5	The prices may not be as good as Marshall's or Ross, but the ratio of cute clothes to ugly clothes is definitely higher. Because it's Nordstrom's, feel free to buy and try on at home and return what you don't like. Just don't cut the tags! They're great about returns though.... and the staff is pretty friendly too.
4	Yea, yea, yea... discount shopping. But upscale discount shopping! Typically, I've found that most department store outlets offer marginally discounted housewares that would give only my grandmother an erection, in addition to piles and piles of ill-fitting jeans with crooked inseams, but this outlet is a departure from the norm. I've found lots of awesome stuff here for CHEAP... Diane Von Furstenburg wrap dresses for $70, Marc by Marc Jacobs ready-to-wear dress and top for $40, Rock and Republic jeans for $100, and loads of cute shoes. Accessories and handbags sections are lame. Overall, a very uncool place to shop for discounted designer wears while feeling slightly embarrassed about how old and cheap you've become.
3	How can a pair of 170.00 designer jeans go down to 60.00 that bewilders me.  The prices at this location are ok, make sure to rummage through newly marked down items first.  They have great bags, and I was able to find a fun cocktail ring, for a fraction of the retail price. I always wanted a cocktail ring, and finally found one I think I'd actually wear!The store is also located right next to Marshalls, giving you 2 places in one location to spend some quality time bargain hunting.If you like designer jeans for a great deal, this is the place.  If you are somewhere between a 24-27 size  for jeans, you will be so happy at this Nordstrom location.  The shoe area was somewhat a bit disappointing, and wasn't as heavy laden with deals.  What I do like is the place is fairly organized so shopping at a bargain is not a pain, but that could also be that I went on a week day!   Overall I would definitely come back, or be a frequent shopper if I had lived here!
4	This place offers brand-name, high quality clothes at much cheaper prices than you would find at a normal Nordstrom.  Unlike other discount stores, Nordstrom Rack offers actual brands and authentic products, not cheap knock-offs or questionably defective items.The best thing I love about this place are the shoes.  I make it a point to look through all the shoes in my size on every visit, including dress, athletic, casual, etc.  Most of my shoes have come from here just because they are so cheap but of great quality.  The only reason I give it four stars is because since Nordstrom Rack only offers what could not be sold at Nordstrom, many of the products can be very eclectic.  Sometimes it is easy to see why things were not purchased.  So then it becomes a matter of sorting through everything to find what fits you and your style.  But as they say, one man's trash...
3	Most top designer brands at very affordable prices. However, on their athletic shoes and jeans I believe they mix in some defective ones from time to time... So, enjoy but shop smart; if something is too good to be true... it probably is.
2	Definitely no coats here.  I spent the next 15 minutes pondering over several dress shirt/tie combinations.  In the end, I walked out empty handed.  The shoe section reminds me of Payless, or if you're older and from the east coast--Fayva.  That's throwback to the extreme right there.Anyway, this was an extremely disappointing excursion.  Next time I'm in Vegas I'm going straight to Neiman Marcus.  F*ck the bullsh*t already.  Don't go here!Wack juice...
4	Coming from the Bay Area and having three Nordstrom Rack locations to choose from, this location is definitely my favorite. Let me tell you why..DENIM. I swear to G everytime I come to this location, I leave with at least two pairs of the perfect denim in my size. This is rarely ever the case with the Bay Area locations. I'm lucky if I can find more than one pair of jeans in a size 26, since I assume it's so common. In addition, this location has a ton of Juicy apparel; the complete outfit (hoodie and pants) are available to purchase 'coz there's nothing worst than finding the hoodie of your choice without the matching pants. I can't say much for their shoes since I rarely ever have the patience to go through every aisle, but obviously that means they have an extensive selection. All in all, this Nordstrom Rack seems to get a lot more apparel than others, and as always, at significantly discounted prices. I love the actual location of this Rack, too, since its neighbors are Ulta, Marshalls, and Target. You know what that means.. shopping after shopping after shopping. What could top that?
4	in a very useful plaza... target, pier one, ulta, marshalls, bath and body works, famous footwear.... anyway... this store is very well organized and not cluttered.They have an awesome collection of shoes and the system of organizing rack by size and types of clothing.. [makeup, shoes, undergarments,  menswear...kids]  very much works..  name brands.. and not so name brands. did i say that they had a very good collection of shoes?i usually get lucky when i hit this place up.. so that's always good.
3	It is what it is - a lot cheaper than it's older sibling Nordstroms, but all the same stuff (a bit picked over).  If you're a brand fiend, and like to scavenge through racks looking for your gem, this is a good place.  If you just want to find a plain white button up shirt - you may be out of luck.  I mostly use it for searching for out-on-the-town clothes.  I'm sure at the beginning of the day racks are organized, but by late afternoon it's a bit of a wreck.  They have so much stuff in relatively little space (just relative to the amount of stuff, it's a big building), things may get a bit jumbled.I have found some great pieces that are fixtures in my wardrobe, it can definitely serve it's role there, and after pieces have been there a little while and prices are marked down it's totally affordable.  Plus, with a little patience you can even find some brands that are made in America (let's support our neighbors jobs, folks)!It's a department store, in general my response is "meh", I usually don't have the patience for it, but it is the only department store that I'll set foot in if that means anything!
3	I had the groupon $25 for $50 of merchandise and also sent one to the BF so we can both have one. With the holiday work madness we had trouble getting here and it's about to expire so this was the only weekend to use it or it's dunzo. We came rather close to closing so I browsed fairly quickly on the categories of stuff I'm looking for- boots and a sweater. I found one knit I liked after a lot of browsing. I couldn't find a dress or some tops or any shoes that interested me....it was too close to closing to take time looking at jeans. I was having trouble finding things and was ready to give up so I browsed other things I didn't quite need for things I liked. I found a cluster charm necklace, two bras and panties to use up the groupon and I spent about $22 over the $50. The BF had much better luck. He was finding stacks of things and most were with those sale stickers for extra discounts. He ended up with a T-shirt with a cherub, a light blue striped button up, lightly lilac cuffs for the shirt, a polo. He spent $9 bucks over the $50. The  clothing prices compared to other Racks I've been to in Cali, it doesn't seem as marked down. Some I can find the same stuff elsewhere for cheaper- their BCBG rack had tops I saw at the outlet for 75% off instead of the Racks 40%. Shoes are a decent deal usually at every location. Bags/accessories are very hit and miss. With the trouble it took to find something to buy I can only give it A-OK/3 star rating. The only Rack is on one corner of the city and we live on the opposite. We have friends in the area and I'll check it out then, but I don't think that drive is worth it just to browse and have trouble finding merchandise.
3	I love Nordstroms, but Nordstroms Rack is really a hit or miss store. Lately everytime I have gone in it has been a miss. Their buyers have been slacking at bringing in the goods and sometimes (well more so often now) it has been cheaper to buy at the actual Nordstroms store. Surprising. The contemporary section you can find designer jeans ranging from 79.97 to 139.97 depending on the brand. My boyfrend loves the brand RVCA and from the tshirts I have found there I have discovered it has been cheaper to buy at the actual department store. Over the summer I did find rayban sunnies there for 79.97 compared to 129.97 at the store. The baby clothes section does have some good deals where I get to find some things to spoil my 2 month old nephew.I say if you are over in the area to stop in and check it out but for the moment it is nothing to drive out of your way for. You would end up paying more in gas than actually saving on your purchases.
4	Came here during our NYE Vegas trip because it was the last day to use the $50 for $25 Groupon. It was about a 10-15 minute drive away from the strip, but I am definitely glad we made this trek.This was the most organized rack I have ever been to. There also weren't bargain crazed shoppers pushing and shoving their way through the aisles. Granted it was 1030 am on New Years Eve...but after the hectic holiday shopping season, it felt really nice to be able to have elbow room while browsing.  In the spirit of giving, I let the BF use my Groupon (or maybe I was just bitter those Burberry boots I was eyeing did not come 1/2 a size bigger.)All in all, great shopping experience.
4	Nordstrom Rack is a pretty solid place if your looking for higher end designer clothes at prices more suitable to your pocket book. Personally, this is my go to place for all types of footwear! No seriously though, they have an excellent selection of casual and dress shoes and ver reasonable prices. Their selection changes quite a bit, so you will have to be patient and maybe visit a few times, but in the end, it's very much worth it. And yes, they have a great selection of clothes too! Once again, you have to be patient as their inventory changes quite regularly. There are many deals to be had. Just remember though, if you see something you like, get it as it probably won't be their for much longer.
2	I tried to use my Groupon here and went to the store 4 times before eventually giving up and getting a refund.  If I wanted to dress like someone in their 70s I could probably do it a lot cheaper and without having to sort through a hundred stuffed racks of crap.
4	Love this store, but maybe I'm just partial to snagging designer deals. It's not the type of store you go in with 'a mission', (unless it's jeans or another broad category). But most of their stuff is high quality, and the shoe section is fabulous!
5	I'd say 85% of my wardrobe is from the Rack!  And probably closer to 95% of all of my shoes are from there!  Love this place with my whole heart!  I've been shopping there over 5 years now.  I've always gotten great deals.  You might have to look through the racks of merchandise sometimes to find the sweet deals!  It's definitely worth it though because of the quality of their merchandise.  I've literally seen things at the Fashion Show Nordstroms and thought "See ya at the Rack!"...not more than a couple weeks later...there's the item I wanted only it's discounted!  Both my parents and my husband are addicted too!  I've gotten everything from special occasion, jewelry, shoes, pants, workout clothes, lingerie, casual tees, jeans, etc.  I like coming here much better than other discount clothing stores.
4	Even when I don't find something here I always have fun looking. I remember on Dec 23 last year everything I picked up was less than $20, I walked out with a bundle.
4	Located right next to Marshalls...this is the perfect place to end my bargain hunting shopping trips. You walk in and it isn't much like a regular Nordstrom (no piano player and no Savvy section...boo)...but that's cool...I can't afford much there anyways. Nordstrom Rack is the perfect compromise. The first thing you see is the designer sunglasses...and they are lovely. I always try to pass them up because its not the smartest thing in the world getting fancy glasses when your kids will destroy them in a week (gotta love those mall kiosks where they sell knockoffs 2 for $20). I usually head back to the kids department where they have the cutest things for the fashionable little anklebiter....without the steep price tag (my monkeys don't need shirts that cost $50+). When I have time I also like to peer at their collection of Junk Food tees...fun t-shirts that I can futz around in. Lastly, their shoes are amazing. They only put 1 shoe out on display and you have to go to the shoe mate desk to get its partner. Usually I don't have time to look but once in awhile I find a great pair of shoes that I just can't live with out. Will always love this place and excited to go and check out their new location on Stephanie and Warm Springs (they are moving from this location to a bigger store...look out for the opening day sale...or so I heard from a very nice associate).
3	I love the prices on the great brands, the choices they have, and the help in the dressing room.What needs to improve is the shoe section, it is a bit of a mess.  My advice is never go on a Sunday afternoon unless you want to wait in line to check out for an hour.  It is located in a great shopping center, where you can shop all day if you like for great deals
2	I generally love discount stores and scoring a deal is always a priority with me. Unfortunately, the selection, organization and pricing at this store is pretty underwhelming. If you've been to a Nordstrom Rack in any other city, I suggest you skip this one to prevent the inevitable disappointment. Located in a zoo of a strip mall, the layout is pretty pointless and I've literally never been able to find a great deal in the last year. In fact, I've not been able to find anything that I've actually wanted here in a long time. I think their buyers may have issues. Or maybe I'm not the demographic they are targeting. All in all, my Nordstrom Rack experiences in California, Texas and Arizona have far-surpassed the moments I've spent perusing the aisles here. I hear some whispers that these guys are moving later this year somewhere else in Henderson. Hopefully, that will bring about some positive change.
5	I live near Seven Hills and this place is literally a few minutes away from my house. With a store like this, there really is no need to go to the department stores on the strip. I used to always go to Saks Fifth Ave for my jeans and pay ridiculous amount of money for them until my sister introduced me to this place. What True Religions, Rock & Republics for under $100?! I know they may be 'last season' jeans, but hell for half the price ill buy it! Also they have great selection of ella moss & juicy couture clothes for really cheap too. If you sign up for their mailing list and you write down the brands you really like, they will call you before they get a shipment of those brands in the store! Awesome!!!!
4	August 14, 2011Today I visited the grand re-opening of Nordstrom Rack.  They are now in a newer location and I just had to see what all the fuss was about.  Nearly every girl at my work was going crazy about the Nordstrom Rack.  After learning that they also had Men's clothing, I figured I take the journey across town.Pros:  +  Huge location  +  Extremely organized   + open layout  + Name Brands galore  + Friendly staff Cons:  -  Crowded parking (I expected it considering my visit took place on a Sun.)  -  No designated clearance section  -  super far drive (considering I live near Centennial)So this is my first time in a Nordstrom Rack.  I never made it to the old location, so I can't do much of a comparison between the two, but I can say that this place is huge.  It's like a Burlington, but more organized (maybe because it just opened).  My trip took place on a Sunday, which explains the crowded parking (on top of the fact that this location opened just this week and it's a Grand Re-Opening).  Compared to the MSRP of name brands, the prices were down about 10-20%  (more on some).  There isn't a designated clearance section, but I did see a few items with a clearance tag on it.  The selection of stuff was really good.  They have everything from clothing to home decor.  The staff was real friendly and their attention to service was evident.  The moment I stepped line, someone was standing there directing people to an open register.  I waited less than a minute even though there were 3 other parties in front of me.  I ended up purchasing a Diesel watch for more than half off of what Watch Station in Planet Hollywood was charging alongside a 2 original Ipod skins for my Ipod and my girlfriend's too.  Overall:  +  I would recommend this place to people who love name brands.  Though the prices aren't slashed drastically, one can still save a significant amount of money.   Tips: *  I'd definitely try and avoid this place on weekends...  The parking lot is big, but there is just so many people there.*  Come when you actually feel like shopping.  It's organized, but it'll still take you couple hours to get through the store .*  For those wondering what name brands are available... here's a small list of ones that caught my eye:CoachFossilDiesel7 For All MankindL.A.M.BPumaBetsey JohnsonSuper DryKenneth ColeSteve Madden
4	Any reviews for this Nordstrom Rack before mid August 2011 must be for the old location because the one on Stephanie wasn't open until then. Nordstrom Racks in general have AMAZING shoe sections and if you're really lucky you can find $300 heels for $60 like me! They wouldn't be so messy if people would put shoes back where they found them. It does get cramped in the small clothing isles so if you HATE crowds, avoid coming on a weekend. You could find some great deals on jewelry/accessories/cosmetics as well.
5	When I should be spending my money responsibly on a new tire and rim and windshield you can  find me here instead.      I have been a fan of Nordstrom/Nordstrom Rack since I was a kid. We spent our summers in Cali. and that's when my parents would give me my school clothes allowance for the year (not much considering they were both teachers). I had to stretch that shit out and still look cool like Martika and Fergie on Kids Incorporated. What did I do?  Instead of Nordstrom I was all about the Rack. This is why I shop here:1. I have an addiction for designer denim. Since I'm not a feature dancer at the Rhino I have to buy them discounted. They have all the brands here for as little as $45. 2. Designer clothing at department store prices. I have purchased shirts here for $10. That's less than it would be at that red bulls eye store or on blue light special! 3. They have some unisex dressing rooms. Okay, so this isn't why I shop here, but I enjoy it. Besides, I'd rather be in the unisex dressing room(they are to the left) with possible hot guys instead of the Women's side with screaming babies. Just sayin'. It's a plus.4. Customer Service is way above average. If you know Nordstrom you know you can have a personal shopper there. Here, you feel like you have one, too. I've had employees recommend jeans for my shape, go get them in my size and tell me which shirt looks better with them. People are helpful and nice to me here.5. Lastly the brands. Now I'm not a label whore, but I do love certain lines. Free People, BCBG, Allsaints, Stuart Weitzman you catch my drift. They even have Nikes for less than Foot Locker and they aren't Dress For Less quality, either. They even carry the whole Burt's Bees line and some Philosophy. One stop shop to be stylin' profilin' from head to toe.This new location in Hendo is clean, organized and humongous.  They have the largest selection of scarfs I have ever seen in one store and in every price range. I know furry vests are hot this season and they also have tons of those, too right now. *** Just one tip for you Nordstrom Rack newbies: The doors in the dressing room lock if you shut them so don't be That Girl. Lastly, my birthday is WEEKS away Yelpers and if you were planning on getting me a gift and cannot afford what I really want (Elton John tickets, Zoom teeth whitening, colonics) please know I will gladly be accepting Nordstrom Gift Cards or a bottle of Ion  vodka:) Hugs were so last year.Now if only I could get that damn tire and rim here.......
3	After finding out the one up near Anthem was closing down and this one would be the alternative. It took some time for me to stop by and maybe I have missed the peak window of them at their best. Browsing through the inventory left me underwhelmed. The clothes were nothing special. Some of the brands were higher end, but did not come at a price that was different then what you can buy at the regular stores. The designs are more mature for my taste as well.
4	The Skinny: Like all outlet stores, the stuff can be hit or miss depending on the time you go. And, it takes a great deal of patience to weed through all the merchandise to find what you want. FYI, the real deals are on the clearance racks so make sure to hit those (4).I'm not a great shopper. Some friends have accused me of shopping like I have testicles because if I find something I like, I'll get it in like 3 different colours so I don't have to be bothered to go shopping for while. Added to the fact that I would say that I am a tightwad (or really great willpower!) when it comes to fashion, so I definitely make things harder on myself.Anyway, given my shopping quirks, I was a little in dire straits. I needed to get a clutch for a formal event I'm attending and I was 0 for 0 at the outlet stores because I didn't want to spend a lot of money on it.  Enter Nordstrom Rack.I found the perfect Jessica McClintock clutch going for $15 within 2 minutes of walking in the store. Sweet.Seeing how big the store is, I focused my efforts on the clearance racks as the regular stuff is still a little pricey in my books. After perusing the racks, I walked away with a great Kate Spade top for $20 (retail $85), a Prana yoga top for $10 (retail $40) and a bunch of knit tops for $10 each. I went to check out the shoes and loved that they were organized by shoe size.  Why bother looking at styles they don't have in your size? I also liked that the shoes were overall in pretty good condition. They also have some great designer shoes in the section with names like Stuart Weitzman, Tory Burch, etc. Although I didn't find anything this time, it's not a bad to check out again.All in all, it's a great place to catch a good deal. And, unlike the majority of outlet stores which have stuff specifically make for their outlets, this store carries a lot of the regular store items but at a significantly better discounted price. So for the more reasonable prices and quality, this place gets a 4.
1	This review is not of their store which isn't bad (it's a designer clothing store at a decent price, you roughly know what you're getting) but rather for the abomination of a department they call the alteration/tailoring service. This department does not even deserve an F, rather they should just get an incomplete. A couple of weeks ago, I decided to get 6 pants I purchased at the store hemmed by their "tailor" since the employees at the front suggested it and I figured that it would be cheaper and faster than going to my original tailor. Besides I thought, it's a basic hem or shortening, why not, what could go wrong? Ah Murphy's Law thank you for rearing your head. Timeline:Saturday: I got measured and was told to pick them up in a week and a half. Came back, tried them on and all 6 were still too long. Saturday: I was told to come back the next day and he would have them fixed. Sunday: Came back the next day and he said they still weren't ready and to come back in two days. Wednesday: So, third times a charm, I came back in two days and he said they were ready. I take them to the dressing room and find that four of the pants are fine, a 5th one was incomplete and still had chalk on it and the 6th one was ....missing. Seriously? Missing?  Is this a black hole like when I wash clothes and can only find one sock? I mean really, how do you lose a pair of purchased pants that were supposed to be tailored for a customer? And of course, those pants were the only pants that they could find in that size. (So somewhere someone is running around with pants tailored for me which sucks for them because my measurements are all out of whack.) But I guess in all fairness, everyone was professional and the tailor was a nice guy, I'll give him that, but I was looking for a tailor not a courteous stranger. I understand that sometimes a tailor can inaccurately measure or sometimes have a delay on the timeframe they originally set based on schedule, but losing pants? Real tailors are not supposed to lose pants. C'mon man, be professional.
4	I really like Nordstrom Rack.  It's fun to look around.  Some of the prices, especially on the best brands, are really unbeatable.  The other day, I got a Kate Spade bangle for less than $20 that I was eyeing online for four times that.  Fan-freaking-tastic.  Love when that happens.I would LOVE to give this place five stars.  But I can't.  Sometimes the fitting room staff are really, really crabby.  I used to work a fitting room in college.  I understand that it can feel like a rat race.  I don't see how that affects your ability to smile.  And I feel like the lighting in here is funny - the color of the garments I try on always seem to look different on the rack and at home than they do in the actual dressing room.Still, I love NR.  I have gotten lots of shoes, handbag, and jewelry deals here.  Not as many good clothes finds, but I don't doubt that it's possible.  Especially since I'm here a few times a week :)
4	This is one of my favorite stores.  They have a huge selection of designer brands at great prices.  Some times it is a little hard to find things just because there are so many items there.  They have a huge shoe selection with some great clearance deals.
4	When they moved closer to the Galleria Mall, I was a bit sadden because it was such a connivence having them literally 5 minutes away from my house, but from what I can remember it seems that their new location is a lot bigger.I normally come here for the excellent shoe selection that they have.  Every single time I go there, I want to buy every shoe that I find adorable. I feel like I'll go broke because I want to buy all the shoes I try on.  You can find a brand name clothing, watches, and shoes for a decent price :)  However, their clothing selection I havent found any luck on the tops & dresses that they have.  Usually they seem to be all big for me and their jeans for my age (LOL), is all too long for my short height.  I would have to go to the "Junior" section and find decent jeans, but hey it is cheaper than the "ladies" section. LOL
5	Okay... take my review with a grain of salt since buying at NR is a hunt and if you happen to be in the common sizes that everyone else is.... you might not find anything.  However, there are some changes to NR.First and foremost, I originate from Seattle where NR originated.  So it's usually difficult to find another NR in the states that can compare mainly because the flagship store sends a lot more good stuff to the ones in the Seattle area.That being said, the Henderson one is friggin' sweet.   I guess in the last year or so, they've made a few changes where they now can check you out via portable cust service units and they also have a seamstress on staff that can fix/hem your clothes in an hour if she's there or you can come pick them up.  This is a fabulous service since a lot of work clothes require measuring and fitting.If you live close, you can usually find some real gems pretty quickly when new shipments come out.  They do reduce price to get rid of inventory, but for designer things like Marc Jacobs and what not, I'd probably snatch it up if it's about 30% off since they're not going to last too much longer.   Very few things make it to 75% and are awesome finds but they exist once in a blue moon.Definitely happy that I'm in a city with a decent Rack.  Nothing gets a guy giddy like a polka dotted tie.  Kidding.  Kidding.
5	Shopping just got so much easier here!! You no longer have to wait in line at the cash registers! While I was scouring the clearance clothes racks, a sales clerk on the floor approached me.  She let me know that I can check out my purchases as long as I am paying with a debit or credit card with anyone on the floor wearing the bright lime green shirts! The lime green shirts stood out so  I had no problem spotting  a clerk down once I was ready to make a dent in my bank account.  They all carry a handheld device that scans your merchandise and once you get ready to pay they scan your card.  You can have a printed receipt, have it emailed to you, or both!! No waiting in line. Super convenient!  You can also get the same services as the department stores like free alterations if you have their reward card. When I bought a long sundress, the sales clerk at the fitting room suggested that their tailor can hem my dress and finish it while I shopped. Got measured and my dress was ready in 15 minutes! How awesome is that?  That's what makes Nordy's  the leader in customer service!
4	I haven't been since it moved to this shopping center. I'm not from this side of town, but this shopping center has a lot of good going for it. It seemed a lot better organized this time around and they are in the process of getting rid of the cash register counter and going with a iphone checkout and putting in more product in the store. Hrrmmm. Apparently you can just spot any employee to check you out, no real waiting in line. On this visit I was finding shoes and more shoes. Generally this is a good place to find quality shoes for a price I'm happy to pay. I settled on two shoes, but I seriously had a pile until the boyfriend gave me a "are you cray?" look. Maybe it's a good thing he is with me or else I would have a hard time not buying all the things. I'm a pretty restrained shopper unless I keep on finding stuff but shoes is something I actually really need for work. If comfy flats isn't your thing, the variety of types and styles is good - really have something for everyone. I looked through the clothes briefly but didn't find anything. I would say clothes are more of a dig here, but you can be rewarded if you're a thorough shopper.Bags and accessories here are nice. I didn't dare look carefully because I have "too many" purses all over the house to justify it at the moment. I did look at the beauty stuff and some weren't much of a discount but I found some Urban Decay eye primers for half the price they normally go! I say if you like deals, enjoy the find, then go. Some days will be a miss depending on what they've gotten in and been picked through, but when it's a hit you will be very glad you did.(Yelp 100 Challenge 12/100)
4	Nordstrom Rack has a great selection of name brand cosmetics, purses, shoes and clothing, some of which are being offered at major discounts compared to other retailers. I went to the old store off Silverado Ranch quite a bit when I lived in that area, but rarely found anything worth purchasing. This newer location seems larger, and is definitely organized better. Keep in mind that not everything is a great deal but sometimes you can find a good bargain. I've seen items at half the MSRP, and I have seen other items at $1 off the MSRP. This is definitely a store where you will find your smartphone handy to look up prices and see if the Rack is really offering up a bargain or not. This is also a store where you will get the most out of your shopping experience if you allow for a decent amount of time to really look at everything, unless of course you only want a specific item. It's also like going thrift store shopping, only with brand new merchandise... You never really know what you will find. The majority of the times that I shop here happen to be on weekends, and it can get a little zoo-like. On my last visit it looked like employees were doing inventory in the shoe department, which seemed like an odd time to perform such a task, but employees were all very helpful, offering to get boxes off the top shelves or check in back for other sizes. This location is also using a new, very cool checkout system, I was waiting in line when one of the sales associates that asked me if I needed help just a short time earlier came up and said she could check me out using her phone! She swiped my debit card with a card reader attached to an iPhone and then gave me the choice of having my receipt printed, emailed or both. Overall, Nordstrom Rack is a welcome addition to this part of Henderson. It has better merchandise than the other 'discount' retailers, usually at cheaper prices than other department stores and it's far more organized than the previous location. I am a fan!
1	Never EVER ever again. EVER. I don't bargain hunt for a reason, and my latest experience at this store just reiterates why. I purchased a Betsey Johnson watch and I was so excited about it! The next day, I went to set the watch and the piece that you use to set it broke off. I took it to a watch repairmen and he said it would be an additional 40$ to fix. So I took it back to the store. They didn't have a replacement, they had something similar, but it wasn't what I wanted. The girl at the counter gave me no option at all, just to get my money back. I asked to speak with a manager (I will never understand why people have to escalate to get better service) the manager offered to find the watch at another store. Great!!! I love that! 2 different people are on the phone calling other stores to find the watch, they find it at another store in CA and are going to send it to me. GREAT!!! They refund my card, but never charge me for the replacement watch. I called the store yesterday to find out what was going on and there was no record of them doing the swap. Again, the person helping me was most unhelpful and offered no solution at all. Her "solution" was to wait 3 to 5 days and see what happens, maybe the charge would show up and maybe the other store would ship it to me. That was her "solution" ? Are you kidding me?! I suggested that they fix the original watch and when they called back, they said that's what they would do. This all happened from Saturday to yesterday. So, we'll see what happens. Regardless, I'm done with Nordstrom Rack. There's a reason that I stay away from stores like this and now I remember why.
3	I was very excited to finally get to Nordstrom Rack since they took out the one that was near my neighborhood.  I think of myself as a great digger that looks in between things to find some really great steals, but I felt like I was doing a little too much of that here.  So it personally was disappointing for me.  Women's clothing selection is HUGE, but so huge it is almost very unorganized.  I swear I could never leave this store without bags in my hand.. If you have time to look through I know for sure you will get a great deal on some name brands, but for sure, you will have to be patient!Happy bargain shopping.
5	Great prices on quality merchandise. Much better than similar discount stores, i.e. TJ Maxx, Marshalls. An easy place to walk into with no intention of buying anything, and leaving a few hundred dollars lighter. Caveat emptor.
4	Love this Nordstrom Rack! I finally found a pair of shoes at a Nordstrom Rack store that didn't look worn, tried on too much or returned. Their shoe selection was great! Clothes were predictable carrying usual brands. Wish there were more discounts on all the clearance merchandise...hit or miss...Checkout was super fast and easy finding the sales associate. The only thing I really didn't like was the male sales associate handling the ladies fitting room.
5	I absolutely looooveeee this store!  Socal Nordy's Rack is kinda ghetto, but in Vegas baby is it super chic! This store has an awesome selection of everything from lingerie ( cutest betsey johnson bras), kids clothes, tech accessories, SHOES, kids shoes, I can go on. The store is always spotless clean and their is never a line for the fitting rooms. I love everything I have bought from here and it is my first choice when I go shopping. I used to shop Nordy's..but times are changed lol and mama has got to stick to a budget. Nordy's Rack makes me feel like I'm still shopping 5 STAR , while paying 2 star. I love you Nordstrom Rack!!!!
5	Great deals on high end clothing, go here first I always find exactly what I'm looking for + more. Love that I'm not paying full price for name brand stuff :)
5	Awesome watch collection and tons of designer jeans. They have people that can check u out at anywhere in the store if paying with your Nordstrom card. The people that work there are helpful. Overall I will be coming back again and again
5	Great deals and a consistent selection of quality clothes for business or casual. Yes, you have to look through the racks for the best deals but I always come away with top name brands for 75% off retail. Plan to spend an hour shopping and try everything on as sometimes the sizes are less than accurate and you can recharge your wardrobe.
4	I'm not quite sure how I've lived 32 years without this in my life. Incredible quality brands at ridiculous discounts. We saved $189 and only spent $102. That's what I call a deal! :) We'll be back. Every two weeks :)
4	Nordstrom Rack is one of the only brick and mortar clothing stores I continue to shop.  Working for a huge online retailer makes it easier to shop online.  The store itself isn't that big but big enough for me to spend a good chunk of money every few weeks.  I can usually find in-demand designers at great prices - I've even scored a few couture pieces at crazy low prices (Tory Burch, Marc by Marc Jacobs & DVF to name a few).  There are also less expensive brands that look great.  I love their jewelry & accessories section.  I can always find cute earrings at low prices and I drool over designer handbags.  The employees are always really friendly which is important to me when I'm shopping.  I ain't got time for no meanies!  What I love most about Nordstrom Rack is that my husband also loves this store, so it's convenient for us both to shop!
5	This location - amazing.  Clean and beautiful.  I love shopping at this store.  I could spend hours and thousands of dollars at each visit but luckily I exercise amazing restraint!  I always find great things at this store.  So, please don't visit it and take all the adorable purchases that I take for myself.  Size 12 foot - great!  Please, come and visit this store.  Size 0 clothes size.  Wonderful, please come visit.  Everyone else, I don;t want you visiting this store and taking my clothes! :)
4	Holy shit, how am I JUST discovering this place? I had heard about Nordstrom rack from all my friends, but figured it would kind of be like Ross but higher-end. It is, in a sense, but I much prefer NR. I checked out the clothes and everything looked nice. Nothing spectacular, but it is nice clothing. What blew me away was the shoe section. Jesus! I'm a size 5 and some stores don't even carry my damn size, let alone these types of stores. Although the size 5 section was waaaay smaller than for the other sizes, I was nonetheless impressed by the wide selection. They had a ton of cute flats and boots and I would've purchased 3 pairs if I could. The shoes aren't inexpensive; I mean they had Uggs, Cole Haan, etc. So don't come here expecting 30 dollar shoes. But they had some gorgeous shoes priced around 80-100 dollars.
5	Went shopping here today for the first time, and my experience was great! There are lots of different higher and lower end brands that are extremely discounted. I bought a pair of shoes, a shirt, and a pair of sunglasses, and all of the items were in perfect condition. The cashier was really friendly, making the experience all the better! I will definitely be back to check out more of their products.
4	12.26.13.This is another review from a trip over Thanksgiving! ...and in my opinion, this Nordy Rack visit solidified my belief that mainland Nordy's are wayyy better than the one we have here in Hawaii! (I guess I should be thankful that we have one here to begin with) :)Why it's better you ask? Well, first off, more racks, more merchandise, more sizes, more selection...better high end brands that are decently discounted...there was also a great cosmetics section (plenty of NYX, Stila, etc.), and also nail polish!What a scored here? A large Tory Burch purse about a third off of the original price! Hard to find TB merch here at Nordy Rack unless you're super lucky!It was also more exciting since they were having a promotion of spending a certain amount and receiving a $15 gift card :)Yelp 365 Challenge: #359/365
3	The Rack located in Henderson is a tad different than some of the others I have been to across the country.  I give it a 3 stars due to the rather messy arrangements of the clothing and the lack of any real help.  The lines for check out are long even with the new system of having staff with iPhone type app for check out. Now don't get me wrong, you can sometimes find some great bargains here but the past several months it seems that I can hit up a sale at Macy's or Marshall's and find better bargains.
3	Four stars for their merchandise.Two stars for their service : two people in front of me and one behind me. A sales associate comes out of nowhere and offers to ring up the next person in line and takes the person behind me... What??! I thought that was incredibly rude... When it was my turn at the line I was in though, the cashier was very nice...Also I asked a sales associate on the floor how much alterations were? She told me to ask them in the fitting room. Great help. So I went to the fitting room and FLAGGED down an attendant who was IN the fitting room area already and asked her how much alterations were? She told me I would have to ask the alterations lady herself after I bought my jeans and it varies in price. It's a simple jean hemming! Wtf is SO hard about a QUOTE?? Totally over it. I bought my jeans and left - taking them to my Korean lady at JONES CLEANERS!!!
5	Excellent customer service. Was greeted multiple times throughout the store. I love that I can use my nordstrom Debit card here, as well as in the actual department store. If you are a Nordstrom girl like me, definitely look into getting their debit card. You get all kinds of rewards through their bonus point system.
4	Cool Store! Love the sizes of sandals, shoes, heels. Branded such as COACH, NIKE, MK Etc. Loved it!
1	Loved this store up until last weekend. I was told that if I got a nordstrom credit or debit card that when I joined I would receive a $20 gift card in the mail.. Its been about 3 months now and I still haven't received it. So I went in last weekend to ask them about it and they said that I have to spend $100 to get that $20 giftcard so I was lied to. Vey disappointing. They need to inform their staff and make sure that their employees are all up to date on nordstrom credit/debit card program. I only joined for that $20 gift card and now that im not gunna receive it im pretty disappointed. Probably wont ever come back to this Nordstrom Rack, dont want to get lied to again. :(
3	This place is hit or miss.  They have everything from high end jeans, purses, perfumes, candles, shoes, even a good selection of make up.  The good: usually a pretty good (and by good i mean i curse myself as i walk out because i spent way too much) selection of clothing. the shoe section is organized with a large "regular" section (aldo, converse, uggs, ivanna trump, jessica simpson) with clearly separated regular price, clearance, tennis shoe, and wide/narrow sections.  There is also a separate high end section with tory birch, cole haans, and stewart weitzman.  The makeup: usually a ton of NYX, and lots of palates/ sets of nars, stilla, and smash box.  The bad: On a few occasions I've bought face creams and treatments that when i got home i discovered were clearly expired (separated/ rancid smell) once I asked a girl if they had a different size of a dress, she looked at the tag and told me "well thats from the actual store, so I'm not sure if we have any more", as well as seeing some tags that have the "original price" "our price" labels, and seeing tons of brands I've never seen in the actual nordstroms.... it all kinda of feels like a fraud to me... I want expensive things for cheap damn it! The lines are usually crazy long to check outMake sure you get your email back up receipt!!! I wasn't offered one once, and went to return something with no receipt! they wouldn't take it back.  I like this store... and i don't think 3 stars is bad by any means... just beware this is not the discount mecca you think it may be.
4	Brand named items for sale / cheap? YES PLEASE.Few times I've been here, the store only gets cleaner and more organized. Finding items made easy!Staff are friendly and always available when needed.Huge selection on women's, men's, and kids/infant clothing, shoes, accessories (such as handbags, sunglasses, watches, wallets, electronic/phone accessories, etc), and make-up.I can't help but end up in the kid's section all the time because they're items for kids are just too cute! And at great prices! This store has not disappointed me yet.
4	High-end brands, rock-bottom prices, and it smells like Marshall's in here... Or maybe it's just the scent of bargains.
5	Love it. I needed a dress for a wedding next weekend, and ended up getting one that retails over $90 for just under $35. Lots of great labels, lots to pick from, and a detailed receipt that can also be emailed to you explaining what you bought and how much you saved. And don't miss the 25% off clearance sales. Way. Amazing. Deals. I'll be back!
4	This is a good place to find great bargains on brand name clothes and accessories. Sometimes you can find great deals on makeup too. My niece loves to go with me because they have a nice selection of kids clothes. I visit at least once a month and usually leave happy. The staff is friendly and willing to help you if needed. Only 4 stars because this place gets really messy and disorganized sometimes, with clothes thrown around and put into the wrong sections. The Nordstrom Racks I've been to in CA and Texas are better, but this is still a good place to find low cost stuff in Vegas.
2	Sadly I can only give two stars.  The store is packed with drabby  colored clothes and the racks are packed so everything falls on the floor.  Also frustrated with the poor presentation of styles....  I would rather fight the crowds in Seattle then to get the left overs in this store.  What ever happened to color ??  90% of the store is black and grey...depressing.
3	A-okay would be an accurate description.  I had a lot of trouble over the check card account that they have here.  I was offered an opportunity to rack up some points and I wasn't sure whether or not my account was up to date with the correct checking account info, sooooooo, the clerk recommended I open a new one.  I think that was the first mistake.  These accounts do seem fairly easy to update, but that was not her experience and I followed her advice to open a new account and cancel the old.  Well, I didn't have my reading glasses at the check stand and she got the account information off of my smart phone.  Sadly, she got my savings account info which happened to have a zero balance.  Can you say BOOOOOOONNNNNNNNG!  Three times!  YIPPEE!  I wanted to tear my hair out.  I got online to see my bank account and found this negative balance in my savings account, so frantically I called the bank and found out what happened.  Oy!  So straightened it out and the bank was nice enough to waive all the overdraft fees.  THEN Nordstrom's RACK automated system runs it through a third time even after they'd been given the correct account a week prior.  So here we go again.  BOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNG!   Oh, my god.  My bank is soooooo nice.  I will have to go write them a good review next!   Anyway, saved for their great alteration service, they have survived my worst review still and I love them for the exquisite care they give you even at the Rack outlet store prices.  I bought this wonderful Michael Kors moto jacket with sleeves that came down to my fingertips.  They do have an alterations girl onsite at the Stephanie store, but she didn't do leathers, so I took it down to the big store at Fashion Show Mall and they had the jacket back to me within two days!  They were awesome.  All alteration work done of clothes purchased there are FREE!  yes!  FREEEEEEEE!   I love Nordstrom Rack.  And FYI, they push the debit card at the outlet, but you can get a charge card.  Don't do a debit card and get caught like I did going is it or is it not a good account number on there!   Do yourself a favor and get a credit card and just pay it off if you don't like interest.
