5	Hello fellow yelpers!  After four consecutive weeks of going to this bakery every Wednesday, I want to share just how great this bakery is.  Chef Flemming loves his work, and it shows in every beautiful piece of pastry he displays, and in every bite that I take after buying a whole box full of them.  He cares about the intricate details and takes his time to make every part of every pastry fresh daily.  I've yet to see bread older than a day out on the shelves, and how he finds time to make new bread every morning is beyond me.  Hardly anything is left on the shelves by 4pm, so get there in the morning for your loaves and cookies.When i first stopped in, I ordered the following: cream puff, neopolitan, eclair, oatmeal and chocolate chip cookies, a black and white cookie, yule log (mini cake), pistachio cheesecake, cream horn, fruit tart, and some petit fours.  EVERYTHING--literally--was fantastic.  He makes the pastry and the cream and chocolate from scratch every morning, and he adds his twist to the pastries.  For example, his cream  puffs are not only filled with pastry cream and whipped cream, but he adds a sliver of strawberry in there and it makes the whole experience divine.  His nut rolls, oh--the pistachio cheesecake is killer--and his cookies are out of this world.  I ordered two cakes for Christmas this year because I wanted one for our house and one to take to our friend's on Christmas day.You have to take the trip to Water Street for his bakery.  I promise you won't be disappointed.  Everything is excellent.  Oh, and as for his bread--the challah bread is the best I've ever used for my orange french toast.  You MUST try it.Not only is the atmosphere homey and inviting, but it's rare to find a bakery so intimate in Las Vegas.  Chef pops his head out now and then to say hi to the customers.  He's humble.  I parked one day in the back and saw that he keeps his prices down probably because he doesn't have help in the kitchen.  I assume that because I saw him mopping and cleaning by himself.  Have fun, and go nuts when you stop by this bakery.  It's now a weekly ritual that is a must in my plans.  I drive from North Las Vegas every Wednesday just for his bread, cream puffs, and nut rolls, among the other things i grab because he makes new things all the time.  Take the trip and bon apetit!
4	We discovered this is small bake shop, owned and operated by the Chef Fleming Pederson who hales from Denmark and previously served as head pastry chef at the Golden Nugget for over 15 years, in April 2009 and have been returning on each of our trips.   I can recommend the Danish pastries, but the star of the dessert case is his chocolate covered pistachio cheesecake.
4	I love this place!!!! Not only is it a REAL bakery, you feel it and smell it when you walk in! They made my wedding cake and my groom's cake and I will tell you hands down, not only were they cheaper than Freed's, they tasted WAYYYYYYY better (I sampled both in the same day.) They pastries are to die for. Their service is personable. And I know they don't really advertise, so I will speak out and say, "Try them!!" I've read that some people think they are a bit pricey...all I can say is, that I've been to that patisserie in the Paris, I've had desserts at Freed's and had treats at the Bellagio, but one thing I love about Chef Flemming's bake shop is that you can tell he puts his heart in his work...A cute little shop worth visiting!
5	My Wife and I just found out about Chef Flemmings bake shop (although its been around over a year) and its the best bake goods I've ever had literally! I cant believe we have this in Henderson a must go for locals as well the traveler. I also cant forget to mention how nice they are! WOW get the princess cake!
5	Outstanding quality, great prices.  I can't say enough about how awesome everything we have tried from there is.  We discovered them at last weeks parade on Water St.  Very friendly and helpful staff and as mentioned in one of the other reviews, Chef Flemming popped his head out to say hi as I was having my order put together.  I have a feeling that (since I'm off of work every week on Sourdough day - Thursday) that this may become a weekly trip for me.
4	I have been there a few times and have not found really anything I liked so much as to keep me coming back until i tried the WHOOPIE PIE...That WHOOPIE PIE is hellah good!!! It's $1.50 and worth 4 stars by itself. Now I will want to drive the extra distance for the yummiest WHOOPIE PIE ever (so far). I did also try a strawberry muffin and apricot butter crust dessert  thingy -both good!!One time I asked for a lemon bar and the lady working the counter said " Alright hun, but you know the lemon bars are frozen" I said why and she said that Chef Flemming bakes the bars then freezes it to cut it better-that process sounds backwards to me..His cookies are too hard (I like cookies soft and chewy- to each his own!) I think his bakery needs a woman's touch badly!!!!!!!  They just extended a little bit for extra room and it looks like your grandma's living room. Prices of sheet cakes are too expensive....WHOOPIE PIES, WHOOPIE PIES, WHOOPIE PIES = 4 stars
5	First of all I am HUGE into service and this was by far some of the best service I have ever received. Chef Flemming even came in after hours, because I was working so much, to help me choose a cake for a baby shower I was hosting. I took a picture of something very elaborate that I had found on-line and he totally pulled it off. The shower is tomorrow so I will report back how it tastes....but it is beautiful to look at! Pics to come!! Also, besides having some of the best service in the business, his other treats there are great. I bought whoopie pies their last week for my staff and everyone loved them. They are not too sweet but perfectly creamy. A must try!!
5	UPDATE!!! Ok...so this is officially the cake that made everyone think that I was pregnant. After posting the picture of this baby cake people thought it was for MY baby shower. LOL!! My poor Paul! Anyways, the cake was beautiful and tasted awesome. I am an official Chef Flemming Bake Shop addict. Awesome service, beautiful cake and great snacks on all my in between visits. GO THERE NOW!
5	After reading a review in the local Henderson NV newspaper, I made my way over to Chef Fleming's Bake shop on Water St.Chef Fleming Pedersen was born and trained as a pastry chef in Copenhagen Demark, and before opening his bakery, worked from the past 17 years or so as head pastry chef at the Golden Nugget, downtown Las Vegas.Water Street in downtown Henderson is both a bit old and run-down, but trying to revitalize itself for the new times. It's an odd mix of old, 1950's signage and store-fronts, but a big new strip-mall is across the street. This bakery is hopefully a good step in the right direction for bringing in new business to the city. The interior of the shop is SMALL. Very small. When there was 6 people wating to be served, it was cramped. On this Monday, the choices inside the cases all looked so good, it was hard to narrow my choices to only 6. I finally chose:CannolliKranskagge2 apple turnovers2 "Little Hats"Most people know what cannolli and turnovers are, so no need to detail that. The cannolli was fresh, with sparse small chocolate chips (not morsels, real chips) in the mix. I found it very good, and a much better price than most of the Italian-owned/based bakeries in town. MUCH better than Freed's, for half the price. Very delicious!The kranskagge I got was a small, 4 inch long cookie filled with marzipan. A very generous amount of filling, and the cookie around it was drizzled with icing. Really tasty, and I know i'll be getting them more often. Even better if you love marzipan like I do. My only issue with it, was it seemed a day or 2 old. The cookie outside was a bit tough. A shame, and I hope I can get some really fresh ones next visit.I wish I could get the Danish name for the Little Hats. The girl at the counter called them that, with no info on what they are called in Denmark. This was heavenly and a bit of perfection I was so happy to get! It started with a short dough exterior, very close to a butter-rich shortbread. Inside was a marzipan filling with it, in about a tablespoon amount. The dough was folded over at 3 places, and crimped, and looked like a tri-cornered hat, hence the name. After it was baked, the bottom was given a quick dip in chocolate. This was so good, I wish I had bought about half a dozen! On a scale, i'd rate them about 8. For Las Vegas' bakeries, i'd give it a 10!Om a really cool side-note: On the first Saturday of the month, he has "Danish Day". Apparently, once a month he makes more Danish-based specality baked-goods.
5	A few years back I was on vacationing Amsterdam and I wandered into a bakery where I had a piece of the best tasting apple torte I have ever had in my life. Ever since that trip I have been on a mission to find baked goods that compare to the goodies we had in Amsterdam. I was delighted when I learned that there was an European style bakery in my neighborhood. Chef Fleming's Bake Shop is ran by a man that learned his craft while living in Denmark. Not quite the same as Holland but getting pretty close!I decided to stop in this past Saturday after doing some errands just because my sweet tooth was acting up. I picked out 4 items, two were for me and two were for my husband:Pumpkin cupcake - For me, and it was amazing. Moist cupcake with the perfect amount of cream cheese frosting. Bread pudding - An individual size serving, I got this for my husband who LOVES bread pudding. He devoured it, only let me have one little taste. It was the perfect consistency, nice and creamy. I wish I would have gotten another one of these.Raspberry tart thingy - For me, I wish I would have wrote down the name of this one. It was a little cake with a raspberry glaze and some crushed pistachios on top. The cake was a little dry.Apple cinnamon torte - For my husband, this was an individual size serving, not a full pie. I did not get to try this, I assume it was good because it disappeared quickly.Total cost for the 4 items was $8. Service was friendly, as it has been every time I have gone in.
4	Now I didn't get to check out the bakery in person so this review is just for the raspberry crumb cakes. A friend was nice enough to pick us up a sweet treat while he was there stocking up on goodies.This yummy little treat hit the spot! Me and the hubby plan on checking this place out  in person..asap!I hear that they have amazing bread pudding & I am a huge fan of that. So look for updates coming soon.
5	THis IS such a gr8 patisserie  located 15 minutes from the bustle and lights of LV!Butter...its ALL about the butter!Flakey---did I mention flakey.Ohhhhh, do you smell the warm, tart, cinnamon of apple pastries---OMG!Then theres the carrot cake---moist and spicy...with smooth spiced crreamy frosting---this is no ordinary carrot cake---no way!I could only ogle the event cake that was going out the door when I stopped....a baby shower event and the grandma to be was in tears over the cake! Howz that?This place is all love!!!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cPGKR_mLouQ&feature=related
5	Oh Chef, you steal my heart... I read about this patisserie in my local neighborhood paper, tore the article out, and stuck it to my fridge for well over a year, occasionally saying "I really need to make it over there".  I finally made it over, and I'm so glad I did!  I was standing in front of the glass contemplating what I'd sample and a man dropping by to pick up an order saw me pondering.  He mentioned that his wife threatens bodily harm if he picks up the weekly bread order and doesn't return with one of their Neopolitans in hand.  I've never particularly cared for the ice cream (which, until now was all I knew of "Neapolitan"), and since I rarely turn down a food suggestion from a stranger, I ordered one for myself.  Holy crap, my interpretation of what a European pastry is was changed forever... The dough was flaky, the creme PERFECT, not too sweet, light but rich, and the icing not too sweet.  Since that time I can't step within a three mile radius of this place without stopping in for some kind of pastry with this REAL European style cream... I've tried a number of other pastries (they always have cookies, fruit tarts, cakes, muffins, and bread), and while all are quite good, nothing blows me away like the creme puffs and Neos.  Prices are reasonable, and they have discount grab bags.  Additionally, different days of the week often feature pastries themed from different countries.  I wandered in on a Saturday when the featured country was one that specializes in almond paste and reaffirmed my dislike for it, but I know that is my personal taste and not a reflection of the quality of the baking.  They always have a wide assortment of the daily specialties and the ol' standards, and the lovely ladies behind the counter are always chatty and smiling.
4	I love this bakery. I always buy stuff here for myself,wife and friends.I am quite on the healthy side of eating, but ever since finding this special little bakery in Amsterdam I have been hooked on great european baked goods. If you haven't yet make a trip to water street in downtown Hendertucky.
3	It was good but, to expensive for my taste.  maybe because I have a baker in California that makes the biggest eclairs you have ever seen and they are $3.00 they are by far 3 times bigger.  my cupcake was ho hum and my husbands danish was dry I thought, I didn't see any of these things that where posted on the site, I probably would try again but, I'm not to sure.
4	I love the selection and variety and the prices are cheap.
5	My first star goes to the service here. I was greeted immediately upon entering by a warm and friendly attendant. She had a grandmotherly quality, very patient and welcoming. She was altogether a reason for stopping here again. My next star is for the appearance, decor, and displays. Beautiful arrangement of everything, a homey decor, and even a place to purchase discount "yesterday's" pastries. The next star is for the specific presentation of the pastries. My mouth was watering at simply the sight of them!The last two stars are delegated to the actual taste and quality of the pastries. I ordered three pastries, a Neapolitan, a Cheese Danish, and a Pistachio Cheesecake. The Neo was sublime, delicious, flaky, and sweet. I don't think I'd come home again from Flemming's without one. The Danish was equally as delightful. And the pistachio cheesecake was flavorful with outstanding presentation, just too sweet for my taste. I won't discredit them for this though, as it was certainly rich and velvety as cheesecake should be. If you haven't been here, go now.
5	Put "Belgian" before anything culinary in my life and 99.9% of the time, I'm sure it will be beer.  Belgian beer.  It took a hidden bakery in old town Henderson to convince me that the word Belgian should be connected with baked goods.  And I'm almost willing to say that Belgian beer comes second because Chef Flemming has created edible art.  Painting with flour and sugar and chocolate, he is producing some of the best breads and cakes and pastries in this valley . . . wait, that's not saying enough.  He's producing some of the best breads and cakes and pastries in America.  Flaky and crisp.  Tasty and sweet.  Go there and you will not be disappointed.  The only reason Chef Flemming's isn't a Vegas destination is that it's so far from the strip.  Who cares?  It's worth it.
5	Best pastries in Vegas. Period. Expect to stand in a bit of a line... but that should underscore how good this place is.
2	I'm sure everything else at this shop must be great but I don't think their expertise is custom orders.  I ordered a mini cake to replicate our wedding cake for our anniversary.  The lady who handled my order over the phone was very nice and seemed to know what she was doing.  We confirmed it all and I thought things were good to go.  However,  I got a callback later that day from another lady there who demanded (no exaggeration) that I send a photo of the cake.  I sent the picture and immediately got a call back saying the photo was too small.  Apparently the staff didnt know how to open a photo attachment on an email properly.  I helped them with the minor IT challenge over the phone and again, thought everything was good to go. Until I got ANOTHER call clarifying another detail I had given the lady the first time I called.  The cake order wasnt difficult so I was a little confused at why it took multiple calls to get the details straight.  After all this, when we picked it up the next day, I was sure it would perfect.  I was wrong.  It was still tasty but the cake was wrong (I asked for chocolate, it was white) and the staff were VERY rough around the edges.  They even brought out the small picture to show (again) that they didnt know how to open an emailed photo. Chef came out and greeted me and was very friendly, nice and excited so I probably wont write this place off completely but for a custom cake order, I'd suggest someplace else simply because of the incompetence in the customer service department.
4	What a great find.  This is a great little bakery with excellent food and even better service.  The lady at the counter is very sweet and always greets my 3 year-old daughter with a small cookie.The pastries and bread are outstanding.  The bread options change day-to-day. There is also a great variety of "day old" bread to choose from.If you are near by, stop in.  You won't be disappointed.
5	This place is amazing! Good pricing, great service and to die for pastries, you can't go wrong!
3	It was my first time to visit this shop today. I have ordered chocolate whoopie pie, princess cake and pistachio cheese cake. Whoopie pie was the best out of three. Chocolate bread was very moist with light whipped cream. The other two were kinda sweet to me.
4	4 1/2 stars from me!I discovered this delight of a bakery on a recent trip where I attended a car show in Downtown Henderson.  They had me at the chocolate croissant.  The relationship was deepened by the ham and cheese croissant.  But I declared my undying love after having the orange cranberry muffin.  The icing on the cake was a cookie my friend gave me from a bag of assorted cookies.I was so in love with this place that I seriously considered driving out there from the south end of the Strip the morning I was flying home to bring stuff back for my friends, but decided against it because I didn't have any room to carry anything else on the plane.Besides the good eats, the owner and workers were a delight as well.  I just wish there wasn't 2,700 miles between us!
4	My son and I went here for one of our Saturday adventures! It smelled so yummy inside! The Chef stuck his head out to make sure we were all ok and the girl working the counter gave my son a small cookie while we decided. We got a cheese danish,a bear claw and a cherry chip coffee cake! All were so good, but I will say that was one of the best cheese danishes I have ever had, but all of them were sooo good! I can not wait to go back!
5	What an amazing find! Im all about customer service and this place will have my loyalty as a customer. Chef Fleming's creations are super delicious! You can tell he loves what he does and that comes through in the way his cakes, breads and pastries taste. And the place is so cute and cozy, it has a small town bakery ambiance. I will be going back.Ps: I ordered a dozen of cupcakes and didn't expect any decorations because it was a last minute order. In fact I went and bought some cupcake toppers to finish them myself. When I came to pick them up I was stunned by what chef made. He went out of his way and created the cutest dinosaur decorations on our cupcakes! Amazing! Thank you chef Fleming :)
4	The best cherry Danish I've ever had. Even thinking of it now is making me hungry! I like that this bakery is really close to my house but I wish they were open Sundays. Everything in the bakery looks delicious and it's always a tough decision( the Danish always seems to win though). The staff is a hit or miss though sometimes really friendly and sometimes they can't seem to crack a smile. Either way the pastries make up for everything.
5	Yes, we finally dropped by Chef Fleming's on a Saturday at 1:30ish and super glad to have found cheese danishes still behind the case.After hearing so many good things about this bake shop from Nelson and Sylvia, and the reviews on Yelp, I have bookmarked this shop.  -cheese danish:  Most popular pastry.  We were lucky that day that the bake shop didn't run out.  It was good.  Lived up to expectation.-several cream puffs mountain stacked, covered in chocolate:  Ok, there is a super fancy name for this but I cannot remember for the life of me.  This was very fun to pull apart.  Bonus is that it was delicious too.-white cake with buttercream frosting cupcake:  I saved this for dessert that evening.  I love buttercream..enough said.-chocolate whoopie pie:  Nice creamy white filling sandwiched between moist chocolate cake...I will come back early in the morning one day to taste the pastries when it comes right out of the oven, that's for sure.  To think how delicious they already are in the afternoon makes my mouth water of imagining how it would taste right out of the oven.
4	I went by early in the am on my way to work and got a cheese danish and a bear claw. I didn't mean to eat both myself, really but at least I spaced it out by eating one for breakfast and one for lunch!I have told a lot of people about this place and the next day my boss stopped and got pastries..and he did share..hahah..So yum..
4	It all looks great! We tried a cinnamon roll (buttery frosting), a cannolli (rich!), a cheese Danish, and a bear claw (my favorite). No milk to drink was the only negative. Do your self a favor if you have a car and come visit here instead of staying on the strip.
5	I was introduced to this bakery last October on my birthday by my son who graduated from the culinary school where Chef Flemming used to teach at. My son brought me a box of assorted pastries - whoopie pies, cream puffs...and more. Oh, the goodness in that box!! There was no need for a birthday cake that day - the entire family enjoyed the deliciousness of it all!We were so impressed by the pastries - and my sons talk of the fabulous cakes Chef makes - that when my grandson's birthday rolled around the following month, we ordered his birthday cake from the bakery. It was fabulous!! Marble cake with a chocolate ganache icing. Everyone loved the way it tasted and how moist it was. And my grandson absolutely loved the fireman decorations on top!!We will definately be making more trips to the bakery for pastries and will always order our celebration cakes from the Chef.
5	Napoleons. I've never had one until I had one of Chef Flemming's creations. I make no apologies, I licked my fingers. I wasted nothing. And then I had a buttercreme  cupcake on top of that and left with a smile so big my face hurt. I went back on Saturday morning and bought more pastries and bear claws and brought them home. Other than the ones I carefully hid the rest of them evaporated in under 5 minutes, the only evidence of their arrival was a few left over crumbs and several huge smiles. Even the jaded people over here fell hard for Chef Flemming's pastries. Chef Flemming's Bake Shop is located 1 block South of Lake Mead and Water St. at the entrance to downtown Henderson. It's a small place, if you're not paying attention you might miss it. And you would really be missing out on something very special. Let me put it this way, I have fallen head over heels for this place. I got to meet the Chef himself briefly, nice guy. He's got a staff that takes care of customers without attitude, and he's got a wide selection of things to try. Breads, pies, cupcakes, pastries, brownies, on and on it goes. His pastries have been perfect, light, flaky,  not overly done with sugary excess, it's just pastries and baking the way it should be. You can't really put it in words. You taste it, you know it. You understand when you bite into his wonderful creations that this is the real thing. 5 Stars based on repeat visits, and an impression that only gets better with every bite I get of the Chef's wonderful creations. Fresh rye and pumpernickel bread? Apple pies? Buttercream cupcakes? Oh man, I'm looking at moving elsewhere in the Vegas valley but the Chef is making me think twice about leaving Henderson!Edit: They have yet to hang their 2012 Review-Journal Best of Las Vegas banner, it's sitting in the side room. But there's no doubt why they earned it.
5	Love this place. I'm a huge desserts fan and this place has them down pat--cookies, donuts, cupcakes, napoleons, various other deliciousness awaits you. They bake different breads every day and I have had a couple different loaves. Unfortunately I can never eat the whole loaf before it goes moldy--they are freshly baked, after all. I would recommend going out of your way to come here--it's that yummy!
3	They have unique pastries...a lot of the stuff they sell are something you don't see at other places.  My friend and I ordered the pistachio cheesecake, chocolate whoopie pie, rum ball and danish with whipped creme and custard (the day's special).  Everything was good but  I had an over-expectation seeing yelp and they did not amaze me at all.   Everything is reasonably priced and the employees are friendly.
5	For weeks, I've been trying to make it to this place because of the reviews.  I'm always either working or I keep forgetting.  When I do remember, it's a Sunday and they're not open :( What brought me there yesterday was the fact that my washer couldn't hold both of the comforters so I went to the local laundry mat across the street.  I thought to myself, this was the first opportunity!The place was situated in the middle of a very odd strip mall.  There's a loan office, computer repair shop and other different services.  When you walk in, you're treated to a very humble, very quaint bakery shop, glass cases filled with edible treats and a shelf space by the door with locally baked breads.  SO COOL!  Go through the painted stone archway and there's ample seating for you to enjoy your baked goods.  I thought this was such a cute place in the middle of old Henderson!  What I really like is their tip jar that says, "Sexy People Tip."  Great eye catching statement.  Certainly made me want to tip.Today, I decided to splurge with my favorite treats for my first visit:  Cheese Danish, Canoli and Sugar Free Elcair, all coming out to about $7.00.  Here's what I thought:Cheese Danish:  If I had gotten there early in the morning, I would have fell in love!  Although I still enjoyed it, I could tell it had been sitting out for some time (I couldn't blame them, as it was 3pm).  The cheese wasn't as "melt in your mouth" kind of texture.  It was a little hard because of sitting out, but I KNOW that when made fresh, this pastry would be BOMB.  Powdered sugar tops the treat and nothing beats homemade bread!Canoli: Loved it!  The outer shell was crispy and light!  The filling was sweet and so delicious with chocolate chips.  Top it off with powdered sugar and you got me begging for more!Sugar free eclair:  Probably my personal favorite of the three pastries I had!  First off, the custard was PERFECT!  As I sit here writing this review, I can't help but finish off the half I saved from yesterday!  The milk chocolate top coating was thick and made for a crunchy hard shell for the eclair.  They added some slivered almonds on the top which helped enhance the overall texture, not to mention it looked pretty :)Trust me, this place is worth coming back to again and again.  What originally caught my eye was the fact that this place got an overall 4 1/2 stars which stood out, being in the middle of Water st.  What will keep me coming back are the pastries.  Certainly worth it and I KNOW you will love it too!
5	I went for a visit to my friends house for breakfast and what a surprise they had this array of pastries for us to snack on with our coffee. They then told me about how they always go to Flemming's Bake Shop to get yummies to take over to parties and such.I couldn't stop eating them!! I seriously ate 4 eclairs! After our visit I headed straight for this bake shop to pick up some goodies to take home for the hubby to try. He wasn't disappointed. I live in Summerlin but will make the drive for special occasions. I only wish I knew about this little gem much much sooner!
4	My family came here to sample some of what downtown has to offer. I love to eat baked goods. We had a few choc cupcakes for the kids, and a custard thing. I don't recall the name but it was really good. I have to compare it to my fave bake shop in San Jose and they aren't quite hitting that mark yet, so I had to go with four stars. I'm sure the more things I try here, the more I will love it.
5	We ordered our Wedding Cake from Chef Flemming for an in-suite wedding in a hotel on the strip.  It was fantastic!  We provided him with a design that we liked, and he nalied it.  In addition, the cake was delicious.  We had a 3 tier cake for 60 people.  We chose 2 different types of cake/filling/icing flavors (1 for the bottom tier, 1 for the top two tiers).  The cake was delivered on time, and it looked fantastic.  Everyone was blown away by the pefect Las Vegas wedding design.  As if all of those things weren't enough, the price was amazing.  We compared the price with a couple of other options in Las Vegas, and Chef Fleming came in at less than half of those other options.  If you need someone to create a cake for you in Vegas, don't hesitate to call Chef Flemming.
5	What a revelation. I just had the best bite of food ever! I had a bite of the pistacio cheesecake and it knocked my socks off, literally. It is not too sweet and so creamy and smooth. The serving is a little decieving at first because it is in the shape of a small circular chocolate covered thing. When you break through the delicate chocolate, that's when your heart will begin to palpitate! Its so delish!
5	I have been waiting to visit this place and today, I gladly can say that it was worth the trip. Great customer service and Chef Flemming himself greeted my baby as well. Their Napoleon and strawberry cream puff is a must to try. Although,  I wanted the cheese Danish, it was already later in the afternoon, and they had ran out. I have a reason to drive there again and again for their great and tasty bakeries!
5	Awesome bakery.  Everything i have tried has been fantastic.  I even take things out of state when I visit family because it is so good.  I would recommend anything with marzipan as it is very flavor full.
5	My birthday cake was awesome! Thank you so much!
5	Ohhh I knew I was in big trouble when I stepped in this place! Their showcase is packed full of different and unique sweet treats to choose from. Only place I know that has a killer Pistachio Cheesecake that's so dreamy rich.  Their Princess Cake is a first for me as well. Inside the filling is a whipped cream, custard, rum and raspberry jam and it's icing is  a thick layer of green marzipan. It tastes H E A V E N L Y! ...and St Benar! Ready for this?? Macaroon soaked in rum with mousse filling covered with a layer of ganache! I'm told they sell fast so maybe get there earlier in the day.  There is  also good bargains on day old bakery goodies bagged up against the wall there. They have a variety of fresh baked bread there too, but since I skip out on eating breads I dont know how they are, but from the baked bread smell that emanates from them, Im betting it's very good as well. The ladies who work there are helpful and cool! The "Sexy People Tip" tip jar made me laugh. I wouldn't had found this place it were not for the bakery sign they have out on the sidewalk and the recommendation I got from talking with the owner from Islanders Grill. Thank goodness for local businesses that support each other. Lots of hidden gems in the Water St. Dist.
5	amazing bakery,everything is always fresh. the staff and the chef are amazing people. Always great service when you go there.
5	My favorite Bakery in Henderson. Excellent pastries, cookies, and bread. I try something different every time I'm there. So far my favorites are the chocolate rum balls, almonds danish roll, macaroons, and eclairs. There's something for everyone's taste buds. :) Next time I will order a chocolate cake. I highly recommend this bakery...please do try.
5	I would move to Henderson for this bake shop! I stopped in yesterday after seeing a client. Wow so many choices. I bought the Italian bread, whoopee pies, tea cookies and cupcakes. The bread was outstanding!! Perfectly crispy crunchy outer layer, perfectly cooked inside. The flavor amazing. This was by far the best I have had since leaving NY. The desserts were so chocolately good. This is the best bakery I have been to. I cannot wait until next month when I am back in Henderson.
5	This is a cute little bakery that I've probably driven by hundreds of times since I work right down the street, but have never stopped in until I read Matt S.'s review on it.  Lots of great offerings for such a small place.  I settled on two Cinnamon Krispys and a lemon bar.  As I was paying, I spied a bag with an assortment of 4-5 large cookies for only $4--darn it, I'll have to come back and get that the next time.
3	A nice staff!
5	I found this wonderful bakery a few weeks ago when doing a yelp search for bakeries in Henderson. This bakery has such a wide variety of beautiful pastries. Not only are they nice to look at they taste great as well.  The cinnamon rolls are to die for. When you heat them up a little they just melt in your mouth. The tea cookies are so fresh and light I dare you to try to eat less than 6 per sitting. The cream boller is nice and flaky and everything is made with care. Just the right amount of sweet. The almond paste in the bearclaw is the best I have tasted. Chef Flemming and his team do a great job and their friendly staff make me happy to come back. See you next week.
5	Chef Flemings made my wedding cake a few years ago. It was the most delicious lemon curd I have ever had! I send everyone I know there.
4	Flemming's is one of those places you hear about, but just never quite get to. I live in Centennial and I rarely find myself out in Henderson, let alone old town. My grandma in law is in a rehabilitation center close by, so I thought it was a good idea to drop on by and bring her some yummies too. So far we have visited two afternoons in a row, and will probably continue to visit here so long as she is in this facility so we can bring her some treats to encourage her to eat which means I could potentially not fit through doors in the near future because I can't just sit around pastries and not get anything. First visit we got - Princess - this was very close to a cake from here I had at a birthday party that I embarrassingly made myself sick off of. This was slightly sweeter I think because it's smaller so the ratio is different, but the light fluffy cake, cream, raspberry filling and marzipan combo is a winner. Cream puff- pretty good as far as cream puff goes. This had some raspberry filling in it which wasn't expected. I liked it, but my MIL whom this was intended for does not like raspberry and picked around it. Apple Frangipane Tart- nice tart crust, very light apple flavor and not too sweet. Apricote Frangipane tart - this was sweeter than the apple one since there was a layer of marzipan on the top. It was filled with buttery cake and apricot jam, not all fruit. Decent but I wasn't a fan of the ratios of ingredients only because this wasn't a shallow type tart but made in a cupcake like pan so the crust was really thick. Still good though. Second visit we got - Red Velvet Whoopie pie - this was just okay. There's this irony hint of flavor that sometimes happens with red velvets that I detect and don't like. Some people can't taste it, but I can and am not a fan. Apple cinnamon crumb cake- I think this is my favorite thing here! It was very moist and buttery, not overwhelming with the spice! This was for gma so I only had a bite, but I wanted to inhale it! Nut bar- The crust of this was nice, but the filling was slightly a bit sweet. The dark chocolate helped with that a bit. I did eat it melted, and I find that many nut bars somehow taste less sweet to me solid/cold? I don't know if that makes a difference here, but probably. Cheese danish- they're famous for these and yes, this was a rather delicious danish. Nicely soft and flaky, good cheese filling. I think this place is quality and I can see why people of Henderson consider this a city gem. I couldn't see myself going across town just to get pastries, but if I'm in the area, it'll be on my short list of tangent stops we need to make.
5	There is really not much I can say here that has not already been said. There is a wide variety of extremely delicious desserts and treats here. It is located in the heart of Hendertucky and has a very small town feel to it, which is somewhat refreshing. I had the Napoleon and Cheese Danish... the desserts were very well balanced and not overly sweet. The staff is always very pleasant and the prices extremely reasonable. Come early as they run out of some of the favorite like the cheese danish quickly.
5	Since my grandma in law is out of the the PT rehabilitation close by here, I think it'll be a long while before I end up at this place again. We went on a final stop here and had some of my favorites of the visits. My review update gets the 5 star bump up! So on my third stop we realized we should have been getting breakfast pastries all the damn time. Yes, they're famous for cheese danishes, but do not pass up the fruit ones either! I loved the blueberry danish. It was perfectly flaky and everything I could want. I hoarded this and I wish I knew and gotten more.  Bear claw- Most are cloyingly sweet, but this one was perfect! I had a favorite childhood place that made these amazingly that sadly closed down and I haven't had one as good until now! We also got turnovers which were pretty good as well. I preferred the cherry over the apple. Just a preference that the cherry went better with the flake texture and I'm partial to berries and stone fruits type pastries. The pistachio cheesecake was sort've a let down in that it didn't taste much like pistachio at all BUT the texture was so fluffy and attractive with the nice chocolate covering that it still turned out to be a yummy, delicate surprise. It reminds me of Japanese style, not so sweet and fluffy cheesecakes. The BF has been hurting for some pie and while apple is his least favorite, we got their whole apple pie to try. Glad we did as the apples weren't so soft, they retained some bite and was a bit tangy while the rest of the filling was not too sweet or cinnamon-y and the crust was very flaky and nice. I liked this a lot as more apple pies to me are sort've, generic tasting even homemade if that makes any sense. They all have that same flavor about them. We got some ice cream at the store and one of the nights I didn't eat dinner - I just ate a honking slice of pie. I don't know when we will be over in these parts again, but when we are I need more danishes, bear claws, crumb cake, pistachio cheese cake and princess cake in my life.
5	We live near Chef Flemming's Bake Shop which is not necessarily a good thing for my hips; however, my attitude is "If I'm going to eat sweets, they better be good sweets!"  The pastries are the best I've had anywhere in the world.  Friends say, "Shouldn't we share one?"  No, we should share two or three.  I love the cheese Danish (more than anything), and my husband's favorite is the cinnamon roll.  The fruit pastries are delectable.My parents were visiting last weekend, and my mother wanted to pick up some things to take home.  I'd never been in on a Monday and discovered something new, Salt Rolls.  These are large, sandwich-sized rolls with an outside crust firm enough to tap on, an inside that looks, feels and tastes like manna from heaven, and a light sprinkling of coarse salt just on the top.  My mother and I took them home and made fresh tuna salad for sandwiches.  It was delightful.  I went back Tuesday and bought the rest (they were now in the day-old basket.)  Chef only makes them on Mondays, but he said he will make them as a special order anytime.  Salt Rolls are my new addiction.  I'm off to buy some Italian cold cuts and good cheese today to surprise my husband with a most magnificent sandwich.  I told Chef Fleming, "This is, like, the best bread ever."  He smiled patiently, as he always does.I love having an impeccable European bakery nearby.  It makes me feel very sophisticated.
4	I had big expectation for this place.  I have been trying to get there ever since I saw the awesome reviews on yelp.  Attended the UYE today.  We popped in and out.I had the cheese danish, my daughter had a chocolate cupcake, and my son had the red velvet cupcake.  My son also got a peanut butter cookie.  I also got a bag of cookies to go.I thought my cheese danish was good.  My son thought his red velvet was the best red velvet he has ever had!  My daughter just licked the frosting off, so it's hard to tell how much she really liked it.This place is really a more in and out type of place.  It's not really for hanging out and eating your yummy finds.  There is only a few days and they only sell coffee and bottled water.  I still want to go back and try a few more of the goods....
4	Usually, I sleep in on Saturdays.. I made an exception to join my fellow yelpers out here.Packed.  I managed to get a box full of goodies and find some seating.  My craving was for a cannoli.  I loved cannoli's and this was very well made.  Not stiff and plenty of cream that's not over sugared.  My second choice was the cherry turnover.  I like it, very flaky and lots of cherry sauce.  I felt the freshness of the pastries.  Seating was plenty and outside as well.  I noticed the other pastries they had, but there was only so much sugar I wanted to consume.  I'll stop by here again in the future.  It is a bit out of the way; I see why some folks don't make it out.Parking is free for all, mainly parallel spots in front of the shop.
4	I have been to Chef Flemming's a few times now.  It took a couple visits to grow on me.  My first visit I looked in the case and nothing really stood out.  Usually my problem is wanting everything.  I think I was expecting something different.  I finally decided on a raspberry whoopee pie and a cannoli.  The whoopee pie was good but the cannoli not so much.  I've been back a few times since and have had more hits than misses.  Cheese danish and cinnamon rolls are good as are the whoopie pies.  Pistachio cheesecake was just ok, didn't really taste much pistachio.  Overall it is a good local bakery.  The counter girls could be nicer and more helpful.  If you have things like a frog cake with no description expect people to ask what is in them.  They seem to be annoyed that you don't know.
5	Love this place! Quaint little bake shop, have tried lots of different items and have yet to be disappointed. It's refreshing to have a nice, LOCAL, small business to support in this land of conglomerates. Try the pistachio cheesecake...to die for!
5	Super delicious. Loved the cheese Danish, it had perfect texture and was not too flaky like most Danishes that often crumble before you can get bite. It was stuffed with cheese. I also had the sugar free chocolate cannoli.  Delicious!!!! This place looks very plain and is in a bit of a run down area, but the craftsmanship and integrity of the pastries are superior.
4	I've been here a few times, but I always forget to check in! One of my more favorite bakeries in Clark County. The selection is very nice, having things you will not find at other bakeries like the Princess cake or bread pudding (This chef use to work at the Golden Nugget so if you were a fan of the bread pudding there, you'll be a fan here). I come in weekly to grab challah to make small sandwiches for my friends, they always have it for me. Staff is very nice and will tell you about any of the products. Very cozy area to eat your pasties in shop if you'd like.
5	My daughter had a  two tired cake for her 16th birthday the top layer was marble cake with chocolate mousse filling, the bottom layer was red velvet cake. Superb and kudos to chef flemming!!!
3	I have to be honest - nothing here looked very appetizing at first glance...not "bad", just not interesting.  But I came in for a cheese Danish and a cheese Danish I had.  It was a bit late in the morning so it seemed a tad dry, a problem easily solved with just a touch of butter melted on top when I got it home.  And oh it was yummy!  Loaded with cheese, not too flaky, not too heavy, wonderful flavor and texture.  I grew up a couple blocks from a bakery/donut shop and this place didn't live up to my childhood memories of the smell and appearance of those delicious pastries, but I do find myself in the area from time to time and will probably stop in again.  The whoopee pies and the chocolate chip muffins were calling out to me.  Most everything else looked very "casino buffet" and I was just expecting more of a "hometown bakery" feel.  Service could have been friendlier (don't people smile in this town??)
5	Merely saying Chef Flemming's Bake Shop is the best bakery in Nevada is a huge understatement. As a supporter of local eateries, I'm proud to have something so great so close to home. Chef bakes up some of the best pastries I've ever had ranging from decadent nut rolls with almond paste, Napoleons, fruit-filled cream puffs, Danishes to Raspberry Marzipan. Chef is certainly a leader of the old school bake style as well as an innovator. The staff are always pleasant and treat every customer as if they were at home. Chef also takes the time to break away from his kitchen to greet his customers with a big smile and 'Good Morning/Afternoon' in what appears to be his foreign accent. Thank you Chef for sharing your gift with everybody here in Henderson and Las Vegas.
3	Haven't eaten since breakfast and saw this place on yelp. Got myself a red velvet cupcake and a cheese danish (fatty attack =P) and both were what-evs.
2	I really wanted to like this bakery. I'm a huge fan of small businesses.My friend and I stopped in today after checking out The Purple Monkey art store just down the street. We wanted to get a cup of coffee and treat to celebrate her birthday.While the space was cute and quaint, the coffee looked like it had been sitting for quite a while and they did not offer any lattes or espresso. So we decided to head to The Coffee Cup down the street but not before grabbing a tasty treat to-go.I wan't that impressed with the selection but decided to get some cookies for my sons. They didn't look as 'good' as Freed's but I assumed they'd be bakery-delicious.The problem came when my friend tried to buy 2 large cookies with her debit card. She was told there was a $5 minimum. Fine, so she added 2 more cookies to her order. We were then given a lecture by the clerk about how expensive it was for the bakery to take debit or credit cards, "it costs us hundreds of dollars a month in fees."Yes, I'm aware of the fees. My husband and I own a business. We factor those fees into our prices. NEVER would be try to guilt a customer into paying with cash.As we were leaving the same clerk answered a phone call and proceeded to GO OFF on the potential customer on the other end, telling them they were SWAMPED with Christmas orders and in no way could accommodate her request...I can't even chalk this experience up to a long day of customer service (been there, done that) as it was 10:30am. And to top it off, the cookies were bland at best and definitely not worth $6.99 for a half a pound.Sadly, I won't be back. I'll drive to Freed's where the goodies are delicious and the customer service is EXCELLENT.
5	Items Selected:Red Velvet CupcakeBear ClawCheese DanishCustard DanishCinnamon RollApple Cinnamon Crumb CakeCream BollerGolden Raisin Bread PuddingCinnamon CrispyLocated to the southeast, as far out in Henderson as I've ventured to date, Chef Flemming's European Bakery is undoubtedly a trek from Summerlin but with plenty of good press backing the chef's goods a decision to visit the small bakery persisted even when my original impetus to be in the area cancelled - the one hour round trip costing me a couple gallons of gas and $19.50 for nine pastries of superior quality and craftsmanship every bit worth the time and effort.  A 'mom 'n pop' outfit to say the least it was only the chef and 'his lady' that I encountered in the course of my thirty minute stay and with stories and suggestions aplenty an order was patched together from personal favorites and chef's favorites, the latter mostly what was warm from the oven and each item save for a slightly dry cupcake impressive.  From the nutty, laminated bearclaw to creamy bread pudding and a cream boller marrying concepts of a croissant and a Religeuse with its two types of cream half of each item was cut and sampled with the second half reserved for a friend and while deciding on a favorite is a difficult task I think the deciding factor was one of temperature; the buttery cinnamon roll with frosting still runny versus the custard Danish, still warm with a jiggly sweet center not unlike a Portuguese egg tart - itself an impetus to visit Henderson again soon.
4	I had read the good reviews on Yelp but I'm rarely in the area except to pass through.  Yesterday, I stopped for breakfast one block away and I decided to get some pastries to bring home.I got something that would stay in the car while I was biking and hiking.  There was so much to choose from.  I got a bag of Christmas butter cookies and a poppy seed strudel.  Poppy seed rolls was one thing my mother-in-law always served at Christmas so this was an easy pick,The cookies are great and the strudel is very good.  The pastry around the poppy seed is so tasty and it just cracks away.  My wife thinks it's too sweet.  I think it's very good.I will make a point to make the detour here another time.  I need to try some more of their goodies!
5	This place is amazing, as good as everyone says. Their cheese danish are the best I've had in Las Vegas, they remind me of the high end bakeries in Beverly Hills that I used to go to. (I didn't live in Beverly Hills, just close by it) They're very flaky and the cheese filling is perfect, not too sweet. I'm not a big sweets person, so I only go to the bakery, at most, twice a year. But Yelping is a serious job, so I'll have to go more often. On my last visit I was reminded how good this place is. This time I got four cookies and they've all been AMAZING. Yes, all capitals, it was that good, every one of them. I don't like Peanut butter cookies but his are the best, so crisp and yummy. Chocolate chip cookies are bomb (but there's no such thing as a bad chocolate chip cookie). The snickerdoodle and the oatmeal raisin were great too (and I hate raisins)! There was another Swedish treat I got but I forgot the name. It had an amazing brown suger crust and soft custard inside. It was good but not my favorite. Bread pudding rivals the best in Las Vegas. Very flavorful, not too much bread, more like a custard.5+ stars for always amazing me, everything in the store is great. Thanks Chef Flemmiing!
5	AMAZING ECLAIRS! They are the best eclairs I've had in Henderson. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes baked goods.
5	This place is the real deal and worth going out to downtown henderson just to go to. I've only been once, but everything I ordered was delicious and exactly like the bakeries back home in New York. The woman working the counter was really knowledgeable and helpful as well, which is a huge plus for me at any business. I will definitely be back.
5	Love this place. Their selection of treats, breads & pastries is on point. My favorites are their muffins, crumb  cakes & cheese Danish. They also have a cart of yesterday's items for a discounted price. They alive their loafs of bread for you as well. The older woman working the counter was a sweetheart. I'll always be back
4	Great little place to stop by if you want authentic Danish baked goods!  The chef is strait out of Denmark!  He was even kind enough to come and talk with us.  I bought about 5 different items and all were well worth the price!  Not too expensive and super delicious!
4	Was in the Hendertucky area so I gotta take advantage of one of my bookmarks and it definitely did not disappoint!I was greeted by a nice lady as soon as I came in. I told her that I was a first timer and that  I was gonna need a few minutes. She smiled and said there was no rush. Right away I felt comfortable being there.While looking over all the wonderful creations they made, she explained to me that the items on the left side were refrigerated and needed to be consumed right away or put in a fridge if you are going home at once. The ones on the right can be stored at room temperature.So I went with the Cannoli and the Blueberry Crumb Cake. I havnt had a good Cannoli in a while and it was a supposed refrigerated item so down the pipe it went. The Blueberry Crumb Cake was gone as soon as I brought it home. Both were delicious and the family was wondering why I didn't get more than I should.Overall, I liked what I saw and ate. Some negative things to mention would be that the parking is limited to the street and just the fact that its kind of drive to Hendertucky coming from North Las Vegas. If you are in the area, it's a nice stop for you sugar addicts.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #93
5	I'm normally not a person with a sweet tooth, but Chef Flemming's made me change my mind. I've been driving by this little bakery since I moved to Henderson. I love local business's like this. They have two cases filled with the most beautiful and delectable pastries you could ever want. Every time I go in I find it hard to pick what I want. It really all looks so good! I was super excited to find out they also have sugar free items. (SCORE!) Not only do they have tasty sweet treats, they also make some excellent bread. I have to say that the one I had was one of the best baguettes of my life! It was perfect. The crust was hard and the center was perfectly moist and fluffy. It was the kind of baguette that you bite into, but you are not covered in crumbs after. I also have tried their Rye bread which they bake on Fridays. Ok, now on to the sweets! The Macaroons. Oh, the Macaroons! If this is not just the perfect bite of food I don't know what is. I chose a pink one and it was filled with raspberry preserves and the cookie itself was so moist and sweet, but not too sweet. I could eat a truck load of these things. I also really love the Fruit Tart. It too was not overly sweet. (Which I found out is because they are a European bakery.)  It was filled with a vanilla custard and basted with chocolate on the rim of the crust. What a great pairing! If you want to get a sweet treat to impress someone, I'd defiantly be stopping in here. From their cookies, to their Danishes, they all look and taste amazing! Their bread is also very impressive. If you are cruising Water Street make sure you visit this little gem!
5	What a great find Chef Flemming's Bake Shop is for me..I am living in Henderson 4 years and never knew about this bakery..My grandson comes all the time now with his friends and I so love this Bakery also..I'm Italian and I have to say they make a wonderful Cannoli..And the bread is to die for...Thank You Chef Flemming...
5	I learned of this place only because of a single cake made by this bakery for my employer. The cake was just about the best cake I had ever eaten - chocolatey, coconutty, and chocolate-moussey goodness! So I decided to stop in and check it out! Located on Water Street in Henderson this place could be missed if you blink. Parking can be a challenge on busy days but isn't too bad, really. The bakery is a small, two-room area with bakery cases showcasing the delectable treats they have for sale. With the help of the staff, I tried the tiramisu (which comes in it's own little cup), a rum roll that was covered in marzipan and dipped in chocolate on both ends (and for the life of me I can't remember the name of it) and a fruit tart. Each item was both beautiful and delicious! The tiramisu tasted like espresso, whipped heavy cream, and sugar mixed with heaven. The rum roll was my favorite, and the chocolate inside was rich and the rum paired heavenly with the raspberry flavor. The fruit tart I didn't get to eat, because my vegetarian daughter inhaled it before I got a bite, which is incredible (she is a VERY picky eater)!Everything here is amazing. A true-blue European bakery, and reasonable prices. It's a beautiful thing!
5	I've been coming here nearly 3 years and love the homemade variety of yummy treats. The staff and Chef are always friendly and helpful!
5	Everything I have eaten has been delicious and reasonably priced. My favorite is the blueberry Danish. The chef and the ladies upfront are very friendly.
5	This has been my go-to shop for over 5 years. The quality is always top notch! The selections fresh...and the staff is welcoming. I love the unique flavor of the European desserts. They are not too sweet, just right. The bread is always tasty too!
5	Happened across this spot on an exploratory drive. Incredible value along with top-notch pastries.
5	Never had bad service. I have been going here since it opened. Chef made my groom's cake, plenty of birthday cakes, and constantly can cheer up a rainy day with mouth watering sweets! My favorites are the red velvet, fruit tarts, fresh breads, and anything he does Pistacio... Check it out and you won't be disappointed.
4	Interesting European-style bakery not too far off Lake Mead Blvd (the Henderson version). Not sure why it hasn't so much as been on my radar until this year, but I finally made the trip out. They proudly display the Danish flag on their business card, which I didn't realize doubles as a stamp card until I got home. Everything I got was in the $2 to $3.15 range.Apple cinnamon crumb cake: favorite for sure, moist and sweet, loved the crumbsApple frangipane: great soft but crunchy apple, plentiful almond flavor, nice tart-like shell. Surprised that nobody has written about this.Bread pudding (cold item): it actually has a nice custard on the bottom, with bread pudding on top, a few delicious raisins and a dusting of cinnamon. Light on sweetness, but still enjoyable for me.Blueberry muffin: very buttery dough, almost like pound cake. Feels like a marginal improvement over the Costco variety for me though, with a more than marginal price increase.Cherry turnover: nice flaky and crunchy pastry, nice filling with juicy cherries, but it definitely could've used more filling.Cheese danish: pretty tasty, nice dusting of powdered sugar, but not really enough cheese for my liking.Maybe my perceived issues with fillings are stylistic differences. Still, I was just impressed, not utterly blown away. I'll be back to try a few more things, especially those cookies and the day-old items. It is certainly worth a visit if you're into any of these baked goods.
5	Chef Flemming recently made a Wedding cake for my Daughter and new Son-in-law and I am sooo glad I chose his bakery to make it. We had 75 people at the reception and EVERYONE raved about how good the cake was, and how beautiful it looked. I'd also like to mention that he charged me half of what another well known local bakery wanted. Their choices were from a book in their store. He customed made my cake using nothing but a picture I found on Pinterest. If you are looking for an excellent bakery with an outstanding chef, call or Email them, you will not be disappointed. Best cake I've ever had. P.S. He also made us 2 dozen cupcakes to match. Excellent Bakery!!
5	Thanks to other yelpers whose reviews encouraged me to check this place out.  Everything I've purchased has been absolutely wonderful - Italian and Rye breads, muffins, broitchen (dinner rolls), and danish so far.  Was happy to see it featured in November's Desert Companion as well.
5	Excellent bakery and very good service.  I can't wait to try the cherry pie (pie filling not from a can)!!!!!!!!!!  :)
1	Don't understand how anyone could give this place anything more then one star for the simple fact of attitude. The food is ok, that's worth the one star. But the people in this place are so RUDE. They need to take some anger management lessons. No matter what you go in there for you get an attitude. My suggestion is go in don't look at anybody that works there don't ask any questions or think your able to buy anything on display. They get very upset and nasty with you if you buy something from the case that they have to replace.
