4	Took a couple friends on the Grand Canyon Picnic.   I got the information below straight from their website.  The expereince was quite amazing and unforgettable.  I guess it should be for the price but luckily it was on them.  I got to play tour guide and translator.  Good times.  "Grand Canyon Picnic - ($364 per person + $35.00 fee) ""Fly into the depths of this incredible wonder that nature has created. Land deep inside the Grand Canyon for a champagne picnic below the canyon rim. Tour includes low level flight over Lake Mead, Hoover Dam, extinct volcanoes. Conclude with an exciting view of the Las Vegas strip."(3 hrs and 30 minutes hotel to hotel)
5	My Fiance and I took the tour of the Grand Canyon on 10/15/08.  It was an incredible experience from beginning to end.  The staff of Sundance was very professional. They called a couple days before the tour to reconfirm our pick up point and time.  The limo was absolutely beautiful and the driver was excellent.  He even offered to take our picture next to the limo.  The pilot was outstanding.  He could not have been a better guide.  Headphones in the aircraft provided music which made it even more majestic as we flew over the mountains of hills headed for the canyon.  He fielded questions from us all and took us to a beautiful spot where we landed and had our champagne lunch.  I would highly reccommend this trip to anyone that wants to see the canyon.  It was topped off by a flight down the strip.  I will always treasure the pictures and video I got that day.
5	We love to check out all the things here in Las Vegas..  We love to pig out at all the fancy high class restaurants too...      Well...why not enjoy yourselves like the high rollers for a night or two...duuuuh..    Then, of course....my bright idea...I ask my friend to go on this helicopter ride...   It was like trying to bathe a cat..   He finally gave in..when I said, I'd pay for it....aaaah, what  are friends for...right?    That helicopter ride was cool, and  we got a great tour down the strip and back...      I think we were short-changed a little...because it wasn't really that long for the money..   Shoulda deducted one star for short flight...but...Oh well......        The pilot was cool.....just our money dissappeared in thin air...
5	Awesoem company....great service. Flew with them thanksgiving weekend 2007....will return to use them again soon.
5	Wow... this was an amazing once in a life time experience.  We flew over the Hoover Dam, landed in the Grand Canyon and even buzzed the strip.  The views were spectacular.  You should go.  Thankfully I didn't pay for it!Sit in the front if you have the option... I got to on the way out but not on the way back.  Its a much more amazing experience from the front seat!
5	All of the concierges seem to carry Maverick brochures which have a hefty markup. It turns out that Maverick pays the hotels a higher percentage to recommend them. Luckily, I do not fear finding my deals on the internet and soon realized that Sundance was offering the same tours of the Grand Canyon for $100 less! The views were fabulous and our pilot was well informed, skilled & friendly. Even the cheaper helicopters have a decent view from all seats.
4	Maybe one day you'll find a golden ticket from Willy Wonka, then during the chocolate factory tour ingratiate yourself with the eccentric onfectionaire  and be offered a ride in his Great Glass Elevator.  But if that doesn't work out, or you can't wait,  $200 buys you second best: a 35 minute sunset helicopter tour of Las Vegas and the Hoover Damm by Sundance Helicopters. The feeling of helicopter flight is as delicious as anything Willy Wonka could cook up. The desert and Hoover Dam lit by the setting sun are gorgeous, and the the Las Vegas strip viewed at night from the air no less  spectacular than an ever-lasting gobstopper. Sonny, our pilot, was knowledgeable, skillful, and as patient with the unending stream of questions from my five year old nephew as any of Wonka's Oompa-Loopas could be. He even pumped our music through the copter PA.    The A-Star helicopter we rode in was smooth as silk, completely stable, nearly free of vibration and quiet enough to talk without using the provided  headsets. They also offer an upgrade to their slightly larger Eurocopter 130 for an extra $35/person. Niggles  Willy Wonka had his flaws, and I'm afraid that Sundance is also not without its imperfections * The safety video describes what to do in case of an "unplanned preventive landing in water." Sorry, guys, there's no prize for Best Attempted Euphemism. And it's OK - you can say "emergency landing" or even "ditch." We get this is an aircraft.* When we arrived at the terminal the front desk staff was focused on some tempest-in-a-teapot booking drama  and treated our presence as an interruption. They did better later, but for the $600 our party was spending they could have been a little more welcoming. * There was a bit of  confusion with flight length. Their online reservations people had told me it was a 50 minute flight. The limo driver who picked us up said 30 minutes. In fact its 35 minutes, which was fine. Hints* There isn't a bad seat in the house, but the back left (behind the pilot) is the best place to sit - it offers an extra view of Las Vegas on the outbound leg of the trip.* if you are hosting your favorite sumo wrestler, be prepared to pay extra.  They ask for your weight when taking the reservation, and then weigh everyone at check-in. On the A-Star helicopter you bust weight at  275 pounds, on the EC 130 its 300 pounds. In either case, the extra charge is $30. * With Sundance you should reserve 4-5 days in advance. However, you can cancel up to 24 hours before flight with no penalty. * If you want a longer flight, or are hankering to go to the Grand Canyon, Sundance offers a variety of packages in the $400-$500/person  range, all some variation on fly to the canyon by helicopter, land inside the rim, and do an activity -picnic, rafting, hiking, and then take the helicopter back. See http://www.sundancehelicopters.com/tours.aspx for details.* Don't forget to tip your pilot.Quick summary of Las Vegas air tour optionsNote: There are other operators that only do longer tours (mostly to the Grand Canyon), but I think the below are it for shorter 'Las Vegas from the air' tours.* Sundance - $200/35 minute tour, includes roundtrip transportation between hotel and hanger. They suggest reservations four or more days in advance. These can be cancelled up to 24 hours before flight time without penalty. * Stars and Stripes Air Tours http://starsandstripesair.com/  currently offering a $99 for a 15 minute ride special (normally $120), includes roundtrip ground transport to and from hotel. Their website also mentions a 90 minute $600 'pilot training' that looks like a blast. They say same day reservations are usually OK. Confusingly, they also do business under the name Las Vegas Helicopter. * Maverick http://www.maverickhelicopter.com/vegasnites.php $99 for 10 minutes, ground transport not included. Same day reservations usually OK.What happens in Vegas is supposed to stay in Vegas, but I'm bring my Sundance memories with me - I want to treasure them for a long time.
4	Even with 40 mph gusts, rain and lightning, we went...it was a birthday surprise...a bumpy birthday surprise.  But we were fascinated by the experience, having never ridden in a helicopter.  I'm the one that's typically turbulence traumatized...he's the brave one.  But somehow, I managed to be the stronger of the two of us this time.  The ride out to the Dam was bumpy and warm, fortunately about the time we all began to get a little uneasy, the pilot found his a/c button and turned it on(!), and that eased all of our nerves and our systems.  After we turned around at the dam, we headed back to Vegas, to Fremont, hung a left and took in the strip from northern end to southern end.  It was gorgeous at night.  The rain made everything sparkle.  The photographs I took, few in focus, actually felt like art shots...(it was vEr..y...Bu..mPPppyYY...)   But once on the ground again, and after we got our bearings, all was right with the world.  But note, if you don't do rollercoasters well, you might make sure you've got a clear, cool, windless day to try your first flight...
5	Loved it Loved it Loved it!!!!!  While it was pricey at a little over 200 hundred for two people and only lasted about 15 minutes, it was worth every penny, and I'd do it again in a heart beat.  My husband and I did the city lights tour and it was amazing.  So beautiful.  Our pilot was really cool and funny as well.  I think he could tell I was nervous.  I don't normally like to fly (in airplanes that is) or heights in general, but he put us all at ease and the flight was smooth and steady.  As long as all flights are like the one we took, I think I've officially feel in love with flying in helicopters.
5	My wife and I had an incredible experience with Sundance doing the All-American Grand-Canyon tour, at least once we left the ground.  The day started off on a bad note when our original tour was canceled for maintenance then the limo overheated bringing us to our rescheduled afternoon tour leaving us stranded next to some random apartment complex.  We were rescued by a second limo and made it to the terminal with about 15 minutes to spare.  The flight was amazing.  Even though he didn't look old enough to drive a car, our pilot Marcus did a great job and added a lot to the pre-programmed narration.  We were on the ground in the Canyon for about 30 minutes, which was plenty for me considering it was about 115 degrees.  In my opinion the South Rim is a more impressive experience, but the West Rim (the only part that allows helicopters) is still very impressive.   If you've got a half-day to kill in Vegas I highly recommend you go.  You'll spend about what you'd lose in the same amount of time on a blackjack table and get a lot more for it.  Book via looktours.com to save a bit of money.  Even though the site  doesn't advertise as Sundance, your confirmation letter will have Sundance listed.
4	Very cool and was a nice break from losing money at roulette.I went with five friends and we did the helicopter tour of the grand canyon with a champagne picnic lunch. Limo picked us up from our hotel which was a nice touch. On the way there and back via the helicopter the visuals were amazing. I also got excited that I was able to use the microphone to talk to everyone else on the helicopter which annoyed everyone, but amused me.We ended up bringing cups and ping pong balls and played beer pong at the Grand Canyon using the picnic tables. Apparently, according to the pilots, we were the first customers to ever do that (either we're degenerates or awesome..probably both). They land you in a great spot of the Grand Canyon with an awesome view. Overall it was a great time. Really nothing to complain about except maybe the $400 that was spent on it (that included tips for the limo driver and pilot).
5	this is a first class operation all the way. we were picked up at our hotel by a limo exactly at the said time, and it brought us to the sundance location at the airport. we were given a very brief safety video and we were off. there were 6 of us per heli, and there was a caravan of about 5 or 6 helis. we flew over the hoover dam and lake mead on the way to the grand canyon. it took 40 minutes to get to our destination, accompanied by music and commentary about landmarks we were passing. i am extremely prone to motion sickness, but i did not feel at all queasy. it was a very smooth ride. we landed for approx 30 minutes to take pictures and have a quick lunch, consisting of champagne, turkey sandwich, apple slices, and pasta salad. there were waters and sodas available. we took the 9:45am tour, and it was rather warm when we landed, and mark our pilot indicated that it was 10 degrees cooler than normal temps! the views were amazing and though people mentioned that they wished we stayed a little longer, i think the timing was perfect throughout the trip. it was approx a 2 hour trip. on our return, we saw a couple of tour buses on the road, they were still on their way. we are so happy that we did not decide to take the 12 hour bus tour. there was no way they were able to see the GC the way that we did. the views from the helicopter were incomparable and gorgeous! we booked the all-american tour for $269 per person from viator.com, which was supposed to be a 25% discount. yes, there is a $40 per person extra fee for the airport, but i read about it in other yelp reviews and incorporated the cost in the consideration of the tour. we would definitely do this again and recommend it to our friends! can you say AWESOME?!
5	Fantastic ride! JoAnn and I would do it again in a heartbeat. Our Pilot was gracious, the picnic lunch is bit lite, but scenery will blow you away. We flew low, and close- at one point it seemed that we could reah out and brush the canyon walls with our hands. Only caveat, there is a sneaky fuel fee that is extra- 80$ this trip-it changes as fuel prices fluctuate. All in all, don't miss it and bring extra memory cards!
5	During our most recent trip to Las Vegas we decided that instead of seeing a show we would do the helicopter over the strip at night tour.  It was so worth it.  My daughter had been wanting to ride in a helicopter and this was the perfect place to do it.  The staff was professional and very nice.  We paid the extra $15 per ticket for a limo pickup from the hotel which was fun.  I highly recommend this tour for anyone who is looking for something different to do in Las Vegas.
4	I booked a tour through Viator.com.  The experience was exactly as advertised, and really awesome.  I loved as we decended into the canyon, landing on a scenic turning point, with a champagne lunch nonetheless.  We flew right over Vegas coming back, and I wished it had been at night rather than day.Only thing I didn't like....it was me (solo traveler), and a couple and a set of parents with a child.  Add that up, and its 6 seats per helicopter.  (2 in the front, 4 in the back.)  Naturally, I sat in the back at a window on the way out.  The couple got to sit in front going out.  Then, the other 3some took the front, as well as a window seat.  In case you're not following, I got a back window seat going out, and a middle back seat coming back to Vegas.  For $300, I should've had the opportunity to sit in front.  It wasn't even discussed; it was like, I'm by myself, and the couples deserve to experience it before me.  Which sucked.  Which is why you're getting 4 stars.  Other than that, I felt safe, and it was pretty fun.
5	Awesome! I booked the "All American Grand Canyon Helicopter Flight & Canyon Landing" via www.looktours.com and saved about $100. I don't know why it's cheaper to book tours that way, but you can always compare prices with Sundance's site. I booked over the phone one day in advance and there was a fee for that, but limo from hotel to the airport was free. Additional fuel fee of $40 and tips to pilot and driver cannot be avoided.I was in a group with a family of 4 (2 adults, 2 kids) and another single male. Our excellently awesome pilot Marc suggested the seating arrangements, so everyone got a chance to have a window view. Therefore, on the way back I was seating in the front and didn't feel like an idiot who spent several hundred dollars but got squeezed somewhere in the back just because he's not of certain age anymore. Anyway, there's not much room on either seat (2 seat in the front, 4 in the back, and it's tight), pilot tells you a few things here and there, but mostly a pre-recorded narration and music snippets are on. However, that only works until someone starts yammering into the microphone (please don't be that someone). Avoid bringing large backpacks and annoying little children. Though in my case, the group was awesome!The flight was smooth, but that obviously depends on weather, especially its wind part. The flight was early, at 6 am, but it's better to get to the Canyon before noon because the colors are much better than when sun is at zenith. Breakfast consisted of a fruit, croissant, jam, champagne and probably something else, not sure; I was busy admiring the view. And I must say the view is totally worth it! In 4 hours you get to see a lot, experience a helicopter ride, walk inside the canyon... if you're in Vegas on business - don't even think about it; just do it! It's awesome!The airport is near, almost across, from Mandalay Bay, so on the way back I asked the limo driver to drop me off there and enjoyed a lazy Sun morning walk all the way back to Bellagio. Awesome!Marc highly recommended to book in advance, because in season all of Sundance twenty helicopters are full, zig-zagging back and forth non-stop. ...And don't ever ever ever ever touch the door handle. Ever!
5	It was a lot of fun and I really liked the trip. Pretty expensive but, worth seeing for sure. You really appreciate the Grang Canyon when you fly down and land in the middle. Make sure you go to the bathroom before the flight. No bathroom breaks for about 2 and half hours.
5	The original helicopter company has the best landing site and the most experienced pilots.  Sunset tour with champagne picnic was the best and I think the best price with a limo hotel pick up.  Highly recommend.
3	My date and I went on the Vegas strip tour on a Saturday night.  A limousine picked us up at the hotel at 7:20 p.m.  We were the first couple.  The driver picked up three more couples and headed to the airport.The helicopter ride is only about 12 minutes.  The lady who answered the phone when I called to confirm lead me to believe that the tour was 2 hours.  I didn't know that the tour included pick up, drop off and waiting at the airport.The view was awesome.  It was definitely something different.
4	great service, limo pick up at hotel nice little picnic in the Grand Canyon followed by a fly over The Strip. Our pilot Andre was cool. I would recommend this , very well done!!!
3	Fun 3 hour helicopter ride to the Grand Canyon with landing in the canyon for 30 minutes to have a catered lunch. Basic lunch box with sandwiches and champagne. I'm glad I paid a little more to land in the canyon. This made the trip. I didn't find the flight itself all that exciting. I picked up some souvenir rocks from the canyon floor.Landed in Vegas at 8am. Had to kill some time before hotel check-in.Friendly, colorful pilot. Kept us engaged throughout the flight with color commentary.  Made some sharp turns to make the ride a little exciting. Return flight flies over vegas from the Stratosphere to Mandaly Bay.They assign seating based on weight distribution. 2 people sit in the front and 4 in the back. Can get cramped if the riders are big. If you're small and light, you get to sit in the outer window side or front. I guess they put heavier people in the two center back seats to center the weight load. Shared limo pick up and drop-off to/from hotel included.Paid $300 for the ride plus $20 tip for pilot.Worth it to try it out once, but not enticing enough to repeat.
5	I have to admit at first I thought the helicopter rides seemed over priced, but after the experience I had with Sundance I'd have to say it was totally worth it! We went on the Grand Canyon tour. Our pilot, Derek, was wonderful. He was constantly checking on each of us to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. The view alone from the helicopter is amazing, but when you land in the Canyon for lunch it's absolutely spectacular. The other bonus of the helicopter vs. bus trip is that you still get your day back. The tour only takes 3 hours as opposed to 6. When you're only in Vegas for a short time this is the absolute best way to see the Grand Canyon without losing your entire day in transit. I would most definitely recommend Sundance to anyone looking for a helicopter tour.
4	Highly recommend this for anyone who wants a beautiful tour of the Grand Canyon.  The pilot we had was informative and funny.   The only downside of the tour was the time spent inside the canyon.   With all the awesome sights an additional 30 minutes would have been ideal.  It was difficult to go everywhere we wanted in the limited amount of time we had.  Other than that, I would say this is one great tour for anyone that would like to take a helicopter from Las Vegas to the Grand Canyon.
4	If you're in Vegas and you're looking for a quick and easy way to see the Hoover Dam, the Grand Canyon and the Strip, a helicopter tour is the best way to go.  We took the Grand Canyon sunset tour and I still think I made the best choice.There were only four of us in the helicopter so everyone had a great view.  Our pilot, Travis, made sure we felt safe and comfortable and told the cheesiest jokes I ever heard but it was also really obvious that he loved his job.  Flying through the canyon (we were actually below the rim!) was my favorite part but I had really hoped to spend more time on the ground.  I didn't check my watch but it certainly felt like fifteen minutes.  But then again, can you ever get enough time in the canyon?  Not me...I've been to the canyon about 10 times and this was a great new way to experience it.(Ask for the military discount when you book and get 15% off for your group.)
5	The most amazing experience EVER! I decided to take my boyfriend on a helicopter ride over the Vegas strip at night for his 30th birthday. A limo picked us up at our hotel and then we were the last people to ride for the night. The limo ride and helicopter ride over the Vegas strip at night was the best experience ever!
5	Did the Grand Canyon tour at Sunset. Very expensive but absolutely worth it. Helicopter pilot Odile was delightful as she led us east past Las Vegas, past Lake Mead, over Hoover Dam and into the Grand Canyon. Landing inside the Canyon on a cool June night will be an experience I'll never forget. This is a PERFECT place to propose marriage, fellas. It's also worth it to splurge to see The Strip at night. If that means something to you, make sure you sit on the left side of the chopper on your way back from the Canyon. It will probably mean you won't sit up front at all either way but if you want to get great strip photos, you need to be on the left side. As for safety and security, you can tell Sundance takes it all seriously. You won't feel nervous about crashing due to an inexperienced pilot or a staff full of slackers. No, if you crash it will be because of a giant ornery cyclops or a fiery meteor hurling toward your helicopter at blazing speed. It won't be because of Sundance's crew. Do it.
5	Such an amazing experience. We took the sunset heli ride to the Grand Canyon. The cost is worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY. You'll be left speechless as you fly back into the sunset after having a picnic snack with champagne at picnic tables next to the Colorado River. Our pilot was a sweetheart and we had the best time singing karaoke and dancing to the tunes he had going in our headsets. Flying over the Strip at night is quite a view - make sure you take lots of photos!
4	The wife and I had never been to the Grand Canyon and on a whim we decided to cross that off our bucket list before we left Vegas.  Yelp helped us find Sundance and we were happy to find that we could get a reservation on less than 24 hours notice.  This was a very amazing vantage point to see the Canyon, Hoover Damn and Lake Mead.The operation is professional and you can tell that they take safety very seriously.  My wife started feeling motion sickness during the flight (pretty common they say), but our pilot did a great job of giving her tips about how to combat it and a Sprite during our lunch break in the Canyon.  Those two things helped her keep it all down and make the trip memorable for the right reasons.
5	Kathleen, our pilot was amazing. The whole experience from start to finish was a real pleasure and one of the best things we've done in Las Vegas. Don't miss it and ask for Kathleen !Worth every cent !
5	Had a fantastic time. Took tour that lands in canyon for picnic lunch. Whole family had a blast and we took great pictures. The pilot was very friendly. Recommend highly.
5	Had an amazing time on our helicopter tour and champagne lunch at the Grand Canyon.  Pilot was so super nice and a lot of fun, and let me and my husband sit in the front.  We actually got a deal on our tour booking through an outside agency and saved quite a bit of money.  This was one of the kewlest tours I have ever done.  I highly recommend to anyone.
5	Awesome!!! Highly recommend!!!  One of the highlights of our Honeymoon!!!  Went over the Hoover  Damn, Landed in the Grand Canyon and took a final fly over the Vegas Strip!!! Good Times!!!
4	technically, i would say 3.5 stars.... we booked our flight over the strip for $110/per person, through Chapel of the Flowers.  we went directly from our wedding to a helicopter ride. sun had just set and it was just dark. there was only a short wait, and the front desk offered to hold our bags at the front, which was nice because we had a lot of stuff  and helicopters are small. i brought my DSLR on the helicopter, and was wearing heels and a wedding dress.  i would have liked to get a photo in front of the copter but it was a bit rushed to get in.  in fact, the wind from the propellers didnt even bother me, but i couldnt get in properly with the heels and the dress and the small camera bag.  there was also no room to properly adjust yourself once inside. luckily we got to sit up front, at least. although it was a short flight, we all (there was another couple besides us)  just enjoyed the beauty in silence, and taking in the sights, it felt like a 20 minute ride. i didnt actually time it, so i dont know.  i was more in awe of being married and flying across the city, which is pretty darn cool. i got lots of great photos and have a wonderful memory of my special day.  we dont drink, but our package included  limo back to our hotel and a bottle of champagne. unfortunately we couldnt substitute sparkling cider but i dont think that was Sundance's fault.  just a boring non-celebratory ride in the limo. all in all, a great time, a little expensive but how often do you get married OR ride in a helicopter??
5	When we asked our exchange student in an initial email, "Where, in America, do you want to visit?" she immediately answered with, "Vegas!"And my husband and I cringed and cursed the heavens. But seeing as how we have pretty much the greatest exchange student ever, we couldn't disappoint so we booked a trip with another couple and headed out for Super Bowl weekend.At some point a few years before I had seen a Samantha Brown weekend getaway where she took a helicopter ride over the Grand Canyon. Kris and I were totally I to it so we asked our friends and they started salivating. We decided it would be a surprise for Naomi. I cannot stress enough how perfect of an experience we had. From booking it until it was over it was a dream. Sundance even got in on the surprise! We did the private tour that includes a limo ride from the hotel to the airport. My husband and I went out and talked to the driver who was game. The story we told Naomi was that our friend who was with us and finishing up a convention (we met him after) had to pick up an important client but agreed that Naomi could go in the limo. She was psyched and he kept her going, asking if we knew the tail # of the client's private jet and when we had to show ID he said it was security because of the safety of the client. We finally told her and she was very excited. After a safety/informational video we met our awesome pilot, Dave, and were off. The flight was so smooth and the commentary was great (including the music).  It was perfectly timed with the scenery and when it wasn't on, Dave pointed out stuff along the way. After about 35 minutes the world dropped away and we were over the canyon... wow. Amazing. We landed on the floor and hopped out to enjoy morning in the Grand Canyon, which is like morning nowhere else. Dave gave us time to take pictures and then we enjoyed our champagne breakfast. After that it was more pictures before flying back. The return flight includes a flyover of the Vegas strip.Yes, it's pricey. But it is one of those things we will all remember for the rest of our lives. Thank you, Sundance, for such an amazing experience for Naomi and the rest of us!
5	I booked this trip as a surprise for my dad.He is a 65 year old man who had never been in Vegas or seen the Grand Canyon.You should have seen his face when he found out that we were taking a helicopter tour to the Grand Canyon!!First, let me tell you that I could do without the limo ride, I personally think that is a bit tacky and a waste of gas since my hotel was like 1 mile away, but whatever, it was included in the package, so...I booked online at VIATOR, as I understand they subcontracted Sundance for this trip.The limo was on time and the driver was very friendly, we were staying super close and he offered to give us a tour of the strip since we had time before we had to be at the location, that was very nice.When we got there they make you watch a safety video and they have a little souvenir store (also be aware that on top of the cost of the tour, there is a $50 fee per person that you have to pay when you arrive)We took off and the pilot was super friendly, they gave us an audio tour available in different languages.The view was AMAZING, it was breath taking, I could see my dad just blown away. You will fly over The Strip first, then the Hoover Dam and then the Grand Canyon.There is a little place where the helicopters land and they give you a few minutes to take pictures while they set up a picnic with sandwiches and champagne.What is super funny to me is that they play a super cheesy soundtrack that includes music from Indiana Jones as you approach the Canyon and Star Wars Theme song as you land in it. I was cracking up!!It was an adventure definitely worth every penny.
1	Our flight was cancelled due to weather conditions, which is understandable, what I couldn't understand is the poor handling of the cancellation process. They refused to help us on the spot and asked us to call a number in order to get the full refund. They wasted our entire morning. I would NOT recommend this company.
5	Simply amazing!  We were picked up, right on time, at our hotel, via limousine.  The driver was polite and courteous .  Upon arrival at the airport we were quickly directed to the check-in counter where the clerk quickly confirmed our details and we were weighed in.We were given a written summary of safety information and ushered into a large room w about 20 others waiting.  There were two televisions replaying safety and required information.Once our pilot arrived we were given additional safety and flight instructions.  I felt very prepared, not rushed, and not too slow, it all seemed appropriate .The ride back to our hotel was equal to the pick up, with no problems.We selected the Grand Canyon Skywalk Express.  The flight to and from the west rim area was about 45 minutes...great narration between the pilot and recorded data.  The flights were nothing short of amazing!The time at the skywalk was perfect!  I read some reviews that people felt rushed...not the case at all.  We were there, got plenty of time on and around the skywalk.  It was great!Overall...you must do this tour!  Sundance is professional and did an amazing job!
5	This was a lot of fun.  The Pilots and staff here are very professional and fun.  We had a great limo ride to and from our hotel.  I only wish we could have stayed at our picnic location longer.
5	Sundance is a great company and any grand canyon landing tour is a great experience for any guests around the world. They pickup in limo which really doesn't matter but some guests enjoy that in general. The flight itelf is about 35 minutes and you will get a bird's eye view of the hoover dam and surrounding area before desending inside grand canyon west. The landing sites inside the canyon are hard to describe with any pictures so it's pointless to post any. It's a great experience not to be missed if you have the means.TIPS:1. Sitting on the left side inside the helicopter does produce better pictures. The pilot can rotate everyone on the ride back so don't worry while going to the canyon,2. If you are a bigger guy like me upgrade to the EC130 helicopter if possible. The bucket seats and increased room does help. The helicopter has a 6 person max so it's a tight fit no matter really but that really doesn't matter. If that's an issue then purchase every seat on the tour. I've seen it done a few times.3. Please have decent shoes on before going on the tour. The landing site is an unpaved area and walking around will not be possible with soft footwear. ENJOY!
5	I was a little doubtful after reading the reviews  I thought nothing can be that great all the time.   Well I was proven wrong.  If u wanna get technical the limo was 5 min late 4 pick up.  He dropped us off.  We paid and watched training video and were on our way.  I was impressed beyond belief!! It was a perfect trip from beginning to end.  The pilot was cool and the music selection was awesome.  The picnic was great too.  Very satisfied and highly, highly recommend.  Not many Americans do it per the crew.   Mostly UK And Aussies.   It is a very magical and unforgettable trip.
5	The absolute best way to see the Grand Canyon! Amazingly awesome experience and absolutely worth the price. Can't say enough about how wonderful this experience was! We went on the 1st trip of the day to avoid the heat of the day.
4	If you want to see the Grand Canyon you should definitely book a tour through Sundance Helicopters! Not only are you delivered to and from your door in a stretch limo, you also get to see all of the Vegas strip, the Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon from a birds eye view plus.Definitely a must!
3	Our experience with Sundance Helicopters was all in all ok! It was a great way to see the Grand Canyon, however there could defiantly be some changes made. Like anywhere in Vegas they offer you a VIP experience and rarely deliver. Our tour was a package with limo, helicopter, lunch and a glass of champagne. We were picked up by a limousine that was jammed full with other customers, the limo driver said no more than two words to us. We were then ushered into a waiting room and sat and waited for over an hour for our flight. The flight was a full helicopter of 6 people, not what we had envisioned. The lunch was on a picnic table where all 6 of us sat and ate together. I was hoping to have lunch on a nice table with my partner and I. The champagne is included as a selling point! But it is barley worth mentioning as it was served in a plastic picnic cup and was barley half full as it was shared with the other 2 couples on the flight.  They give you half an hour to eat and see the canyon which was very rushed.The pilot was great and the flight itself was a once in a lifetime experience but it is too obvious they are cutting costs by ramming as many people in at a time that they can. To top it off our limousine driver dropped us off at the wrong hotel, we were so disorientated and confused and even after asking if it was the right place, he said yes. By the time we had realised we were at the Venetian and not Caesars palace it was already too late he was gone.
5	The grand canyon landing tour was great and not to be missed. The pickup was in a limo which really no big deal but some like that I guess. I had a window seat in the front of the helicopter which was good and bad. I'm not a small guy so it was cramped but the view was great. The landing site had great views and the flight back we went over the strip which was a very nice bonus. The flight over the strip is almost just a good as the landing in the canyon really. The pilot was very nice and everything was great.
4	We received a ride over the strip at night as a wedding gift. Such a fun experience. It was our first time in a helicopter and I wasn't disappointed!  The lights were beautiful and the pilot was knowledgeable pointing out the landmarks.  Smooth fun ride, I recommend the night time tour.
5	Very much worth the price. Flying thru the Grand Canyon is unforgettable. The pilot was not only competent, safe, friendly and couteous; she truely was one of the most beautiful people I've ever met... in every sense of the word.
5	I did the tour to the Grand Canyon and back, made me feel like a kid at Disneyland! I just couldn't stop smiling! The pilot was very friendly and knowledgeable. You feel like a bird in the sky looking down on the strip, passing by lakes, old Volcanos(no longer erupting), the Hoover Dam, and the Grand Canyon. Flying into the Grand Canyon is such an amazing experience that videos or pictures just don't give it justice. I highly recommend anyone, any age, visiting Vegas to experience this. Something you'll never forget!
3	I purchased the sunset Grand Canyon tour with champagne picnic, canyon landing, views of lake mead, hoover dam and the Las Vegas strip. Although; the views were breathtaking, we sat 7 (including the pilot), which was very cramped. The "upgrade" to the limo was joke!  When I ride in a limo it's for luxury. We had NO AIR CONDITIONING - just fans!!  It's 100+ degrees and NO AC :(.  The ride back to the hotel was worse. We didn't have the same driver who picked us up - so our trip back in the hot blowing air was torture. We rode around to 4 different hotels before arriving to my destination!!
2	To say the least, I was excited about doing the Twilight helicopter tour of the Hoover Dam and the Strip. But, I left disappointed. Pros: -Went up in a helicopter-Picked us up in the limo-Beautiful facility-30 tour (versus 10-15 with competitors)-Nice narration every now and of places we passed-Friendly pioltCons:-wasn't aware we were going to be sharing our experience with other people-Drivers give you whip-lash (maybe that's not their fault with all the stoplight and speed bumps, but I was definitely ready to get out)-Once we got there and checked in, we didn't get on the helicopter for 30-45 minutes-There were 7 people in one helicopter - completely uncomfortable and squished. This was bar far my biggest complaint. This impacted our views, picture taking, as experience. When we finally went over the strip, we weren't on the window side of the strip and didn't really get to see it - didn't event get a picture of it. We weren't on the side of the Hoover Dam when we approached it, and when the pilot turned around, it went by so fast we didn't even get a clear picture. It was an experience, but i can't say I would recommend this place to friends. I would do another helicopter ride, but I would be certain that they didn't stuff us in like sardines - it just ruined it. For $250/person, I would have rather spent my money at the casino.
5	Just spectacular. Go the All American tour and enjoy the ride. Stunning views, decent length of time amd a return trip via limo. Excellent.Drew, our pilot, was just fantastic. Knowledgeable and very friendly. The perfect way to start the day. Thanks again.
