3	Came in here Friday for some lunch and was impressed the space - they have a couple different levels, with a bar and tables overlooking a square-in-progress. I tried the Las Velas Lunch Combo for $10 (one burrito, one enchilada, and one taco served with rice and beans.) The enchilada and taco were pretty dry, but the Cancun burrito (Marinated steak and shrimp, melted cheese, pico de gallo and guacamole) was pretty good. Chips and Salsa were good along with the service.
1	The ambiance is amazing. The levels, the lights, the mariachi band, everything about the place screams 'great Mexican food'... except the food itself. We started our dinner with chips and salsa. They were amazing, but weren't free. I'm not going to complain about it, just letting you know that before you walk in the door. My date ordered the 'Enchiladas De La Abuela', which I imagine is a vegetarian dish despite the description since there was little to no meat to be found in them. The sauce covering them tasted like chili powder, flour, and water... end of list. It was completely bland and lacked any discerning flavor. I ordered the 'Mar y tierra OK maguey'. They rolled it out on a cart and lit the skewers on fire in an attempt to add a little flare to the evening. The fire must have burnt any spec of flavor that may have been on them because I surely didn't taste any. The shrimp tasted like they had been marinated in sea water overnight before being boiled in a saline solution and served to me. The steak tasted like a vampire had gotten to the cow before slaughter. Every ounce of flavor had been drained out of it somehow and replaced with the heavy taste of salt. Salt I'm they got from the shrimp's marinade. Baby birds eat better meals than the one I had last night. If the place burned down, the ashes would taste better than the garbage I was served. And to add insult to injury, the bill was ridiculously high, an automatic 15% gratuity had been added, and we were forced to pay for drinks that the server dropped off without either of us ordering them. The highlight of my evening was the moment my face met the cold air as I walked out of the building. What more can I say? Eat @ your own risk.
3	I have a mixture of feelings about this place.  The decor and ambiance is pretty cool.  They have lots of seats next to a huge window overlooking Market Square, and there's not a lot of cheesy faux-Latino decorations strewn about.  The food is  also good.  It's a little fancy for Mexican, and it's a little pricy for the quantity, but it's interesting and tasty.  The service is where things go downhill.  Patently inattentive and slow.  The drinks were also bad, including the draught beer.  If it was in my neighborhood, I'd probably give it another try; but since it's across town, I'll probably never go again.
4	Finally, decent Mexican food in Pittsburgh! By now, I thought I would never find it but Las Velas is hands down the best I've had in the burgh. Granted, there are a few places I haven't tried yet which are supposed to be good, but for now this one wins!Chips and salsa were good and appeared to be homemade. The margaritas hit the spot, but the Coronas strangely came without limes.I was quite pleased with the chicken burrito verde I ordered, and others in the group enjoyed their tacos al pastor and mole enchiladas. Many of the tables have a nice view of the square, and the only drawback of the whole experience was the service. Unfortunately, our waitress was often absent when we needed something, and I had to chase her down so we could pay our check and leave! From what I could see, the other servers were doing a better job, so this is probably just bad luck.I will definitely come here again!
4	Enjoyable happy hour. The little margaritas have a bit of a kick - yea! The beef tacos ($1) were savory and quite a nice bite for the price. Happy hour was the reconnaissance mission - we'll try a meal next.
4	I had the fish tacos, and highly recommend them. They're a little spicy with a nice, crisp cabbage, which is exactly how I like them.
3	The view was beautiful overlooking the newly reopened Market Square. The food was average. If only Mexico City could move to this space, both the view AND the food would rock!
4	I really enjoyed the food here, and will make sure next time im craving tacos that this is the place I hit. My food was hot, spicy, tasty, the salsas were delicious the chips were home made ( i think).  Everything was as I wanted it to be.  I so desperately craved some mexican food and this just filled me up and made me want to go back.  The view is beautiful (as everyone else had said), the ambiance was great, the decor was a little goofy but I loved it.  We'll all be going back there soon!  The margaritas were sublime.  SO much better than Mad (tex) Mex.
2	Went here for late lunch one Saturday with a friend and i was decidedly underwhelmed. The Cozumel Burrito looked very promising, but was pretty "meh" when I got it. It was OK, but the sauce was a little ketchupy. My friend was reasonably satisfied with whatever it was he ordered, but neither of us was blown away.The biggest gripe I had with this place was the service! We'd just come from a 20 mile bike ride on a hot day, and although I'd been guzzling down and refilling my water constantly, I was perpetually thirsty. I left my water bottle outside on my bike assuming I could get a nice cold glass of water on entering. I literally asked our waiter for water at least 3 times before we got it, including once getting up and walking across the restaurant to the bar. When he finally brought us water, he was not in the least bit apologetic for the delay. Were they busy I'dve been more understanding, but as I said this was post lunch-time rush and there weren't a lot of other tables. This was, however, during the world cup, so maybe the football was decidedly more important than his customers.
3	I've come here a number of times and I would say it's decent Mexican food (for Pittsburgh).Atmosphere - they recently remodeled and the decor is really nice. Warm and inviting. The bar area has flat screens with sports on. I love the view of Market Square.Service - Get here before the lunch rush and you should be fine. It gets a little slow during the lunch hour. The staff are quite friendly though.Food - as I said, it's decent Mexican food. The lunch combo is a good meal and not too large. They do charge for chips & salsa. The tortilla soup has a nice kick to it.
4	Excellent modern Mexican food, my favorite is the steak taco with lime sauce. Their guacamole is to die for.  Unfortunately the restaurant was burnt down in a fire late 2010, hope they will be back and running soon again.7/2011 update: They have reopend!
4	Chips and salsa are sooo tasty. A friend of mine had her wedding reception at Las Velas so all I really got to taste were appetizers which were all scrumptious. I'm excited to sample more, but I'll have to wait until they re-cooperate from the fire.
4	Two Margarita's in and I'm golden.  Golden as a peach and raspberry marg you get!Order some fresh made chips and salsa and I'm in heaven!  I knowingly had a homemade taco salad for lunch, knowing I would indulge in Mexi fare later that night.  I didn't care, I like to double dip!Immediately I ordered the chips and salsa...I mean...dah...who wouldn't?  You could tell it was of the homemade chip persuasion.  This wasn't a bag o' tostito's poured out!  We also ordered the gauc.  Thank gawd it didn't come in a puny bowl.  It was a heaping helping of the green stuff!  I was all over that ish!I ordered the Burrito Isla, which came with cheese, rice, green peppers, grilled onions, salsa and sour cream.  The option included meat but I opted to go veggie tonight.  It was a huge portion.  Factor that in with the huge chip/salsa ratio and you've got a full belly!  The ONLY issue I had was that it seemed to take a long time between drinks.  Maybe I'm a little overzealous between bevvies...but it's happy hour...I gotta get my drink on!
5	A little on the expensive side, but the food is absolutely amazing. Make sure you get some queso (the best in town) and a sangria.
2	Service was friendly, but it didn't make up for the less-than-sub-par Mexican food. Basically, every dish that we ordered was the exact same thing except it was either wrapped inside a burrito or laying on top of some nachos. I get that most of Mexican food can be like that, but really? It was obvious that they didn't invest any effort into recreating the dishes. It must have taken them 2 minutes each to make a dish since the ingredients were EXACTLY the same for each dish. Blah, even with the Groupon I didn't feel that justified the price of the meal! I could have had a better meal at Chipotle across the street...Also, the inside felt very plain Jane. It didn't feel like a restaurant... there's no ambiance or decor.
4	The chips and salsa are well worth the $2.50; they're completely home-made and light and airy and yet dense and satisfying. Also delicious.I had two carnitas tacos and I must say that they were the best carnitas I've had in my life. The pork was shredded and tender, marinated in a bewitching blend of spices and lime. I've never tasted pork with so much flavor. I highly recommend them!The service was a bit frustrating. There were 4 people in the restaurant, my friend and I were 2 of them! Yet there was still a mistake on our order, the food took a bit longer than I thought it should have (we both ordered the carnitas tacos; how hard is it to assemble 4 tacos?) but once I tasted the food all of my complaints about the service floated away. The food was also hot and well-presented. The servers were nice enough and as long as they keep feeding me such flavorful, authentic food at such reasonable prices I'd let them kick me in the face.But they wouldn't do that. They're nice.Bottom line: Las Velas is worth a try. The carnitas are worth risking a concussion for.
3	I'm weirdly disappointed in Las Velas. The only reason they got even 3 stars was because my drinks were strong both times. That is really the only reason. My first foray into true downtown happy hour went well enough. It was a mid-week evening and a friend met me here for a few drinks. It's literally right around the corner from my office. The interior is gorgeous. Upstairs, great view of Market Square, a mix of rustic and hip interior. On the first trip the bartender was friendly enough but still not really attentive. He never once asked if I'd like another drink or if I liked the drinks he made me.I hate saying this so often in my reviews, but I've also been around and been undeniably ME long enough to know that my appearance isn't always what restaurants are used to or wanting in their establishment. It's not uncommon for me to get a cold shoulder in my ratty ragtag stitched up, patched over hoodie. It sucks but it's true, and often it dictates my service. This second time though was almost unreal. It was Light Up night so I know this could have had something to do with it, if it hadn't been for the previous happy hour's issues.  I showed up prior to the crowds. Ambled over to the bar and while standing there about to take off my messenger bag and I was nearly knocked over by what I assume was a waiter there, or a host who seats people. I turned to see who had almost plowed me over and he turned at the same time and just stared at me. No "excuse me" or "I'm sorry." Nothing.I sat down at the bar and it was at least 10 minutes before the bartender stopped talking to the female bartender and other staff. When he finally came over the conversation went like this...Me: "It's not happy hour yet, huh?"Bartender: "Nope not until 5pm."That would imply it would be happy hour at 5pm, right? Am I crazy? No signs saying it's not going to be happy hour on Light Up Night, nothing from the bartender about it. Nothing.After two drinks that I literally had to WORK to get from the bartender. My friend, my sister, and I wanted to sit down at a table. Our friend was riding her bike over from her job in the strip. I went to the hostess to get a table. I was told they couldn't seat us at any of the 10 + empty tables until our friend got there. I realize this is commonplace at a lot of restaurants, but it was off putting none the less since 3 people can't be seated at a 2 person table so the only other option was A TABLE THAT SEATS FOUR PEOPLE. Geeze Louise. So besides not ever being seated, not ever having eye contact made with me, prompt or friendly service, or a chance to try the food... I guess I'll give it another try on a less busy night. 3rd strike and you're out though, Las Velas.
3	Eh. The boy and I saw that Las Velas was open again and we felt like giving it a try. It was okay. Not really Mexican per say. More Tex-Mex. There wasn't much spice to our dishes even though we did order the more spicy dishes off the menu. Eh. The decor is WONDERFUL, but the food was just okay. Though the chips and salsa are worth the money, it was probably the best part of our meal.
3	Craving Mexican(ish) food we decided on Las Velas in Market Square since we wanted to try something besides Chipotle or Moe's (which can both be found next door).Food: Obviously Americanized, but I was surprised to find Tamales were the Special that night. They were mediocre, as were the Carnitas Tacos and our Guacamole, but portions were large and fairly priced.Ambiance: SO LOUD. They had a Mariachi band making rounds and "serenading" all the tables, which could be fun if you're out with friends, but in my case I secretly wished they would stop playing so I could enjoy my dinner conversation without having to yell over the music.Bonus: There was a foursquare special of $10 off $10 when using an AmEx card, but none of the waiters seemed to have a clue when I showed it to them. In the end, they just took $10 off the bill!Overall: Seems like a happening spot for Happy Hour, but I probably should have just went to Chipotle or Moe's.
5	I was skeptical at first because I'm a cycnical asshole. But my girlfriend forced me to go in.The food. Was. Delicious!!! Oh my gosh!And some employee there.. I think his name was "Justin", helped me decide which entre would suit my palette best. He really went the whole nine yards! Great food! Amazing atmosphere!
4	I am so glad this place reopened!I had went here for a happy hour months before the horrible Market Square construction had from my understanding shut Las Velas down. Now that it's back in business, I had to try it again.I'm very pleased to find nothing has changed. Great frozen margaritas, check.Amazing salsa, check.The best homeade chips, check.One of my favorite things about the restaurant is the view overlooking Market Square, well now that it's completed and the homeless problem has been elimated. I find the prices reasonable and the staff is always friendly.And I always make sure to ask for a refill of my chips even if I may be dining alone.
2	I'm kind of split down the middle when it comes to Las Velas' food.  I've visited twice now since they re-opened and I've had both very good food and food that left much to be desired.  I give two thumbs up for appetizers and desserts.  Their chips and queso are muy yummy.  The chips are a bit thicker than your standard tortilla chip so it stands up to the cheese better, which is really delicious with tomatoes and cilantro mixed in.  I also had a really refreshingly sweet dessert with fried pita chips and vanilla ice cream covered with honey.  Well portioned and very, very good.However, my one dinner visit was very sub-par.  I ordered the tacos checandole which comes with marinated pork and pineapple.  I was really looking forward to a meal of savory sweetness, but the meal was a huge disappointment.  To start, the tacos came out room temperature, not hot at all or even remotely warm.  The pork was dry and rather tasteless and there was barely any pineapple to compliment the rest of the meal.  Our waiter highly recommended this dish, so I was even more disappointed knowing that the dish had the potential to be really excellent.Typically for a 50/50 meal experience I would still give a place three stars, but our service was also on the poor side at my last visit as well.  All of the servers are extremely friendly and welcoming, but it seemed like after we were seated and received our drinks, we barely received attention from the wait staff to see how we were doing.  My friend and I devoured our delicious chips and queso we ordered and were all ready to order more (additional charge be damned), but no one ever came over to us between the time we received our appetizer to the time our meals arrived to see if we'd like anything else.  So we receive our meals and about a third of the way through my tacos I'm out of my drink.  So I stop eating and wait for our waiter to come by so I can flag him down for a refill.  So I'm waiting.  And waiting.  And waiting.    I waited 15 minutes, nearly 20, before our waiter finally just happened to walk by our table and notice that my drink was empty.  Mind you he wasn't stopped to check on us, he just happened to notice the empty glass as he whisked by.  So of course by the time I receive my refill my room temperature food had gone completely cold.  Such a disappointing experience for what I feel is really promising restaurant.Despite my two stars, I know I'll go back to the restaurant.  If anything I'll go back for an evening visit for the lovely view of Market Square from the second floor windows.  But if my future dinner service is anything like my most recent experience, I think the third visit will probably be my last.
5	I went in on a Saturday afternoon by myself.  It was my first visit but I they made me feel like a regular there.  The server Justin was very friendly and did an excellent job.  The owner came out and was telling stories about bull fighting in Mexico which was very entertaining.  The prices are a bit higher than Mexican restaurants you might be familiar with but the portions are large and the quality is better.  The warm chips and fresh salsa are excellent even though you have to pay for them, they arte worth it.Food:    5 starsService 5 starsI will definitely be go back.
3	I got to try Las Velas for the first time as a member of a 17 person party celebrating two birthdays.  It was a Saturday night and the restaurant had business, but I wouldn't say it was busy.     We were one of the first couples to arrive so my lady and I ordered drinks.  They offer their own margarita-esque concoctions which we tried.  I went with the Mango/Cayenne variety and she ordered the Raspberry/Chipotle.  We ended up exchanging drinks due to mine being pretty damn good and hers tasting, like you'd expect, a lot like ice cold alcoholic chipotle juice.  After I got most of the bits of chipotle through the straw, the remainder of the drink wasn't half bad.     Once the party arrived and everyone got drinks and some chips/guac, It took a little longer for our server to return to order entrees, but It just felt like he was giving us all time to settle in with the menu.  It seemed like my fiance and I were the only ones to order a first course, but I like to try as much as possible when dining out.  She got the ceviche and when the server didn't recall the soup of the day off the top of his head, I went with the tortilla soup.  Her ceviche tasted pretty OK.  It had plenty of citrus with lots of tomato and onion and the portion was really large.  One thing I got from it was that it was most likely yesterday's cocktail shrimp and precooked flaked white fish by the texture of it.  My tortilla soup was quite a large portion, maybe 10oz or more by the look of it.  I thought it tasted great, the tortilla strips were a little soggy, but still had their crispiness, and the broth was tasty.     For our entrees I ordered the chilis rellanos with pork and she got the red snapper al cilantro.  Once we put our orders in our tables didn't have to wait long to be served.  She enjoyed her fish, which was small bites of white fish in a nice cilantro herb sauce with the typical sides.  She was only able to eat about half the ceviche and entree before filling up.       My rellanos were kinda disappointing. I ordered them because my go-to at most Mexican restaurants is chilis poblano, which is identical to what I ordered (some places the 'chilis rellanos' is bell pepper instead of poblano).  Well the pepper was nice, battered roasted poblano, but the sauce was pretty boring, and the cheese it was stuffed with wasn't melted or delicious like more fairly priced joints outside the city.  The cheese itself was really spongy, with a texture most comparable to tofu.  The pork that was also stuffed into the pepper was slow roasted and cubed up, and was just OK.  It probably would of stood out better if it was coated in piping hot liquid queso.     In conclusion, we had a great time, I didn't hear any complaints from the rest of the large party.  Luckily I live east of the city and can find better quality of Mexican if I make a drive the whole way down rt22 to Delmont for Picante Grille.  Also I'm sure rent @ market square is steep, but suck it up and give up a basket of chips and salsa on the house for every two guests seated at your restaurant.  Rely on the quality of your chips as well as the guacamole to up-sale that 2nd basket or the upgrade to the guac.     I should also note the dining room is well maintained with a great view of the square. We lucked out and finally had some snowfall the night prior, so it was beautiful out.  I'm not opposed to going back, but without some coaxing this won't be my first choice.
2	I've tried a bunch of Mexican places in the city and I'd put Las Velas near the bottom. The place had nice decor, the chips were good, and the wait staff was nice. The food was typical Tex-Mex stuff. Nothing really stood out and some of my food was cold. I don't think I'll be back here, especially when there's a ton of other Tex-Mex places to choose from.
4	A friend and I were headed for the disaster at the Cabaret On The Square, and stopped for dinner at Las Velas before the show.  We had a few hours to kill and decided on trying some new Mexican place.  Maybe it was great company, but Las Velas did not disappoint.  Hugo, the over-gelled but otherwise very nice and kind of hot waiter (seriously...in da burgh, what DOES it mean when a waiter keeps winking at you? I think it simply means tip hard) was very nice and helpful.We ordered the poblano dip, an iced tea (since Pepsi products are served) and my friend had a water.  Then for the main course, I ordered the steak burrito, and my friend the quesadillas.It was slightly pricey for Mexican food, but what else would we expect for Market Square?The Poblano dip was a little runny, but VERY tasty.  The chips were a little over-puffed, which made them frail in the dip, but they were adequate and tasty.The steak burrito was large and stuffed, and not only was the steak tasty, but the sauces were 'real' and very flavorful. The sauce wasn't the standard 'red' sauce, but it was real veggie and spice enhanced.   It had zing and flavor.  I LIKE hot.  And no, to me, the standard Pittsburgh version of 'hot' doesn't cut it. A Jalapeno to me is NOT hot.  An Habanero IS. And when they asked if I wanted hot or mild, and I asked for hot, it came hot.The burrito came with guacamole, sour cream, and some pico de gallo, which added to the flavor.My friend devoured her quesadilla, which came with rice and refried beans, so fast that I thought I'd blinked and missed something.The bill, with an appetizer, two entrees and one beverage, was around $40.  The atmosphere was very pleasant...heck, we even had one hell of a show as the Occupy Pittsburgh crowd of 20 made their way through Market Square...with six police cars blocking traffic and four local 'media' vans setting up for the five minute span of activity that took place, including one local 'creative' type who wore a pup tent and danced around mindlessly.All in all, Las Velas was a very nice place to go for a flavorful Mexican meal, with decent service, and the added bonus of a hot Latino waiter winking, who was delightful to watch 'walk away'.For the budget minded, I might recommend Mexico City a few blocks away, but Las Velas is a little better in the atmosphere department, slightly higher in the flavor department, with only a slight hike in the price department. Give them a try.
2	I love Mexican food, and I wanted to like Las Velas so much, but in the end I'm just underwhelmed.  I've been there twice (once pre and once post fire) and my experiences were almost the same.  Food is average and slightly disappointing.  It just didn't seem like there was any creativity or special about any of their dishes.  Bottom line, I'm still looking for the great Mexican Restaurant in Pittsburgh.
3	FIrst time eating there today during lunch.  Other places were packed on Market Square so we went there.  I didn't know it existed.  Others led the way. There are a good amount of options on the lunch menu from $8 to $10.  The wait staff passes out menus and says "Do you want chips and salsa".  I have been to many Mexican restaurants that give it out for free.  Here they neglected to say that it is $2.50.  It was very crowded and it took 45 minutes for our meals to come out.  Everyone liked their meals in my group. I had a chicken Quesadilla.  If you are looking for Mexican in downtown Pittsburgh, worth trying out the place.
5	Ok, ok,ok, I came back. I've decided to put the last encounter there behind me. While I'm still not pleased about it. This last visit is exactly what I expected from this business. Seeing the google offer for Las Velas and having it literally right next door to work was too good to pass up. Not to mention the offer IS good for alcohol as well as food anytime after 4pm, INCLUDING happy hour. It doesn't get any better than that. As soon as I walked up to the bar I was greeted by not one but TWO employees. I had a water while I waited for happy hour to start. The waitstaff stands next to the end of the bar where I was sitting while waiting for tables and drink orders to be completed. Small talk was made and it was pleasant.The margaritas were strong as always. The air was light and cheerful. None of the anxiety driven rush rush rush of my last visit. We had cheese with salsa and fresh made guac. They were a great addition to the drinks. We got so much for the 30$ offer. I'd still love to try a meal here one night after work, as I've yet to try any actual entrees. My only advice is that if you have the google offer to print it out before hand. While you don't have to, I did have to go into the office and log into my google on their office computer to print it out there.
3	Yummm!!!  I got two tacos, Mexican style, which was just perfect since the tacos come with large portions of beans and rice.  The chips are homemade and AMAZING.  I could just eat chips and salsa here and be happy.Why only three stars?  The happy hour "special" on margaritas was $9, and they weren't very strong.  I've had much better elsewhere in the burgh.But since Las Velas is so close to me, I'll be back for more chips and salsa...and next time I'll try the sangria.
1	This review is for the poor service. It was so bad, we walked out before our main food ever came. It took 25 minutes to order food and after 1 1/2 hours, we asked if our food is on the way. The waiter made excuses saying he doesn't usually work with these cooks today and that they have their own thing going on back there...blah blah blah...basically, he didn't want us to blame him for the bad service. But, they're a team and he should've be on top of it. We walked out after sitting there for two hours and empty drinks that haven't been checked on for 30 minutes. This place needs to be on the RESTAURANT IMPOSSIBLE SHOW. We will never eat here again and strongly suggest anyone shouldn't either. There are way better Mexican restaurants in town that have authentic food with better prices. If you're looking for authenticity and good service, you should go elsewhere. This place is reeks americanized Mexican food and clueless waiters. Don't disappoint yourself by going here.
2	This is normal, Americanized Mexican food, but at a price point that is appropriate for resturants at Market Square. Expect to pay $30/head for tacos and a drink.It looks nice, the service is nice, the view is nice, and expect to pay for it. Not the food. Got tacos and so did me hombre. Tortillas were stale. Spanish rice & beans were nothing special. There are way better values in the Square. There are way better Mex places in the Burgh. TL;DR: The food there is disappoint.
2	Las Velas star rating (in my view) on a time line:5:00 pm: 4 stars5:15 pm: 4.5 stars5:30 pm: 4 stars6:00 pm: 3 stars6:30 pm: still 3 stars7:00 pm: 2 starsNow some explanation.5:00 pm: Parking kinda sucked, but eventually we were able to find some street parking.  On top of another restaurant in Market Square, the view is pretty decent since you can look down and people watch.5:15 pm: The service is very friendly and attentive.  I got my frozen Margarita, which wasn't too bad (or too great).  With the big (32 oz?) alcoholic slush hitting my nearly empty tummy, I was REALLY starting to enjoy my time (hence 4.5 stars)5:30 pm: The queso and guacamole arrive.  The queso is passable, and while the guacamole tasted OK, its consistency was too smooth and shiny for me. 6:00 pm: Food arrives.  I got the steak fajitas, which were decent enough.  The marinade was actually pretty good, but it didn't blow my mind.  Unfortunately, it still comes with that shiny guacamole.  I tried my wife's chicken quesadilla and was sorely disappointed.  The quesadilla was very bland and the tortilla not very crisp.  All things considered, I was ready to give this place 3 stars, but still consider coming back.6:30 pm: Having left the restaurant, I feel that all too familiar sensation...yes, you Tex-Mex foodies know what I'm talking about--the food baby.  You ate way too much and feel bloated, but you know it was probably worth it.  Did I feel like I needed a wheel barrow to move around at this point?  Yes.  Did I care?  No.  I'm used that.  I keep dreaming of a pocket wheel barrow that collapses into my back pocket so I can take it with me to Tex-Mex restaurants7:00 pm:  While I'm used to the food baby, I'm not used to the food baby demon.  That normally comforting "full" sensation turned into an attack on my insides.  Demonic forces at work, destroying my sense of satisfaction... I was relieved to get to the safety and comfort of my home where I could cast out the demon food baby... Argh, another Mexican place in PGH off my list...it's pretty short now.
2	The food was not very good at all. Definitely should not be considered authentic Mexican. Service was horrible. There was no one in the place / at the bar and it took forever to order / get our food. 25 minutes to get a fried ice cream? Really?!? WILL NOT BE GOING BACK.
2	So my Mum gave me a coupon to Las Velas. And let me say the free entree and the free queso appetizer that was ordered by someone else but accidentally brought to our table were the two highlights of the evening. My trip to the drugstore for Tums a couple hours later was the low point. Everything else was below average. I'd rather go to Chipotle across the street.
4	I've been here a few times, but the new lunch menu today pushed it over the top. We ordered chips and salsa cause you have to order chips and salsa.  The chips are definitely homemade and awesome.  The salsa is full of fresh tomato flavor and cilantro.  They do charge for chips and salsa ($2.50), so don't be surprised when your bill comes. It was a lovely day to be in the second story in market square overlooking the grand prix cars and the many people out in the miserable heat.  Pittsburghers do love their old cars.Back to the food, M got Huaraches which she loved.  She got chicken as the meat option.  They also had lettuce, sour cream, refried beans and cheese.  It was served with Spanish rice that I never enjoy, but love here. I got the vinegar soaked pork tacos.  Sadly, I don't remember their real name, but I will need to when I come back.  It was nothing but pork and habenero vingar soaked onions, but damn, did it pack some punch.  So much flavor on a homemade corn tortilla.  It was served with rice and black beans.  Great lunch option in market square - one of the best views in the square!
3	After planning on going to the gallery crawl we just ended of getting dinner and drinks... whoops. We decided on Mexican because "its cheaper" but that really wasn't the case here.   The interior is decent.  The bar is set up so its looking towards the windows which opens up the place.  We sat at a table next to the windows and the chips were quick to follow (YES!)  The menu is standard mexican food, nothing really high end.  I wanted the shrimp fajitas but I was turned off by the $18 price point,  i don't mean to be a cheap ass but that seemed steep. I opted for the chicken instead. I also ordered a vodka club and a big mojito.  Everything was good!Pros: Chips and salsa, full bar, solid mexican food, fast service. Cons: Pricey for what it is, food isn't as interesting as it could be, no outdoor seating. Overall:  One of the best things about market square is sitting outside and people watching so i wish this place had outdoor seating.  I wish there could be seating on top of the patio.  A girl can dream.
2	Average food not worth the price. Pork burrito had very little pork in it.
4	It can be difficult to find a good mojito in this town.  Correction: it can be difficult to even find a mojito in this town.  Look no further than Las Velas.  They make them fresh and delicious!  I can't get past how yummy they are, but the sangria is also rather refreshing.I've been to Las Velas several times and will continue to return.  I've experienced several menu items including the hanger steak tacos, mango chipotle chicken and a pork burrito.  The mango chicken was just okay.  I'm a fan of the hanger steak, so the tacos didn't have to try to hard to please me.  But they did anyway.  I most recently enjoyed the Xel-Ha Burrito with pork and this proved to be my best decision yet.I've had a seat at the bar but I prefer a table.  Grab a seat by the window and enjoy the entertainment of Market Square over some chips and salsa.  The cost may seem a little high, but it's worth it.  The portions are generous and I can often find a deal online (Groupon, Google Offers, WPXI Half Off).  I've never had a problem getting a table for dinner.  And to top it off, the service is always muy bueno!
2	I have lost hope in the possibility of finding excellent Mexican food in the burgh. I have given this place at least three shots to make it to the top of my list but  another Mexican joint just didn't cut it for me. The service has always been great and I wouldn't be surprised if the drinks are excellent but the food doesn't cut it for me. I'm not from Mexico but I want authentic Mexican food not some cheesy gloppy mess covered with guacamole. Or a flaming skewer of shrimp and beef??? I had the Mar y tierra which is apparently one of the house specialties I'm surprised that this is one of the dishes that the server told me was their most popular. The presentation of the flaming skewer is nothing less than cheesy. And then to top it off the shrimp and beef were COLD after all that. Will someone explain the physics of that fiasco to me. The decor is okay and location is in market square which stinks for parking. If I'm missing something here someone please set me straight but I can't say that I would ever recommend this place for even drinks.
4	Good food, I had the Cancun burritos and we tried the tacos. I would recommend both. Only complaint is slow service and paying for chips.
1	Worst mexican I've ever had. "Truffle" dip looked regurgitated... no seasoning for meat in enchiladas or tacos... rice looks microwaved... TERRIBLE service!
5	My husband & I ate here last night during our trip to Pittsburgh.  I had read online about their cheap happy hour.  We did get here an hour early but decided to sit at the bar and order anyway.  It wasn't busy at 4:00 on a Monday (but then it was rainy and windy outside).  Our bartender/server, Jorge, was just wonderful.  He was very personable and recommended items to us both.  I was going to order the fish tacos with tilapia but he said the mahi mahi tacos were better.  Indeed they were.  The homemade chips and queso were also a great starter.  They have great beer on tap and an extensive liquor selection. The restaurant is on the second floor and you can look out the windows at Market Square.  We will definitely come back on a return visit!  Another bartender recommended a breakfast place to us and we are on our way there this morning.
2	This busy restaurant is tucked on the second floor above the Diamond Market. There's a single door between Diamond Market and the Oyster House for access. Las Velas is located in the old Market Street Ale House space. Luckily, they have the door clearly labelled and a sidewalk sign.Las Velas was pretty busy on a Wednesday afternoon, but I'm not sure why.I placed a take out order and when I arrived, everyone seemed confused as to where my order was.  I was asked a few times, "Who did you speak to?"  As if I remember, or should have to remember, who took my order.  They didn't take my name or number during the process, and this was less than efficient.I don't mind a little confusion if the food is great --- but it wasn't.  I ordered the Chorizo Enchiladas, and they were tiny, not stuffed, dry, and just nothing to write home about.  The refried beans were soupy.  The rice clearly overcooked and dried out.I saw other dishes that they brought out that looked good ---- but I can only rate on the food I was given, and it doesn't rate that high.Take the energy you would have spent climbing the long Las Velas stairway, and head towards Gateway Center on Liberty for Cuzamil.  Or take a much longer walk to Vicky's Mexican Kitchen on Smithfield near Blvd of Allies for better Mexican.
4	A great place to go for Mexican when you are Downtown.  The Menu has some interesting stuff on it and is priced very fairly.Make sure to get chips and salsa to start with, they are very good.  The guacamole is also tasty.One thing that I did not like was that they had a "Las Velas" and a "Las Velas Guest" WiFi network and when I asked for the password, they told me that their WiFi was not for customers.  Why have the guest network then?
2	We stopped in. A couple days before xmas. The wine and margaritas were tasty, but not cheap. The service was slow. We ordered thr poblano dip and chicken entree. Both arrived cold. We informed our overwhelmed server. She microwaved both dishes for us... fresh cut lettuce , tomatoes and all.Food was terribly bland. I would not return.
2	I was staying in Pittsburgh for business and this place wasn't too far away. I tried to go there for dinner the night before, but I couldn't find it. The light wasn't on. I ended up walking into a different restaurant. So, it's located above the Diamond Market and the door is right next to the Diamond Market on the right. You walk up a long flight of stairs and you're there. The service here was pretty bad. I was sat by my server Aracely. She asked me if I wanted a drink when I sat. She brought it out and took my order of chicken fajitas. Someone else brought me my fajitas. I never saw my server or anyone else again the rest of lunch. Mind you there were only about 10 people eating in the entire restaurant. I finished my Pepsi about half way through my meal, so it sat empty the rest of the time as I had to eat the ice to wash down the fajita. I ordered the corn tortillas, I only got 4 of them. They were small and I had lots of food left on my plate with no tortillas to put them in. Plus I hadn't seen my server in about 15 minutes. I finished my meal. The server shows up, takes my plate and asks if I want a refill. Of course I don't, I'm finished. Didn't bother with dessert or anything else. Not going to go back. Food was average and service was horrible. Too bad too since it's really close to my hotel and I have 2 more days here and I love Mexican food.
3	I chose to only give Last Velas three stars because of lackluster service. It's something that seemed to have been missing recently when I stopped in for lunch with my parents on a Saturday afternoon. The food is good, not amazing, just good. Location is great...being in the heart of Pittsurgh's historical Market Square. Check it out.
5	This is the hole-in-the-wall of the Market Square restaurants downtown; I'd never have found if someone hadn't known where the door to the place is. I want to note now that I've only been here once for a spontaneous dinner date - and that only happened because Olive or Twist was completely and totally booked. But now I'm absolutely dying to go here again. The meal I had here hit the spot perfectly.I'm not even a major fan of Mexican food, so it's very rare for me to heap this sort of praise on Mexican restaurants. I ordered the pork quesadillas, and have to say, they were spot on - also a surprising statement coming from me, because I'm not a major fan of pork, probably because a lot of the time people overcooked pork dishes when I was younger and I grew up thinking all pork is just dry and pretty tasteless. Places like Las Velas remind me that nope, this is not the case - and bless them for it! My meal came with plenty of both the main course and the necessary toppings to spread on each individual quesadilla as I saw fit.By the way, even if the food wasn't amazing here, I think I would still consider myself a major fan of this place just because of their supremely delicious Peach Margaritas (dying to go back and try the raspberry one). It just so happens that the food is as good as the drinks.I'll note that even on a not-so-busy night, I, like other reviewers, experienced a little teensy bit of drag in service. Still, I had company and we wanted to talk, so I think as long as I avoid coming here alone or when I'm starving, I'd be able to tolerate this as easily as I did during my first meal here. Still, I can see this being a drawback for folks, so just know it's a possibility here and be prepared. Bring company or a book.
5	Went for lunch! Amazing - great service & great food.  Esp the chicken tortilla soup, YUM!
2	Went here before the ballet on Saturday...server was good, food was pretty tasty, not the best Mexican but decent enchiladas for the price--I disagree with another review that said chips are great--pretty bland, but guac was good.  They charged us $13 each for a margarita when the menu lists them as 7.50--one size--we asked the waitress who sent over the manager (bartender also) who said they were in the process of re-printing their menus and there are 2 sizes/prices... that is bait and switch...no one mentioned there were two sizes when we ordered! And 13 bucks for a house marg???-- this isn't NYC.  He didnt want to comp anything, then he said he would comp one drink each---which was fair--then when the new bill came he took 6.00 off each bill.  wtf.  I mean if you want repeat business just comp a damn overpriced drink  already, make the patron happy, and we would probably go back and give it another try.  instead, he pissed off four people who eat out all the time...we won't go back.  Oh, and they took my number and assured me the owner would be calling to discuss our dissatisfaction....rigggghhhttttt.  still waiting on that call
2	Chips and salsa were good but that's where it ended. Dry meat on my tacos, my wife had a really bad salad. Chicken coated with sauce that was more like Italian sauce than anything Mexican.
4	I'm surprised that this place only has three stars...because I had the BEST QUESADILLA EVER when I ate there.  My friend and I wanted something before we went to the arts festival and we were seated quickly and the service was good.
1	Service was terrible! We ordered way too much food and the waitress did not care to tell us. The "family style" fajita dinner is basically fajitas for one times 3! Didn't understand their menu at all. They charge for chips and salsa and even extra tortillas when we had three fajita dinners. The best thing was the chips and the guacamole, but we won't be back.
3	Food is above average but the value is average. Wait times during lunch can be quite long. Good veg options is that is your thing.  Overall nothing that strongly makes me want to go back.
2	Las Velas' space on the second floor overlooking Market Square is among the best real estate on the square--great view, feels great especially when the weather is nice (they open great big windows when it's sunny).The food, however, is another story. This is my third visit to this restaurant and probably my last. Although not of low quality--better than most Mexican restaurants I have visited in Pittsburgh and in SW Pennsylvania--this restaurant is by no means great, especially compared to others in downtown and around Market Square.I had the burrito salad, a big disappointment. My greens and veggies were soaked in a salty and spicy sauce--yuck! It came with onions, mushrooms, bell peppers, black beans, chicken, and some kind of cheese sprinkled on top.My advice: stay away!
1	Blah-tastic,.  You know it's restaurant like this that stay open for decades and no that is not a good thing.  I got the shrimp tacos, can some one please tell me how can you F#%K up a shrimp taco? There were 2 shrimp inside of each taco and the were breaded and fried!!! In my universe shrimp tacos should always be made with grilled shrimp and especially if 2 tacos cost $8.00!!! It makes no difference to me if the Mexican food I am eating is authentic or not.  I love TexMex food but what I don't love is old freezer burned fried shrimp in my tacos. What a disgrace.
2	First, let me preface my review by saying that I am not a Mexican food fan. I have Cuban and Puerto Rican family and really prefer these cuisines over Mexican. When I found out that my workplace's dinner to Il Pizzaiolo was changed to Las Velas, I was pretty disappointed. My coworkers and I started off dinner with drinks, and I selected the House Margarita. Personally, the drink was a bit strong in alcohol yet way too sweet. For food, we started with appetizers for the whole group; chips with guacamole and salsa dotted the table. This was actually my favorite part of the meal. The chips were perfectly salted and crispy. The guacamole was mild and smooth while the salsa provided a fire roasted kick. Though we were a large group, dinner took a very long time, approximately 1 1/2 hours from ordering to serving. We quickly became antsy, especially since our meetings started very early the next morning. We saw folks around us sit down and enjoy their food as we were still waiting for ours. Eventually, our food emerged from the kitchen, including my steak fajitas. The steak was a little chewy and tough while the tortillas were a bit hard. The leftovers have been sitting in my fridge, and I have little motivation to finish them.
2	Note to self.  Take Mexican off the cuisine types to have in Pittsburgh.  Nothing can ever compare to the authentic, cheap, and just plain good stuff in the Mission.  I went into the dinner & drinks with low expectations because I was excited to see friends.The margaritas are overly sweet and syrupy, but the bartender that served them is HAUTE!We started the dinner off with chips & guac, and the guac was definitely the blandest I've ever had missing the core elements of salt, lime, flavor.  I brought it to the waitress's attention and requested salsa to spice it up.  We incorporate the lime wedges from the margaritas and some salt, which made it edible.For our entree, we ordered 2 rounds of tacos.  The fish was ok, batter was very flavorful, but much too heavy.  The carnitas was over cooked and dried out.  Just not good.Service was decent, and the prices weren't bad, but I would never return.  Even for the HAUTE bartender.
2	Pros: Chips, Guac, and SalsaCons: Average, uninspired entrees, and a customer unfriendly reservation policy. Even if you make a reservation and follow their rules on when exactly to arrive (11:45 AM) they won't seat you until all of your party arrives. This would be okay if there was room to sit or stand comfortably in the main part of the restaurant, but there's not. It was annoying to see other people without reservations seated while we were squashed against a wall. If we were offered seats at the bar right away, that would have been slightly better, but it didn't occur to anyone to do that until 10 minutes later and our full party had arrived. Poor customer service.
3	So after visiting on a few occasions I have visited this carefully crafted pseudo Mexican restaurant I am ready to weigh in on it's qualities.First let's start on the critiques, having come from the West Coast I am intimately familiar with the awesomeness of authentic spot on Mexican food. Las Velas attempts to meet this authenticity but it all seems disingenuous and forced. They are trying to capture the feel  but instead it feels like a hipsters view of a bar in Puerto Vallarta. That's it the only "negative" I can find. Now let's rock the good stuff!Their house margarita is ROCK SOLID!!! Two of their tall house margarita's had me with that warm fuzzy feeling in my tummy! Great when only having two and I'm no lightweight! The burrito's are done in the wet burrito style which makes for a great burrito but last time there was no question what kind of meat I wanted just delivery of my ordered burrito and NO MEAT! Good burrito but felt unfulfilled without good meat in the middle.The good is solid Mexican fare but nothing jumps out at me as a WOW except that killer house Margarita! If you're looking for solid food with killer margarita's then this is your stop! Trust me living DAHN TAHN I'll be back!!!
5	We had our monthly group dinner at Las Velas on Sunday, Dec. 8. The space was great, bright and clean. The staff was friendly and attentive. There was a Steeler's game on and plenty of TV screens gave everybody a perfect view of the game. It wasn't the reason of our outing but still was a nice touch to the overall experience. The presentation of food was great and my fajita salad with shrimp was just fabulous! The service could have been a bit faster but since we enjoyed our conversations and chips/salsa/guac we didn't really suffer :)Overall, everybody was happy with the restaurant, service and food.Definitely coming back here!
4	Good spot in market square for drinks and food. Great appetizers and wide selection of tequila. Not a fan of their soups. Bartender named Richard was nice enough to let me print my ticket for justin timberlake. Slower service but overall always have a great time there! Limited seating at the bar.
2	Maybe we went too late, but our "fresh made chips with salsa" were cold and stale. Our meals were both terrible, like they were frozen or made a week ago. I got the mango chipotle chicken. My husband got sopapitas. We just threw away our to go boxes because we didn't want the food. Our waiter was outstanding and we didn't want to offend him. He was so good! The margaritas were delicious. My advice is to go early. We went late at like 8:30...
4	Went there with a large group of people with last minute plans and was thankful to stillsnag a table without reservations on a Friday night. We came right before happy hour was over and decided to get margaritas seeing it is a Mexican restaurant. The drinks were great... And cheap! Very rarely do I think you can find fulfilling drinks that aren't overpriced in the market square, but this place has them. They paired great with the homemade chips & guacamole!
4	Fresh Chips and salsa/ queso are awesome. My steak burrito wasn't seasoned but weighed about 2 lbs.. I would have seasoned it myself , but there weren't any salt/pepper shakers, or hot sauce on any of the tables and the in attentive Wait staff was of no help. My friends chicken fajitas were great and seasoned well. Service was slow as molasses. Overall a good experience. Just don't be in a rush to get out
4	Great Mexican food in Market Square. The chilaquiles are delicious. It's fried nachos with a tomatillo sauce and sour cream. They are the best nachos I've had. The service can be a bit slow but the chips and dip are good enough that you don't notice.
4	The food is excellent!  Great quality for decent cost. The service is quiet but friendly and the decor is great. Good food, good drinks, good atmosphere.
3	Food is great. Service is awful. Bartender really couldn't handle the 8 people at the bar. And he messed up mine and the two men next to me orders. either way the food was great. Lots of tequila :) I'll be back,  only because I love mexican.
2	I went here with some coworkers for happy hour and was not so impressed. The restaurant itself has a nice location overlooking Market Square, but the service and food were not great.We took advantage of the happy hour special on margaritas and those were decent. Everyone enjoyed their drinks, which were huge and pretty strong.Appetizers are also half-off during happy hour, so we decided to order a bunch to split for dinner. Among the things I tried were the sopecitos; four thick corn tortillas that were topped (one each) with chicken, steak, carnitas, and chorizo. The meat was okay, but the tortillas did not taste fresh. Also, the dish was only lukewarm when served.I also tried the empanadas which were okay. I ordered them with beef. There really isn't much I can say, they were just bland and "meh."There were a few other dishes that were not very memorable. The one thing that we all loved were the flautas. I wish we had just gotten several plates of these instead of everything else!We also had issues with the service. The food took almost an hour (for appetizers!) and one of the dishes was incorrect once it was finally brought out. I sent it back and did not request a replacement, but the incorrect dish was still on my check. I had them remove it but the whole experience was annoying.
5	Excellent food. Intimate sized restaurant, seems as though the gentleman who took our drink order may need a little more training but with the right tools would be just fine.  There were three of us and we ate lunch specials, enchiladas, mahi tacos, and chiles rellenos.  I got the chiles rellenos- I was worried about the spice level but it was so great, a clean taste and just the right amount of heat.  I am SO glad I decided not to take the negative reviews seriously, because everything was great.  We even forgot to ask to have our checks split in the beginning, we apologized and asked at the end... even the chips and guacamole was split between three checks and we only got one order of them.  We really didnt wait long at all for the food, the server girl was very nice.  I will be going back again and again, that's for sure!
5	Consistantly the best mexican food in the city. I have tried every other mexican joint and still nothing stacks up to Las Velas. My personal favorite is the fish tacos and the il cilantro. I try to make it out at least one every couple of months.
1	Bland guacamole. Cold bland burrito which came with a small salad of limp iceberg lettuce and pink mealy tomatoes. Disorganized, slow service. This place is the worst. I would have sent my cold burrito back, but the server seriously disappeared for half an hour. Not much else to say about it except that it's probably the worst "Mexican" restaurant in Pittsburgh.
4	Omg, can't believe I've missed a Mexican restaurant in/near Pittsburgh!  Went here with my miserable (Pitt lost) husband after a game. No friends were in tow...so perfect for trying a new restaurant. We got a window seat right away and continued to love the night. I had the chicken enchiladas and my husband had a burrito....along with the chips, salsa, drinks......soooo good. Fresh, large portions..hubby admitted (after fried ice cream) it was a winner!
5	I loved my dinner here! My boyfriend and I splurged on this meal. For appetizers, we got fried jalapenos and chips with queso. The queso was alright. The jalapenos were delicious and the accompanying sauce was just so good. My boyfriend got chicken fajitas and loved them. I'm a vegetarian and went with tomatillo enchiladas. Mmmm. Delicious. We finished off the night with churros which were okay. My biggest complaints are that it is chilly in the restaurant, even when we visited in the summer, and that service is a little slow... The waiters/waitresses are not often around. But good food! :)
4	While touring Market Square with some out of towners, we  stumbled upon Las Velas. I say stumbled upon because it is very easy to not even realize this place exists. We only knew about it because a guy over at Wingharts raved about the margs. The door is in between the Oyster place and the Diamond grill place and leads directly into a stairway that takes you up onto the second floor. This is fantastic, as every seat in the house has a view of the square. This would be an excellent stopping spot for a day when a lot is going on down there. We had a couple of dishes here, and none of them disappointed. The chips were fresh and the food was tasty. The service was pretty quick as the place doesn't ever seem to be packed.If you have a craving for some Mexican food and feel the need to watch over the town while you sip on an ice cold beer stop in to this place.
5	my coworkers and I go here for lunch all the time.  the guac. is great and always a must for us.  The food always tastes fresh and delicious.  We love it and can never wait to go back!  the service is okay, but I usually don't expect much during the busy downtown lunch rush time.  All-in-all, I say it's definitely a must place to try if you are ever downtown.
2	The food was good but there seemed to be a lack of communication and no consistency between morning staff and night staff. My friend ordered the same drink 3 time and got 3 completely different drinks. I ordered the shrimp ceviche. It was  good but very spicy. I never had it before so I can't judge on good it really was. The queso was delicious ! I do have to say I was very happy they moved happy hour to 3:30 ( it's normally starts at 5) for us because we had such a large group.
