4	The slogan for Teriyaki Madness is "Warning: Highly addictive food" I would have to say that is very accurate, I am a level 2 addict of their spicy chicken bowls. It has a little kick to it, but it is sooo good. Healthy Food, Elvis impersonator as a mascot, in a nice clean restaurant. Count me in.
5	This is one of those random places that I crave constantly. I get the chicken breast with brown rice or sometimes mix it up with their noodles. You can add veggies, too. You can really create whatever you want with the meat, carb and veggie options-- a great place to suit numerous taste buds. The meat is hot, the flavor is simple, fresh and the tangy teriyaki sauce is perfect.  The prices are terribly reasonable and they're quick, so it's perfect for lunch or grabbing dinner on the way home. In fact, I think I'm going to go grab some lunch from them now....
5	THE BEST TERIYAKI PLACE EVER!!! The Teriyaki sauce is awesome. The meat is awesome. I have already tried the chicken (my favorite so far), the spicy chicken, the beef, the pork, and the yakisoba.....all are freakin' fabulous and tasty. The sesame seed dressing that comes with the side salad is to die for. It's super sweet. I will definitely be back again and again.
5	Excellent service and excellent food.  Love their combo plates with noodles instead of rice.. yum!
4	Went here on a coupon. Great coupon deals by the way.Got a buy one get one free deal so i decided on a chicken plate and yakisoba. The co-owner was very nice through the whole ordering process and threw in a free macaroni salad for my first visit.The food didnt meet my expectations but was very good. I was expecting a lot more flavors and assumed that if i got a plate it would at least come with some vegetables other then just meat and grain. Anyway lets break this down:Brown riceCooked perfectly had a very nice textureChickenHad really nice grilled taste seeing how it's grilled, the sauce was just poured over. Was expecting a lot more but the tasted of grilled meat with a sauce that complements it just shut me up and made me enjoy my food.Vegetable YakisobaMore like a chow mein then yakisoba. most likely would never order again.Overall the food wasn't exactly what i was expecting but was still very enjoyable with an energetic and welcoming co-owner
3	Out of all the teriyaki joints this one is OK. I usually order the chicken combination. It comes with the following; Grilled Chicken, Rice, Small salad...Vegetables is offered at a additionalThe chicken is decent with a good sauce. They have a bunch of Siracha sauce for your use. The rice at times can be a little on the sticky side, but the it's not too bad. The Vegetables is usually on the a bit of the bland side, but what can you do? Over all it's not a bad joint, I would go back there, but too bad they're not open late night?
5	I've become a Teriyaki Madness fan! I initially found TM for my husband since he loves chicken teriyaki. I can't get enough of this stuff!!!!I usually get the chicken teriyaki bowl with white rice and veggies. They give you a very generous portion of veggies and chicken. Flavorful and tasty! I've also tried the gyoza and shrimp tempura - both also very good.My husband likes the macaroni salad. Although he wishes they would give a bigger portion of it. He's also tried one of their plate dishes. He had to take the leftovers home.Very good price for the portion they give. Friendly staff. One of my favorite places to go to.
4	If you are looking for a simple and somewhat healthy substitute to fast food, this place will definitely do the trick. I have been there 5 times over the last month or so and I have gotten the spicy chicken plate each time. The spicy chicken is a great combination of sweet and spicy. The plate comes with a side salad, which is pretty bland. However, the salad dressing is very tasty.
4	Cool place! I got the chicken bowl with a coupon (buy one get one for free with 2 drinks). But I recommend add veg on the side and fried rice, personally I don't like steam rice :)Service is not bad and fast enough! Give a try! Maybe you will like it.... if you love Asian food!
5	I love this place. I usually eat here once a week. The food is constantly excellent. I typically go for the Spicy Chicken Teriyaki plate. It comes with a small salad and is more than enough food to get me full. The other menu selections are just as good too. They have beef and pork Teriyaki as well. They also have apps like Crab Rangoon, Gyoza. As all as a few other menu items that I haven't tried yet. You can get a plate or bowl. The plate comes with the small salad I mentioned earlier and the bowl does not. Both come with white steamed rice standard but you can (for an extra charge) sub fried rice brown rice or noodles. Be on the look out for buy one get one free coupons. That makes the an even better deal. All in all it's a great place to eat and well worth the money.
4	4 Stars Baby. I have now been here twice and I am a fan! This place is a great little find but easily missed due to a tucked away location... Just look for the obnoxious Taco Bell and it is right behind it ;)I think I am addicted to the "Spicy Chicken" on Brown Rice! My wife also loves their Chicken Teriyaki with Veggies. The food is super fresh and somewhat of a very basic menu. It isn't authentic Asian cuisine, but I will not go to Panda anymore if this is an option!The restaurant is very clean and has a sports bar feel to it. NFL banners and Rock n' Roll posters are on display and they have a big HD TV for the games... The service is always friendly and very speedy! All in all, we will be repeat customers and if you are in the area, check it out... Cheers
4	If there is a better teriyaki chicken place here in Vegas, please let me know because Teriyaki  Madness is awesome!Had all you need to have here... the Teriyaki Chicken meal w/ steamed white rice and a salad.  Funny how the simplest things are the best and this meal is no different.  Great sauce & chicken definitely make the meal.Can't wait to go back for more :)
5	They warn their food is highly addictive and they're not joking!I usually get the Teriyaki Chicken / Spicy Chicken Plate with steamed white rice and macaroni salad.I've been eating here for the past 2 years and I've never had a single time when I was disappointed with their food.
4	My Usual: Teriyaki Plate, with noodles and macaroni salad. It's fast food and super dee duper goonie goo goo good! I LOVE THEIR NOODLES. Their noodles are like ramen noodles but I love that they add garlic powder, I hearts garlic and I'm a sucker for noodles! And I always dip 'em into the Siracha sauce that they've got available on the tables. "Best fast food spot for Teriyaki", says my palette!The chicken can be a little on the dry side
3	First time here. Got to say the service was great. As for the food, it was a-ok!  I was impressed with how quick the food came out especially since there was quite a few people there. I ordered the pork teriyaki and chicken katsu. A good sized portion. The mac salad was great! There was something about it that I can't quite figure out. I was expecting some type of mac salad that you would get at a hawaiian bbq place.Anyways, a good go to place for lunch. :o)
3	Just moved to the area this week and I was looking for a place that would be good enough to make me and my girlfriend regulars.  This one was very close to us, and the menu looked good, so we gave it a shot.It's a little difficult to find, as Google Maps puts it on the wrong intersection.  But, if you're not as map-deficient as I am, it shouldn't be too difficult (it's right near the Taco Bell).  I got the Chicken Teriyaki plate with the macaroni salad.  I was expecting a LOT of food since the website says the portions are generous.  The macaroni salad, however, was in a very tiny cup - prior to opening it, in fact, I mistook it for soy sauce or teriyaki sauce.  Quality of food was good, but was not exceptional, either.  The chicken was well-prepared.  The rice was a bit dry on the outside, but sticky in the middle, as if it had been sitting for a while.I'll probably go again, just because it's so close.  But, my search for a good chicken teriyaki will definitely continue.Also, just an FYI, the profile on Yelp says they deliver, but they do not.
3	This is a good distance from the strip, and probably not worth it unless you are really in the mood for chicken - which we were!The spicy chicken is definitely spicy - lots of flavor in the sauce.  Service was great, prices were a little high for what you get.  Great for a quick meal, but probably not worth driving/paying for unless you are in the area for some other reason.
3	I used to say this was my favorite rest in Vegas. Now it is just ok.  The Spicy Chicken plate is great, but it seems like the portions have been cut in half. I used to be able to make 2 meals off one plate...Not any more.  They also nickel and dime you for extra sauce, rice or noodle substitutions. I would have given this rest a 5 back in 2008. Now only a 3...AVERAGE
4	This place is one of my favorite Asian Style restaurants in Vegas (in the low price range). I have been there 3 times already since we moved to Vegas 3 months ago. They have beef, chicken, vegetables, noodles, and rice. Their spicy Teriyaki chicken is very popular. The portions are big, except for salad or their mac&cheese. My favorite is their spicy chicken with noodles and vegetables. I would not eat there more than once a month. But all in all this is a great place to go if you are in the area anyways and hungry for some asian food.
5	Oh Teriyaki Madness, how I love thee!!The food is awesome and the service never disappoints!My favorite has got to be the low carb plate with chicken. Make that spicy chicken and it becomes amazing! So amazing that I haven't gotten anything else. Yummy sweet and spicy chicken that burns so good and a delicious mix of cabbage, onion, broccoli and my absolute fav--Zucchini!  The only time I've tried other items such as the teriyaki chicken, egg rolls, orange chicken, salad, etc. is when I've been mooching off someone else's plate! :)  For the past seven months, my boyfriend and I have come here at least once a week and have always had an awesome experience! In short, Teriyaki Madness has great service, delicious food and generous portions!
5	We went here 2 days in a row :) Its so yummy and very affordable. Very fast and very friendly but you don't seem like a number when your there. We can't wait to go back again and again. The portions are a great size. Keep the portions up and the prices where they are and they will be around forever. :)
2	One step above Panda Express....that's about it. The veggies that come with most things are pretty fresh, I will give them that......but that's about all.This place is probably 3 stars if they lowered the prices, but they just want to upsell you  at every corner of the boring little menu. And for that...yea....I'm taking away a star..50c to make it SPICY! Now that's what I call Teriyaki Madness. I have to make it spicy just so I want to eat it. What next? Napkin fee....Fork upgrade charge....entry fee ($30 guys, $20 girls)?I will say in their defense, the staff is very friendly, and very helpful and at walking you through the menu and explaining the minute differences between two things that seem identical.
3	Yet another Groupon alert. I just can't say no when I see a place in my area offer a Groupon. The place was just ok. I ordered the spicy chicken bowl and although I like the heat, I wasn't a huge fan of the flavor. It had a sweet flavor that I disliked and I wasn't a big fan of the rice. The shrimp tempura we shared was ok and the orange chicken and chicken teriyaki I tried from both my fella and my mom's plate were pretty tasty. I liked the texture of the orange chicken, despite not typically liking the orange sauce most places use.All in all, it's a good little fast food teriyaki place. I'd recommend it for a quick on the go meal, but it's just ok overall. I'd probably go back, but only if I had another coupon.
4	I was not expecting much when I walked in here but they have some really good food. Spicy Chicken is pretty good. Definitely better than any other establishment in it's genre in my opinion. thank you for the tip Kristie R. having it spicy makes all the difference. I can't wait to try the rest of the dishes.
3	I'd have to say that Teriyaki Madness is one of the better Teriyaki fast food joints around.  They offer a variety of meats (chicken, pork, beef teriyaki, chicken katsu, orange chicken).  The food isn't really authentic Asian or anything, but it sure beats Panda Express!My favs here are the beef and chicken teriyaki.  They say they grill everything to perfection and they're sort of right?  Everything is always cooked pretty good!  It's never dry and very flavorful.  Their teriyaki sauce is really good and is the perfect consistency.  I also like getting their mac salad.  It's better than just getting a plain garden lettuce salad on the side.  If you trying to eat healthy, this is a pretty good option for a quick meal.  Just get the chicken breast, sauce on the side, brown rice and veggies.  Done!I also love their gyoza's.  They are kind of small, but not a bad deal for less than 3 bucks.Their plates are around 7-8 bucks and their bowls around 6.  Quality food, but kind of pricey.  It can kind of add up if you try customizing your meal with the brown rice, veggie add ons, etc.  The portions aren't exactly huge or anything - each plate is just enough for one person IMO.  So for 2 people, you're looking to spend at least 20 bucks for dinner which is kind of a lot for fast food.  If not for the price I would give it one more star!This particular location on Warm Springs is pretty nice compared to the one I used to frequent on Eastern and Maryland.  Its clean and the service is quick and nice. Always keep an eye out for coupons/groupons... I always see coupons in the newspaper and online.
4	First time here. Food is fresh, fast and delicious!!
4	I gotta say...for quick fresh Asian food on the go, this my my spot!Always good quality and you get a lot for your dollar.  Great kids menu options too!
4	This restaurant is very very good ....ive been there mutiple times and never a dissipointment i usually get the spicy beef or chicken bowl and steamed vegetables sooo good =)  honestly ive really never eaten inside but it seems nice always take out....
4	Ordered teriyaki chicken and it was good. The order was freshly made so it took a bit longer. Good customer service and clean shop.
5	I do enjoy their food a lot. The bowls are well filled with food, they dont skimp on anything. Their shrimp tempura is very very good. for fast food asian food. excellent.
5	One of my favorite late nite stops. The food is always good and the portions are large. I wish they were in other locations...Hint, Hint....lol
4	I came here with a coupon for a free entree with purchase of two large drinks and an entree. We ordered two Yakisoba entrees (about $8 ea.), 6 pieces of gyoza ($3), and two large drinks to go. I'm glad we came in when we did (12:15pm) because, just a few minutes after we ordered, they had their lunch rush and the line got very long. We just had to wait about 5 minutes for our food and they gave us lots of containers, so we could load up on Sriracha. They included forks, teriyaki and gyoza sauce, lots of napkins, and chopsticks in our to go bag. When we got home and took out our entrees, the first thing I noticed was how large the portions were. The Yakisoba was put in an average white Styrofoam container, but it was PACKED with the noodles; More than enough for lunch AND dinner. There were lots of grilled chicken pieces and zucchini, which I loved. I'll admit, it wasn't oozing with flavors or anything, but it tasted delicious after I dumped some Sriracha and teriyaki sauce on it. I really loved the Gyoza though. So fresh and so perfectly cooked with a nice little crisp on the outside. For less than 3 bucks for 6 pieces, it's quite a deal. Our whole meal for the both of us came out to $16 because of the coupon I had. If I ever came back, I'd probably stick to getting just a bowl though, unless I'm going to share because the plates/entrees are very large. Tip*Text "TMAD" to 53535 for some deals!
5	Ok i had to write another review and up this place to 5 starsThis place has a sign outside that says "warning highly addicting" its so true!!!Since i went here the 1st time i haven't been able to stay away id say I probably eat here at least 3 times a week NO JOKE! I love this place and cant get enough of their Spicy Chicken Plate the chicken is good quality and the sauce they use is sooo yummy and very spicy they give two generous scoops of rice to go with it as well as a delicious salad that has a sweet dressing. I always order the spicy chicken plate and if you like spicy you wont be disappointed.Great foodGood service HIGHLY ADDICTING
4	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (23 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!If you're craving a quick teriyaki meal, this place is your best bet.  They take call in orders for immediate pick up, but to order and wait, it doesn't take that long either.  They have quite a few options and I love that they have the option to have brown rice with your meal, or noodles.  I always order the chicken or beef teriyaki bowl with brown rice, a side of macaroni salad, shrimp tempura, and if I'm really hungry, I'll even add some fried gyoza.  The food definitely fills me up as the portions are a good zie, it tastes good, and is still good if you want to save a little bit for later on in the day. The zip code booklets in the mail usually have a coupon for this place, or check your Von's Market coupon too!
3	Great quality chicken! Chicken Teriyaki bowl is yummy. Excellent portion sizes. They need better forks and knives, the forks are flimsy. Fun atmosphere and worth the price! Will definitely be a regular here. Bring your own flatware - lol !
4	Great food, good location! Only problem I have with this place is it takes FOREVER to get your food, even if u call ahead!! Prob get my food faster at a sit down restaurant
5	Mmmm! My kind of fast food. This is an awesome place for takeout or a quick meal. It never fails I always get the same thing. The Teriyaki Chicken bowl with brown rice and I add grilled veggies for $1. Sometimes when I'm feeling a little naughty Ill get a veggie egg roll too. The Teriyaki sauce is amazing, and they put it on light unlike most places that will drown your rice in it. This is an awesome healthier alternative to a typical fast food restaurant. You can always call in an order to be picked up in roughly 15 minutes. The service is always pleasant and my order has always been correct. I def suggest this place!
3	We came on Sunday afternoon and ordered the chicken katsu bowl and the spicy chicken teriyaki plate for 16.- Perfect intensity of spice! Not too hot where you'll be trying to calm the flame in your mouth with a drink.- Nice crisp of chicken katsu. Not too breaded and oily like L&Ls.- Kikkoman spicy teriyaki marinade fail. I love the marinade bc I use it myself. It Pretty much tastes the same. - A bit expensive. Expected. franchise prices. Should be 4 bucks for a bowl and 6 for the plate. - Horrible Mac salad. I thought this place is Japanese? - I'd opt for island flavor just a mile away.
3	Entertainment book 2012 has a BOGO up to 7 buckaroos.... and thats basically the best part of it. I didn't think the meat had a lot a flavor and to top it off, the guy at the register was grumpy and I didn't feel that welcoming feeling like other places.
5	We enjoy this establishment for the great service, quality food and friendly employees. They also offer great coupon deals for those on a budget. This place is on our list of go to's when we can't think of something new to try. It's always a no brainer when you want something good and close to home. My favorite like many others is the spicy chicken/BBQ beef plate with brown rice Yum!
4	Only the BEST teriyaki in town...This is a great spot for TASTY grab n' go. My fave meal is the spicy chicken yakisoba (try it with some of the signature teriyaki sauce - OMG) with edamame. I recommend calling ahead, it can be busy with a wait time (they cook to order) around lunch and after-work hours.
4	I really enjoy the teriyaki chicken & rice bowl from here, I have never been disappointed with it. I do find the prices a tad bit high for what you get but the consistency of the food makes me want to continue to order from here.
5	The spicy chicken bowl is fantastic. I just get the meat with brown rice.
4	Spicy chicken with brown rice bowl was amazing! Grilled to order, super flavorful! The only reason why I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the prices are kinda high. Up-charge for brown rice, up-charge for veggies etc. But it's really good food, so I'll be back anyway, just not as often probably.
5	Food is always good.  Service is great and place is clean! I am a regular.
3	We came to Teriyaki Madness for the first time on 3/23/2013. My first impression of the place was good it smells great even from the outside and the dining area is very clean. The only thing that was a bit awkward was the "line area" because at 3 people waiting to order the line was already to the door I'd hate to see what a busy day is like. The menu seemed fairly simple and straight forward you can get a bowl of rice (steamed, fried, brown)with your choice of meat and with veggies or a "yakisoba" basically noodles instead of rice veggies and your choice of meat. We ordered the Chicken Katsu Plate, a Yakisoba shrimp and chicken plate, 1 vegetable eggroll an order of Shrimp Tempura (comes in a 4 or 6 option) and 2 drinks. The total came out to 31.92 which for teriyaki I thought was a bit pricey but the place was packed and it definitely seemed like it may be worth it. The one thing that did stand out to me about the ambiance was that it felt as if I was at a protein bar at an athletic club since everyone was in track suits, jump suits, or just plain gym attire. I wasn't sure if I was "fit" enough to b dining here lol.The food did take a long time to come out and I noticed that if you order your food to go it seems to come out quicker than if you simply order to dine in. I saw at least 3-4 people that placed their orders after I placed mine and they were delivered their food before I had mine. It couldn't have been that my meal was that difficult to make as it seemed like they were handing out similar trays to what I received when my food finally arrived. The cashier was kind enough to bring out the egg rolls and shrimp tempura order to the table and stated to us that the food would be out shortly. The food was ready about 3-4 minutes after the egg rolls came out and I went to pick the order up at the pickup window. The chicken katsu was good and tasted decent the sauce did have almost a hint of bbq ketchup id say which was quite delicious. The chicken katsu plate was fried chicken sauce and rice. The Yakisoba plate was a mixture of noodles with vegetables like broccoli cabbage and carrots. The chicken was tasteful and had a hint of char to it which was great. The shrimp on the other hand was chewy and was very very over cooked I felt as if I was chewing on a rubber eraser. The eggroll was great and the shrimp tempura was delicious.Definitely was a great experience and will be making a prompt return. I will probably say "NAY" to the shrimp though.
4	Good food. And you can tell that it is prepared all natural and fresh.
5	Amazing!  I travel to Las Vegas often for business and I make sure that I stop in and get me a "Spicy Chicken Bowl" before I head back home.  The staff is usually friendly and the place is moderately busy.  I wish there was a Teriyaki Madness in San Diego, I would be their best fan.  ;)
5	Soo good really liked the spicy chicken
4	It always see some Teriyaki Madness driving around the valley so finally decided too try one out for myself. Besides I was looking for something healthy for post workout meal. Really is there anything better then chicken teriyaki bowl? Ok probably there is but enjoy my chicken and rice! I decided too try the spicy chicken with white rice (they do offer brown rice or noodles as substitutes) and order side of vegetables too. The portion size I was surprised since for  the most part Teriyaki Madness its japanese fast food. You get healthy portion of chicken!! The chicken was cooked on point nice moist with nice grilled marks on the outside. It had little kick too it. Really not much but then again I like spicy food. I really enjoyed the vegetables. Found unlike other places they have better variety of vegetables then your standard broccoli, carrots, or cabbage any combination. Unlike standard teriyaki you can tell take time too saute everything in pan well seasoned not steamed bland vegetables. The mac salad honestly was failure too me. I am just use too local plate lunch style mac salad. Unfortunately this different style just not for me. Apparently they just renovated the whole interior of the restaurant. You can tell fresh coat of paint all around, and guess the counter area changed it up. Not that big of place but have plenty of seating options inside. I find it interesting tight fit all the tables were from one another. Every table has separate condiments (nice one of them is siracha). They have one television inside if need entertainment. The staff there is really friendly. They did great job of explaining things too me being first time. Overall really enjoyed it! If looking for an inexpensive meal for lunch or dinner. Teriyaki Madness great choice! They offer lot more stuff on the menu besides your teriyaki bowls. Sure can count on me coming back for more...
4	I can't believe I am finally getting around to writing a review of this place.I met a friend here over Spring Break.  It is pretty far from where I live and there are other Teriyaki Madness Restaurants that are closer to my side of town.  But, it was a great drive on a beautiful day so I was able to take advantage of the weather and my car stereo.It was easy to find and the parking was easy.  I hate it when I have to circle a parking lot to find a spot.  I walk in and see my friend then we headed up to the counter to order.  I had the low carb chicken bowl.  It was full of, obviously, chicken, broccoli and other veggies.  Everything was well cooked.  The broccoli was crisp, which I love.  I hate soggy veggies.  The place was no frills and comfortable.  The seating arrangements were nice.   It wasn't terribly busy when I got there but it did pick up before we left.  I usually come home with a doggy bag but it was easy to put everything down here.Anyhow, this place gets my 4 stars because I can't really think of a negative thing about this place.  Would I come here again? Not this location as it is a long drive. But if I was in the area? Then Yes.  But, I will go to one of the other locations near home.
5	Great chicken bowls. I have been to many other places that have chicken bowls, Some more expensive, some less. But so far this is the best chicken bowl in Las Vegas.
5	Spicy chicken bowl with veggies and brown rice is amazing!  18 points so its a great on program lunch if you're like me and doing Weight Watchers.  The staff is friendly and the place is always very clean despite how busy they are.
4	In the front door it's says the food is addicting and it sure is. Great take out for anyone that lives in the southwest area, the food here is very solid quality.
5	It's a solid chicken teriyaki bowl. What else can I say. Call ahead of time so you don't have to wait.
5	Good food!!!
1	The food here was terrible. Not exactly sure how this place got "Fresh" and "Asian" in their branding.  I've only gone once, and I'm afraid I will most likely not be returning because of a poor first impression.  A friend and I came here because we've heard several people give them a decent review.  We ordered a vegetarian and a chicken dish to go.  The chicken did not look nor taste fresh, and the vegetables were quite stale and bland to taste.  The teriyaki sauce was very watery.  After forcing ourselves to take a few more bites of our meals, we ended up throwing away our entrees.
4	I have survived in Las Vegas for 8 years now and I finally came in to check out what Teriyaki madness is all about!The first thing I noticed is the big Sriracha bottles on all of he tables, at that point I had a good feeling about the experience we were going to have.My sweet hunk of love man had gotten a free bowl coupon for his birthday so it was an Awesome opportunity to come in and give it a whirl.I decided on the Chicken Katsu bowl which is a Japanese breaded chicken deep-fried to a crispy golden, served with their signature katsu sauce.My honey ordered the Spicy Chicken which is chicken teriyaki stir-fried in a hot & spicy sauce. He loves spicy so that for sure did the trick in the spicy and flavor department.The food was fresh and tasty and they are nice sized bowls because I had to take half of mine home.I noticed that the store is very clean, everything is wok cooked fresh and the quality is pretty decent. We enjoyed our meal and the unlimited self serve drink refills so we will be back for sure.*********************************************************************************************My only gripe is the grumpy guy with zero personality at the counter as he was a real joy kill. This place is too good to have a young guy behind the counter turning people off with his " I hate my job and the world" attitude. I will keep my fingers crossed until my next visit and hope he was just having a bad day. If I encounter him again and he is the same I will make sure to make note of his name and post it in my next review!*********************************************************************************************
5	I love their food!!! I'm super addicted. They always make the food fresh to order. My favorite is the spicy chicken. It's very flavorful and has the perfect amount of smokiness to it. I love carbs, and I'm very picky when it comes to rice. I love how they don't use cheap, Chinese rice. Their white rice makes it even better to eat. I've also had their brown rice. It's really good. I bought a sack of brown rice, and I can never cook it the way they do. :( What I also love about them is their flexibility. They'll pretty much make it just the way you want it, and I'm a very picky girl. One last thing, their salad that comes with the plate is sooooo good. I've never had that type of dressing anywhere else. The lettuce is always fresh, and I am willing to eat it all day everyday. One last thing, their service is always awesome. The owners are very kind. One time, they were out of water cups when I asked for one. He told me they didn't have any more water cups so he just gave me one of those cups you get when you buy a drink. How nice of him! I was honest. Swear I only got water. :)This place is an example of "you get what you pay for."
5	Live their spicy teriyaki bowl! It's fast, healthy, reasonably priced and really good!! Definitely a great alternative to nasty mcdonalds & other fast food
3	A little more expensive than I think warranted. Noodles were good, I forgot to ask to add veggies, and she didn't ask. :(
3	This spot is right next to the cutest little flower shop in the southwest! its on warm springs and durango! This WAS the favorite to go lunch spot but recently things have been going south! If you shop across the street at vons, take a look at the back of the receipt. You might notice a coupon for teriyaki madness, now use it! I'm not going to lie, they used to have 20% off but now the coupon only reads a free drink with purchase. I did however join in the madness eclub which gave me an offer claiming 20%off which is a big plus. It is a little pricier than your typical rice spot, but it's usually fairly good. Today I tried the white meat which is an extra $1. It was so dry I couldn't eat it. I tried taking my leftovers home to eat it but it was too dryPros:Free wifi, really good teriyaki sauce,plenty seatingCons:Long lines, inconsistent coupons, crew members should be a little more cheerful. For the price of both our meal $14 we could have gone to sams club and picked up a 5lb bag of teriyaki chicken and cook it at home. I will of course be back, but today was just way off.
4	Great place to go after the gym ... The teryaki chicken has lots of protein, brown rice and lots of vegetables!
4	This place is down the street from our house so the bf & I come here a couple times a month.The service here is super friendly. The employees are always smiling & seem genuinely happy to be working here. The food is pretty good. I'm simple- I just get a chicken teriyaki bowl with white rice. The portions are pretty big so I always have leftovers. No complaints here
5	Love the chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies! Always fresh, made to order & fast service!! Caution sign does not lie..food is VERY addicting!
5	Love this place. Food is always great and ready fast. The employes are all american and speak English and the restaurant is clean and bright, a lot different from the teriyaki joints I'm used to. I usually call in my order and it it always ready by the time I arrive to pick it up. Wish they had a bigger beverage selection.
5	This is the best teriyaki I have had outside of Seattle which says a lot because I have tried many many places throughout California and beyond.The beef teriyaki is delicious, clearly marinated for a good period of time before getting grilled for order.The owner is very friendly as well, so I always like to support people like that.  I will definitely be back for my next trip to Vegas.
5	I've enjoyed this place off and on for the last few years. The only thing that kept me away was the price. It was reasonable if you wanted just dark meat teriyaki chicken & white rice. Everything else was an up charge. Well, it looks like they decided to change that. Now there are many choices included in the price. Which means, I'll be back a lot more. Spicy chicken breast bowl with brown rice & veggies is so yummy in my tummy!
2	Not the best beef teriyaki bowl I've ever had and it took over 20 minutes to get to me in a restaurant that was about 25% full of customers. I went with the standard beef teriyaki bowl with brown rice and veggies and we decided to grab the Shrimp Tempura appetizer for starters. The bowl itself was nothing out of the ordinary, the beef was decent, veggies were okay, and it seemed the highlight of the meal was there teriyaki sauce which was quite good. The Shrimp Tempura app wasn't bad, came with four pieces and had it's own dipping sauce. Overall my experience could only be summed up as mediocre with a long wait to start it all off. If I had known it was going to take so long I would have walked across the parking lot to Taco Bell for my appetizer.
5	This place reminded me of my old high school spot called SPIKE'sTERIYAKI BOWL in Cali. The teriyaki sauce and the chicken were all delish! The rice was cooked perfect too. I loved it that I was able to add more teriyaki sauce to my food.... Mmm mmmm gooood!
4	Hands-down the best and most fresh vegetables and teriyaki bowls in town!  I love this place. I used to go to samurai Sam's but the one near my work closed at random. That obviously didn't make me too happy but after trying Terryaki Madness I wasn't sad for long. I love that you can customize your bowl and they have a variety of different options including some Hawaiian dishes. It's always clean and smells good in the restaurant in the bathrooms believe it or not look great. That's a very important thing! What that tells me is that they do not only pay great attention to their food, but they also pay a lot of attention to the ancillary things that other restaurants let go. After the gym this is a protein in carb pack power lunch. Great for energy and increasing your metabolism! I highly recommend it especially for health goers. The only thing that I would try to find out is do they sell organic? Is there food non-GMO? That's important for me so I hope I get the answers I'm looking for.Terryaki Madness has a variety of locations across the city. And they were voted the best of Las Vegas. Check them out! I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
3	this place isn't anything special. I honestly think it's a bit overpriced. anyway I got the spicy chicken. it was decent but not memorable. staff is pretty friendly. I don't think I'll make a point to come back here again. it just doesn't stand out for me.
4	Awesome, great food and the owner is real nice and friendly. Service is always great. Food prices are little on the high side, but that won't stop me from returning.
5	I love it! I just wanted to make a note the bowls are microwavable!!! lol. I know that seems irrelevant to a lot of people but it is really useful when re warming food and you can re use the container over and over.
1	This place is a severe joke. I went there tonight, spent $20 on a meal that belonged to someone else, as I just assumed a restaurant would check the food prior to giving it to a customer for a to-go order. Not this place, the girls are more concerned with texting and chit-chatting with each other than listening to actual orders. And to top it off, they refused to provide me with a manager's name or contact information to address my complaint. AVOID Teriyaki Madness @ 8520 W. Warm Springs Rd., Ste. 102 Last Vegas, NV 89148 at all costs since they do not care about accuracy with orders, customer service and its crystal clear their management at that franchise location has no clue how to operate a business. Too bad, this place had promise prior to this experience, now I'll never return.
5	One of my fave lunch spots. Call in ahead before pick up to save time. For is always hot & fresh!
4	Great for a quick lunch spot that's filling, relatively healthy, and not fast food at all. They have no-carb and low-carb options, when I'm actually being healthful, and they have the best goddamn Crab Rangoons in the city. I could eat those by the bucket.My go-to meal is the katsu bowl with white rice and veggies, and it's pretty much chicken, rice, and veggies in equal portion. Let me reiterate that. It's a bowl, and it's not 80% rice. 33% chicken, 33% rice, 33% vegetable. Mind. Blown. The people are always friendly, and the service is fast, which makes it a perfect spot for a comfortable lunch. Take out and Eat in both cause equally few problems, and I can usually eat for under $10.Pros;- Good food, good folk, good pace, good prices. - Crab Rangoons, holy shit, crab rangoons.Cons: - There's not one in spring Valley. - For eat in, the restaurant is pretty darn small.
5	They have great food! Always clean in the store and you can even call ahead your order so you don't have to wait while they cook it fresh! Its not to long of a wait but at times it can be so to have this option available I love! This location is VERY hard to find though! More signs!!!!
5	Delicious food......! I had Spicy chicken Teriyaki and fried rice and I loved it with sriracha and teriyaki sauces
5	Love all the protein options! Perfect place for a post-workout meal. Love the quick service.
4	I love this place!  Great quick but healthy alternative to standard fast food or Chinese take out. I always get the same thing... but it's delicious. .. so why mess with perfection?   Spicy chicken bowl with brown rice and veggies,  and a side of edamame.  Yum!
5	I thought the food was great.  I love being able to customize my order with meat & vegetables with tofu as well. The flavor was just right & not too salty. Eating clean with convenience, what more could you want. You adjust your food to meet your macros.  The staff was very pleasant & helpful. Definitely a place I would go to frequently.  Wish there was one close to me.
4	I eat at this place like once a week. Always good. Big portions!  Menu is simple, service is quick, and staff is friendly. Highly recommended for a quick bite
4	Spicy Chicken... Need I say more. The food is good. Price is reasonable. Staff is friendly. No real downside.
5	Came in for my lunch hour from work to order a spicy chicken bowl with brown rice and vegetables and an iced tea to go.  The girl at the counter was friendly and my order came out quick!  Overall happy with service and food was excellent, ate half but couldn't finish and saved rest for next day and it was still good.
5	I don't see a reason for anything less than five stars. Service is prompt, professional, kind, and efficient. Everything is served as is should and as expected. Prices are awesome and restaurant is clean.
1	20 mins before closed told me they wouldnt make me a chicken bowl because didn't have any chicken already cooked and needed to clean up
5	Food is always satisfying and hits the spot. Chicken katsu Is the bomb! Person at the register always remembers my name..lol don't know if that's a good thing but it's nice to know that they remember repeat customers and repeat quality.
4	This is an easy place to come visit if you want easy food that is decently healthy, depending on your order of course.The selection isn't too vast where you get confused looking at the menu, but it has enough items where you can make yourself a decent combination of items. They have a bowl or plate option, depending on your level of hunger. Along with their variety of meats to choose from, they have white rice, brown rice, noodles, and vegetables. I'm personally a brown rice guy with either the teriyaki beef and/or chicken with vegetables, which I believe to be the best combination for my health, taste buds, and tummy. The staff was helpful and I would recommend coming to his location if you're in the area and want a quick bite to eat.
1	So our last time we visited we had a hair in the teriyaki chicken bowl & were told that our next order would be on the house. We called in because we were in the area & apparently they said that we weren't in the system. The attitude from the girl on the phone was also unnecessary. If you want to maintain customers don't you think you should maybe follow through with what you say. Unless the manger calls back to comply with his original plan I don't plan on returning.
5	This place is great place to get quick healthy food. The employees are super nice. I used my birthday coupon and my 20% girl didn't even ask too many questions. She honored it no questions asked. Veggies are fresh and chicken is healthy. Brown rice is fresh as we'll. I recommend this to all my friends. And sign up for notifications (they are worth it :))
3	Years later and I returned here for a quick dinner. The service and food has remained standard. Quickly prepared. Decent for a chain.
