4	Did you know there was actually stuff going on out in Queen Creek? Sure is. We've got restaurants and Wal-marts along with an ever-growing population to rival Chandler/Gilbert. And we've got OLIVE OIL. Scrumptious and pesticide-free Olive Oil. (While that's considered Organic, they are not yet certified to make that claim). There's olive tastings in the Mill Store and tours of the farm and Mill. Check out their website at  www.queencreekolivemill.com for more info. Just walking into the store, you can watch it being bottled through a large plate glass window.I'm a firm believer in "buying local" to reduce carbon emissions & to support our local economy. Q.C. Olive Mill's  been featured in several magazines, PBS & Arizona Highways, and more. Saw it all with my own eyes.And the flavors...mmm.mmm...You get to taste the different flavored olive oils, the tapenades, locally-grown nuts, fresh artisan breads & crackers. And if that doesn't fill you up, there's del piero, their small bistro that features sandwiches, tasty fresh side dishes, soft drinks , pastries & coffee drinks. Thankfully they've added indoor seating for those scorchers but I'd opt for the outdoor area next to the small herb garden on cooler days & nights.Warning: The olive oil'll set you back a little over $11 for 8.5 oz and a whopping 15 buckaroos for the slightly larger. However, if you are a connoisseur of olive oil, you'll want to splurge for these flavors, trust me. I think this is an awesome place to make a host or other gift basket.Directions: Check it out. From Rt. 60, I'd take Ironwood Rd about 10 miles south to Combs Rd. Make a right and it's a mile up on the right. Or from 60, go south on Ellsworth. Left at Ocotillo Rd. Right onto Rittenhouse. Left onto Combs (crossover railroad tracks) and it'll be right there on your left.Attention Motorcycle Riders: They've made spaces for us to park but if you're not confident riding on dirt for a few hundred feet, take your cage.
4	QQOM is so much fun to visit! If you're into food, sustainable and local be sure to make your way out to QQOM! The olive oils are extremely good and while a bit on the pricey side (64 bucks a gallon) its worth every penny knowing that you are supporting healthy farm practices and our own local economy. It just feels good to buy from here!
4	The Olive Mill brings back sweet memories of the trips I used to take to the Napa Valley wineries when I lived in the Bay Area.  The place is tastefully decorated with aisles of products made with their olives - extra virgin olive oil, flavored oils, stuffed olives and tapenades.  I love the olive bar where you get to taste all their products.  Half hour tours are offered every hour for $5 per person.They also sell bread from the Willo Baking Company, gelato from Berto's and local pistachios.I'd recommend printing out directions from their website.  Don't forget to drop by the Pork Shop afterwards - only 2 miles down the road to pick up the Valley's best pork products.
5	Holy god!  I never realized how crappy store bought, generic olive oil tastes when compared to the good stuff!  I have always shied away from expensive olive oil, cause it's, well, expensive...But this stuff made me realize it's worth it.  First off, it's local and uses olives grown in the valley...Come on people, put cliches aside and support the local stuff!You can find this oil at the local farmer's market and at the Willo bakery, but I have yet to see it in regular stores.Okay, so here's the deal: get the normal EVOO and you will immediately taste the difference, whether you making salad dressing, fish, or wilting greens.  It's that noticeable!  Secondly, you must try the blood orange olive oil for it's tanginess ( is that a word? ) and you must try it on salmon...It adds such a great citrus punch for you epicurean peeps out there!  I have a bottle of the wonderful bread-dipping mix in front of me, so I must go take care of business!  Enjoy!!!!
5	We were staying with friends in Phoenix. She lives in Queen Creek.  She asked me to make the side dish one night and I suggested cous cous with raisins and walnuts.  Great, she replied.  I opened the cubbard to find some olive oil and spied the lemon olive oil made by QCOM.  Oh.my.god.  It added the best flavor to the cous cous.  I insisted that she take me there before I left.  Two days later we stopped over the Mill for lunch and a shopping spree of olive oil and "cremas."  The cremas are these deliciously flavored dipping/dressing/marinade sauces made with olive oil.  I got the sun dried tomato and the herb one and both were hits as appetizers with a cubed bagette.  Yuuuuuuu-um.We also had a delightful lunch at their cafe.  Really lovely, fresh, unpretentious food.  I had the caprese sandwich which was amazing.  Hubby liked his rueben too.If you are out east past Phoenix, do drop in to the mill.
4	My husband and I visited the olive mill this morning. We decided to go there after finding reviews on here so Thankyou! It is kind of funny also since we live in Circle Cross Ranch which is just right up the road from QCOM. I have passed this building so many times and just tossed it up to another little local farm out here. First we sampled all the olives and the different oils and dipping sauces. My husband complained he thinks the products are overpriced but I thought they were reasonable since they are really good and don't taste anything like the stuff you get in the supermarkets. After selecting a few items, I bought the mesquite almond stuffed olives and lemon and blood orange olive oils. Blood orange is amazing I can't wait to try it on a salad. I also bought a plain virgin olive oil.The oil is so flavorful and their claim is it is pesticide free since they don't have a problem with some sort of fruit fly they normally have problems with in olives here because of our dry hot climate. We decided to grab a bite. This was the only problem, not for me but for my husband. I guess this is a perfect place for the girls to get together for lunch but if you have a man that has a pretty hearty appetite like mine then he may not quite be satisfied with what he receives.It was perfect for me. I ordered a paninni that had roasted squash, peppers, arugula, fennel garlic aoli and a parmesan balsamic sauce on it. It was very good. Came with a side of kettle style potato chips and some olives. He had a salad but truthfully it was not a very big salad especially with the salads that could serve 3 you mostly see these days. I guess it is true Americans have come to expect quantity.That is ok, I would definitely go back. I will just have to make sure I leave him at home next time and go with one of my gals instead
5	Fantastic!  I'm a displaced NY Italian and was dismayed until I found the Queen Creek Olive Mill.  I honestly didn't expect to find decent olive products here in AZ.  I was very impressed with the product quality.  The selection is pretty diverse too.  I tried some of the food at the bistro counter and was also impressed by the quality and presentation.  Very tasty.  The staff is knowledgeable and helpful.
5	O this was fun, unique, & informative!Good day trip/drive - who knew?!GR8 little caf/bistroFun Tour - a must!Yummy samples(pick a bottle of wine of the shelf to have with your meal - shhh)AMAZING olive oils - take some home! (the truffle oil is to DIE 4!)Kids will enjoy as well.Little bit of picnic grounds near the olive orchard, btw. (cute)
5	100th Review!! A day at the Olive Mill is foodie heaven!  My husband planned our Valentine's day around my desire to check out some Queen Creek food destinations .  We loved coming out to this place , even with the crowds of Valentines Day it was a great time.  The grounds are simple and straight forward, a young olive grove is the scene for the patio / eating area , it has a slight Tuscany feel to it .If you take the tour you learn about the young trees and the history out in the "orchard". Inside the building they have a combination of olive products, olive oils , a scrumptious little eatery, wine and tables.  Plan to eat lunch and also sample the many tapenades , I can vouch for the red onion and fig -it is my favorite!  Mom likes the Parmesan stuffed olives and kept going back for more. The olive oils are pure, light and have delightful flavors like meyer lemon, blood orange, vanilla and garlic.  They aren't  your run of the mill olives. The oils can be used for many different types of cooking and give great flavor to any dish even cakes and breads.  I have already tried the blood orange olive oil on my roast from the Pork Shop and it was really tasty, complemented the carrots I  served as well.  I plan to go back and purchase the lemon oil  as well as plain olive oil   on my next trip. You can also purchase some flavors at AJ's . Take the tour . For 5.00 bucks you learn a lot and  it gives you great appreciation for  the quality of olive oils produced in the US.  This is a great day trip , i highly recommend  a day at the mill.
4	After driving some time (the entire time thinking, "It can't be this far!"), we finally found QCOM.  I recommend calling ahead for the hours because we were surprised to find them closing for the day.  Unfortunately, this means that we did not get the best they had to offer: samples, sandwiches, or tours.  (We received a rushed and shortened version of the tour.)  But it is informative, it is unique, and it does make me want to return for more.The retail shop is where I really could not get enough: all the blends and combinations...garlic parmesan, artichoke and roasted garlic, carmelized red onion and fig...everything sounded so wonderful, it was difficult to leave without spending a whole lotta cash!
5	It's different. But it's good and for that reason it gets 5 stars. They have great breakfast sandwiches and anything my wife had had she has raved about. You can tour the place and shop as well.  This would be a fun afternoon for anyone who is bored.
5	I was out in QC visiting with some family yesterday and we stopped into the QCOM. One of my mother-in-laws has been raving about this place forever, so we decided to make a lunch date of it. We started by checking out the cute little store. They have a bunch of different olive oils to choose from, some of my favorites are the Chili, Lime and Blood Orange. They also have tasters of their yummy tapenades, fresh baked bread, a decent wine selection and bath products made from their olive oil. We then moved on to lunch, which is bistro style. Everything looked so good! I ended up getting the special lunch sandwich of the day, which was ham, cheese, marinated sweet red bell peppers, sauteed onions on fresh focaccia bread. The bread is to die for, and everything else  only enhanced the greatness of this sandwich! It might be the most delicious sandwich I've ever had. If it wasn't so dang hot out, I would have loved to sit on their cute little patio. After eating and then wandering a little longer inside, we were leaving and spotted a little garden. We went over there, they had all kinds of flowers, shrubs and herbs for sale. The woman working in the garden area was very helpful and knowledgeable. I ended up buying a little basil plant (came in a cute little ceramic pot) for 5 bucks. On our way out we stopped at the table where a guy was sampling their raspberry champagne and prosecco. Both were very good, I like bubbles :) They also have an almond champagne, which I am excited to try next time. This would be a fun place to go on a Saturday afternoon, get a bottle of wine and nosh!
4	I lived in Queen Creek for about 9 months and discovered the QCOM then.  Today my boyfriend and I made the drive there again to enjoy a meal.  The food was just a delicious as ever.  I had the del Piero Eggs Benedict, which I always have even though each time we go there I swear I'm going to try something new.  Yet I find myself ordering this because I know how good it will be.  Everything is so fresh and delicious I can't resist.  My boyfriend had the Kalamata sandwich and he thoroughly enjoyed it.  I sampled it and there was a tang to the sandwich I didn't like but that's just me.  He also ordered a cup of one of the soups of the day, which was a creamy red pepper and was wonderful.  It came with a piece of fresh baked bread and I decided to go grab some samples of the various olive oils to dip it in.  That was an inspiration I'm glad I had!  It was a great way to try the oils without having to sip them straight, which is never my favorite.  The only reason I don't give QCOM five stars is that the layout of the restaurant makes it difficult to get to the counter to order and to the drink station when it's crowded, as it usually is.  If I didn't know how good the food is, I would probably walk out seeing how difficult it is to negotiate your way through the crowd.  Oh, I also think they need to have real silverware instead of plastic stuff.  Eating the eggs benedict is a challenge with the fork bending!  Still it's so yummy I'm willing to take that challenge.
5	Very fun...good food, interesting tour - do it! Get the antipasto plate =)
4	Sure it is out there....way out there.  But the support and patronage of unique cultural spots requires a little bit of sacrifice.  Make a day off it.  Visit the Schnepf Farms in the morning and have a nice casual lunch at the Mills.  I guarantee it is a better Saturday then whatever is on TV.The location itself is rather lacking. If they were to develop the area and landscape more they could turn it into a real destination.  As it currently stands, it is still a great place to enjoy a splendid meal and casually talk away an hour or two.  The Del Piero is spacious and has several incredible options that will ensure multiple visits.  The Cerignola panini is substantial without weighing you down.  It has several great flavors in just the right portions so that you can enjoy each one.  They have a variety of great breakfast dishes as well.  Also, you can't leave without buying some of the product.  Who knew the Olive was this versatile. The prices are on the high side but that is to be expected for boutique items such as these.  Don't forget to get some vanilla, olive oil cupcakes.  These things make Sprinkles seem so "Betty Crocker" in comparison.
4	I've lived in the QC for almost 6 years now and always thought the Olive Mill was just that -- a mill.  My lunch group went there one day for lunch.  My expectations: a shack with okay sandwiches and unfriendly people who really didn't want to be running a restaurant.  What actually happened was the opposite.The QC Olive Mill is a great place for lunch and provides a wide range of sandwiches and salads, all using some type of ingredient from the mill, whether it is just oil or a tapenade of sorts.  The prices are reasonable, and the experience is a fun, casual one for lunch.I like the Lucca sandwich with a kalamata olive meat stick.  Yes that's right, kalamata olive meat stick.  If you like kalamata olives and meat, then get it -- if you don't, don't.  My friends and I particularly like the Costco style tasting of the various tapenades, stuffed olives and olive oils on the way out -- save room for those.  Personally I would avoid the wasabi olive and the asiago cheese olive -- way too overpowering.  Blue cheese is a winner though for me.If the weather is cool, the outdoor seating is really nice.  I only wish they were open for dinner (even still just the sandwiches) as it would be a really good casual place to chill out with friends under the night sky with some tasty grub.  If you are in to wine (I'm not a drinker) they look like they have an extensive selection.If you haven't been, go.
4	Since I've always been a huge fan of Popeye and Olive Oil, it's no wonder I was drawn to this place... :)Thanks to Robert M's review, I checked out QCOM's website and ordered a holiday gift for an out-of-state friend... the process was simple as can be and I felt safe using my credit card on their secure site.  I received confirmation via email a few seconds after the transaction went through... I hope my friend enjoys her Arizona made gift and I look forward to visiting Queen Creek Olive Mill sometime in person.  I'm sure it will be a fun little field trip!
3	Aside from the long drive, I was pretty excited to visit this place.  I was lured by friends, family, YELP reviews and their website who all said the tour, samples and food were excellent.The grounds and retail area were both very charming.  We browsed their huge selection of custom olive oils, spreads and other misc. offerings.  Their selection is pretty impressive and it looks like they have some quality stuff.I was very disappointed with the samples though.  All they had was about 5 spreads and about 15 olive oils set out for you to sample.  Now it wouldn't be that bad if they had some bread to put the spreads on or to dip in the olive oil.  Instead they gave you little wood spreader things (like small popsicle sticks) to taste the spreads and little plastic cups to taste the olive oils.  The place where they set all their olive oil samples wasn't laid out very well either.  It was just a small table with open bottles next to some little plastic cups.  The area would often get crowded as people tried to figure out what to do with little cups of olive oil.  Anyway, if you visit the QCCOM be sure to pack some bread, crackers or pretzels so you can better experience what they have.  However I guess the joke is on me because somehow I spent like $75 on olive oils and I didn't even know that was possible.The friends my wife and I went with had been there before and said the tour wasn't really worth it so we opted out.  I probably should have experienced the tour for myself but whatever.  Maybe next time.  But the tour didn't look that impressive so I'm not that heartbroken.We ate in their cafe for lunch and here is the breakdown:* veggie antipasto plate - this was good* kalamata sandwich - eh.  I got the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad (chix ceasar - was 'eh' as well)* dessert bruschetta (honey marscapone & nutella) - excellent!You can eat inside but the whether was nice when I went so I sat outside.  It is a nice little area to sit, eat and ponder just how many snow birds flock to this place.  Anyway, I wish I had more to say but I just don't.  You probably get excited when you read the menu and think how wonderful the food is, but I just didn't think it was all that great.  It wasn't horrible, just not all that great.  If I were there again in the future I would absolutely give it another shot, but I'm not going to go out of my way to try it again.
4	Because there were 3 of us sharing from each cup, I did not feel completely guilty about sampling most of the bottles in those mini plastic cups  (grabbed those wood coffee stir sticks and broke into pieces for tasting).  We sampled about 12 while waiting for our lunch order.  The sister started pouring (!) the plain white balsamic vinegar over her 'wich with each bite -- she ended up getting the White Balsamic Herb Crema and the Blood Orange for salads at home.  The white truffle oil is going to be my new go-to for pan-poaching my egg whites -- my Italian itty bitty bottle remains for drizzling.Our take home was the 4-pack variety pack of olive oil "muffins".  I seriously had doubts about the cake version of the recipe asking for basically an entire bottle of oil (what cake needs over 2 cups of oil?!).  These suckers were heavy, but now that we're at home, I am so surprised at how great these are... moist (duh) and no grassy olive oil taste.  Since I'm not going to purchase a bottle to pour into an entire cake, these "muffins" will be a definite purchase item every time I go back!
4	very cute place. i appreciate all the home-grown flavors and effort put into this place. too bad it's all so expensive since we drink loads of coffee and use loads of olive oil....on our budget, that would be an untenable expense. we took one of the short tours describing evoo and all that goes into it and actually learned a few things. there was free wine tasting so of course we took advantage of that. we had eaten before we made the arduous journey through apache junction into the wastelands of queen creek just in case we broke down, we could outrun the methheads on a full stomach. there is a food court there with what looked like severely appetizing food and many racks of locally pressed olive oil, coffee, and wine. we arrived early, which was a GREAT thing because around 10:30 am, the place was packed with the elderly and overweight soccer moms ingnoring screaming and ill-behaved kids. even several large "senior/church" groups. soon enough, we had to high tail it out of there.the tour cost 5 bucks, but you can get more advanced tours for more dough. cool little half-day trip. but remember, go early on saturdays!
4	My lovely partner brought me here on a surprise date.Yes, the drive was a little far, but the weather was nice, it was scenic and there wasn't much traffic.Sadly, we missed the last tour and the wine tasting, but honestly, I don't feel like we missed out on much. We had a ton of fun tasting all the different oils, vinegars and spreads.We had lunch there, and it was incredibly delicious. So much tasty, both for the meat sandwich (my partner) and the veggie pannini.  Plus the mushroom bruschetta was tasty. I grabbed some balsamic reduction to add on; delish!On the way out, we bought way too much; pumpkin cupcakes (SO GOOD!), garlic oil, pomegranate white balsamic and a tasty loaf of bread. Oh! And asiago stuffed olives.  We've been trying to use them all sparingly, but they are so yummy that it is hard.Guess we'll have to go back when we have out of town guests!
3	We live right down the street from the Olive Mill! Wonderful selection of Olives and oils! All Yummy! Deli style ordering, OK service the meat from the Pork Shop is always fantastic!! They also offer freshly baked bread and take home bread you can finish baking yourself! There is an older lady with dark hair, that time after time has a terrible attitude, but the quality of the food makes up for her lack of personality. All they need is a great local beer to make my visits complete! If you've never been to the Olive Mill, don't hesitate, it's great yummy food and wine.
5	I took my mom out to the Olive Mill for a visit when she visited from Montana.  We really enjoyed our time.  We took the tour, had lunch and took some goodies home.  I'm pretty sure that I can't live without their garlic flavored olive oil from now on.  It is so fresh and yummy.  I'll definitely be going back or ordering online.  My visit felt reminiscent of my visits to wineries in Sonoma/Napa.  It was neat to have that feeling in Arizona.  I love supporting local businesses just like this one.
2	Service continues to get worse.. What is it with this place, I am really really trying to like them! They are a great local place I want to keep frequenting, but if I have to continually remind them what's in their antipasto platter.. I should work there!!!  The food is great - I had to take a way a star for service. They seem to be overwhelmed or they just hire staff that are anti social and hate dealing with people.. I feel bad, but it has to be noted.
3	wasn't to impressed with his place.  the food was so so.  the outside seating was great.  really pretty but sits right on the train tracks.  different and might be back but only if we have friends from out of town, something different to do!
5	I first discovered Queen Creek Olive Mill several years ago, after taking a huge detour on the way home from Tucson.  This was before the grounds were as nice as they are now, but we enjoyed going into the large steel shed and trying several of their olive oils (not too different an experience from some of my favorite small wineries).  They were good, but then I didn't feel that I had a solid frame of reference at the time.So... after at first grimacing at what I thought was a high price, I decided to take a bottle home and taste test it against other premium selections from around the world.  Hands down, QC olive Oil was the best on many levels, and generally more affordable than its competitors (not to mention an entirely awesome local product).  So while I still use the cheap stuff from Costco occasionally in cooking, this is admittedly the only brand of olive oil you will find served fresh in my house....But then there's the supply issue.  While at first, I was happy to find QC Olive Oil at AJ's, I realized that I needed a more reliable supplier close to home, which is when I found that they have an ongoing presence at several farmers markets and I can order their products from ZonieBaskets.com.  Bingo!  I can now safely rely on QC Olive Oil as my main source of sweet rich olive-y goodness.
4	I live about 10-15 minutes from here and drive by on occasion and have been wanting to check it out. I finally had an excuse to go, as I wanted to find/buy some unique gifts to ship to my brother for his birthday. I came to QCOM on a Thursday mid-day and you would have thought it was Saturday afternoon with as busy as it was. There was plenty of parking however, and I didn't have to bump too many elbows to get some of their tasty samples of tapenades and olive oils. I did however have to wait in a long line to order my lunch, which I wasn't too thrilled about considering there was a managerial-looking guy behind the counter, not looking like he was doing much other than standing around. I ordered the Manzi panini based on the suggestion of the lady taking my order - grilled chicken breast, fontina cheese, basil, sun-dried tomato tapenade and one of their balsamic vinaigrettes. Overall it was "good" but COULD have been fantastic if they hadn't been stingy on the tapenade and/or balsamic. It just didn't have that much flavor honestly. The bread was tasty though as were the "gourmet chips" they served along side the sandwich. For the panini and drink, I paid just over $12. A little steep in my opinion. Still, I love the variety of goodies you can get hear (all kinds of olives, tapenades, dressings, oils, vinegars, etc) and I will definitely be back here when I have guests in from out of town. I just hope the next panini I order has a bit more oomph.
5	Truly a gem for Phoenix!  Worth the drive wherever you live in the Phoenix area.  The oils they produce, on site, will change your cooking! White truffle oil, roasted garlic oil, its made an impact to how we cook in our home.  They offer scheduled wine tastings, and sell many wines in their market section.  Their deli counter food is far beyond most deli counter quality, its rustic and made with quality local produce.  The cheese comes from Superstition Farm, the vegetables from their own on-site garden.  One suggestion, if you feel you want a glass of wine with your rustic sandwich, better to buy the bottle, as the cost is around $6 for a small cup, have them open it, and enjoy in the olive tree grove.  Reminds me of Europe!  Great gifts available as well, and they offer tours showing how the oil is made, and there are samples available.  Great place to visit on the weekend, grab your friends together and experience this unique treasure.
3	The food is good, the atmosphere is very cool and the prices are VERY HIGH. Try it, you will like it but don't expect $15 worth of food for $15 (understand?) The bottled soda is a Steep $2.50, The olives are not from the actual "Olive Mill".  I like the olive bar and the whole idea but I just wish the prices were better.
4	This is a Great Place in the desert..The Food is Very Good!!The Gelato ..What can I say.....5-Stars..  Its a Fun Place..The Olive Oil Blends..Are the Best...Enjoy !!
4	After watching "the Best thing I Ever Ate" episode that featured del Piero, at the Olive Mill I could not wait to try this place out. I had been to the Olive Mill before but never took advantage of the restaurant until today. Definitely a great little place that specializes in olive oil and other olive related products that are produced from pesticide free hand harvested Arizona olives. Set in the middle of their retail shop is a walk up counter where you order off the menu. We all chose their Kalamata sandwich, "Pork Shop" Italian and kalamata salami, capicola, herb roasted tomatoes, leafy greens, provolone, red onion and White Balsamic & Herb Crema on a grilled baguette. The sandwich also came with potato chips and a sample of olives. (watch out for the pits) Next time I will ask for some extra the White Balsamic & Herb Crema, on the side, it was that good!
4	I too, jumped on the band wagon after watching The Best Thing I Ever Ate on the Food Network. I had to try the Kalamata sandwich. It was one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. However, the picture on the website and on the Food Network is deceiving. It is nowhere near the size of the one pictured. They stack probably only a third of what's shown in the picture. We also had the tequila lime sandwich which was ok but not at the same level as the Kalamata. The olive oil cupcakes are to DIE for. They are so moist and delicious, even 2 days after we had purchased them. They are so good you can eat them without icing.
5	Fun little place to just explore and TRY so many different samplings.    The staff was great and super friendly!  The lemon cupcakes were AMAZING!!!  Little tip:  buy a baguette to try all the great olive oils and tapenades
5	BEST almond champagne (OK, sparkling wine) EVER!
5	This is a great destination for lunch and for taking your out of town guests.  Take the $5 30 minute tour and learn a ton about the olive oil industry and process.  The food is fantastic and in the fall and spring sitting in the gardens is very relaxing.  They have the best olive oil and you'll find yourself debating on how many to buy - I highly recommend the garlic olive oil and use the chili olive oil for your eggs!  I've been at least 5 times and always find something new.
4	"I will crave this sandwich!"Those were the first words uttered after my wife took a bite of the Kalamata, which was featured on the Food Network.  I ordered the Manzi panini, and thought it was good, my wife's sandwich was much better... and I'm not one who really cares for olives.I adored the crisp olive oil chips which accompanied the sandwiches, as they were reminiscent of a kettle chip.Their Meyer Lemon olive oil cake was a blast of summer flavor, which combined fresh blueberries and sliced strawberries with a powdered sugar sprinkle.For such a small space, they really maximized the retail section/food counter/seating.But the icing on the cake was found in their Hello Kitty branded champagne.  My daughter is a huge fan, and we bought a bottle to toast the arrival of our granddaughter next month.I don't know nothing about birthing no babies, but I can appreciate a cute cartoon feline on my libation.
4	Discovered this place via "Dirty Jobs",  Food is great but a little pricey & portions are a little skimpy. The olive oil cake is a must!! Be prepared for a crowd.
5	If you only eat one thing here, make sure it is one of the lime cupcakes. (Or take a four pack to go home).  The red sangria is a close second on this one.  Great grounds.  Perfect for a picnic in the grass or eating at one of the outside tables.  Worth the drive.
3	I really liked the feel of this place..... a little like Napa, but really far away. The restaurant was a bit over priced, BUT the olive oil was AMAZING. They had this Meyer Lemon olive oil and when I paired it with the pomegranate fig balsamic vinegar... WOW! SO GOOD! Highly recommend it, especially for Christmas Gifts. I only gave it 3 stars because of a couple things, #1 too far away, #2 a bit on the pricey side, and #3 we tried to take a tour of the olive mill and it was over an hour wait. Also, the tour was more like a lecture about olives. Half of it was outside under the trees, and the other half was of the mill. I just didn't want to stare at the olive trees for that length of time. Just the mill would have been better, or at least a faster tour option of the mill only would have been nice and convenient.
4	I had previously gotten some of their olives and oil as a gift and wanted to come check the place out in person, and I'm glad I did.They offer a tour for $5 which they show you some of their trees, explain the harvesting process which is all done by hand, then you see where they process the oil and the tour guide explains how it's done.  Our tour guide was very personable and did a great job.  They don't use pesticides which is nice.They also have a restaurant and shop on site.  We got the kalamata sandwich which was delicious, and I ended up buying a bottle of the dressing they put on it.  You  can taste test all their tapenades, oils and vinegars and everything I tried was good.  The stuffed olives are only available for tasting on the tour and they were good, but it turns out they don't have enough capacity to grow those olives on site so they partnered with a company in California to produce them according to the owners recipes.All of the oils have a date when they were bottled  which was nice. I would have liked to see the harvesting and processing first hand, but maybe you can't for insurance reasons.
5	YOWZA! I love this place. I had heard great things about this place before and actually received some of the olives and olive oil as a gift last year. I decided to take my mom and try it out for lunch. The food was pretty good, but the best thing for me is that they have Cerignola olives! This was music to my ears when they told me they had them. I have been looking everywhere, checking every grocery store, gourmet shop in Chandler and Tucson and nobody has them. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of their menu! Oh and expect a little off roading, the parking lot is loose gravel :)
4	This is one cool place!  Went there today to find unique Christmas gifts for family members that enjoy cooking.  Saturday afternoon, they are having tours, wine tasting and lunch in a park setting.  It was a lot busier than I had expected.  I didn't try the food, but it all looked tasty.  They have a large assortment of olive oils, balsamic vinegars, stuffed olives, tapanades, wine, and jams.  You can sample the olive oil prior to purchasing...I tried their chocolate olive oil and it was fantastic.  I know just the baker that could use it.  Great place to hang out at on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon when the weather is nice.  Will definitely go back.
4	Stopped by for lunch today and unfortunately due to a electrical problem they were not serving food. We did buy a 4 pack of the cupcakes everyone is raving about and they truly are hands down the best cupcakes I have ever eaten, they are a total steal at $6 a 4 pack, that is half the price of the other sickly sweet cupcake shops out there, so moist and just right on the frosting, bursting with citrus flavor BRAVO!!!! Also picked up some cerretas chocolate that is amazing as well. Cant wait to go back to eat lunch here.
5	Amazing place! I haven't ordered anything from their restaurant yet, but I am a huge fan of their feta stuffed olives, their meyer lemon olive oil, and most of all, the artichoke & garlic tapenade. They have all their tapenades/spreads out for you to try, which is super awesome, complete with wooden spoons and trash receptacles. They also have an olive oil bar of sorts, with cups you can pour some into and taste it. They have two cremas that are delicious as well. Make sure you snag some of their recipes! They suggest using olive oil in pancakes, waffles, and crazy things I have never heard of. I routinely make the drive from Tempe just for their tapenade. It's that good!
5	So, I saw this place showcased on Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate, so I decided to check it out on one of my day's off. Man was I glad I did!! This place was great! The building itself wasn't impressive, just a big metal building which was kind of misleading, but once you walk inside oh man! As soon as you walk in it is rows and rows of olive oil, wine, cook books, and cooking accessories. This place was packed to the brim. After browsing through the aisles I worked up an appetite and went to the back to get some lunch. After looking over the menu I tried the bruschetta platter. OK this didn't make a whole lot of sense to me. They offer 8 different types of bruschetta. They have a platter where you can order 3,5, or 7 different kinds. Well if you offer 8 why can't I try all 8?!! I was puzzled for about ten seconds and got over it. So I got the 7 platter one and bought the additional 8th. Their bruschetta was overall amazing! Great quality toppings on quality bread. I don't like hummus so I didn't like that one, heh. I ended up ordering the sandwich that was showcased on the TV show and next to it on the menu there's a sign, showcased on the food network, so hell I had to get it. It is the kalamatta sandwich. The sandwich basically is an Italian sandwich but it was very, very tasty. Great meats on a great roll, I was glad I went with it. While devouring this sandwich, they have a window into their factory where they make their olive oil. That was a very plea sent, and interesting sight to see while eating a nice lunch. After lunch I did a little bit more browsing through the store and found the olive oil tasting bar. That was frig gin sweet. I tried several of them, most I liked and some I didn't. I'm glad they had this sample station for me to try before I dropped the money on a bottle of oil just to find out that I didn't like it, always a plus in my book. With all things said I would definitely go back to the Olive Mill, and hell since it is out of my way to get there, I don't mind driving out of my way to go there, it's that good!! I will definitely be back there in the immediate future! P.S. Just for a heads up the outside smells like shit, ha ha
4	This place is charming! Great olive oil cake, bruschetta and the orange cupcake is amazing. Something to do in queen creek - much needed!
3	I live in Central Phoenix, so the drive to get to this place was a stretch. However,  once we arrived the drive didn't real seem to matter. What a great way to enjoy an evening. We opted not to do the tour, considering the time we arrived was late in the evening. Our intent had been to do the wine tasting, unfortunately the wine tasting ends early afternoon. I had expected the place to be crowded, but surprisingly we found a table right away. the bruschetta was good, not as good as Postino's but good. I bought 4 of the Lemon Olive Cupcakes, and Wow they were delicious. Good place for a group date.
5	Between the Downtown Public Market and Phoenix Public Market they keep me in stock of the wonderful products that QCOM has to offer. I LOVE their Mexican Lime Olive Oil, Roasted Garlic Olive Oil, Pomegranate Vinegar...well let me just say I have yet to be disappointed with any of their products. Now I just need to make my way down to where the magic happens. Go to the source of all this wonderful deliciousness. Sooon....very soon!
3	The outside dinning was nice in January. Good natural food. Tables were dirty with nobody cleaning them. Business was booming, but nobody cleaning. Menu was hard to read. Expensive for what you get. Not a good flow for Food service.
4	I have been here for breakfast, lunch, dinner and just for shopping for gifts. I love this place. The quality of the ingredients is excellent and as much as they can, they use local so you can feel good about your meal, too. Their sandwiches are all lovely (the fresh bread is great and it's worth picking up a loaf while you're in the shop). For dinner, I have enjoyed their chicken lasagna that utilizes the Meyer lemon olive oil which gives it a really nice, fresh taste (buy a bottle to take home and enjoy it on chicken, veggies and fish). i love their olive oil cupcakes and we typically get one to share between my husband and I. They also have an almond champagne (really a sparkling wine) that is simply lovely! On Saturdays and Sundays there is live music and wine tasting which is a nice way to round out a brunch or lunch or dinner. The patio is great and the picnic tables out in the olive trees are also ample. It can get very very crowded so arrive early and be ready to share your picnic table or bring a blanket and sit on the grass. They do have heaters outside and some tables inside if you are cold adverse. The lights on the patio add a nice atmosphere. To those referring to off-roading or dirt roads, you do have to drive on a gravel driveway and the parking lot is gravel. It's really not that hard or rustic of a drive at all. We are here once every couple of weeks and are always happy. Portions are decently-sized and the olive oil potato chips that come with sandwiches are really nice and light. I also did a ton of holiday shopping there and got something for everyone. Their fig and caramelized onion tapenade is amazing. Overall, this is a very nice, different, friendly place if you can avoid the crowds!
3	I have rated this just okay, because the food is really good, the wine is great and the selection of items are perfect.. But the serivce is horrible,  the employee REBECCA is so rude I can't even believe I went back for a second trip.. Although my second time there I made sure I would not have to talk to her.. I would dine here more if I knew when REBECCA was not working I really wanted to jump the counter and it was not just my family she was rude to it is everyone!!!
4	Wow. There is a lot of stuff here to try. Yea! Olive oils, balsamic vinaigrettes, tapenades. The tour is not really for little kids. You sit outside where all the benches are for half of it and listen to the guide talk about the mill and then you go into a very small room where they make the olive oil, where the guide continues explaining the process. It's not an ideal situation for an energetic kid. At the end of the tour you get to try a couple of stuffed olive samples.They have a lot of places outside where you can sit and enjoy lunch. We had the Kalamata and Manzi. I prefer hot sandwiches so I thought the Manzi was delicious. I had some of their prickly pear lemonade and it was so good. They would run out within minutes of setting it out. Be sure to try it out! We also bought a small loaf of bread and filled a few of the sample cups with a couple of different types of olive oil and vinaigrettes and headed out to sit under one of the olive trees. Don't count on their site to be accurate. We went on the first Sunday of their Festival of the New Oil and even though they said there would be wine tastings there weren't. You can't tell me there will be a wine tasting and not come through. Minus one star. I only came away with a few goodies (gourmet dipping oil and asiago and Parmesan tapenade) and spent just over $20. Lots of great gifts!
4	I can't wait to go back!!  Everything we had was so yummy!! I went to the Olive Mill on a Friday early in the afternoon with my mom, aunt and cousin. It was all so delicious. Our favorite thing was the butternut squash soup. The counter staff could have been a little more helpful but they weren't rude.
5	I fell in love with this place! The food was so amazing and authentic! The roasted garlic olive oil is beyond words good! The bruschetta is so yummy! The atmosphere sitting out doors at night with the live band is romantic yet casual and comfortable! The desserts are a perfect way to end the evening! My husband and I truly love this place!!
5	I went there for lunch when my mom was in town, and finally got to check out their sandwiches. I got their Manzi panini with a side of their pesto pasta salad and mom had the Sevi sandwich. Their pasta salad wasn't anything special, and Mom thought her sandwich was good, but nothing to write home about. Mine, on the other hand... I have never had a more delicious panini in my life! My mom even tried to eat mine, it was so good. We also took home some of their olive oil cupcakes. They were just okay. Very moist, but a little too oily for my taste. VERY crowded. We ended up sitting at a picnic table outside, European style (sharing with strangers). There was hardly room to walk around inside without bumping into 15 different people at once. And yet I would still go back for that delicious panini.
4	This place is a random little spot in the middle of nowhere. Its got an interesting charm with its loose gravel parking lot, olive trees , and the store. I wish it had been better weather and that we had been able to sit out amongst the olive trees. The sandwiches are made with some of the freshest ingredients and are accompanied by a sampling of their on site grown olives. You can also get a local draft brew and some mini canolis to complete your meal. While you are waiting for your meal you can browse through their selections of olives, olive oils, cupcakes, kitche utensils and wines for sale. The food was yummy, the atmosphere and friendly staff as well as the attempts to be sustainable make this place just plain cool.
5	Super busy place but the food is so good! I went with friends and we had a bruchetta buffet.  I love the little olives they sprinkle on your plate!
5	A great side trip when exploring the Phoenix area, located in a rural agricultural zone that seems out of place in the desert.  This is a real olive mill, with tours too.  The small gift shop features their beautifully flavored olive oils, tapenades, olives (duh), and SAMPLES!  I would have to pass on the cupcakes made with olive oil though.  Not great.  The cute little deli where they put together a mean sandwich or two, salads, and other delectibles is a great lunch spot.    You can eat outside too, as long as the weather permits. Probably not a good idea during monsoon weather or the scorching heat of the summer.If this charming little place were in Napa Valley, CA, it would be over the top slammin' busy.   Even as it is, it's an obvious popular stopping place that will help lower your blood pressure just to be there.
5	I loved this place.  Went on a Saturday with 9 friends.  We did the 11:30 tour.  I arrived 1 hour early just to make sure there would be enough room for the 10 of us on the tour we wanted.  The tour was infomative and fun.  The tour guide was hysterical.  I really enjoyed tasting all of the stuffed olives at the end of the tour.I enjoyed eating lunch outside while listening to live music.  I enjoyed the free wine tasting they had.For lunch I had a veggie antipasto plate.  I enjoyed it but next time will get a sandwich one of my friends was eating that looked so yummy.  I also had the lemonade and a Mexican Lime cupcake- very moist.  I really liked everything I had.Shopping in the store was a good experience.  The only bad thing was I wanted to sample the olive oils but didn't like having to sample them straight.  I would have prefered bread or something to dip in the flavored oils.  Enjoyed sampling all of the tepenades as well.I purchased some almond champagne (DELICIOUS- smells and tastes wonderful and I am not really an almond person), the paremesean romano stuffed olives (my favorite for sure!!) and a beeswax lip gloss.My husband and I drank the champagne that night and ate all of the olives in two sittings.  Amazing!I sent my sister there to buy me more stuff less than  week later.  We got the chili infused olive oil... so far I have drizzled it on pasta served with an alfredo sauce and cooked sauteed mixed fresh veggies in it.  So good!!  I can't wait to cook breakfast potatoes in it.  She also picked up the spicy green beans (YUM!  YUM!  YUM!), the almond stuffed olives and garlic stuffed olives as well as the peach champagne.You can't go wrong with anything you eat or buy here!  And buying locally makes it feel all that much better.Another hint... you can buy any bottle of wine they sell and pay a $5 corking fee and drink it with your lunch.
4	Finally made it to the Olive Mill and I felt like a kid in a candy store, or a foodie in a local olive mill!The drive was a little far for us, but we just decided to make a day of it!  We ordered our lunch, purchased a few adult beverages, and looked around the store.  I love all of the fancy olive oils and vinegars, being able to taste them is nice too!We sent the boys out to find us a nice picnic table while we grabbed our trays of food.  I had the Kalamata sandwich which was great!  What a perfect day with good food, good friends, a sunny day, and a cold glass of bubbly!!  If it weren't a 45 minute drive, we'd probably be there more often.  Oh, and we did buy a few things in the store.  My favorite purchases were the spearmint lip balm (yummy) and the spicy green beans (double yummy).Queen Creek Olive Mill is the perfect place to enjoy a perfect Arizona day!
4	The Olive Mill brings a great opportunity to enjoy the beautiful springtime of Arizona.  You have an opportunity to eat at the del Piero cafe, which has myriads of entree items cooked with their first class Olive Oil.  There is a 30 minute Olive Oil tour that goes over the process of making olive oil and sampling of several olive oils.  Inside the cafe, you can find chances to sample olive oils and other related items.  At the outside of the cafe/shopping area, there was an art festival and wine tasting occurring.We dined at del Piero for brunch.  I had Belgian waffles cooked in olive oil topped off with almonds and blueberries.  The waffle was extremely delicious and naturally tasting, so syrup was not needed.  My friends got various other breakfast and lunch items, and they were very pleased.Overall, the Olive Mill brings a great experience to enjoy and relax a nice spring day in Arizona.
4	The restaurant in this place is excellent.  They have nice outside seating and it has a trendy feel to it as well.  Definitely a treat if you want to get away from the normal crowded chain restaurant areas in the area.  I had the Manzi Panini and loved it.  I'm not much of a sandwich person, but this one was unique enough to make a worthwhile choice while dining out.  My wife had the Lucca which was... OK.  It had a nice taste but was slightly dry; I cannot complain though because there is only so much you can do with turkey and whole wheat bread.  I will surely be back to try out some of the other things on their menu.
5	The queen creek olive mill hosts a great variety of products and events.  iI've eaten at the restaurant once, and it was good. The only downside is that it's popularity makes it very crowded and hectic.Perhaps the best aspect of the olive mill is the Olive oil and the spreads.  So good! It is expensive, but it is worth it!
3	3.5 starsI must start my review with a confession...I came to the olive mill after a long night of bingo and a dive bar (don't judge-we finally had a babysitter) so my stomach was not up for a huge taste testing session of oil and vinegar. The mill itself was very crowded and I must agree with previous reviews that the tour is not really worth the cost. I did love browsing through the shelves of goodies and the people in my party had their own personal tasting party. My husband got the infamous sandwich and brought it back with us since we didn't want to stick around and fight the crowd. Completely fresh ingredients and a good flavor, but probably not making it on my dying food request list. The cupcake on the other hand- fabulous!Good place to bring company but might not be worth the journey for us anytime soon.
3	Went here for the tour and the food. My star ratings are for the food only. The "tour" is $5 per person, you stand outside to talk abt the olive trees, then you go into a tarp and they explain the process and expect a tip. The "tour" lasts exactly 30 mins. The food on the other hand, is awesome. Their lemonade and teas are delish, their cupcakes are to die for. The prices... ehh.. Don't go there expecting to pay less than $10 per person, however the food is fresh and very tasty.
4	As an olive enthusiast, I was excited to hear about a trip out the Olive mill with the family.  Looking forward to a day filled with olive testing and touring, I was little disappointed to find there really wasn't much of that happening.  There was a little olive oil testing available in the store, but with nothing to apply it to, it was a bit strange.  They also had some spreads/tapenades available for testing which were all pretty tasty. I ended up purchasing the caramelized onion and fig spread.   The tour was a little strange as well, they walk you out into the main picnic area and tell you about the history of the mill and infuse it with way too many corny olive puns.  After that discussion they walk you into a tent, where you sit at picnic tables and the tour guide goes through the steps of making olive oil via a few posters hung on the walls.  The presentation was pretty informative, but there was no actual tour of anything.  At the end you received a tasting of about 5 different kinds of olives sold in the store.   The olives were good, worth the five bucks for the "tour"... but it was just a little disjointed because the tour was about making olive oil, yet they give you an olive tasting at the end (Which they did not mention once).   We ate lunch at the restaurant inside and overall we were all pleased with our meals.  I had a veggie Panini, with potato chips.  The veggies were fresh and the chips very crisp, with just the right about of salt.  I tried one of their famous Meyer Lemon cupcakes, it was okay.  The frosting was a little too sweet and cupcake a little on the dry side. I had a feeling they were not made that day.  The outside picnic area was nice; there was a live musician playing, some mediocre local wine tastings, and shortbread tasting from a local vendor. I applaud their efforts to keep everything local (both at the restaurant and with the entertainment). Overall the experience was a 3.5, but the olive oil and spread I purchased were a solid 4, and at the end of the day, that's their product!
5	I went here a few years back and had a blast... I might have eaten to many samples lol I could not eat lunch that day I was so full... I would say this is a really nice day trip to get some really great olive oil and olives top notch stuff.
4	Delicious but pricey and definitely worth going back.We stocked up on their Vanilla Bean, Meyer Lemon, Chocolate, and Blood Orange Olive Oil. I also got their Fig Balsamic Vinegar and Dipping Olive Oil. Use the Meyer Lemon and Blood Orange Olive Oil on anything - I love a drizzle on fried eggs or fresh bread and tomatoes. Two sandwiches and a pitcher of sangria run will run you about $45 but it's worth it to sit and enjoy the good food in their outdoor patio space.
4	This place belongs in Europe. There is plenty of parking, you can grab samples of all their sauces, bruschetta, and specialty foods while you wait for your food. It is a relaxed environment where you order your food and they buzz you when it is ready. I always get their Turkey sandwich that has apples in it. They have hot meals for dinner such as lemon chicken which is also a winning choice. There are plenty of side dishes to choose from. For dessert you have to try the cupcakes that are made with olive oil and their cannolis. You only live once, so go for the splurge. Your waist size won't mind. If you possibly can't eat anymore, grab a box of the variety cupcakes for to go. The flavors are unique such as lemon, mexican lime, blood orange, etc. You can take your food and eat it under the olive trees. At night there is live music and the setting is very cute. It is a family place and you can have your kids run around freely without annoying the other guests.
4	First off, if you are using a Garmin GPS, forget about it. You wont find this place.  This is only the second time it has let me down but still.....you have to go way past where it tells you to go and you might as well ask and stop for directions.  Anyways.....we finally found out how to get here (Off Combs and Meridian) and decided to eat lunch. I saw a Best Thing I Ever Ate and Beau McMillan picked this as his favorite sandwich or something to that effect.  My wife and I both got the Kalamata sandwich and a fountain drink.  Damage for everything was $24 bucks and change.They give you a little buzzer that goes off when your food is ready.  They have some seating inside, and a lot more outside.  We grabbed a seat and waited only about 5 minutes.  Picked up our sandwiches, got our drinks and went outside to grub down!First thing I noticed is that the actual sandwich was way way way smaller then what they showed on TV.   Once I bit in, the size didnt matter that much.  Anyways....this sandwich had 2 kinds of salami, capicola, provolone,arugala, tomato and a creamy herb dressing all on top of a crusty baguette.  The flavors were amazing!  It was a mighty fine sandwich and I devoured it in record time.  They also give you a big pile of kettle chips and a couple of olives. I washed it down with some homemade prickly pear lemonade which was delicious!  Overall it was a solid lunch.They also have a gift shop where they sell different things like olive oil, stuffed olives, bread, cupcakes made with olive oil etc.  We decided to get a 500ml bottle of their garlic olive oil, some olive tapenade spread and my wife also picked up some lip balm/chapstick things too. It was a nice little stop.  A tad on the pricey side for everything and not the easiest place to find keep this from being perfect.   Killer sandwich though!
5	This is one of the first places in Queen Creek that I've found worth mentioning on Yelp. In fact, If you like Olive Oil this is heaven on earth for you! The building looks like an industrial garage when you pull up, but they have done wonders inside. Stop by for lunch, a glass of wine, and take home a bottle of their high-quality olive oil.
5	Great atmosphere and food. We keep coming back!
2	Road our motorcycles to the mill this morning for breakfast.  Their website states the restaurant opens at 8 AM on Sunday & we arrived about 8:05 AM.  The staff was in the restaurant talking & everyone started moving around when we walked through the door.  The woman who went behind the counter rudely explained they don't open un 9 AM, we could order breakfast but potatoes wouldn't accompany our meal as they weren't prepared yet.  We were told we would get fruit instead, which was fine with us.  When we explained about the hours shown on their website our comment was ignored.  Another couple made the same comment & were ignored as well.  We ordered the mill's version of Eggs Benedict, which was okay but not great.  The Hollandaise sauce was lacking in flavor & the portion was small for the price.  We ate our breakfast on the outdoor patio which is a lovely setting but had to listen to a staff member's loud cell phone conversation while he was washing to front door windows.  Overall, not impressed.  Most likely won't return.
4	Queen Creek Olive Mill is a first rate, but rural place. Spotless, easy parking and very friendly. The selections of oils, vinegars,olives, baked goods and even wines, books and cooking accessories are fantastic. If you are looking for a nice place to take someone for a small day trip this is it. It gives a real taste of rural Arizona but with a very classy atmosphere. The food in the restaurant is quite good and has a huge selection. If you are vegetarian you can even find great choices. The baked goods and gelato are perfect for those with a sweet tooth. Friday and Saturday evening there is live music. The wine selection is decent and the tours are interesting. Make sure to ask plenty of questions if you get the chance. This is a great location to take someone if they need to sit down regularly or need wheelchair access.
4	The store has great products.  The olives, oils and balsamic vinegar is great.  Stay away from the product they sell outside.  The corn was way too young and not ready to be picked.  The one piece that looked mature has a 2" caterpillar inside.  That was really disappointing.
5	I lived on an organic farm for a few weeks in Peru a while back. The best thing about it was the food. The fruits and vegetables were freshly plucked from the ground just minutes before we washed it and cooked it up. Each bite embodied the words "fresh" and "nutritious" and filled me with a type of satisfaction I couldn't put into words, but it made me feel healthy and energetic and truly believe in buying local purely because of how  quickly it goes from the farm to your fridge, retaining these qualities. Queen Creek Olive Mill's food has the same nutritional goodness. The allure may be in the local products at the grocery--Flavored olives and olive oils, freshly baked breads, spreads, fresh cupcakes, etc. I argue that the food is its winning selling point. I savored each bite of the Eggs Benedict as if it were my last meal, and the vanilla bean waffle is fluffy and perfect, topped with maple syrup that made me drool. Good thing I was sitting outside- I don't think anyone noticed. My friends and I sat at the picnic tables out in the lawn area, and even after we finished, sat there sipping iced tea and listening to some jazz. It was an absolutely ideal morning. The drive, although far, makes it feel like you're taking a mini-getaway and forces you to peruse the countryside there. Next time I think we'll make a culinary-adventure day of it when the air gets cooler, and do Schnepf Farms and the Pork Shop. We'll probably need to walk from place to place to build up our appetites, but it sounds delightful...
5	Food is a little pricey but it's organic and healthy so I guess you get what you pay. I love the food here. You can sit outside on the picnic table or inside with the a/c. If you're olives connoisseur you won't be disappointed.
1	We went to CCOM for two reasons: 1) we had a gift certificate. 2) we saw on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" on Food Network.I have no idea how it got that rating - while the food wasn't bad, it certainly wasn't the best thing I ever ate.  The portions were absolutely LAME!  Seriously - $9 for a sandwich that left me hungry.  The one they showed on Food Network actually had more than one layer of meat - not mine.  They MUST have paid Beau Macmillan a lot of money to talk highly about the sandwich - he even held his finger & thumb up to indicate how thick the sandwich was.Read the rest of the reviews.  These guys are cashing in on the kitchy nature of the place - they're not earning their money!
5	Really do love this place.  One thing to note is there are not a lot of options for kids to eat, but I think the owners would prefer it that way with as many glass bottles as they have everywhere (with olive oil of course)  There are options though - grilled cheese, but not the plain boring kind kids like ... they are the kind us adults like and enjoy hahah.  Anyway - great sandwiches and breakfast options ... great for non meat eaters, they also have gelato now which is a bonus!  This place was featured on food network "Best thing I ever ate" so its got a lot of people ALL THE TIME.  Enjoy though, its a great place.They have expanded since the first time I went (size and menu) so that is why I wanted to update ... no more just a few options ... they got a full menu with lots of stuff I wanna try.
4	Really enjoyed the food there!  A bit of a drive but worth it.  Draw back--Breakfast and lunch only.  Dinner would be great there.  Took the tour and learned a lot about olive oil.  Large selection of olive oils and balsamic vinegar flavors.  Tasting bar to taste before you buy-Nice.  Free recipes, very tasty gelato and many thing to give as gifts.  Educational and yummy.  I will definitely go back to this one!
4	The food is great and so is the grassy knoll! When we went the facility was undergoing some renovation so there was no big drums of olive oil to stare at. But never fear, they made up for it by having an 'Italian' Oktoberfest. 5 FREE tastings of wine/beer and the option to purchase tasting tickets for more. I am still basking in the glow from last Saturday... Lobster bisque and wine. Don't forget to pick up Christmas and Birthday gifts while there, it is very far from Phoenix proper.
5	Queen Creek Olive Mill makes world class olive oil and they are excellent at sharing their point of differentiation with their casual tour of the grounds.  They share the process of making olive oil and review surprising facts about the olive industry and how and why they have entered the olive trade.Of course there is great food to be had upon the grounds in a pleasant garden atmosphere among their producing olive orchard.  Make sure you don't miss the olive bar with FREE samples which puts AJs and Whole Foods to shame,.........and the best part is, it's ALL made in house.  If you like olive oil and want to understand why Italy, Spain and Greece are considered premium olives, this tour will answer your question.  Take a drive out when the weather is good and enjoy an brunch or afternoon.http://queencreekolivemill.com/
1	All I can say is that the Queen Creek Olive Mill is a BIG FAIL! We live in the far East Valley, so we had heard about the mill for quite some time. Since there isn't much to do in these parts, we decided to check it out. Thank GOD we don't live far because this place is not worth the hype. We ordered the bruchetta board thinking we'd get some decent slices of bread with great toppings on them. Sadly, we got 3 pieces of minature toast for 9.00. There wasn't even enough food to feed a child on this plate.For a beer, small plate of toast, one bottle of olive oil and one bottle of BBQ sauce, our bill was 41.00 - Rip Off!I think this placed is WAY over priced for what you get and not worth the drive out to BFE. Save your money and go to a movie instead!
3	I'm always on the lookout for cool places to bring out of town friends and this place seemed to fit the bill.  It's a sustainable farm that produces Arizona's only extra virgin olive oil.  I came in for lunch and as I pulled into the GRAVEL parking lot my stomach turned because I had expensive heels on and knew they were going to take a beating (I know, "waaah" right? But there are women out there that love their shoes as much as I do and will appreciate the heads-up).  Once I entered the Olive Mill I was delighted to see how adorably quaint it was inside.  The building was split in two, market on one side, bistro on the other with seating in between both and also outside.  The market had testers of all their products, great idea but the food testers didn't seem sanitary so I didn't try anything.  I ended up buying some awesome hand balm that I love.  They had a really great wine selection as well.  Alright so here's the bad part.  The entire time I was there, not one employee greeted me or cracked a smile.   There was one guy in particular that was going back and forth stocking shelves and was visibly annoyed by my presence.  When I went to order my sandwich, I remembered I got a free drink with my Yelp check-in.  The girl at the counter sighed and rolled her eyes as I scrambled through my purse to find my iphone and she said "forget it, I got it."  Their sandwich the "Kalamata" had its 15 seconds of fame on the food network so I was going to get that but opted for the "Lucca" at the last second because it has brie...I love brie more than I love most family members.  The sandwich was a disappointment.  All the ingredients were there but it was devoid of any flavor and I couldn't figure out why.  I probably won't be bringing any of my homies here but I will drop by to buy products, I fully support local businesses.
5	I took a cooking class with Chef Eddie Matney (Eddie's House Restaurant) and his recipe called for Vanilla bean olive oil from the Olive Mill. First off, what he made with this recipe was phenomenal much thanks to that smooth vanilla olive oil in there! I decided to google this place only to find out that Chef Beau Macmillan acclaimed a the kalamata sandwich from there as his "bad boy favorite." I don't know what a bad boy favorite even means but it has to be good especially since I've had his food and was quite impressed. I decided to make the 45 minute drive from Scottsdale out there on a Sunday afternoon to get my olive oil and try this kalamata sandwich. Such a cool atmosphere inside. It's like a trader joes/gift shop/paradise bakery all with a rural, kinda on the farm feel. You could easily kill an hour here just looking around at all the stuff for sale.  I couldn't believe the kalamata sandwich! If you go there and order anything else....you're wrong. Freshest ingregients I've ever tasted. I feel like the pork could have just been butchered 5 minutes prior to me ordering it and the vegetables just picked from their garden (which they do have there). Pretty cool how you can sample the endless flavors of olive oil there. Got myself the vanilla bean and the blood orange as well. Make for some unstoppable pancakes. Tried the gellato and wasn't all that impressed. But in all due fairness, I'm not exactly sure what real gellato is supposed to taste like since all I've had is gelleto spot and grateful spoon.Definitely worth the drive! Great place to bring the family.
4	California could learn a lot from this establishment!Great products!
5	After reading the reviews, I had to mention that the Queen Creek Olive Mill makes olive oil.  Everything else is resale.  They make fresh olive oil from local trees in their own press.  They blend the oils to obtain different tastes in their extra virgin olive oil products.  This is the best of the best olive oil for salads and as a finishing oil.  Their flavored oils are made by running the other ingredient - garlic for instance - through the press with the olives.  The huge pressures burst the cells and release much more taste than if other flavors were simply infused.  So, buy and enjoy their superior olive oil.    Other stuff is sold as a convenience but is probably from California.  I do enjoy the different flavored olives and olive tapenade.  Just remember, they are an olive mill that makes fresh olive oil.  By the way, don't fall for sampling "fresh" olive oil straight from the press during the tour.  It takes a long time for the olive juice and oil to separate in a decanting tank.  Fresh olive oil mixed with the olive juice is horribly bitter - just like eating a fresh uncured olive.  The tour is more of a half hour lecture about olives and how oil is extracted than a walking tour of a factory.  Very interesting information worth the time.  Just pass on tasting the fresh olive oil from the press.  I don't have any problem with a company wanting to add on service and products.  Just don't expect a winery, cheese factory or fine dining restaurant.  I spend my money on their superb olive oil.  You can also buy their oils at AJ's Fine Foods grocery in the Phoenix area.
5	What a great place, a diamond in the rough!!! If you like olives, you will love this place and if you don't....you will still love this place. Great vibe and the staff is amazing. Very helpful, not pushy. Stopped by for lunch and glass of wine and walked around the shop and hung out outside for a bit on a great day. Will definitely be back!!!
3	great tasting kalamata sandwich, with a dinged star for the lack of organization when its crowded, and its elevated prices.
4	We had a great lunch and enjoyed our visit tremendously. Of special note though was the help I got from one of the guys on giving me some directions to Florance via the "adventure  route", It was very nice of him to spend this time with me. Thanks for the great service. If you vist juisit make sure to take time on the patio and enjoy
2	Just checked out the much ballyhooed Olive Mill in Queen Creek.Still suffering the after effects of over salted food. I had to give a heads up to anyone planning to eat there .   The food is very very high in salt content and not well prepared. Everyone in my party agreed , too salty. One person said it seemed like cafeteria food.The format is the same as  Wldflower Bread company, but the prices are very high.Next time I would prepare lunch at home and perhaps get a nice piece of cake and coffee at the Olive Mill. They do sell Olive Oils and such. I bought selections from the food and skin care products they sell on sight.  Have not used them yet.I also took "the tour" which will cost you $5.00.HHMMMMMMM.Apparently they have had  notoriety for some exceptional food in the distant past.  This is certainly no longer the case as the food now is certainly sub parr. Alot of hype with little to substantiate or sustain these great stories.In summation, everyone is very nice and helpful on sight and the store is lovely.next time its cake and coffee some quick selections from the store and off I go
4	Olive oil has a ubiquitous influence in the foodie world, but how much do we know about what goes into producing a fine extra virgin?The Queen Creek Olive Mill is where all of your questions will be answered.  Begin your visit with a $5 tour, which "walks" you through the growing process, and what makes Queen Creek an excellent location for Olive groves.  Why, although not organically certified, these olives are not treated with chemicals or pesticides.  Find out about the olive harvest, why there is no such thing as a black olive, and why The Mill's Master Blender carefully and meticulously supervises each harvest from begin to end.The tour takes you into the heart of the operation, the presses.  All olive oil is extracted by mechanical means, keeping its integrity.  In the pressing room, you can sample varieties of olive oils as well as olives.After experimenting for over a decade with different olives, the result is a grove of over a dozen varieties of olives.  Their extra virgin has a distinct flavor due to a few practices inherent in their harvesting.  Olives are harvested by hand (no fallen olives) and cold pressed within 24 hours.  Due to late harvests between the months of September and December, their olive oil has a fruity yet buttery taste.  And you can sample all of their infused oil at the Olive Oil bar. I highly recommend the Meyer Lemon for dipping and cooking, as well as the White Truffle oil.  For baking their Chocolate olive oil and vanilla bean are amazing, and can replace the need for regular vegetable or cooking oils.  The differences in moisture and flavor are astounding!~  There is a reason why they claim that "you are literally buying one of the best olive oils in the world."Along with a plethora of cooking oils, there are body care products made with their EVOO.  The body creams leave my skin moist and fresh for nearly a day, the lip balms are also exceptional.The cafe has a fresh assortment of sandwiches and salads.  Although the bruschettas look great, they are tiny pieces of extremely dry and crusty bread, the various toppings lacking in freshness and flavor - unfortunately.  But the most important thing to try on your sojourn here is the Olive Oil cake  You will never have cake that is more filled with flavor, more buttery, and for lack of a better word - more luscious.Wines from around the world can also be purchased by the bottle in their wine section.A fantastic place for a date, a relaxing lunch, an education...
1	Purchased the Groupon for the tri-pak of oils which they were out of.  Was told they would arrive in 15 minutes, waited 20 minutes and left.  Waste of a trip, guess they couldn't come up with a solution to give me another product to subsitute what they didn't have.  Ruined my experience to ever go there again.
4	It was ok , Expensive , OKStaff was friendly , Clean restrant .I don't know as that serve win even thoughit's A wine bar . Thats odd .But , Nice !!
5	The Olive Mill has just joined with Superstition Coffee to open a coffee shop in store.  We met the staff of the coffee shop and found them to be very friendly and very knowledgeable about their product.  They roast the coffee in house and do an excellent job.  My wife and I are coffee lovers and could be classified as coffee snobs, or having discerning tastes for coffee.  We have been driving all the way to Gilbert to find good coffee but no more as this coffee is the best we have found.  One final point is Superstition Coffee is a family run operation and the two son that work with their parents are Marine vets that have just come back from the Middle East.  This was offered to us by a very proud father and if nothing else that's a great reason to support them.
4	My hubby's Aunt and Uncle brought us here on our recent trip to Phoenix and it was great.  We didn't have any of their food, but the beer selection was nice and the red sangria was AMAZING. We sat outside under the trees and it was lovely.  They have a taster bar of their MANY olive oils and vinegars and they are all super tasty.  There are baguettes you can purchase and dip in the oils you portion out and we sat, drank, and carb loaded for about an hour.  Hubby and I decided our favorites were the Chili Olive Oil, the premixed dipping oil, and the pomegranate (or strawberry) balsamic vinegar.  We wanted to buy some, but at $20 a bottle, it's a little out of our current price range.Next time we're visiting Phoenix, we'll definitely be back.  And in the mean time I'll just have to save up for some of that delicious Pomegranate Balsamic Vinegar.  Yum!
4	This has to be one of the Valley's best kept secrets. They have sprawling grounds on which to picnic with salads and sandwiches purchased from their counter. Even though the place was packed for their Olive festival there was plenty of room for everyone to spread out and eat without feeling like you're on top of each other. They have tons of samples of wine, olive oil and some very creative tapenades. Don't leave without a jar of the red onion and fig tapenade. It's really unique and delicious. They have an oil for every occasion and some unique infusions such as meyer lemon, chile, and even chocolate olive oil.
5	Visited this great place last week with my parents and sister and we all had a great time!  The service was a bit "in the weeds" but everyone was friendly and nice and the food was very good.  The tour is worth the $5 and then some, very informative, and our guide was very funny and knew her stuff!  products for sale are lovely and the  drive is worthwhile.  It is a bit way out but it was different and a great way to spend Sunday.  GPS do not like the address so try google maps and your phone/ipad it will get you there.
4	We decided to check out the Olive Mill this afternoon and it was great. There is a huge selection of olive oils, olives, tapenade, vinegars and locally made products. They have a great little bistro as well. It was after 2pm by the time we pulled up so no Eggs Benny for moi. I'll remember to get up earlier next time! I had a glass of raspberry sparkling wine and the del Piero antipasto plate. It was good but perhaps the cheese they choose was a little boring, no flavour. My Mom chose the special, which was a roast beef open faced sandwich served with chips. It was the Canada Week special. Since we come from Alberta, she had to give it a go. It was, just okay. The gelato looked yummy, but there was no room this time!My favourite part of the whole place was the store. If you're looking to buy a local gift for someone, this is the place. I bought some bacon infused olive oil and a jar of tomato basil olives. We also had a request to bring back some of the bright, lime coloured olives for neighbour of my Mom's. Very yummy!
4	I've been to the Olive Mill several times over the last 3 years, and have never had a bad experience. The food has always been great...fresh, light, some of it's local. There have a huge, open, outdoor seating area (could use more picnic tables maybe?). It's always busy, but the lines ususally move pretty quickly. They've added a coffeeshop area inside and expanded their original building since we were there last, so it was cool to see a local, independent place doing well. My only complaint is they are a little spendy, but I think it's worth it for the food quality. They also sell  ton of local wine (I need to remember to swing by and buy some!) and their olive oils which we've bought a few times. All in all it's a diamond in the Queen Creek rough.
5	Olive heaven.  Great selection of olives, olive oils, and related products.  Take the tour if you go, it's definitely interesting and worthwhile.  High quality food sold on site.  I live nearby so I can stock up easily when needed.  My dirty vodka martinis have improved tremendously thanks to products from the Olive Mill.  Namely a mix I get there and the cream cheese stuffed olives.  Yummy.  I have also tried the jalapeno olives and they are very good.  Nice to add to Mexican food items.   If you have any interest in olives it is worth your time to get here.  A nice place to spend a few hours and pick up some great products.
4	it was girls day out and we made the drive from Phoenix out to the Mill.  That in itself was an experiece - there were some road closures and we had to make a big circle to get there- a little frustrating, but we made it and had some laughs.Wasn't sure what I was expecting, but a big warehouse wasn't it.  they have a large selection of olive oils, vinegars, and related items.  The tasting section of the oils is really cramped - unfortunately, gave up trying to taste as pushy rude people seemed to win out.    They should really put some thought into the layout of the store, checkout, tasting, and dining area - a better layout would help with the flow.we ate at the little bistro - the food was really delish and fresh.  Brushetta was good, the waffle was huge and yummy.   Dont bother ordering a glass of wine as you will pay for a full glass of wine, but get a thimble full.  Stick to bottled beer or the couple they have on tap if you must have a drink with lunch.   there was a little farmers market outside and a wine tasting going on. A few private parties - with great weather this would be a great location for a baby shower, birthday, etc.   a cute little place, but now that I have been there don't see myself making the long trip back.  I hear they are going to have their products in some stores soon, so will go pick them up there.
4	You can find Queen Creek Olive Mill's stuff at stores all around Arizona, but it's definitely worth taking the drive out to the far east valley (at least once) to see the farm with your own eyes.  They even offer a quick tour of the mill for just $5.  You won't see too much, but you will learn that there's more to the process of making extra virgin olive oil than you ever imagined.  It would probably be best to take the tour during the fall and winter months, when they are harvesting the olives.QCOM's olive oils are nothing short of amazing!  A two cup bottle may seem a little pricey at first glance, but when you try it, you'll know you're not tasting the cheap stuff from the grocery store.  Even better, there's a little bar in the back of retail and dining area where you can sample all of the olive oils, vinegars and tapenades.  The only disappointment is the lack of bread.  All QCOM offers is a little shot cup.  A sign says that it's because they want you to experience the pure taste (but they'll gladly sell you a small piece of bread if you want it).Lunch at the cafe was delicious.  My girlfriend and I weren't too hungry so we decided to split a panini.  We had the Manzi.  Chicken with fontina cheese, basil, sun dried tomato.  It also has QCOM's parmesan tapenade and white balsamic and herb crema.  It also comes with potato chips.  We also split a s'more bruschetta.  Honey mascarpone and nutella.  A fantastic dessert.  The food filled us up for the rest of the afternoon.  If it's a nice day, I highly recommend eating outside.It took well over an hour to get from North Phoenix to QCOM.  I really can't imagine going out of my way to check it out again anytime in the near future.  But like I said, it's worth at least a onetime checkout.  If you have any visitors in town, and are looking for a way to entertain them, take them out to QCOM.
3	Not a great variation on the menu. I had a cesar salad and it was yummy. Their shopping area was nice. Great variety of olive oils that you could sample.
2	This place I regret coming to sometime there is no consistency with breakfast items. The appearance looks pretty BUT NEVER HOT. I hate going up twice for the price you  pay for food they need to get it right the first time.The lunches are good and the outdoor seating is nice.***Over Price for the service & food get here ***
4	Live music, friendly service, warm atmosphere, free wine-tasting, fresh-roasted coffee, local gelato, stuffed olive bar, and loads of infused in-house olive-oils to try! The "tours" are fun, food is delicious, and other nearby farms and orchards are fun to visit as well. We visited from out of town and stayed at the Orange Blossom Hacienda Bed and Breakfast... which was another wonderful experience.  Who knew this dusty little corner of Phoenix could have such beautiful experiences?
5	I love the Olive Mill in Queen Creek.  Whenever we get company, we take them to the Olive Mill for breakfast or lunch (yesterday it was my sis-in-law).  With their new renovations, it really opens the place up and makes dining more pleasureable...you're not as crammed in and in the way of people looking at olive oil products. I tend to stick with the same thing...the grapolo (or however it's spelled) which is a veggie sandwich.  I usually have them leave the chips off the plate and upcharge with some fruit.  Yes, the place is a little pricey, but for me the food is fantastic.  And the blood orange upcake I had yesterday was divine!   My sis-in-law had the chicken "salad" sandiwch and tomato basil soup.  She too really loved the place and after lunch, look around at just about everything.From time to time they also have a little farmer's market (seasonal) and wine tastings, which we've enjoyed in the past.  Definitely try it out!
3	I would normally give them 5 stars, The Olive Mill is one of my favorite places to go. Love the food and atmosphere, newly renovated with coffee shop and the live music is great. We went here for Mothers Day in 2011 and it was very organized and pretty quick.  This year not so much - we arrived at 10:45 and they told us an hour for our food. No problem, we were in no hurry and like to look around at everything and try the wine tasting. We ended up actually waiting 2 hours and noticed, no one had their food. There was only 4 in our party. All the bussers kept saying was "they weren't prepared". No extra tables set up, no extra misters in the tent area(just the one blower). Customers were moving tables to shaded areas for their own groups. They were pulling tour guides off the tour to help. Why have a tour on Mothers Day and why advertise your place for tMothers Day and be so unprepared?  We will go back again because the food and atmosphere are great, but never again on Mothers Day.
1	Hot Breakfast..........NOT, Again cold food when it supposed to be hot....people beware of this over price place and lack of care for the customer it seems that this is the way of doing business.*** Again a nice place to visit but DO NOT EAT HERE.*** And DO NOT CARE!
4	Simply Lovely and Unique!  We enjoyed all the unique oils and vinegars they offer. Very relaxing place to stop and shop a little and have a bite to eat.  Get some fresh baked olive bread and enjoy with some amazing olive oil and specialty vinegars.
1	Took mom there for Mother's day and it was a mistake. They were not prepared for the crowd they had that day. There were not nearly enough tables and first come first serve, waited in line after line negotiating food orders and drink orders. They told us an hour and it was over 2 hours before the food was ready.  Overall a big disappointment.
4	Went here for brunch and had the olive oil waffle.  It was pretty good, although my husband didn't like the "cafeteria" style seating and serving.  You go up and grab your tray when your buzzer goes off.  There seems to be a good deal of seating inside and out, and from what I've heard they have live bands play in the fall!  Something I'll definitely be checking out!They have a lot of different olive oils, some good, some not-so good...but you can try them all at your leisure.  They also have a good selection of free recipe cards you can grab which I really liked.  The shop has a small selection of wine, and lots of different olives, tapenades, and other spanish/italian fare.  Fun for a dinner party, but a little over-priced.Overall a unique, fun place in the middle of nowhere!  I'd go again, especially for lunch as I've heard from many people that their sandwich selection is great!
4	This is the best place if you want to escape Arizona and feel a bit of wine country. Best place to spend a Sunday afternoon. My favorite part is uncorking a bottle of wine, and ordering lunch to be eaten outdoors. So spring weather is the best. Buy a mini loaf of bread and try their delicious olive oils and spreads...super inexpensive appetizer at just $1.50 and the samples are free.  They offer many sandwiches and the waffles with berries are to die for. Looking forward to trying their pizza...on my next visit. Regardless of what you choose follow up with gellatto...yum or take home some olive oil cupcakes. Delicious and moist...but a little spendy
5	Everything about the Olive Mill is amazing.  It's like a small piece of Tuscany was scooped up and placed just southeast of Phoenix.  1.  You can take tours of the olive mill.  The tour we took was really fun and we enjoyed every minute of it.  Don't worry about if it's a hot day, most of it is inside.  Maybe tours should be cheaper or you should get to take something with you (more than just tasting the oils) because $5 is a bit much with nothing to take home.  It's a great time for guests who may be visiting the area and looking for something to do.2.  The shop has tons of oils, breads, wines, pastas, cookbooks, lotions, and little souvenir things.  Everything is really nice.  And the oils are truly exceptional.  Whether you will use the oils for tasting or cooking, they have the right one and will help you pick it.3.  The restaurant is small but has a nice menu.  Located right in the shop, you order at the counter and pick it up when it is ready.  They have a vegan menu item or two for lunch/dinner and are able to make breakfast dairy-free and/or gluten-free.  I had to ask for the manager the first time, but since then it has been smooth ordering.  The buy one get one half-off breakfast Monday-Friday 9-11 is a pretty sweet deal too.  Free WiFi.4.  I may have saved the best for last.  The coffee shop (independent, but located in the mill) is amazing.  Superstition Coffee.  Wow.  Wow.  Wow.  Now, I'm saying wow and you should most definitely try this place if you love coffee (not like think drip coffee at Starbucks is decent coffee-lover, like think Italian dark roasts are the only kind of coffee coffee-lover).  The espresso is the best espresso I've had in the US.  I honestly do not think you'll get a better espresso without flying to Europe.  It's really amazing.  It's family-run (and my sister swears that the father and sons make a better latte).  If you are a true coffee-lover, this place is a must-go.  They have beans and grinds to go.  They will grind it there and you can order online to be shipped to you wherever you are.  I do have a feeling that the espressos and lattes are so yummy because of the machine though.  And yes, soy milk is available for an additional charge.
5	Took my grandmother here who was visiting from back east and we had such a delightful afternoon. There was a wine tasting that was fabulous. I actually bought a bottle from NC that tasted like tobacco (sounds gross but it was excellent). We sampled the watermelon beer, had a cappuccino which was excellent, and got a few salads and sandwiches for lunch. And of course we sampled ALL the olive oils. My husbands favorite was the chocolate olive oil and I liked the gourmet dipping olive oil.It was way way too hot to sit outside but the grove of olive trees and picnic tables outside looked so inviting. I can't wait to return in the fall when it cools down!
4	This place is so CUTE! I have been olive oil tasting at the Gilroy Garlic Festival in California and I loved it so when I found out there was a Olive Mill in Arizona I decided to go when I was visiting my sister.First of all the olive oil here is amazing. They have plenty of different flavors and even a Bacon Olive Oil. My favorites are probably their Bacon Olive Oil, Gournmet Olive Oil and Chili Olive Oil. The entire shop is so cute and when I went there was complimentary wine tasting. =D. I did the tour which just consisted of us all walking outside to look at the olive tree and come back into where the presenter told us stuff about the production of Olive Oil. There was one machine that she shows us but we weren't allowed to walk into the big production plant. I think the big production plant might be in another area. Anyways, it was good insight into olive oil and I learned a ton of stuff about it, also they had free samples of the stuffed olives. =))There are also samples of olive oil everywhere so you can try it. There is also a little cafe section. I ordered the Kalamata sandwich from the cafe because it was featured on food network and it was super tasty, there was a lot of meat on the sandwich. Then the ordered the s'more bruschetta which consisted of honey, nutella, bread and cheese, that was pretty disappointing because I think it needed much more nutella and more cheese. Overall, this is a fantastic olive mill and I wish I bought 6 bottles of olive oil here. The only reason I didn't is because it is a pain to take liquids onto a plane. I would definitely recommend going here if you are into cooking and have never been to a olive oil mill.
2	We like to support locally owned businesses, but some local establishments make it so difficult for us to do so.My wife and I went for lunch and ordered a sandwich (Lucca: Herb roasted turkey) and a bruschetta plate (Burnt Mozzarella & Pesto: Wild Mushroom: & Caramelized Red Onion & Fig Tapenade). FYI, there is no table service so you have to order at the counter.  I will say that the staff was friendly, so that's the positive, though there should have been more staff working the counter because it got backed up. The sandwich tasted OK, but the presentation was unimaginative, the bread not fresh (so dry it was falling apart) and the portions smaller than similarly priced fare fare from other establishments we frequent.  Frankly, the best thing on our sandwich plate was the potato chips!The bruschetta was laughable! For 6.99 we received 3 SMALL slices of bread that were only partially covered with a visually unappetizing mix of toppings. The bread was not adequately toasted so each piece was somewhat soggy. In addition, none of the toppings were warm, even though the cheese on two pieces was melted and the third topped with what we would describe as a chunky mushroom paste (that was claimed as served hot)... which led us to believe these items are prepared in advance and not to order, hence the cool temp and soggy bread.Seriously! $6.99 for 3 small slices? Haven't the owners ever been to Postino to see what presentation, flavor and value are all about. Check the photo link in my profile and you'll find the one I posted of QCOM's sorry excuse for a bruschetta plate. And to all of you who will argue "but the Postino Bruschetta is 13.50"! Yes, it's nearly double the price, but at Postino you receive: A) 4 LARGE pieces of bruschetta, cut into thirds for 12 slices total, each slice about the size of one QCOM bruschetta; B) Easily triple the amount of toppings on each piece: C) something flavorful that you'll actually enjoy eating; D) A beautiful presentation; E) Table service from friendly, knowledgeable staff.Don't get me wrong. I think it's great that the Rea Family has brought a fine range of olive oils and related products to Arizona and we have used their oils in our home kitchen.Unfortunately, the del Piero eatery is operated more like a tourist destination where they figure it's a "one shot" opportunity to get maximum return for minimum investment from customers who probably won't be returning. Our suggestion, take the tour, buy some olive oil... then go somewhere else for lunch where they have taken the care to give you superior ingredients, prepared with skill, in sufficient quantity to justify the price and with friendly efficient service to boot.Oh yeah... as for the Gelato. Don't bother. Go to Frost at San Tan if you want a real, authentic, phenomenal Gelato experienceThis comment for the owners: While we were waiting for our lunch we went over to the wine tasting area. The young lady hosting the tasting was very pleasant and outgoing, but when we heard her say the Pinot Gris was made from white Pinot Noir grapes we, and the other couple tasting at the time, realized we wouldn't get an education with our tasting. To QCOM and all other establishments doing tastings... please, please, please don't have a wine novice doing the pouring.
5	Really good, fresh food.  Tons of space to enjoy an outdoor picnic.  Live music on Saturday nights by a wacky, talented, diverse one-man band and a little room for dancing.
4	I love the food here, and the olive oil and other products. They always throw fun events too.Four stars? Because I left a voicemail with them with a special request, but never got a call back.
3	Not sure what I was expecting but it was nice.   We went on the tour which gave a lot of info on the different kinds of olive oil, mostly talking and not alot of touring.  We got to go in the room where they were pressing for a couple of minutes and taste the new press.  I think I would have liked to actually be in the  orchard and actually see the trees and olives, but really not possible.We enjoyed some food from the restaurant and sat under the olive trees.   Nice place to stop by, but don't make it your primary venture for the day as really 30-45 minutes is probably enough time.Loved the fact that it was organic and that they use sustainable gardening.  Veggie selections at the restaurant were fantastic.  If the rating would have allowed it, this would be a 3.5
5	Group of Ten DINK's loved this place!Deanna, the resident wine steward, was fantastic....highly suggest the following:- First, Deanna sat us at a table in the grove where water was waiting. She then gave us a brief intro of the mill.- We did the wine tasting in The Grove...no fee...just tips. Live acoustic music while we tasted 5 wines...very fun.- Then Deanna gave us a detailed overview of the olive oil business and process...very cool facts shared.- Then she gave us a tour of the olive oil "factory" and we tasted some oils.- then we ordered lunch, picked up samples of oils, a bottle of wine and a baguette.- For lunch we ordered antipasto, sandwiches, salads, sangria, beer, etc. All were great.Highly recommend The Mill for a great afternoon under the olive trees..ask for Deanna, she was awesome! We will be back...
5	I was surprised by the depth and distinctness of the olive oil.  I was expecting oiliness with hints of flavor, but instead was pleasantly surprised by bold flavors carried on an already flavorful oil.  This place far outshines other oil stores which add flavor essence to their oil.  They infuse the flavors here, making them stronger and more authentic.Overall, great oil and balsamic vinegar.  Try their food, such as the sandwiches.  And definitely try as many oil samples as you can.  The oil is not too expensive, ~$20 per bottle.  Well worth it if you like to use it on bread or to add some great flavor to a salad.
3	Good place - just a bit too far for most to go there often.The food is good but a bit pricy - and nothing special really. The one thing I don't like is they give you regular (aka crappy) potato chips with the lunches. The foo is on the higher-end for price so you'd think they could give you the chips with herbs/spices/etc.They have a few local beers, this is a small but nice touch.They have a good in-house coffee roaster too. The bagged coffee prices are high but they are a small batch shop so if you like the coffee a lot it might be worth it.The olive tours are great if you are new to the olive oil growing an making processes... definitely worth it.
5	I finally had a chance to visit this local company on Friday, I really wanted some local Olive Oil. The staff was very helpful, directing me after my explanation of what I was looking for. The oils are fantastic, I can't wait to go back for a class and maybe lunch. Great little local company - a must see if you're Queen Creek, Arizona.
2	we went back out this weekend to get some more white balsamic vinager (it is realy good) and decided to have lunch this time.The kids split a kids grilled cheese and liked it.My wife had the antipasto.  she enjoyed it, but it was very small for $12 and had thress baguette sized slices of bread that were not toasted or warmed.I had the Abrequine - sold as a roast beef panini but this sandwich never saw a panini press.  It was small and really need some kind of spread to add some flavor to it.  the potato(e) chips were crispy but oily.The kids like the gelato and I liked what I tried.I picked up a bottle of the mexican lime olive oil, it is too fragrant and sweet.  The taste comes off as artificial/  My wife like the spicy green beans and hte feta stuffed olives are ok.  Nice family trip ever 6 months or so but not a place to make a regular stop.
2	Great atmosphere. Great coffee. Horribly boring and bland food.
5	Bruschetta is really good here. They offer tours of the olive groves and have a wide variety of olives to select from inside the store. They also have Sandwiches and Italian ice cream to choose from. Over all it's just a nice little place to go and have lunch or just visit .
4	This place was cute and fun.  I used a groupon and went with my sister and parents when they were down here visiting for Thanksgiving.  We took the tour, which was short, cheap, and informative.  We bought a small loaf of freshly baked bread to sample some of the oils.  The lunch looked great-sandwiches and desserts, but we opted for samples and a mocha since we were headed to Mesa for lunch so we would like to come back and try some sandwiches.  It was lunchtime and there were quite a few people there.  All 4 of us purchased some Christmas gifts there so it was well worth the visit!
3	Neat little spot - we were too cheap for the tour and most of the items inside the shop. But everything is super nice & authentic. We probably would have bought more gifts there if it wasnt so spendy..
2	The food was average and their prices too high.
3	Ok place, had the Caesar salad with chicken and it was good.They need to have more people dedicated to cleaning the tables and the restaurant in general.The worst part of going here is the terrible access and egress to and from Combs, a gent on a motorcycle got clipped when I was leaving.
5	This place is an oasis in the middle of nowhere.   It has a little bit of everything, but must try waffles.
5	If you are looking for fresh organic olives, olive oil and olive oil products, then this is the place to be!This place is a huge supporter of local business. The sell many local organic honeys, dips, coffee, beer, pork...  I'm sure I've left items out. They offer a tour of the facility to see the process it takes for an olive to be picked from a tree then pressed into oil. The food, beverages and olives are out control!If you're looking for something different and fun then definitely check out Queen Creek Olive Mill!
4	Great place to visit and check out the olive oil products available in addition to their food and desserts.     Stop by relax and enjoy the activity.      You will not be disappointed.      A jewel in the far-southeast valley.
4	I go for the artisan pizza on the weekends.. It's so good I dont even know what else is on the menu. Plus they have local AZ beers on tap. They use the local pork shop for the meats so its delicious and fresh
1	Waited over 45 minutes today for a terribly over-priced BLT sandwich on a very dry, hard roll.  Two pieces of bacon and a thin layer of tomato paste.    In addition, a bowl of chicken soup with two noodles, one piece of carrot,  no chicken, only Luke warm broth.  The other dishes around us looked far better.  Management seriously needs to improve the quality of this sandwich, or remove it from the menu.  I Informed the manager and was offered a refund that was never delivered.  I was told to wait for it, and eventually gave up.On another note, the musical blues artist was very entertaining and friendly to the customers.  He had a friend show up from Seattle who played great guitar and saved the afternoon from being a total rip-off.  Signed ...still hungry!
4	What a great place to hang out and enjoy some time outside. Nice and relaxing. Live music is a nice touch. Plenty of places to sit under a shaded tree or inside. Lots of things to sample and buy. Plan to spend a few hours. Don't be in a rush. The food is pretty good. The Kalamata sandwich was plenty to split between 2 of us. The chicken noodle soup had great flavor but lacked actual chicken.  One small piece of chicken in a large order (bowl) does not a chicken noodle soup make.  But we didn't complain.  They were extremely busy and we were enjoying ourselves any way. Listening to some fantastic live guitar players out on the patio on a beautiful day in AZ.
5	Great way to spend an afternoon...get a bottle of wine and some ante pasta enjoy the sun in the orchard.
5	Good food.
4	A fun place to visit. They have olives, tapenades, olive oil, coffee, and all kinds of products made out of olive oil. The olives are grown on-site And the olive oil is pressed on site.  The restaurant makes great sandwiches. They also have a wine bar on the weekends. And pizza. If you are visiting in the area, this tourist attraction is a must do.
3	5 stars for the store.  They have a unique selection of products that make great gifts.  There is a tasting bar for the different oils.  Another 5 stars for the tour.The restaurant is another matter.  The relatively good reviews are really surprising.  First of all (and I recognize this is MY issue), I really prefer table service to placing your order at one counter and picking it up at another.  This is for McDonalds and Burger King.  Secondly, for what they charge, the food should be on real plates with silverware, not on paper and plastic.  And third, the food is just OK.  The offerings at lunch, though, are much better than breakfast.Lastly, they have no clue on how to serve sangria.  While their recipe is pretty tasty, it is served without ice, in a juice cup!  For an exorbitant price.  Yikes.
4	So I gotta say, I'm now an official fan of the Olive Mill Pizza's.  Oh, and their chopped salad.  Yummy. Their pizza's uniquely their own.  Fresh and flavorful served only on Friday and Saturday evenings.  One pizza and a chopped salad was perfect for two people unless you're super hungry.  Followed by a gelato for dessert, again uniquely their own flavors.A bit confusing to order if you've never been there before.  Look for the signs to direct you, so many to choose from.  Order at the counter and wait or they can give you a beeper if you prefer to wait in the grove or roam their unique store filled with a variety of olive oils, gift packs, breads, books, coffees, wine.Gotta love the seating, especially in the Spring time sitting out among the olive trees.  Inside seating is lacking a bit in charm, but functional.  Not your average restaurant and so much potential. They've made many changes and are always updating trying to stay sustainable and local as much as possible.  I'm excited as to what they'll do in the future.
3	Went on the guided Olive Tour. I thought it was neat. I wouldn't have even done the tour but my dad pushed for it. Learned some stuff about Olives that I would have been OK without knowing. But I did get to taste 5 different Olives stuffed with different things. (Garlic, Almond, Blue Cheese, etc.) And they have Vanilla Bean infused Olive oil. DUH. So cool!We got a coffee at the little coffee shop inside and then ordered food from across the coffee shop. The coffee was good. STRONG. Just the way I like it. And the lady behind the counter was really nice. The food on the other hand... Meh. I've had better. I wasn't impressed with what I got. It was a Vegetarian Fritatta or something along those lines. The bread in which it was sandwhiched was SO thick. Way too thick for a sandwhich. It just tasted ok. I bought some housemade lip balm on the way out and was quite satisfied with the product. I'd come back for the coffee, wine tastings on the weekends and maybe the beauty products.. but that's about it.
4	Local food, but a bit on the pricey side. It was all delicious though. I would love to come back for one of the pizza nights. They appear to have been listening to the critiques on Yelp- food was served on regular dishes (melanine I think), and with some garnish and at least a bit of attention to presentation. You do still order and pick up food at the counter, but that probably just helps with the traffic flow issues of having a restaurant, store, and tour in the same place.I had the daily special reuben and I have to say that I loved having the dressing on the side rather than on the sandwich. There's nothing worse than a reuben drowned in thousand island. Even better, this was a homemade dipping sauce. The potato chips weren't seasoned other than salt, but they didn't appear to be Lay's chips either, and they were tasty enough.The staff was super friendly. They happily gave us samples of any olives that looked interesting, and the olive bar was great. The samples of flavored olive oils and vinegars were delicious. We got there after the wine tasting had closed for the day, so no tasting there, but we definitely enjoyed our trip.
4	Im a bit torn on this one, I LOVE the Olive Mill, and theyve made olives part of my life again BUT. I honestly dont like the expanding...Never been a coffee drinker so that part obviously doesnt appeal to me.Always been a pizza guy, whether eating/making it, but the "artsy" pizza's they serve are way overpriced for what u get, I will not buy another ever. Maybe its just me liking our LITTLE secret here in qc, or just seeing in the past that when things expand they often get worse, lose focus of what made them great in the 1st place, the parking is/has already been an issue here, OH, AND THEY CLOSE TOO EARLY!
4	This review is about the food at the diner, the samples of olive oil and vinegar, and the olive bar. During my trip with my wife and some friends that was what we tried.The sandwiches were tasty. Naming them after olives can get confusing but just read the cheat sheet. the apps were great too. Eating a meal off of sandwiches and apps can get pretty pricey but it was a fun treat.The aged balsamic was great. Just give me a straw! I'm not a fan of flavored oils so I avoided those. But some of the single source olive oils were making me want to throw together a salad right there.And the reason that I would consider the 45 minutes - 1 hour to go back... the olive bar. Growing up I hated olives. About a year and a half ago I gave up soda and some things that I used to hate are turning into favorites. Good olives are on that list. The staff will happily walk you through some samples. And at $9/lb the olive bar is comparable to supermarkets. I ended up with a 1 pound container that had a mix of nicoise, kalamata, and my favorites... I believe they were Castelvetrano olives. They are large and very bright green. They are mild meaty and have almost no bitterness or strong briny flavor to them.
5	I took my out of town visitors there.  They really liked it. The day we visited they were having an art show.  We picked up a few reasonably priced pieces. The Belgian waffles were very good but I wish I had tried the cheese tray, oh well, next time. There will definitely be a next time. It was well run, clean and interesting.
3	Let me begin by saying that I do not like Olives. They are a food item that I have always liked the idea of...and once a year I talk myself into popping a few in my mouth and invariably say "nope, still don't like em."I went here because it was something my wife always wanted to try and I do like to use Olive oil often in my cooking and we needed a day to get away.Despite being expensive and horribly far away, I was pretty impressed. So much so that I had Olives that I actually enjoyed for the first time which was an amazing experience for me. Something of a "so this is what I have been missing" moment.I really wish they were closer to home, but I get that they are literally on a farm, it's just difficult for me to get out there. Their store has something of a Trader Joe's vibe about it, and I am all for supporting local businesses. It was something different, a good experience, recommend you try it once to see if you like it.
3	I went there on a weekday so it wasn't crowded. The atmosphere was very good. I enjoyed the coffee and spent too much money on olive oil and balsalmic vinegar, but they sure are good. Boutique prices make going to this place expensive.Skip the tour because it's not worth $5. All you get to see is a mock up of an oil mill and a short talk on how it works. You never actually see olives being turned into oil. You will be told what extra virgin olive oil means, which you could find out for free on wiki. I'm not sure I'll be back but I will recommend it for out of town guests.
3	After hearing several friends talk about the place son and I thought it would be an interesting place to take my wife for  for Mothers Day.  We expected it to be crowded and it was.  I'm not sure what I expected but it was not what what we found  It was nice but not great.  We ordered some sandwiches which were pretty good and because of the heat we ate them inside.  There were others that ate outside but because of the heat no one looked comfortable.  There was a band that was playing, which was nice, but it was too hot to enjoy them.   They had a coffee bar and gelato stand that we did not try. There was a wine tasting, which was nice, but the wines were all pretty bad.  There were lots of items to purchase but everything was way overpriced.  You kind of had the feeling that you were in a tourist trap. The have an olive oil tasting area but they do not provide bread, they claim it changes the taste of the oil.  The make you pour the oil into little paper cups and drink it straight up  (yech).  Since no one drinks olive oil straight up I think that you are better off seeing how it tastes on bread.   If nothing else it eliminates the yech factor.  We went on the $5 tour, did not expect much, and got even less.  The tour consisted of going out the side door, having someone collect our tour tickets, going in another side door, sitting down in front of an olive crushing  machine  that was not operating and having someone tell us  how olive oil is made and all the things that we could spend our money on.  They should change the word "tour" to "lecture" or  "sales pitch", as we saw nothing.  We did get to taste 2-4 olives however. In summary I am glad we went, and it will be on the list if we have visitors and can't think of anything better to do.   It is overpriced, a bit of a tourist trap, but that said it is worth doing once.
4	I love the Olive Mill! It has such a great selection of products to buy. Also, if you have more time to be there, I would definitely recommend eating there. I've tried quite a few things there and have yet to be disappointed! It can get really busy there, so just be prepared to wait if you order food. Otherwise, this place is great and has so many gift options! I would recommend trying the chili olive oil! It's delicious and adds just the right amount of heat to whatever you are making. Once you are done at the Olive Mill you should head over to Schnepf Farms!
5	If you can't be on the coast of Italy. ..or until you get there,  you can at least hang here.Love this place. And peach farm across street mixes well. Good food, good atmosphere and good time. (Try that honeyed mascarpone! YummO! On bruscetta, just sayin).
4	I highly recommend visiting this lunch spot. The food is great and there is a store with baked goods, coffee, gelato, and olive oils (along with free recipes) to browse through while you are waiting for your food. I have not yet tried the pizza but will be returning soon!
5	My husband, dog and I headed to the Olive Mill this spring to enjoy a beautiful Saturday outside.  The market was amazing...anything you could possibly think of to eat was offered.  They had a band playing, offered wine tastings and a tour of the olive mill.  We will definitely be back again to enjoy another beautiful Saturday at the mill.
4	The Olive Mill is one of our favorite places in Queen Creek. The only negative thing I would say is that during snowbird season it is PACKED. So, if you're local, definitely go during the off season. Other than that, the Olive Mill is a great place to go for lunch or just for some great olives!
2	Did the Olive Oil 101 tour and stayed for lunch drinks, and gelato.  I don't understand why this place is so popular.  The food is terrible, salads are bland with no flavor.  The olive oils are young, and taste terrible.  They use half and half ripe and unripe olives in their oils and I don't feel that it helps the flavor.  This is NOTHING like Italy or Spain olive oil.Staff was not overly friendly or helpful.The only reason for the stars is the picnic area.Perhaps this is the best that it gets when you are out in the sticks.  Save yourself the time and money, go to downtown Gilbert.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by our trip to the Olive Mill. Tour- It was ok, we most likely wouldn't do it more then once (unless we decide to bring someone from out of town).  Shopping - Price is a little high but We purchase chocolate infused, blood orange olive oil and a peach balsamic. The lady giving the tour told us she likes the chocolate OO with her ice cream so I tried it and it's excellent. Food - Good food and nice portions.We will be back for lunch or dinner.
4	Great food, live jazz tonight inside. We chose to sit outside under the canopy since it was raining (a rare experience in AZ). We ordered the chopped salads with a couple of their specialty pizzas. Large portions make this a great place for our family.
4	Queen Creek Olive Mill is a little hidden gem out 50 miles past Phoenix. We took the Olive Oil 101 tour first. It wasn't really a tour since you sort of just stay in the one room where they make the olive oil. They give you lots of information, but it was a little dry since they aren't actually pressing the olives during this time of year. I bet it would be really cool to see during their olive oil season though! After the tour, we ate at the eatery at the mill. I had the Manzi panini which had grilled chicken, fontina cheese, sun dried tomato and Parmesan tapenade, and basil on a rosemary focaccia bread. It was fantastic and probably not the least bit healthy! It came with a side of kettle cooked chips. I wish you could do a half panini with a half salad but they only let you do that with cold sandwiches. My parents ordered the Kalmata sandwich featured on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" on the Food Network. They both enjoyed it but I wasn't really a fan. Then again, I'm not really into cold sandwiches. I just wish they offered more olive dishes because I'm such a huge olive fan and they are an olive mill after all! Overall good visit and great food.
4	Stopped here on a whim. I experienced some wine and olive oil tasting. The employees at those tables were very informative and knowledgable. I tired the lunch and it was healthy and a big portion for the price. My only bad aspect of my experience was that the lady at the food cashier was getting frustrated with me about my order. I wasn't familiar with some of the phrasing, instead of helping, it seemed she just wanted to move me along. There was no one else in line.
3	I love this place but giving three stars because its sooo expensive. For them making their own stuff and cutting shipping costs, etc.. It should be more affordable.
5	We were there on a Friday evening and had pizza and the chopped salad with the lemon evoo, it was delicious.  Also picked up a bottle of Italian wine "Liveli" and was pleasantly surprised to find out the $5.00 corkage fee is waived in the late afternoon.Finished our meal with a gelato while listening to live music.Just a great way to kick off the week-end!
5	Great place to take the family food is very good and there are many things to do
3	Visited on a Sunday.  Had the kalamata sandwich which was good, but the olives served with it were smaller than a pea.  Is this an olive farm?   They should be handing out samples all over the place.   $10 is a little high for a deli sandwich and the teas were yukky.  Waaaay to sweet.  Also the gal taking my order looked/acted a little put out because I asked two questions.
3	What did we miss???? Though, I'll preface this whole thing by saying that we drove from the West Side to this venue, and that had to be at least 60 miles one way (not including the getting lost on the way there part), and it was also raining out. So maybe an outdoor experience may have added to the fanfare.But what we did experience was nothing so remarkable or noteworthy that I would recommend anyone travel 60+ miles one way to see. We did take the tour to see how the oil is manufactured, which I believe we had to buy tickets to see the wild wonders, and yet the whole thing, while interesting, lasts only about 10 minutes. Not really worthy of the cost of admission, if you ask me.And given that it was raining out, we spent the remainder of our time in their gift shop/restaurant, a high-priced tourist trap if there ever was one. Granted, we didn't go there to eat, as we had a different dining engagement lined up, so I can't comment on the restaurant experience; just on the touristy angle, which was like the string running through the pearl chain of all virtues at best. We did buy some of the oil, but I can't say (given the lofty prices) I was speechless with admiration. The whole experience was sort of like a Hollywood movie set; style without a lot of substance. If you don't live across the street (or at least nearby), or you're not going there to eat or buy the pricey oil, I'd skip this one.
5	The Olive Mill has awesome products and there is always something new and wonderful to try.  Recently I made a purchase and sent it home since I was flying home and couldn't take it on board the plane.  The package was sent out the next business day, just as they said it would, but it never showed up at my door.  Either Fed-Ex lost it or it was taken off of our porch.  We have packages delivered here all the time and have never had a problem.  Fed Ex failed to track it down and closed my case.  As soon as I reported it to the Olive Mill (they guarantee all their shipments) they sent out another package to me without delay.  i'm so happy with their service!  Not to mention in the package I received super good Spanish Olive Tapanade, White Truffle Oil and the Limited Edition Peach White Balsamic Glaze!  Oh my, can't wait to use them all!  If you are in Queen Creek make sure you stop by...so much to sample and lots of fun to shop.
4	Very fun place! There was music going and people line dancing inside.  Before you head inside though, they have outdoor seating for eating.Indoors, there is plenty of merchandise to make shopping difficult.  So many delicious things.  You place your food order inside.  It was a bit busy when we visited and at checkout it was a bit disorganized.I would really like to checkout the place again during the day to see everything outside.  And of course to try out some menu items.
2	I am sorry to say we were very disappointed with breakfast.  We had breakfast focaccia sandwith with olive & onion tapenade and maple sausage.  Sounds tasty,  but it was surprisingly bland.   The foccacia was very light which is great, but there was no flavor.  The maple sausage was also virtually flavorless and there was only a tiny hint of the tapenade on the sandwich.  The egg and flavorless cheese focaccia sandwich started at $5.95 I think it was.  Adding the extra $1.50 for the maple sausage and $1.50 for the tapenade bumped the price to $8.95.    That would have been ok if there had been flavor.   Bummer.On the positive side, the staff is phenomenal !We did purchase a couple of different topenades and sauses to try at home.We always give a place a couple of tries just to be fair so we will return.  I will repost if our next visit warrants a recant
4	Good food and fun review too.
5	And u can buy a bottle of wine and pay a $5 corking fee to drink it on premises. We opted not to, but it would b a bargain alternative to ordering a bottle of wine at a restaurant.
4	Everything Olive, lots of interesting olives, olive oils, and olive pastes and olive spreads and olive etc.  If you can find a way to use these various olive forms, you can buy a lot of different things.  The products are high quality, with prices to match, not unreasonable prices, but fair.  They also have a counter with sandwiches and snacks and other foods.  Again, high quality with a fair price.  The tour is interesting and is designed to help you understand why the products are considered high quality.  On the weekends it is very busy, especially during touristy weekends.  If you live in Queen Creek or San Tan then stop by and check it out.  If you live further away, plan a trip and hit this Olive Mill, The Pork Shop, and maybe Schnepf.  As far as Olive mills/restaraunts go, this is a good one.
4	When I was invited to join friends on their visit to Queen Creek Olive Mill during the Harvest Festival, I jumped at the chance to play 'tourist' in my home state.There are a lot of things to like here, and we saw all of them: - Lunch in the Eatery at the Mill - while I thought the food was just OK, the cupcakes I tried later (Meyer Lemon and Vanilla Bean) were amazing!- Olive Oil 101 class ($5 per person) - lots of good information on how olive oil is made.  I learned why I cannot stand the taste of black olives from a can, but loved the green olives at the Mill - it is all in the preparation!- Marketplace - I cannot pass up an opportunity to shop!  The Marketplace had a nice assortment of olive oils, balsamic vinegars, olive-oil based bath & body products as well as a selection of gift items and wines.  I managed to hold back just a little, but still walked out with some great things including a super tasty Asiago Parmesan tapenade, Meyer Lemon olive oil and strawberry balsamic vinegar.  I told myself they would make great gifts, but let's face it, I will keep them all for myself.Make an afternoon of your visit!  Enjoy the gorgeous weather while listening to the live music outside and savoring some wines from the Marketplace.  Cheers!
4	The Queen Creek Olive Mill is a picturesque little area with picnic tables, a veranda, lined with, you guessed it, olive trees! The store sells a plethora of various oils, preserves, and vinegars. There is a testing station towards the back of the store, and there are little eateries on the sides selling sandwiches and desserts.I tried out some of the olive oils at the testing station, such as the bacon, blood orange, and Meyer lemon. The bacon was divine, and the blood orange had a crisp citrus taste and smell. I ended up taking home a bottle of the Meyer lemon, as it was the most versatile for my baking and cooking needs. Compared to the We Olive Mill in California, this olive oil wasn't as fragrant or flavorful, but it's local, and beats a trip to San Diego or San Francisco cost wise!
2	Unimpressive breakfast.  Cool spot, olive oil, outside seating, love that its a local business, etc...with that's said:I had breakfast sandwich on focaccia.  Way to much bread, probably great for dipping in olive oil, terrible for sandwich.  Egg was in similar shape to that on an egg mcmuffin,  small amount of bacon and organic tomato (which you pay extra for).  Was cold in middle, etc.  my wife had omelette, which was again average at best.  Small portion (which is fine, portions are too big in most restaurants anyhow), but she finished half, and we decided to call it and have an early lunch.I suppose its probably the  equivalent of going to a steakhouse and getting the chicken.  Could be a real cool spot, seems like you would be able to eat a good country style breakfast there.  We definitely did not.
4	We recently moved to the QC/STV area and were told we HAD to check out the Queen Creek Olive Mill. So, our first week here, we did. The food left me a little unimpressed (especially for the price), and the gelato is good but not like OMGAMAZING.The Olive Mill is a great place to get local last minute gifts, but you're going to pay for it.I haven't tried the Olive Oil 101 classes yet, but they're only $5 and seem fun! The Olive Mill's olive oils are delicious (especially the spicy chile one). Their shirts are over-priced (probably only because I know how much it costs to make a t-shirt), but cute.We absolutely adore Superstition Coffee (inside the Olive Mill), so I'll be writing a separate review on it.Besides being over-priced, we all love the Olive Mill and would recommend it as a place to visit.
4	This place has good food, a nice outdoor area, and great events like wine tasting.  I also love that they use and sell locally grown and made food and other items.  The coffee bar has a great selection of yummy coffee drinks.  Room for improvement:  prices are a bit high, indoor seating is very crowded and just not comfortable.  You feel rushed because there are people milling about waiting like vultures for you to leave, so they can sit.
4	Great food and a lot to see. Great place to take the family on the weekend. However, staff was not very friendly. Other than service... Try their bruschetta!
5	Wow - if you love olives and anything associated with olives this place is for you and cannot be beat.  It really is a lot of fun. And if you don;t care for olives still visit - they have nice wines and other interesting foods/products.  The other 100+ reviews have all the details so I have nothing to add. I will return!
3	interesting nice place with some live music last night....food seemed a little sparse ...employees were all young ...if they had some older experienced folks that could chat with knowledge of wine and food would be good....found it most interesting they would charge their own employees to take the tour...you would think they would want them to know as much as possible ..prices seemed a little high on all goods...the ordering system was strange and I would think not fun if more then a few folks in line...we got lucky but not busy on Friday night at 8pm...should be packed...(if they want)
4	Great atmosphere. Superstition coffee I'd located at this site. They small batch roast their beans on site. So, rich and deep flavor in their espresso roast. The cafe is great, lots of choices. I had the eggs Benedict for breakfast. Good size portion. Lots if feat options for salads and picnic type foods for eating outside in picnic tables, or lay out a blanket and enjoy a real country picnic! The cafe and seating get full, and seating can be scarce!
5	If I ever own another aircraft, I'll probably fly it from Scottsdale Airpark into Williams-Field Airport, hop in a cab and take the short drive down to the Olive Mill.Otherwise, I'll just wait until I'm horny enough that I can be pleasant to my wife for the three hour duration it takes to drive from North Scottsdale and back.Their vermouth soaked, garlic stuffed olives are the shit. So too are their many tapenades. QCOM also has an extensive menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner with their signature sandwich, an Italian with tapenade featured on Food Network's 'The Best Thing I Ever Ate'. It wasn't exactly all that, but it was good.My wife received free passes to tour their facility and take the olive class. Well worth the time and trouble. I know way more about olives than a person should, but that's cool. I'm not sure I'll ever dazzle anyone at a cocktail party with my knowledge of the olive fly and its reproductive habits, but who knows, right?PS. They also feature live music on most weekends.
3	My husband and I recently moved to San Tan Valley and were driving around getting acclimated to the neighborhood when we saw the Olive Mill.  My friends raved about their lunch/dinner selections so we decided to stop in for Sunday brunch.  I won't say the food is bad.  It's very gourmet, but I'm a beer and pizza kind of girl.  My eggs benedict was good... just not my palate.  We liked their olive oil sampling bar and felt that their oils were delicious, as were the olives themselves.  We wanted to try some caprese skewers but ran out of time.  I feel the prices were good for gourmet brunch... but again, it's gourmet food.  It wasn't OMGAMAZING (as another user said) mainly because the flavor profile was just far too complex for my palate.  I almost felt like they were slapping together as much gourmet food as they could into a single menu item just to impress you.  But it didn't impress me.  I'll probably go back to try other things.  I just wasn't impressed on my one day there.  The food trucks that were parked outside are probably more my palate.
5	Very helpful staff.  Very nice facility.  Great products, loved the tour. So much info about olives that I never knew.  Totally would do it again.
5	Love, love, LOVE the Mill! It's a "must-do" destination any time I have guests come in, from out of town. It's definitely a half-day trip to go there (if I just need refills of olive oil and other products, I'm thrilled I can just run down to the Kierland store now), but well worth the mileage, especially if you add in a stop at The Pork Shop, which is just down the road! It's a great way to spend an afternoon, sitting and noshing on the antipasto and cheese board, out in the orchard and relaxing for a couple of hoursAs for the products, I use them all the time at home - bacon olive oil for home fries, basil olive oil on pizza and pasta, and my favorite summer dessert is fresh fruit, with honeyed Greek yogurt and a little Mexican lime olive oil drizzled on top. I never fail to come home with something new whenever I go to the Mill, and I'm never disappointedOf course, it doesn't hurt that Perry and Brenda are Canadian expats like myself, and that Perry's a fellow UWO 'Stang alumnus! But I fell in love with the Mill and the products long before I knew of the Canookian-Connection
4	So glad our friend took us to tour this entertaining and informative place.  The half-hour $5. tour is well worth it.  Tourguide took us into the production area and explained the history of the Olive Mill and how the oil making process works.  The showroom/shop has umpteen flavors of olive oil with exotic flavors like lemon, bacon, pomegranate.  Free samples.  The cafe serves breakfast and lunch, and we loved our food.  (Sandwiches, soup, salad.)  The shop also includes wines, soaps, tapenades, fresh roasted coffee beans, souvenirs, etc etc.  Well worth the trip.
4	I'd give this place 5 but it has one draw back.   I've had the kalamata sandwich it's amazing, and today I had the banana pistachio waffle.   The waffle is awesome, and the wife makes pretty amazing waffles.   Pretty sure there is vanilla flavoring in the waffle and the syrup, but it was nothing short of awesome.   The draw back is the service.   There was one time when the wife was pregnant where we waited an hour for our food.  Now it was packed, but the main issue is I had a pregnant wife, and when we went up to find out what was going on we were told they forgot about our order.   On top of that they ran out of the caprese salad which was my wives fav.   Today when we went for breakfast we had the rudest cashier ever.   She was rushing us through the order.   She would say "now you order, now you". As if there was a huge line, but there was none.    I am from ny so I can handle a little rudeness but it was just odd.    Other than those two experiences the food is always good and we love the little local things they have to sell.   We go all the time so I highly recommend it.
4	Excellent variety of house made olives and olive oils.  Olive oil tasting is a nice touch before having to choose what to buy.  Excellent gift shop.  The only drawback - it's a bit pricey, but worth it.
2	Looking for a fun day in the beautiful weather, a friend and I headed out to Queen Creek Olive Mill for lunch under the trees. After standing in line for 10 minutes (menus should be placed by door by the way, not the cash register), we ordered and were told it would be a 20 minute wait for our sandwiches. We wanted to shop and look around, but they made us take the cupcakes we ordered then, and not delivered with our meal. We headed to the tasting table to try their variety of oils and vinegars. half hour later we got buzzed that our food was ready. They do not provide napkins...you have to trek to the beverage center at the back of the crowded space to get those. Once outside, we were enjoying the weather and our lunch, though both of us finally admitted that our sandwiches were lacking something.Sure enough, the person in charge of condiments must have been on break when our sandwiches went by. Mine was to be a house specialty featuring their Kalamata Olive spread and their White Balsamic crema. It had neither. Later, back in the shop we came across a store rep answering questions. I asked where I could find the fig balsamic I enjoyed at the tasting table. I was informed that they were still in production and it would be a few days. Why, then, I asked, is it on the tasting table?We also let her know about the issue with the sandwiches. She stated she would go tell the chef, or did I want to? I told her it wasn't my job. Both my friend and I awaiting some kind of apology and offer of a refund (for my $17 lunch), or at least a free cupcake/cookie/bottle of oil. Instead, nothing from her. As we walked out of the store, we heard a clerk telling a customer that their store in Kierland Commons was in Old Town. I stopped and corrected this error since these two venues are 20 minutes apart.Next time we crave country and dining under trees, we'll head to the Farm at South Mountain where we know the food is good and customer service reigns supreme.
5	Very good food, the new construction is allowing for a bigger dining room. Learned a lot from our tour and the price is reasonable. Now I know what type of olive oils to buy.:-)
3	I was very excited to eat at this place as I have heard raving reviews from my friends and family. Upon entering the building, you are greeted by a vast display of locally grown, olive-based products. From my short glance at the olive oil selection, they likely had 20+ different types of olive oil, including unique flavors like chocolate olive oil. While some of the flavors may be off-putting to some, you will not have buyer's remorse as you can sample any of the oils prior to purchase. On top of oil, they had a good, affordable wine selection, balsamic vinegars, home-roasted coffee bar, a variety of other local products such as honey, gelato, and a restaurant. The breakfast menu is a typical menu including eggs, omelets, and waffles. The food was not my favorite. The eggs tasted as if they were cooked in sirloin grease. The bacon was lined with a thick layer of pepper which overwhelmed the flavor of the bacon. The vanilla bean waffles were good but not extraordinary.  If I could give the rating a 3.5 I would, as the atmosphere is enjoyable and great for families. On top of that, they have a bocce ball court. All in all, breakfast was decent. If I return it will be for their lunch and dinner.
4	Loved this place!I ordered the Italian Chopped Salad and Red Sangria and both were absolutely delicious.  The sangria may have been the best red sangria I ever had and there was nothing to complain about with the salad.I bought some olive oil cupcakes to take home.  While I wouldn't rave about them, there wasn't anything to really complain about either.  The oiliness of the cupcakes was welcomed by me but overall texture and flavor I wouldn't say was the best ever.I'm looking forward to returning here to try more of their menu items as well as to purchase some of the goods in their store.
5	This store was packed on Saturday! And yet when I asked someone a question, he still took the time to walk me to the product I was looking for and give me some information on the different varieties! Now that is great customer service! I have only previously been to the Kierland Commons location and this was just as good if not better. It is really good size and lots of room between items to look and enjoy. This trip I ended up with Honey from their olive trees and garlic olive oil. We also grabbed some olive oil chapstick at the register. I tried the bacon olive oil and it was yummy! Now I just need to figure out what I would do with it and get some. I will be back to try the restaurant soon, just to busy on Saturday! They do have a rewards card so don't forget to sign up. My daughter got $5 off her order just for signing up last time.
4	If you enjoy cooking then you will enjoy the Olive Mill.  This is also a great place to buy gifts for that chef in your life.  They have a number of infused oils (e.g. blood orange, chocolate, vanilla, bacon) along with some tapenades and other sorts of relishes.  I also appreciate the fact that they have recipe cards all around the shop which, of course, call for some of their infused oils.  It's a fun place to walk around and just browse on a weekend.  If it's not too hot outside you'll also enjoy walking around amongst the olive trees and looking at their extensive herb garden.
4	Great atmosphere. Loved sitting outside.  The food and oils were delicious.  I was not that impressed with my sandwich...it was turkey with brie, apple, and chutney...thought it was a little bland and that cheese and apple slices should have been thicker.  I think this was more about my taste than the quality of food...it was all good quality and loved everything else i sampled off of my friend's plates.  Will definitely be going again when I visit Arizona.
5	QCOM is high on my list of Absolute Arizona: places the must be experienced to appreciate the greatness of our state. The olive mill is part of our group pilgrimage to the East Valley, sandwiched between picking peaches a Schnepf Farms and going to the Pork Shop. For $5, you can take a "tour" which is really informative and you get to understand the process of cold pressing. The food here has been consistently good on every visit. And they have bacon flavored olive oil! But when you're with great friends enjoying wonderful weather and live music (it's not always so good), how can you not just love this place?
4	Had a great time last Sunday at the Queen Creek Olive Mill.  At first, wasn't really sure what to expect considering I had barely heard anything about the place.  But I thought I would give a shot.  The drive is a little far, even for me who lives in Ahwatukee.  Yet once you get there, you soon realize it's worth the road.  Was happy to see to see you could purchase beer (or wine) along with your lunch meal.  Although, it would have been nice if they had a slightly larger selection of beer (only 4).  The craft brews they did have on tap however were great.  I ordered the BLT which was awesome and plentiful.  All the other food on the menu looked really tasty as well.  Going on the olive mill tour was quaint and fun.  We mostly sat in a olive production (cant remember the exact name of it) room where we learned the history of the mill and then got to sample a couple oils with their own olive bread.  Overall, great spot for a weekend afternoon to come and relax with good food and a wide variety of great olive oils.  The bacon oil tasted fantastic!
3	In all honesty this is the WORST set up for a business and restaurant I have ever seen. The ailses of products are smack dab in the middle, in between trying to order food on one side. People are stopped EVERYWHERE and it is hard to order food let alone trying to pick it up. They should have segragated the olive bar and aisles away from the food. It is a cluster you know what....But however, the food is phenomenal and some of the BEST sandwich bread I have ever tasted in my life. The portabella mushroom sandwich is on out of this world focaccia bread. I think I would come here again, but maybe not on a weekend.
3	Brought my girl friend for a nice happy hour, girls day. Been here before and love the food. Have to accept the business plan for what it is if you're coming for drinks and have to go to the counter each time you want another drink, not my favorite plan!! We ordered bruschetta (excellent) and cheese board...very large cheeseboard with 4 small pieces of bread...went to the counter to ask for more bread...yes, you can order more at the register!!! For money??? Yes!!! They acted like I was pan handling!! Oh hell no!! We will each order 3 glasses of wine, but I will not order more bread for my cheese plate!! I will just go pull the free samples of bread from under their domes!! Upscale food with a low income attitude!! So torn!!
3	Stopped in to get some coffee at Superstition Coffee today (inside the Olive Mill), and decided to get some breakfast, too. Got a side of eggs (nice size, decent price) and a side of fruit. The fruit was $2.50 and was ridiculously small. It was a few small slices of pineapple, and didn't even fill up half of a small saucer. Took 15 minutes for the food to be ready, even though it wasn't busy inside. Blah.
2	Not a big fan. Staff is not very friendly, food is mediocre, waayyyyy too high priced, even for little things, the only thing that place has going for them is Superstition Coffee located inside the mill.
4	We love the Sangria at the Olive Mill...and the happy hour sangria at $10 a carafe is a bargain!  The Cheese plate is sooo good but I do wish it came with more bread or crackers.  The biggest issue I see is the set-up.  It is kind of a pain to stand in line to order your second carafe of Sangria.  I wish they had a separate line for drinks instead you must wait with everyone that is ordering food.  It will be a place to take friends from out of town to sit outside and enjoy the music on Friday nights.
1	Horrible! My husband and I went there for an early Mother's Day breakfast and I ordered the frittata and he ordered the angry pig with the bloody Caesar.  My sandwich contained "eggs" and cheese, had to pay an additional 1.50 for two slices of tomatoes, I'm  pretty sure the eggs that where on the sandwich where not real, it had no taste what so ever. My husbands omelette had chili pepper sausage and bacon in it with a side of two very small smashed potatoes and a side of toast. He said that the omelette had no taste and he didn't think it had any bacon in it. The Bloody Caesar is their take on a Bloody Mary and it tasted like water down Clemente juice. This is one place I will never recommend to anyone I know, it took over 30 minutes to get our food and they were not even that busy.
2	Very disappointed with our Mother's Day experience at Queen Creek Olive Mill in Queen Creek.  The alcoholic beverages were overpriced at $6.49 each ($7.05 after tax) for the ounces received.  We ordered a Peach Bellini, Almond Mimosa, and Bloody Caesar (was there even any alcohol in this watery blood mary mix?).  My sister ordered the Lucca sandwich and the croissant it was served on was so dry it crumbled and was not edible.  Perhaps the Olive Mill is using day old bread???  I recommend saving yourself the hour drive (from Phoenix) and finding another more reasonable outdoor venue to enjoy.  Also the outdoor olive grounds are not very lush, full of dirt, and on a windy day like Mother's Day 2014 be prepared to crunch a few grits of blowing dirt.
5	Interesting & informative tour. We enjoyed it, as well as the various flavor samples of specialty olive oils and other goodies! The atmosphere is pleasant & everything we tried was delicious!! Enjoy a glass of sangria (or share a carafe)
5	Love this place. Stopped by on Mothers Day and it was crazy crowded but the brunch looked fantastic. I will be back! The olives and olive oil are delicious.
4	Queen Creek Olive Mill has delicious sandwiches, gelato, and of course, olive and balsamic vinegar products. I wouldn't come here for breakfast because it's pretty standard fare, but the sandwiches are great. It's a little bit pricey, but it's a nice experience.
5	This probably the fourth time I have been here and it keeps getting more yummy! I love all the samples. The tour is very educational and fun as well. My favorite is the klamata sandwich, it is superb!
4	We went to Queen Creek Olive Mill this past Monday (memorial day) for a day outing to check it out.  I loved the atmosphere with the barbecue, the live music and the picnic tables scattered all around.  It reminded me a lot of this great vineyard, V. sattui in Napa.  We just stayed long enough for the Tour.  It's $5 a person for a 30 minute tour, and the first half was pretty informative.  You learn a lot about the history of the place, how extra virgin olive oil is made, and you get to look at some different olive trees.  I think it would be more interesting in November-January when they are actually pressing olives because you can watch the production line in real time.  The tour ends in the pressing room, and from there things escalated to become a giant infomercial about the miracles of olive oil.  Our tour guide was very nice, and I definitely believed her when she said that olive oil is great for skin and hair, and is heart-healthy.  But then she went as far to say that olive oil has been proven to cure colon cancer, breast cancer, improve memory loss, and even heals bee stings, a fact that she swears to witnessing herself.  Then she told this story where a physician came up to her at the end of a session after she said all these things and said "Sandy, all of the things you have said is 100% true."  As a physician myself I find it so gimmicky that someone would spin facts like that.  The rest of the store was pretty interesting, you can taste all of their olive oils, balsamic vinegars, and there barbecue sauces, which are pretty tasty.  This site is definitely worth a drive out for the day (esp if you hit up Schnepf Farms as well) -- but I would skip the tour and go straight for the food!
5	The food here is really good,  my favorite is the kalamata sandwich.  Its worth the drive if you do not live in the area,  if you live in the area,  I'm sure you already know about it!  :) Between the indoor and outdoor seating there is plenty of room. Versatile enough for a family lunch with kids or date night with two people,  My mom and I have been here for mother/daughter time too.  They have wine tastings and music different days as well as tours.  You have to check it out.
5	There food is delicious and they have a fine selection of gelato. The inclusion of the coffee bar is a nice touch. The spring and fall seem like the best times to go given the beautiful AZ weather. Give this a place a try!
3	We've been to the Olive Mill once & had a pretty good experience. We didn't have high expectations as we hadn't heard many things about it but we decided to check it out for ourselves. First of, it is really far; the drive is long & boring as it's out in the middle of no where. When we got there, we came to find that there's not much to see & the time frame for the tours had already ended for the day since they're held earlier.However, we still had a good time that evening. From the eatery, we ordered a pizza & a sandwich, which were both really tasty. Worth mentioning was the Lucca sandwich, which was really unique; I tend to get turkey sandwiches at a lot of places but this one was slightly sweet with the sliced apples & really well balanced with the brie cheese and fig tapenade. I'd definitely get it again! While we were eating our meal & enjoying some gelato, there was a band playing live music. The musician was really good/entertaining that it made it a worthwhile, different experience.I think it would be fun to go back during the time which there are olive mill tours or other events. We have plans of going back once the weather is cooler!
4	Being first time visitors here, we weren't sure what to expect.  We stopped by the Olive Mill in Queen Creek yesterday for lunch and were pleasantly surprised!   A large boutique filled with items and foods from local companies and artists.   Dishware, nut butters, chocolates, wines and of course olive oils and vinegars are on display to purchase.   Try sampling their Bacon olive oil, chocolate olive oil and  strawberry balsamic vinegar! ) Lunch and dinner menus,  gelato bar, speciality coffee bar, beers on tap and a dessert counter show their variety of foods they offer.  We were pleased with  our bruschetta bread choices.  Chardonnay Herb Mascarpone, green apple,  Melted Gorgonzola, Genoa salami with Extra Virgin Olive Oil  and the  Burnt mozzarella, Pesto.  The Mascarone was overloaded but the gorgonzola was perfect for me!  The florentine and bacon salad had a wonderful dressing  but a tad to much d for the spinach at the bottom went a a bit limp before I could enjoy it.  The salad  did have a very generous helping of bacon and crisp grapes  that gave it  texture to save it!  Nice roasted garlic on top as well.  The Olive Mill also has a skin care line that is made right on the premises.  I look forward to trying some of those items as well as their soups and other next time I visit!
5	Great place to come for I unique cuisine & atmosphere. Great events on weekends. Entertainment varies depending on the night.
1	No impressed whatsoever. Went on Mother's Day. Paid $7 for some flavored champagne. Food was overpriced. Should have stayed close to home instead of driving 45+ minutes away for this "experience."
2	Employees seem to outnumber patrons by 4 to one but "service" is still grumpy and slow.    Food is OK but nothing worth returning for.  Three stars are extremely generous when you consider the overly expensive prices.  The property and setup is very nice, this place has a lot of potential but currently they are not making it work.
4	This restaurant and store are worth the trip from other far flung parts of the valley. We came here with friends on a trip to visit Queen Creek. It seems everything served here is locally sourced, which is wonderful. I'm not even a huge fan of olives, but they have an enormous selection of oils, tapenades, and more from the store. (Their chocolate infused olive oil is an incredible flavor that you should try.)The restaurant serves sandwiches, soups, small appetizers, gelato, and pizza. We ate quite well and shared many different plates. Everything was good.I don't know that I'd drive an hour on a regular occasion to enjoy the food or buy from their store, but if ever I am back in the area, I'll probably make it a point to swing by again.
2	This place used to be awesome. Food portions have gotten smaller and the menu items continue to become more and more expensive. Unfortunately I eat here less an less, more for convenience. Two stars only because they have improved their eggs Benedict and have increased dining room seating.
4	One word that describes this experience would have to be enjoyable. The mill is set up on acres of land filled with olive trees. They offer tours, such as Olive Oil 101, seven days a week, for only five dollars. Throughout the tour you learn a lot of the culture and how olive oil is made. It takes a total of thirty minutes to complete the presentation and you can wander through the whole grounds. They offer other activities such as oil tasting, shopping in the marketplace and even a delicious Mediterranean eatery on site.Upon walking into the structure there is a quaint marketplace filled with different types of olive oils, like bacon flavored. Besides olive oils they also offer many foods including: vinegars, tapenades and stuffed olives. Interesting enough they also sell oil based spa products which are supposed to help the skin. The shop has a rustic charm. The best part of my experience, however, happened in the rear of the building where the bistro is located.The food was delicious, however the options were limited. You can pick from a few choices of sandwiches, salads or paninis. They also only offer two kinds of soup depending what day you go. The food was decent, it's like you were actually eating in an authentic Italian delicatessen. Overall the Oil Company was appealing and a unique experience. It is a nice local excursion where you could spend a couple of hours.
5	I absolutely love the Olive Mill...what's not to love? It's the perfect place to go if you're in the area and aren't sure what you want to do.  They have tours, which I've heard are great.  They have a wonderful gift shop with so many treats that you're sure to find something for everyone on your list...yes, even the dog! There's wine, coffee, beer, and food (Oh, the food! I'll save that for a review of the eatery). They even have live music on the weekends and special events on holidays.  It's definitely worth a trip out.  Who woulda thought?
4	We drive out to Queen Creek Olive Mill Saturday, August 30, 2014 for their website advertised "Wine tasting" only to find out it was cancelled for a family emergency, I was given misinformation which I posted previously and had a fantastic message from The Olive Mill that explained the true situation and I have since removed my angry post. Thank you for responding with such a gracious reply.
3	First time to way here and wasn't really impressed. The menu is very confusing and their daily specials are not in a viewable location. They will substitute items but there is usually an additional charge for changes. The inside seating area is very small and people can clearly see others standing and yet they sit and visit while people stand around waiting for tables.The outside eating area is okay but the flies are really bothersome more so than normally being outside. They do have a huge air conditioner that adds to the outside.The food was nothing special at least not for the cost. The portions were very small and food was not very hot. Of course everything is covered on olive oil. I understand this is an olive mill but not everything needs to be soaked in olive oil. For our large group of 6 adults it was very spendy for the amount of food we got. Not too sure that I will be back to this place at least not to eat.
2	Went for the "garlic festival".  Love this place but where was the garlic festival?  They were selling some garlic but that was it.  Very disappointing. I will continue to buy their oils and spreads but won't bother to attend anymore "festivals".
3	Well, I can't say anything negative about the food here, it was pretty good.  Today, we drove an hour from Cave Creek to attend what was advertised to be a two-day garlic festival with garlic tastings, wine tasting, olive and garlic food sampling.  When we arrived around 2pm, we were extremely disappointed to find that all the garlic was sold out and tastings were of their jarred goods via little wooden spoons.  This was not even close to being a "festival", but was clearly a brilliant marketing campaign designed to drive a ton of people into their shop to spur sales.  IT WORKED!!!  PS...there's no garlic left for tomorrow's event so just go up the street to Schnepf's where their garlic is a quarter the price!!!
3	Although this was really cool and unique, they really need to work on a few things. The tour guide was awful. She really didn't know much and kept talking about how new she was. The food place was very cool, but the service at the counter was S L O W.  If they could fix those two things, I'd give the place 5 stars. Lots of taste testing including some really unique olive oils.  Definitely plan to have lunch there, but be patient.
5	Great foodie lunch, kids loved the waffles.  Live music and lots of room for the kids to run around.
5	This place was amazing. From the fresh food, great market and beautiful landscapes I fell in love with it. It is a far drive but it was worth the drive! I had a yummy sweet potato  soup and chicken salad sandwich. Everything was so fresh. They also has a great coffee shop where I enjoyed a yummy latte. I bought multiple olive oils and dips and they are great.
5	I really enjoyed the pizza and the menu. Great all around restaurant, music and food.
4	Nice place! Bought an olive loaf and went around trying the different oils and spreads. Yum! I also bought a hilarious shirt. They were having a festival today and a bunch of food trucks, but we arrived towards the end so I didn't bother checking them out. Friendly staff, pretty busy.
5	This place is one of a kind! If you are a visitor or a local it's totally worth your time! Early afternoon there are samples placed with in the food section of the store. It's a good way to see if you like before buying! I have shipped olives to PA, they were kind enough to box them and ship for a small fee. They also guarantee items not to be broken and if so they replace! Tried the coffee shop while inside also, great service and really good lattes!
5	Brought my bf here as he is an olive freak!  Lol.  Great place to hang out, relax and have a bite to eat.   We took the tour which was fun and informative. (Thanks, Bonnie!). After we decide to grab a bite to eat.   Loved the prickly cactus lemonade.  Definitely recommend stopping by if you are in the area.
5	This is such an awesome place! Four peak beers, great food, wine, coffee, shopping. Me and my husband come here on the weekend to watch football. The lawn is great this time of year as well. If you are in Queen Creek, you need to stop by.
2	We went to this place on Saturday to get some lunch during a girls day out.  The Menu was fine, prices were average- right around $10-$15 a meal. When we were there is was not very busy at all. Maybe 1/2 of the tables inside and out were occupied and it still took over 30 Minutes to get our food after ordering.( Two Salads and two sandwiches.) The quinoa Salad was disappointing, It had maybe 2 tablespoons of quinoa on it. The green beans that were on the salad were doused in dressing- Which was bad for someone who does not eat dressing and ordered the salad without.  I had ordered the Manzi sandwich. It was okay, the chicken was a little overcooked and leathery and the focaccia bread it was on was soaked in olive oil.    I get that this is an olive mill and olive oil is their thing, but the bread on a sandwich shouldn't drip olive oil when you try to bite into it. I ended up scrapping most of the bread and just eating the chicken and fontina. I was really excited since I hadn't been here before, so I bought a bunch of things to bring home to try. An assortment of candies, cupcakes, stuffed mushrooms and dates, peppered beef sticks, and a date bar.  The girl at the register was nice, but she packaged sweet and savory things in the same (oversized) plastic container, so by the time I got home ( an hour drive later) everything tasted like the peppered beef sticks, and it all had rolled around in the container so the presentation was ruined.I was most looking forward to the cupcakes. I am a bit of a cupcake snob, and am usually an avid baker but have no kitchen currently due to being in the middle of a remodel.  The cupcakes were terrible.  The Lime, Lemon, and Blood orange cake all tasted the same. Mostly bland and very artificial, the chocolate cake had no taste and was dry. The frosting on all of the cupcakes was atrocious.  Overly dense and sweet. It tasted like a powdered sugar brick with fake flavorings added.   The Frosting for the Meyer Lemon cupcake had a faint taste of scaled cream as well which was a little odd. All in all the idea of this place is cute. I will probably go back if I am in the area, but will stick to having a glass of wine on the patio in lieu of eating their food. Also the pricing for their olive oils and wine seemed very fair, so those things would be worth checking out as well.
5	I have been going to the Olive Mill for about 4 years now and they just keep expanding and adding more lovely things. All their food is delicious. Do not leave without trying the Kalamata Sandwich or an olive oil cupcake. I'm partial to the lime myself. At the coffee shop, order a granita-they are superb. They also roast the coffee there, so buy some if you get a chance. All of their olive oils and vinegars are great, I cook with them all the time. This place is perfect to take big groups or friends, buy gifts, or hang out at one of their many events.
4	This was pretty interesting to visit. I came with my husband while we were visiting his mom for thanksgiving. We took the tour which was ok. It did feel a little sales heavy and the tour guide didn't seem to have intimate knowledge of olives. I love their shop. They had a lot of interesting and unique items. I bought their lavender body oil which was created by the owner's daughter. It is a great oil! I would definitely recommend that as gifts. Next time I would be interested in eating at their cafe and their desserts.
5	Let's get straight to it shall we? Lunch, live music, olive oil tasting, browsing & shopping for locally made natural (olive oil) goods all in one!!!Kalamata sandwich & Kale Quinoa salad - Check!Sangria - Check!Sampling olive oils - even a Chocolate Olive Oil - Check!Custom Olive Oil Duo Gift Box for Xmas Gifts - Check!Olive Oil Chapstick & lotions in the beauty section - Check!Olive Oil Cup Cakes - Check! Lovely warm & inviting vibe throughout the olive mill and so much more to offer outside of what I described! Ordered more olive oil gift boxes for family online too.... Keep on keepin' on Queen Creek Olive Mill!!!
5	I really had been looking forward to this visit! All the way from San Diego to this beautiful place. It didn't disappoint - from shopping to the food it was awesome! My son said best lemonade he ever had. We enjoyed a lovely lunch. Olive oil cake with lime was divine. Italian sandwich delicious. Hot potato chips fresh with reasonably priced kids meal. The tour was super interesting and we learned a lot! All products we bought were devoured and loved by lucky recipients. My coffee mug from Superstition wasn't wrapped well by cashier and didn't make it in one piece. .I'm sad....some staff were super friendly. Young staff seemed a little immature and inexperienced. But it was a day to remember!
1	I can't understand why anyone likes this place when there are so many better choices around town. I've tried twice always to be disappointed.  The sandwiches are drenched in oil. The desserts are discusting. They are dry and have no flavor. They're not even sweet. Their coffee just plain sucks. The market is pretty good and I love the different spreads but that's their only redeeming quality.
5	Definitely worth the trip from Mesa AZ.  The tour of the Olive Processing Area was worth it.  This is something to see at Queen Creek.  Yes, I did purchase Extra Virgin Olive Oil from here.
4	A true gem! As my parents have recently moved to the area, there is a lot of discovery to be done, and I'm so happy to have driven by the Olive Mill and decided to stop in for lunch. In an area overwhelmed with sub-par chain restaurants, the Olive Mill was a welcomed find. Surrounded by lovely open space, olive trees you can forget all the strip malls and really get lost in some local products and crafts, as well as the lovely cafe. Inside, there is a wealth of locally produced treats from jams and chutneys, as well as a fantastic selection of wines, and of course, their signature olive oil and specialty vinegars. Lunch was very tasty indeed, though I think the bread on the panini was a bit thick for my liking! The real treat was enjoying my lunch out in the sunshine, there was ample seating, and surprisingly, a live singer and saxophonist providing some afternoon entertainment. It seems like the seating area is strung with lights as well, so imagine is would be a lovely place for an evening meal too!
