2	I live around the corner from this place so I had high hopes.First, i'll say that this place looks very nice inside.  They keep it very clean and the staff seems friendly.  Both times i've been here, I saw the owners come out and ask everyone how their food was (the reason I give this place two stars instead of one).As for the food, most of it was horrible each time.  I got chicken marsala and the wine they used in the sauce was so bitter that I couldn't finish it.  Chicken marsala is one of my favorite dishes and i've had it many times, and I can honestly say this was the worst chicken marsala i've ever had.  The pizza was OK.   I'd rather go to pizza hut if I wanted pizza.  The chicken wings and wedding soup was average.Overall I just feel that since this place is new, they just need to work on their recipes and they could easily become a 4-5 star restaurant.   I'll give this place a chance every 3 months or so to see how they've improved, but too many bad experiences and i'll stop wasting my time.
4	I regularly get delivery from this place and even though it is my only independent pizza delivery option, I am never disappointed with the pizza.  I would give this place 5 stars if only it didn't take an hour or more to get my order.  Still, the staff is friendly and they have never gotten my order wrong.  The salads are fantastic and the large portions are good value - you can share with at least 3 people.  Their greek and italian dressings are home made and fantastic.  I love the New York style pizza, and even though it is more expensive than if I went with Pizza Hut or Dominos, it is so much better.
3	Terrific neighborhood pizzaria. New York style pizza, extended Italian menu for guests who want something else. Selection of desserts including authentic Italian water ice sold by the pint or quart.
2	Let me start by saying that we live very close to this restaurant, and after giving it MANY chances, have finally decided to go out of our way and drive to Ciao Ciao's or Buca Di Beppo for great pizza/food. It shocks me that in this type of economy, a restaurant like this would argue with customers and opt for the "take-it-or-leave-it" attitude. I mean, they are all friendly and hospitable when you are eating and paying for their mediocre bordering on substandard food, but the minute you decide to speak up about your food they are a completely different establishment! That is NO way of doing business and sadly most neighbors around here just choose to eat the "OK" menu offerings because it's a convenient stop.I gave 2 stars because it is clean and appealing until the food comes.
4	I had the Stromboli and it was very good. It took them awhile to cook it, but it was worth the wait.
3	I don't like the pizza, pasta, or stromboli here one bit (after multiple attempts).  You can do way better elsewhere (try Rocco's just across the 215) for actual food that is Mark Rich's namesake.But the tuna melt and french fries here are absolutely fantastic.  I think they use provolone cheese and it makes for a great sandwich, if a little greasy.  The Greek-style pita and mozzarella sticks are pretty decent as well.  Otherwise, this place has a nice, family-run, slightly upscale feel to it (e.g. it's more of a sitdown restaurant than a fast-food place).  Service is friendly and prompt enough.  Too bad about the pizza, but if you are craving a tuna melt, Mark Rich has got you covered.
1	The quality on this place has really dropped.  I got a takeout broccoli topping pizza that had one floret and the rest was broccoli stalk.  It was absolutely disgusting and I had to pick them all off.  I thought it was bad enough that it took 5 minutes on the phone for them to take your order.  But when you start sending out pizzas with inedible toppings, that is when you lose my business.  I ended up trying another pizza place down the street from them that ended up being better and slightly cheaper.  Why did I waste my time with Mark Rich's for so long?
5	I've only had the pizza at this place and it's excellent. This is a New York style place. It's comfy to eat inside with the option to eat outside. This is a good spot to have dinner after a hike at Red Rock. Also, don't forget the Black and White Cookie. It's packaged and pre-made, but it has a good dense cake with a nice cold frosting. I've held group dinners here and the owner has always been very accommodating. Also, the service is outstanding and very personable.
4	This restaurant is excellent. It isn't far from home. It has the New York style and it is mine and my hubby's favorite spot. The food is great and the staff superb!
1	It was a busy day at the office preparing for trial when the boss decided to buy pizza for everyone. YAY! Nothing like ordering pizza to keep up everyone's spirits. It might usually take a while to get everyone together in the office, but not when pizza is involved. We all raced to the pizza as soon as it arrived, lovingly placed on a table by our office manager. But, something was missing. WHERE ARE THE GARLIC KNOTS?My favorite part of eating pizza is enjoying the garlic knots--a love discovered in NYC, made permanent by a bag of knots small enough to be eaten like popcorn on a long subway ride through Manhattan. Delicious, buttery wads of dough covered in minced garlic? YES, PLEASE! Dipped in marinara! Dipped in garlic sauce! On their own! They are just delicious! But, to my disappointment, they were absent.I was put in charge of calling Mark Rich's to inform them of the terrible news. The man who answered seemed to already be aware of the mistake and asked if I wanted the delivery person to run them back to the office. Well, yes, sir, that is why I called. He told us the knots would be delivered right away (we already paid for them anyways.)As I slowly ate my pizza, trying to save space for knots, the phone rang. Someone from the pizza place called back and offered to give us a credit for the knots. How kind! ...Wait. Are the knots still on their way? No? Oh.Is this a refund?A credit for a future order.Oh.I don't enjoy ordering knots, not getting them, being promised knots, and being told I can have them later. Why would we order from them again if they didn't get our first order right? It's one thing if you get compensation for a mistake, but this wasn't the case. I almost gave them two stars because the pizza was pretty good, but poor service drives me up the wall. I understand that mistakes do happen, but to make a promise and renege due to laziness or any other reason is inexcusable.
2	I saw Mark Rich's Groupon promo in my inbox one morning and decided to give it a go--bad choice. The service was straight up horrendous. We ordered a Caesar salad which was tasty, but then waited for 30 more minutes on a spinach calzone. 30 minutes for a single spinach calzone. You gotta love open kitchens, because it was wonderful watching the cooks giggle and flirt with each other, slowly assembling meals for the handful of tables and take out orders they had. All the while, the manager casually enjoyed his red wine, slowly sipping the night away. Seriously, it felt like an episode of Kitchen Nightmares. Get off your bar stool and manage!!The apathetic waitress walked passed our table several times, ignoring our empty beer mugs and discontented faces until I shouted out twice to ask how much longer we'd have to wait. The single calzone arrived and tasted good. But I don't like to wait around and be ignored all night for just good.And wouldn't you know it? That waitress got so smiley and attentive as soon as the check came. You would have thought she was in the running for Miss America.
3	Good if you want an average pizza and hot/cold italian dishes. I ordered an italian sub. It tasted great...but i got a pile of broken chips with it. I love chips so i was bummed to see a pile of crumbs. I barely ate it :'(  overall it was good but not amazing.
4	I'd give Mark Rich's 3.5 stars if Yelp would let me.  It's a good little neighborhood Italian restaurant with decent food, decent service & decent prices.  Especially with a Restaurant.com coupon.  Very relaxed atmosphere - me, my guy and 2 of my daughters enjoyed salad, garlic knots with marinara, pizza and eggplant for approximately $30.  When you want Italian, don't feel like cooking or getting dressed up, Mark Rich's is a fine alternative.
3	I normally come to Mark Rich's for their pizza, which is very good, but decided to try their Baked Ziti with garlic bread. Nothing to rave about. Marginal at best as compared to the baked ziti you can get at Sbarros. The garlic bread lacked flavor and just tasted like toasted bread. I better stick with the pizza .
3	I have been coming here for over a year.  It's not the greatest pizza but it is very good for a I don't feel like cooking let's get pizza
4	I was looking for pizza joint where the pizza was thin for carbs but not soggy with oil. I do want to see 35, even still I have a fetish for pizza. PLus I am very picky!On a last minute search we found Mark Rich through restaurant.com. I am usually not moved to give more than three stars or rate at all. We got a half garlic-tomato half supreme type pizza. I didn't think they would because it was two different sauces but it was perfect!I was impressed by the fact that the: food was good (5 stars). Service kept our drinks full (4 stars) .....more important waiter noticed my Military id card and offered a percentage off!! (except I had a better discount) On the downside I was trying to give them money, I thought I had to throw it at them. They didn't seem like they care for it, umm, I guess that is a positive TOO!
4	I've been to this location twice in the last three months.  Both times have been very good.  The quality of the food is excellent and the service is good too.  I will definitely keep on returning to this establishment.  The prices are reasonable too.
4	Good pizza but price is high!
1	While the pizza is decent, the service is not so good. Being told it would be 45 minutes for a pick up order is fine. However, after showing up at about 40 minutes and paying then being told it would still be a few minutes and nothing even 15 minutes later, patience is over. Then after asking how much longer and come to find out our pizza has been sitting on top of the oven since walking in, is just NOT right!! Then after pointing out that we have been waiting an extra 15 minutes for no reason, there was no apology, just " sorry I didn't see it". Totally unexceptable! Will never go back. There are plenty of other choices in the area. Not worth my time as clearly they could care less about my time and their mistake!!
3	After doing a hiking meetup, we all came here for a pizza and some drinks. My hiking partner hesitated about staying for pizza, as he was gluten-free. However, after looking at the menu and asking the server, we discovered that they do in fact have gluten-free pizza. Yay!I think there were about 15 of us, so it took awhile for everyone's food to come out. When our gluten-free pizza came, we dug right in. We were really hungry! Our pizza came with four toppings - garlic, mushrooms, chicken, and something else which I forgot. :) It was pretty good! My hiking partner encountered a green pepper on one of the slices though (not one of our toppings). The person next to us had a calzone and it was huge!Overall I would say this place has A-OK gluten-free pizza. The wait for food can be a bit long though, particularly for a large party.
1	Called in for a pickup order and was told it would be 30 minutes. When we got there we waited another 20 minutes for our order. I saw the pizza and fries sitting on top of the oven and I knew we were waiting for the Calzone. When we got home the fries were warm and soggy and the cheese on the pizza had started to harden. The Calzone was flat and under cooked. This is the 3rd and final time I go here, it is the same issue each time. Service is terrible and there are about 10 people working also. The manager//owner?? just sits and does nothing and the girl at the register is just over whelmed. It is too bad because it is so close to the house but I will drive the few extra miles to go to Rocco's which is better and the service is quick and excellent.You can tell they don't care here and it shows.
2	Ordering slices to go is such a hit and miss expience. Sometimes it is well prepared and fresh...other times they like to give you 5 hour old pizza that has been re-cheesed!  Zero consistency. Same with their sandwiches. Once I had a fantastic meatball sub, filled with generous amounts of sauce and cheese. Another time the sandwhich had way too little sauce and the bread wasn't cooked at all.If you want to experience the original NY Pizza and Pasta, try the location at Jones and Sahara.  Their food is way better.
4	I've been here twice now.  Last week, I ordered a supreme pizza which I thought was great! Last night, I ordered mild chicken fingers and fries which I hate to admit were awful. Their ranch is disgusting. The chicken fingers were plain and had no taste. At least the fries were good. My friend ordered a cheese & grilled chicken calzone which was huge and impossible to finish in one sitting. lol But he said it was good and liked it. We both agreed the antipasto salad was FANTASTIC and would definitely order that again. Their homemade Italian dressing is really great.The service is good; nothing overly amazing but they definitely have nice people working here who seem to enjoy their jobs. I will absolutely return and would recommend this place to a friend.
2	Food: Delicious, with generous portionsService: DeplorableFirst, the good: I had chicken marsala, which came with two full chicken breasts cooked to perfection and a massive pile of pasta. Put a fancy presentation on this dish and I would expect I was eating at an expensive gourmet restaurant. One friend got a large antipasto salad which... well, large doesn't even begin to cover it. This salad was big enough to choke a hippo. The pizzas also looked very tasty, and got great review from everybody at the table. Honestly, the food itself deserves a higher rating, but the service was bad enough to drag this all the way down.Now on to the bad. Most of our time there, the entire staff was too busy watching the football game to be bothered paying attention to the customers. Personally, I had to ask for water multiple times and had to get a set of utensils from a friend, as the server forgot to bring a set after I asked (shouldn't they have been provided without asking?) Oh and the real icing on the cake: I asked to get a box for my food, so the server was kind enough to go box it up herself. And then forget about it. I actually had to ask for my food back several minutes later as we were getting ready to leave.I'm going to have to mark this place off as a "Do Not Return".
3	Average.
2	I was really disappointed. I've only been here once and the pizza was soggy which is awful by any standards, let alone for "New York" pizza. The two stars is for the waitress who was really nice and all the decorations inside.
4	We ordered a NY thin crust pizza with meatballs, sausage and mushrooms.  It was excellent, with rich savory tomato sauce, the cheese heavy and gooey as we pulled it apart, the meatballs and sausage dripping with flavor.  Overall, a good thin crust pizza, service was decent, and the place was clean.
2	I've dined at this location numerous times over the past year.  Tonight was by far the worst.  I ordered the dinner special -- Pasta Primavera.  This was angel hair pasta with "fresh" veggies, olive oil and parmesan.  It came with garlic bread and a side salad.  The salad was simply iceberg lettuce with several slices of tomato and a lot of slices of red onion.  The entree was overcooked angel hair pasta, frozen peas, they claim fresh carrots, broccoli and mushrooms, but I don't believe it.  They didn't taste fresh and the mushrooms were slimy.  The overall dish had no flavor.  It came with garlic bread that also didn't have any flavor.  Now for the positives.  The pizza we ordered was very good.  The wait staff was polite and reasonably on top of things.  I would have preferred if the management had taken my entree of the ticket, but they didn't and I did't feel like arguing so I'm glad I had a restaurant.com gift certificate to offset my entree.  I would stick to pizza, calzone and stromboli and avoid the pasta dishes and the salads.
1	The best thing about our visit was our waitress. She was attentive and apologetic that the pizza was terrible. It was undercooked, the crust was soggy and the toppings were sparse. Too bad. It was the first time we have been out in the evening in 4 months.What a disappointment!  We won't be returning.
2	We went here last night with the kids and as much as I wanted to love it, I'm not sure I'd go back! I love local neighborhood eateries, but not this one!The service is amazingly awful, there were maybe 3 other tables of people while we were there and our server forgot our drinks and didn't get two of our four orders, we had to tell her them a second time! The guy who refilled the water was very kind and very good at his task.  Drinks only.  We asked him a food question and he said, " you'll have to ask your server, I'm sorry". Ok. Prices are on the higher side for what you get.  My husband ordered a side salad which was a small bowl of iceberg lettuce with a slice of tomato and some red onion slices tossed on top. $4. We ordered wings which were sauceless and dry - at least they came with decent fries - $12.  The kids each ordered pasta -- one had spaghetti and meatballs and the other had fettucini alfredo (no chicken) and each bowl was $5.99 with an extra $1.75 per meatball on the spaghetti and $1.00 for alfredo sauce!!  We weren't told of this and it wasn't very delicious, to say the least!The owners were sitting there eating, like it was the end of a long day.  Carried out food from the back kitchen and sat down to eat.  Kinda felt like I was at Mel's Diner. :pI didn't try their pizza, but maybe I should've.  However, I won't be going back, so that won't happen. Its too bad, but like another reviewer said, I'd drive the extra mile or two to Rocco's pizza -- their food is great and their service is ten times better!!
5	There seems to be an abundance of good pizza in Las Vegas, but Mark Rich's pizza comes with a flavor and personality that makes it seem home-made.  Maybe it's the family atmosphere of the restaurant, or the savory flavors packed into the stromboli.... or perhaps it is just the fresh ingredients that they put on the plate... whatever their secret, the food is good and reasonably priced and this spot is well worth the visit.
4	Mark Rich's NY Pizza IMHO is rated way too low. I know, haters are going to hate no matter what, but dang people if you're going to hate make it for the right reasons. My wife, 2 year old and I checked this place out last night and I was pleasantly surprised. Ok, being a pizza snob it's not Settebello. But sometimes you want a pizza without fuss that you can customize and with a thin crust. And that's what I got, a pizza with a reasonably thin, hand tossed crust. I watched the guy toss it and he's good at it. And when you add fresh veggies and tomatoes and more it's not going to be as dry as a cracker, it's going to be kind of wet. (Notice I said wet, not soggy, there's a vast difference there!)  I ordered a NY Combination, tossed the bell pepper, added green olives and tomatoes. What I got tasted great. The green olives added just the right amount of saltiness so it was like a combination meets a Mediterranean pizza. It was good. But I wasn't the only one liking it as my 2 year old didn't spit it out and he ate very good here. (This is also one place where I even ate the crust as it was really good)My wife ordered manicottis which I tried and liked but had to stay away from as I had that massive pizza to enjoy. Our appetizer included mushrooms, zucchini, and mozzarella sticks. The zucchini was off for me but my wife loved it, and the mushrooms and mozzarella sticks were quickly gone.  Service was really good. I did have one time I had to ask for an ice tea refill but that was it. Service with a smile? Yep, got it here in abundance. Oh and one other little detail, the fork I was using had seen better days. But beyond that, I have nothing else I can gripe about. Overall, I liked this place. And I will be back. While Old School Pizzeria, Grimaldi's, and Settebello have their place, Mark Rich's NY Pizza is worth a look too.
1	The pizza here is really really bad. My boyfriend and I came with a group of 8 people. One person in our group has a gluten-free diet, and with there being such limited gluten-free options for pizza restaurants we were looking forward to trying Mark Rich's. Unfortunately, I doubt we'd ever go back.Each person ordered a different pizza. Jayse and I shared, ordering a large cheese with tomatoes and half artichoke. The crust could best be described as a tasteless, soggy cardboard, and the toppings on each pizza were sparse. For the artichokes on ours, there was only individual artichoke leaves (no actual heart pieces) spread around the pizza very sparingly. You couldn't even taste them. The food was paired with poor service from our server, making for a very disappointing meal. We wouldn't recommend this place. There's much better pizza options here in town at similar prices.
1	Just had a ridiculous interaction with Linda, the owner, over a $7 Groupon coupon. Sad really. There are so many pizza places; she needs to appreciate it's the little things that keep customers happy
5	As an italian girl born and raised in NY, I and am VERY picky about pizza and italian food.  Ask my husband!!  When we moved to the area I noticed Mark Rich's on the corner by our house and thought "oh it probably sucks."  Boy was I wrong!! This place is amazing--the pizza is authentic NY and the pasta dishes are delicious.  We order pizza from here all the time and some times the pasta dishes as well.  I enjoy cooking italian food so we usually dont eat italian out.  When my family comes out to visit we always go to Mark Rich's.  Delicious and friendly staff!
1	We recently moved to Summerlin and were excited to support a local business. Went a couple times and service was ok, food ok, not great! But would have kept going due to the fact it was local, but after today will never go again. Went for lunch and service was extremely slow. Then wings came out cold, we returned them to the kitchen. We waited and waited and they finally came out but by then we had to eat a couple and run...hours later we are still puking...FOOD POISONING!! We totally understand this happens and just called them to let them know and they acted like who cares...well...let me just say we will never be going back there again!!!!!!
5	Having dinner here once again and love the thin crust pizza! I am a pizza snob and have had pizza all over Italy and NYC.  So I know good pizza and this place is at to of my list.  Service was friendly and fast !  Will come back for another 6 years!
4	My husband and I chance upon this place when we were visiting a friend in the area.  When we walked in, there were only a few open tables.  By the time we left, they entire place was packed and there were a couple of people waiting for a table.  This place is a very cozy neighborhood restaurant.  Even though the place was packed and they were busy, the waitstaff was very friendly and attentive.My husband and I shared a medium pizza, which was the perfect size for two people.  I had a soda and my husband had a beer.  I noticed that many people had wine as well.  Overall, I have to say this place was great!  The food tasted good and the atmosphere was very inviting.  If this was in my neighborhood, we'd definitely be regulars!
3	I gave this establishment another shot this evening.  The food was pretty good although the garlic knots were a bit disappointing.  The cheese was not melted nicely; it would have been great if they had been put under the broiler for a minute before being served.  The pizza was enjoyable as was the pasta dish we ordered.  They weren't overly busy tonight when we were there but it still took a bit of time to get our entrees and pizza.  Servers were friendly but could have been a bit more on top of things.
5	You know what? I eat here a lot. I feel I need to update my review because this place is awesome. You really can't go wrong here. The service is very good; I always receive fast and friendly service when I come for dinner. I don't really like to describe food so I'll keep it short and say, try the stromboli. The medium can feed two people; the large feeds a family. I've had the garlic knots, stromboli, works pizza, antipasto salad, french fries, and chicken fingers. Yes! The food is good. Come here and enjoy.
3	Not as good as the original Centennial location. The garlic knots are not even the same size- think half- how is that possible? The food is alright, pretty much the same in most respects, but don't expect to get the same food here as you would at Centennial. The two times I have been here service has been lacking. The last time we came we had a coupon that wasn't applied, and I had to remind the waitress- she had an attitude all night and I guess I was the last straw since she gave me such a death look and snapped, "Yeah I will do that." A cannoli I got wasn't filled all the way- not even half, which sucked. What's the point of a shell with no filling?
1	I want so much to like this place.  However, I have been disappointed each time I've tried it out.  The pizza is meh.  It could be better, could be worse.  I do love the wide selection of menu options.  They even have gluten free pizza.  I won't go back, though, because of an experience I had when my cousin was in town visiting with her kids.  We ordered two of their biggest pizzas.  It took 45 minutes to get to our house, although we live literally less than a mile away and it was a Wednesday night.  Only one pizza.  We ordered two.  I asked the delivery guy who said the order was only for one.  I called back and asked about the other pizza.  They sent another pizza out, took another 45 minutes, and charged me full price for the second pizza.  I'm not asking for a free pizza but man, we had to wait almost two hours to have enough food for everyone to eat.  It would have been nice to say they were sorry or something.  Overall it was very frustrating and the food isn't good enough to make it worth it.
1	Just tried to order a pizza to be delivered and was told it would be at least an hour & a half before they could get it here. Really? 90 minutes for a pizza that might take at the most 10 to 12 mintues or less to cook? Then another hour and 15 minutes to deliver it? I live 5 minutes away. I would be embarassed as the operators of this place. I will go somewhere else.
1	This place is terrible! Every time I order from here, I ask myself "why do I continue to support such a lousy establishment?". Well tonight was the last time. Never have I ordered a meal from here and thought it was good. Incorrectly preparing my food the way I ordered it seems to be the norm here. Not putting onions on something is a simple task for many people, but obviously not for this place. I simply threw my food in the garbage because I couldn't eat it. No longer will I "settle" for Mark Rich's solely because it's close and convenient.
4	Again, I'm slow on the review uptake....I'm an avid hiker and after a long day in Red Rock, I want food NOW.  My hiking buddies and I decided to check out Mark Rich's in the Albersons' complex on Charleston and Desert Foothills.  I was very pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed my lunch!  My group ordered a variety of items, including the tuna melt sandwich, chicken wings, and spinach calzone.  Portions: large.  Service: really nice! (and super accommodating when it came to splitting the cheque).  Food: yummy!  Of course, anything with cheese pretty much guarantees a party in the mouth (even for lactose-intolerant folks like myself), but I didn't notice overgreasiness (is that a word?).I'm sorry that I can't comment on the pizza -- funny how no one in my group ordered any pizza at a pizza joint! -- but perhaps I'll update this review after my next post-hike lunch.  It looks like this place suffers a little from inconsistent quality, judging from the yelp reviews, but on my visit, everything was good enough to warrant a second visit.
2	I just gave this exact place in Centennial Center a five star review, cause it's great. I say to go to the Centennial Center instead of the Summerlin area, if you really want to experience this place for what it really is.Never got a chance to try the food at the Summerlin area actually, the people were too fucking rude for me to want to even put up with their shit long enough to be seated.I was with someone, and we were coming back from Red Rock when we stopped here to eat. I figured since the Centennial place was so awesome, I could expect the same thing here.We walk in, there's no seat-yourself sign. So we stand there, looking at all the empty tables, but  the hostess tells us to wait and walks off. Some teeny-bopper with pink hair is at the cashier, and after a few minutes of the hostess not returning I ask here if we could just seat ourselves, like the other location. She gets all annoyed that we DARE bother her and tells us to just wait. After another few minutes of watching the hostess walk back and forth, not really doing anything but ignoring us, we walk out.Wasn't going to deal with that horse shit, and pretty disappointed that the customer service quality wasn't the same as the other location. They are run by the same people right?I really don't understand how the people that work here are so rude compared to the Centennial location. Maybe it just reflects the customers that come in, since we all know everyone that lives in Summerlin is an asshat. But there's no need to assume a sour attitude with everyone that walks in.Luckily we didn't eat here, I've heard that the food isn't as good as the other one either. It pangs me to give this a shitty review cause I really do like the restaurant, I just think this location needs a big hug or something.
3	The reviews on here weren't great, but I decided to give this place a try since I live in the area.  I got delivery, so can't speak to service inside the restaurant.  However, on the phone they were very nice, and the service was fast - think it came in less than 30 minutes!  The toppings were fresh and the sauce was good, but the crust lost them a star.  It seemed cardboard-like and didn't have a lot of flavor.  With a better crust, I would become a regular here.
4	I've only been here twice while working nearby at a client site. The waiter service has been nice and efficient.  Both times I've had a calzone and the dough is quite nice and baked just right.  The sauce is a little on the mild side for my liking but it's tasty nonetheless. They also have about 6 flavors of CJ's italian ice at this location.  If you've never had Italian ice you gotta try it.  Not a bad spot for a quick lunch.  I'm not sure about their pizza as I haven't tried that yet...next time.
4	Good subs, good wings.  Haven't tried the pizza yet so it's not a complete assessment.    I did take out so I can't comment on the service as a whole. They were friendly over the phone and my order was ready when they said it would be. From numerous friends, family, and neighbors I've talked to about them, they all seem to repeat the same complaints:  Slow service, inattentive servers, but food is good.
3	I usually go to Rocco's but I did a take out order here last night.  The food is decent for the price.  It takes a while to get the food though.  We ordered at 8:00 on a Tuesday and it took about 40 minutes to receive the food. They quoted 30 minutes and the cashier was sweet, so I would say my service experience was good.The food was hot and freshly made.  We had sandwiches, pizza, and salad.  I was impressed with the salad.  It was very fresh and tasty.  The pizza is not bad.  The sandwich was good.  I am going to try their pasta and wings next time.  I live less than a minute away so if I am not in a hurry to get dinner, I will probably use this place, but Rocco's is on my way home from work too so I may stick with them if I have a service experience that others on Yelp have mentioned having.  I will order before I leave work and then plan on being there no sooner than the 30 minutes they quote.One thing Mark Rich's has over Rocco's though is they serve alcohol and pizza and beer is a nice meal on a hot summer's eve.  Also, the interior is nicer than Rocco's too; Rocco's has always been too hot in the summer, Mark Rich's has a nicer atmosphere and is not too hot even with that huge pizza oven.
2	So I had the pizza this weekend and it was mediocre at best.  Not likely to order it again.  As I stated above, the subs were good as were the wings but the pizza sauce seems like cheap canned grocery store variety and the cheese was very bland.  Disappointing.........
4	This is our local pizza/Italian place. We are always satisfied with our food. The staff is very accomodating, even for our picky small child. I have to say I am a bit obsessed with their broccoli soup. I know it is not something you would expect from a place like that, but it is excellent, and when I spilled mine at home one evening, they helped make it all better. The service has always been excellent, even when I ran in late begging for a new soup. It is a bit slow, but the quality it so worth it.
4	Never had take-out here, but definitely will again!So the food takes about 15-20 minutes, and we had ordered 2 slices of pizza, and 2 medium spinach calzones.  I've never seen a large in my life that cost $16, but after seeing the size of their mediums, I can probably guess at the size!So, from a NY pizza slice perspective, this was not too bad.  It was about right on the price, and definitely right on the taste buds.  Had a slice of cheese, and a slice of white.The calzones by far, were definitely a winner.  We were expecting at $9 a piece that my wife and I would be getting some tiny things which would complement the pizza slices.  However, we could barely share one!  The crust was soft, of which I've rarely had a calzone like that which meant that the dough was freshly made and cooked to the right temperature.  They also didn't skimp on the marinara which I did appreciate.All in all, will definitely be trying them again.   Hopefully don't run into the same bad reviews as others, but perhaps for to-go, it's actually a good spot versus the in-dining.  Personally don't care for in-dining that much anyways unless I'm going to some posh place on the Strip.Now to find a good place that's close with teriyaki/hibachi chicken to-go and I'll be golden.
1	Something has changed for the worse here.  We are long time regulars and I have to agree with Erica V that on the last two pizzas the crust has been soggy / gummy and the sauce was runny / watery even when ordered well done and crispy.  So much so I called the manager last night. This used to be good pizza but sadly no longer. They've either changed ingredients, recipes and/or chefs.  Last week's sausage pizza tasted like bagged hospital grade meat.
1	Don't waste your time.....I ordered a gluten free pizza and was told it would take 15 mins. That was until they lost my order and it really took 45min. Then the pizza was HORRIBLE! It was soggy, you couldn't even pick it up and it tasted sooooo bad. Save yourself the wasted time and disappointment. If you are looking for good tasting gluten free pizza with an awesome staff check out Pizza Lounge @ Tivoli Village or Sammy's Wood Fire Pizza @ Flamingo & Forte Apache.
1	We went on a Sunday. The place was fairly busy when we arrived and completely full by the time we got our food. Ordered the fried zucchini with marinara and a large The Work pizza. The zucchini was good, the chucks of tomato in the sauce were cold. The pizza was undercooked and tasted like it. We saw other pizzas come out to tables looking fully cooked and a darker golden brown than ours. Didn't even bother to take the leftovers home. Very disappointing.
3	Me the wife and kids tried this place out for this first time this past Saturday. I like the set up. It was cozy, clean, and you could tell the place was family owned. Our waitress was very helpful. She gave the kids pizza doe to play with while we were waiting on our food. The pizza was good. You can either order by the slice with extra toppings not costing that much, to a full pizza with wings. Our large pizza had nice big slices and they allow you to customize slices as you wish. This is good if you have a picky family like i do. The wings were a good size and the mild sauce was pretty good.  The only down side is we picked a rather small table to sit at and with all the food we had it made it a little uncomfortable. Since there front sign stated to  seat yourself that was totally our fault. I recommend this place if your craving some pizza, don't want to be bothered with the strip and want to still make sure you have enough money to pay rent....lol
5	Lasagna, come here for the lasagna. I always order an extra side of their meat sauce; it's so tasty you will want to add more of it to the lasagna.  For a quick, homemade, neighborhood,Italian meal, this place cannot be beat.... And I am very picky
1	Salad - badPizza - badSangria - horribly madeOverall, it was awful!!We ordered a salad and pizza and each was awful.  The salad dressing tasted bad and the pizza was very, very greasy.  We also ordered a sangria to which the server said "I'm not even sure what's in that, so it will take a bit longer than normal".  Definitely not confidence inspiring and it turned out again, awful.Make sure to avoid this place if you're in Summerlin.  There are much better places around.
2	We used to frequent this restaurant often. Unfortunately, the inconsistency of their food has forced us to go elsewhere. The pizza is either soggy, undercooked/over cooked with water downed sauce. Rocco's or Dom DeMarcos (both in Summerlin) never disappoint.
4	Consistent and good, nice portion sizes and good on-line ordering system.  This is our quick'n'easy Italian food spot - not necessarily our local pizza spot  (Rocco's) or nice Italian local spot (Siena) - and great in a pinch when no one in my family can decide what they want to eat.  We love their "make your own" calzone with all of the items to choose from.
3	Not bad, pretty standard for a pizza joint.  Nothing wowed me here though.  I came for a quick lunch and service was prompt.  Food was typical pizza fare, I had chicken fingers and fries as I was on my own.  Everything was tasty and basic.  Reasonable price and the food came quickly.  Best part of it may have been the free WiFi lol
1	What a bizarre lunch experience I had.  I just wanted a quick lunch and figured they would offer slices.  I went to the counter and ordered a pepperoni slice and soda.  The guy took the order but then when I went to sit at the counter...he said that I needed to order from the server.  So the server came and I placed the same order.  Slice of pepperoni and a diet coke.Food comes and I'm eating.  I'm not sure whether I'm supposed to get my own refill or wait for the server.  There is only one other table and they're regulars.   The server is there talking to them for about 10 minutes.I'm hoping I could catch the attention of one of the two employees who are behind the counter, but they're in their own world.  So I stand up and refill my own soda.  Now I'm waiting for my check.  Finally one of the other servers gives me my check.  Never stopping here for lunch again.
4	Not sure why all the terrible reviews. We went here after Red Rock canyon. Service was good, our waiter was very nice, joked around with us. My husband and I were not expecting good pizza. We have lived in Jersey all our lives and it's hard to find good pizza like that in the west. We were pleasantly surprised. Mozzarella sticks were good, pizza was good, spices done right. I'd have to say the best part was the sauce.Obviously not the best pizza place we've ever been but I think we're a little spoiled on the east coast. Would definitly go again.
1	Friendly staff, was greeted while I was looking through the menu for my to go order. The owner was very friendly and was the one helping me out. I ordered the white pizza with sausage and mushroom along with their spaghetti and garlic bread lunch special. My pizza came out with mushroom and onions looked totally raw and uncooked as if they just added it last second. My spaghetti was just noodles with pizza sauce, the garlic bread was good. My previous order was a deep dish pizza which consisted of bread and cheese. Where was the sauce? Where and who taught these people how to make pizza?? They should just call this place a bakery cause the only thing they know how to make right is their garlic bread. They have a nice layout but what a waste when the food sucks
1	Never ever order from the Tropical location they are closed! Although they have no problem taking your money. We sat and waited for our order for over an hour, then someone called and said: "We did not know if this was for delivery or pickup. Then we told them delivery. Okay. About 10 minutes later they call and say, so sorry the location you order from is closed. If you don't come to our new location and pick it up, you will not be getting your food. Oh and also we can't refund your $60. No food, no money. We have followed Mark Rich from all his restaurants and the food is awesome, but this crummy service without an apology is unforgivable. Happy birthday to me. Thanks a lot for nothing.
3	I had the time to read all the latest reviews and I have to agree with some that say that it's not absolutely outstanding but just okay. I ordered the 10" pizza with sausage, mushrooms and bell pepper. It was the sausage I would say that was a little scarce however overall it was okay for lunch. Service was normal. Just another average and expected lunch. No complaints but not memorable. I'd come back..
2	I went there on a Sunday Night Football game and was pleased to see the game on their TVs. The pizza quality is OK but I have had better. The worst part of it all was the service. We went and felt that the service was rushed the entire time. Eventually we found out our server was getting close to the end of her shift and kept prodding us to pay for our check. Now, I don't mind paying & tipping in advance for a server that is leaving early but she was being very rude to my guests and I, constantly asking us if we wanted our food to-go when we just received it five minutes ago. I checked the closing time and it was 2 hours prior to closing so it wasn't like we were holding the entire staff back. I don't think I've ever received such poor service. When I was eating I thought the food was OK and wanted to come back to try their pasta, but after what we experienced I'm not going there again. Hope you have a better time than I did!
1	HORRIBLE Service!!!!I ordered a carry out pizza and arrived 25 minutes after placing my order. The pizza was no where to be found. The pizza maker said he made it. Cashier gave it to someone else. I asked for a refund. Took 5 minutes for a manager to show up and about that time the customer they gave my pizza to called to complain. The clerk had the nerve to laugh. The manager was extremely rude. This was once a great neighborhood pizza place but never again will I darken their doors!
2	Our family dined here this past weekend for an early dinner.  When we arrived, the restaurant only had a few patrons, so we were seated almost immediately of walking in their doors.  The waiter who greeted us and took our orders was friendly enough.I decided to order a cheeseburger and french fries along with a root beer.  I know what you're all thinking!  Here I come to an Italian pizza and pasta restaurant and I order the most American item on their menu.  To my defense, my husband chose the restaurant as we were looking for some place quick to eat before our show.  I wasn't in the mood for pizza, the pasta seemed too heavy as I wasn't very hungry and the salads didn't sound too amazing.  They all came with raw onions, (Yuck!) and their descriptions sounded as if they were all made with filler iceberg lettuce, as I like to call it.Of course I was given a Sierra Mist in place of my root beer.  The waiter quickly dashed off, and I was too tired to say anything.  A half an hour later my cheeseburger arrived very dried and sad with no cheese.  Maybe I should have ordered one of their salads, and requested no onions.The only saving grace for this restaurant is that they brought out some wonderfully soft dough on a cute pizza plate to keep my daughter occupied while we waited for our meals.#90 / 100Yelp 100 Review Challenge 2014
3	We've ordered three times and it just seems to be lacking something special.  Nothing really wrong with it, but nothing special either. Like eating Sbarra at a mall. It's ok, but nothing extraordinary or memorable. Each time we ordered we felt the pizza could have used a few extra minutes in the oven. Just didn't seem to be cooked long enough. One of the few local non-chain pizza places that does deliver however
3	Not bad but not great.   Recommend the spinach calzone.   Very tasty.   Service has improved.   Extensive menu. Pricing is rather reasonable. Outdoor seating available. Good location for after Red Rock Canyon activities
