4	Currently operating as a "pop-up" sushi bar, but soon to open permanently in this location. They also have a mobile unit for street fare. Fun!  Running a small fresh sushi menu for now (with PBR for your drinking pleasure), however they intend to expand the menu to include hot Japanese specialties. Exciting! Super cool guys adding to the awesome of PGH. For now, it looks like you can catch them at this listed location on Tues. and Wed. from 1-7pm and on Fri. and Sat. from 5-11pm. Then also at Bar Marco on Fridays from 11-3pm and Sunday nights at Shadow Lounge.
4	Pop up pop in. These dudes have true passion for what they do and it shows. It was a simple pop-up menu of maki, sashimi and authentic Japanese street food and it was outstanding. Thank you for a great evening. Looking forward to the opening.
4	BF and I saw the sign for pop-up sushi on our way to Ginza in Bloomfield and decided to pop in in Fukuda instead. Loved it. The owners were incredibly nice and provided great personalized service.Okinomiyaki was delicious as was their signature role. We brought our own saki and soju which was no problem. They dont have real dishes yet, but that really didn't bother me. It was a nice change of pace and incredibly reasonable! I'll definitely check them out at Shadow Lounge on Sundays as well!
5	Fukuda is a small and inviting little Japanese restaurant in Bloomfield that brings exceptionally good sushi and Japanese street food snacks to Pittsburgh. As a lover of sushi and frequent visitor to Japan this is a much needed--and appreciated--addition to Pittsburgh. We tried Fukuda on I think their fourth night of restaurant operations (they had previously operated as a popup restaurant and food truck). The place got pretty busy while we were there, so I guess word is spreading fast. Service was friendly and warm. The food was great. We had a chef's selection of sushi (nigiri and sashimi), some takoyaki (fried octopus balls), pork belly, and some specialty maki rolls. Everything was delicious and at the standard expected in sushi restaurants in cities like New York...and Tokyo!What impressed us was their commitment to using high quality ingredients, including some fish flown in fresh from the Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo. I don't think any other "Japanese" restaurant in Pittsburgh keeps such high standards. We will be back again...and again...and again...!
2	What can I say?  The food is SMALL, the prices are BIG.  After a hard day at work, I didn't want to blow all my hard earned money on just trying to fill my stomach with their incredibly small portions.  $24 dollar sashimi --6 pieces of sashimi, 4 nigiri $8 ramen--a teeny tiny bowl you can hold in one hand, good noodles but way too SALTY, 2 thin slices of pork$5-6 skewers--delicious slices of fish on a stick but you maybe will only get 4 bites out of these$10--FIVE (that's $2 each) slices of pork belly with a kick of wasabiWith every course that came, my boyfriend and I would look down at each tiny plate as if saying to ourselves---that's it???  What was supposed to be an entree, looked more like an appetizer.  For us, we won't be going back anytime soon.  It might be a different story if it was exceptional but honestly, it's sushi made by hipsters and just WAY TOO EXPENSIVE for what you get.    Also, avoid the table with a light jutting out from the wall into your face.
4	Not going to lie; this place is not cheap. That being said, it has some of the freshest, best fish we have had since coming to Pittsburgh. It's probably on par with Umi in terms of prices for quantity, but at least it's not pretentious, and you get some very interesting fish (stuff you don't normally find elsewhere).We had the chef's sampler (the $38 one) with more exotic fish. And, since it was our first time, we were a bit upset, not with the quality, but with the quantity. We had four sushi, and five sashimi for that price. Now, again, the quality was excellent, and the kinds of fish were interesting, so really, this is just a heads up about the expense so that you're not as surprised as we were.Unsurprisingly, we weren't particularly full. We got two more rolls, a spicy tuna and a salmon avocado roll. And this is why we'll be coming back: the fish to rice ratio is wack. There was WAY more fish than rice in these rolls, and the fish are fabulous.Lesson learned: stay away from the sashimi (unless you're looking for some super exotic fish) and stick with the rolls. Service is friendly, and because they don't have a license, they'll give you beer for free.
5	To start you should know I had seriously high expectations for this place. You should know this because I think your expectations definitely can alter your experience of a place. Having only been in Pittsburgh for about 5 months, I've had some okay, sushi, but nothing to write home about. But in following the social media around Fukuda, and having recently watched Jiro dreams of sushi (it's on netflix instant- watch it) I was really quite excited to try this place out. I knew it wasn't going to be cheap. I also did not care if it was cheap. I wanted good sushi. (Jiro charges $300 a plate to start for his excellent sushi) I got out of Fukuda for only 48 bucks (total for 2) and it was a bargain. You should also know that my expectations were met and exceeded. To start we had 2 skewers because they were out of the pork belly. (next time!) We didn't even really want the skewers we just ordered them to augment the meal. So imagine our surprise when they were totally awesome! The shiitake mushroom was delightful, savory, meaty even, and the chicken was even better. Then came our sushi rolls we ordered the salmon avocado, spicy tuna, and tuna avocado. Each roll was perfectly crafted-6 pieces with a impressive amount of fresh fish in each. The avocados were dead ripe. (I abhor an unripe avocado) The spicy tuna was so good that it transcended my recognition of spicy tuna  roll at any other sushi place. it was just.... better? tastier? awesome-er?Lastly came our takoyaki. Now I should sidebar and explain that I just moved here from Philly and around the corner from where I lived in Philly for a few years was a place that just made takoyaki and Japanese pizza. My friend who was visiting and I used to go to have these japanese balls all the time so we had some pretty high standards. Their version does not disappoint. You only get 3 which is only sad because it makes sharing hard, but otherwise they were perfect. Savory, and delightful. We almost ordered a second batch they were so great. At the end of the meal we were both full, delighted, and excited to return. It is safe to say that I will be back. Hopefully often. Just reliving this to write the review has made me want to go back (and I was only there last night...) Go try it I think you'll feel similarly.pro tip: they're BYO so you should get in on that.
3	As Bloomfield residents we were excited to have a new Japanese restaurant in our neighborhood. We enjoyed Fukuda's offerings during the Little Italy days and came in with high expectations. The place is very small but warm and inviting. The decor was very artful and creative giving you a feeling that you are somewhere special. Even down to the menu which was printed on a slim strip of paper which resembled a bookmark. It was simple, small and concise.  It felt very modern and Japanese...So why am I only giving this place 3 stars? Its because we left unimpressed. Maybe we came in with high expectations and expected more for the price. However, I can't help how I feel.I don't mind paying a top dollar for Japanese food but I felt blatantly ripped off. The sushi was decent but the servings were minuscule. I also ordered the simmered pork belly which was how I would have expected pork belly should be done. Which was quite good. However, for $ 10.50 I only got about 4 tiny little slivers. I devoured it. After polishing off the pork belly our overly enthusiastic server plopped down a larger serving of this glorious pork belly which had about 8 slivers less fatty and looked crispier. I was so happy thinking to myself oh this is a good deal. However, I was disappointed to find out that this second larger and better looking serving of pork belly was not really destined for our table, but the table next too us, thanks to my wife's honesty. This inconsistency is unacceptable when you are charging this much. And then it happened again. They kept on plopping down other people's food on our table. Which we declined.Please improve. You might feel like you are doing well since the place looks packed every time I walk by during my dog walks. However, there is tough competition down the street and people are going to realize they are not getting their money's worth.Your servings are half the size for almost double the cost and same quality as your competitor.  Please be consistent. I would like for you guys to stay in my neighborhood to improve our business district. We are in Pittsburgh, our market can't stand pretentious renditions of something that was already good to begin with. Sorry this is a late night rant. I woke up from sleep and started thinking about my experience at your place this evening..
5	I really loved this place. I'm afraid it will probably offend some Pittsburgh residents as the portions are rather small relative to the prices. However, really really good sushi is expensive. This is some of the best sashimi I've had in Pittsburgh.
4	Usually I can give or take sushi, but every now and then I get a hankering for it... say, after drooling for hours over Jiro Dreams of Sushi or after gorging myself with heavy holiday meals for days on end- the latter in this particular case.  Thus brought my boyfriend and I to Fukuda for a date night after the twelve days of Christmas feasting.  Although the restaurant is small we were seated immediately without a reservation on a Friday night.The only things keeping me from rating Fukuda as a stand-out five-star restaurant are some slight disorganization mishaps that occurred throughout our meal and the extremely annoyingly placed light at our table (blaring red light right in my eye line across the table).  After ordering we were brought our sushi orders relatively quickly and gobbled them up immediately.  This is some of the best-quality fish and delicious sushi I have had and definitely one of, if not the best, I have found in Pittsburgh.  We kept it simple and started with the salmon and kampachi sushi ($7 each) along with a cold tuna appetizer ($10).  The appetizer was okay- excellent quality fish and tasty but missing a punch from a citrus or something similar- but both sushi choices were melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  I had never had kampachi before but it is now one of my favorite sushi options, similar to a fatty salmon or yellowtail and served with a garnish of green onion on top.  After the sushi we sat waiting for our next option- the ramen- to arrive.  Three times three different staff members came over to ask if we needed anything else and each time we reminded them that we had ordered more food that should be on its way.  We sat, and then sat some more, both with growing hunger as the sushi didn't keep us full very long.  I am not joking when I share that we sat so long we started dipping our chopsticks in soy sauce to try to get some sustenance. Eventually yet another staff member came over and apologized that it was taking so long and offered us complimentary sake- we happily accepted.  While sipping on the sake our ramen FINALLY arrived and it was piping hot with a fragrant broth, noodles, pork, egg, and bamboo shoots.  I am not sure if it was due to hunger or not, but it definitely hit the spot and did not last very long as we slurped it up.  We decided to order one additional item to make sure we would stay full and went with the inside-out spicy tuna maki.  This came lightning fast compared to the ramen and we were even offered more sake to go with it.  Once again, the quality of the fish was exceptional and the roll itself was well-made and the perfect size.I will be back to Fukuda but just hope they get themselves a bit more organized before my next visit.
4	Fukuda first came into my life during Bloomfield's Little Italy days. It was there that I first witnessed a stand selling Korean Tacos. They were delicious, and the owner was amicable, explaining that he would soon have the adjacent restaurant space. Fast forward to December, and I figured I would try Fukuda with my girlfriend.The decor is minimalist and ambient, the marriage of space and food harmony. This perfectly captured the essence of good sushi, which is a simple presentation, crafted with the utmost care.To start we ordered Salmon Sushi, and Kampachi. Both were delectable slices of the freshest fish. The rice was moist and had the perfect amount of wasabi between the fish and rice. I could literally eat sushi all day from Fukuda.We then had the Ramen dish, also a most excellent( Bill and Ted give a thumbs up) concoction, with a delicious rich broth. It seemed to take a while for the Ramen to come out, but the awkward wait was mitigated by free Sake, which was delicious. As mentioned in other reviews, the portions are a bit on the small side, so I was still hungry. I ordered the spicy tuna roll, and it was superb. Many times when you order rolls you are looking down at the rice, searching for wherever the fish may be hiding. That was not the case here at Fukuda. Every ingredient and portion received the tender care of the chef all the way from selection to the table. It is great to see that sort of attention to detail in a restaraunt around Bloomfield, as I have noted some others in the area seem to miss the little things.So why 4 stars instead of 5? The service was a little shaky, and there seemed to be little in the way of organization regarding that. I was approached by at least 3 different people asking the same questions. Either way, I will be back so no worries, you made a repeat out of me!
4	My wife and I ate at Fukuda for the first time last night after reading rave reviews on several sites and reading the local paper's initial impression - we like to seek out small new restaurants and enjoy them while they are starting up; it's fun to become a regular in a new restaurant that is working hard to excel.First - Space - the restaurant is small and intimate. They have some asian accents, but it's a really relaxed place to eat. The ceilings are high, and this makes for a low noise level inside, even when the place was packed. The ambient music is not overwhelming, and accentuates the intimate environment without being a distraction. My only "suggestion for improvement" would be for them to elevate the acrylic light boxes' position over the tables for two - they are pretty much protruding out of the walls at face-level and are somewhat of a distraction - they made it hard to peer into my wife's beautiful eyes during the meal... Another reviewer seems to agree with me on this.Second - Service - the staff are incredibly friendly and hospitable. Even though they do not shout the typical Japanese "Irasshaimasen!" when you walk in the door (that would definitely not fit in with the overall feel of this place anyways), you feel immediately welcomed and it's easy to all of a sudden start up a nice conversation with this nice group of people trying to express their vision. We did not have the issues with service that other reviewers had during our visit - service was attentive but not overbearing, flighty, or careless for us.Third - Food - the food is spectacular. All of our food came promptly, at the correct temperature, and beautifully presented. As other reviewers here indicate, the quality of ingredients here is first class all the way - they definitely aren't compromising in their selection of fish or anything else in order to get their restaurant up and running. This is probably why the sampler runs $38 and leaves one wanting more. Of course, the true experience in sushi is in quality and not quantity, so we gladly ordered several other items on the menu (I think we hit about 75% of that evening's non-sushi items, which turned out to be a great experience!) Despite the focus on Chef Matt's delicious and high-quality sushi, I would say that the first time customer should definitely take advantage of ordering LOTS of different robatayaki and appetizer-style dishes, and have a few select sushi items. The back kitchen is highly adept at providing an incredible izakaya-style experience with these dishes, and honestly, I was a little sad we had brought only sake with us, as some namachus (draft beers) would really have hit the spot. We had the takoyaki (we liked it so much, we ordered it twice during the meal...), the cold sliced duck breast, the tofu (amazing... I have never ordered tofu in a restaurant before, and from now on, will have it every time at Fukuda while they serve it... It's that awesome), the shiitake robatayaki, the yakitori (chicken skewers), and their grilled edamame (who would have thought simple soybeans in the pod could be so mind-blowing? I've always found edamame to be OK, but this was delicious...)We liked the idea of their changing menu, and would definitely love to see even more of their vision the next time we visit, which I honestly think will not be too terribly far in our future. Best of luck guys!
4	Given all of the really positive twitter buzz, I've really been wanting to try this place.  Still haven't had the chance to make it to dinner (yet), but was able to drop by for lunch.  Fukuda is very small and homey.  There's a sushi bar that looks like it would seat about 10 or so and only about 5 other tables.  Subtle wood and Asian decor cover the walls while quirky tunes play over the speakers.  The lunch menu is very small.  There's grilled edamame, 3 kids of Ramen (pork, miso vegetarian, and seafood) and green tea to drink.  That's it.  Is that a problem?  Not when the food is delicious as Fukuda's.My lunch companion and I split the grilled edamame.  Covered with sea salt, the grilling added quite a smokey flavor.  It's not something I'd had with edamame before, but it worked really well.  I opted for the standard pork ramen that also appears on the dinner menu.  With pork belly, egg, bamboo shoots, and scallions it was rich, flavorful, and delicious.  It blew the doors off of a recent $14 bowel of ramen I had at Station Street that smelled and tasted like formaldehyde-soaked frogs from 8th grade science class.  I noticed a bowl of seafood ramen being taken to a table next to us with a big prawn head sticking out of it.  Going to have to try that one next time.After our meal, we had the chance to talk with one of the friendly owners for a bit.  He told us that he and and Matt (the sushi chef) were originally at Tamari.  They fly fresh fish in from Japan every Thursday.  The dinner menu is a combination of sushi/sashimi and robotayaki.  They also do an omakase that you have to reserve in advance.As mentioned in other reviews, Fukuda is not cheap.  Our lunch today was about $30.  However, it was excellent and I really am looking forward to when I can make it back for dinner and try this amazing Japanese fish that keeps earning rave reviews.
3	Fukuda serves food that is just melt in your mouth good. What rocked:* The edamame - charcoal grilled with some sea salt. If you are sensitive to salt you might think it be too much but I enjoy my savory* From the restaurant week menu, the four pieces of nigiri. So fresh, so soft and flavorful that I opted out of soy. There was a bit more wasabi holding together the fish and rice than I anticipated so be prepared for a nose cleanse.* And the ramen (restaurant week menu too). While it wasn't blow me away ramen, the broth was tasty and warm on a cold night and included some good chunks of fish, squid and a shrimp.* Sake on the house* Skewers of green onion, mushroom and seafood to make up for the service (see below), which were charcoal grilled in a soy marinadeThe ok:* From the restaurant week menu, the kusshi oysters. I love oysters but the herbiness of the Japanese shisho granita overpowered the thai chilli and lemon* The small venue. You'll either like it or hate depending on how crowded it can getAnd the not so good:* Ran out of dessert for the restaurant week menu and we had came in with a reservation though they discounted our meal price for this* Three of us ordered the restaurant week menu and two opted for the main menu. The two who ordered from the main menu finished their meal right about the time we were finishing up first course. And for us who ordered the restaurant week menu waited for more than 25 minutes for the second course, when there were at least three other tables who had ordered the same and came in not only after us but finished their meals up before we got the oysters.Ultimately the timing and whole being forgotten was what docked Fukuda to 3 stars for me though they tried to make it up. However I will be back and hope that the service will be much more on par with the quality of food.
4	I really truly believe there's no other place in the Burgh that matches what's going on here. It's incredibly unique and adventurous without being too scary for those who haven't had this type of food before. Don't worry, jump in, the waters warm:)I also think this was the perfect time to visit, during restaurant week, because I was able to sample a lot of different things. I love me a good tasting menu (every restaurant should have one!). The tasting menu was $35 for sashimi, oysters, ramen and chocolate shiitake mushroom ice cream. Bummer, the ice cream ran out when we got there (we were there for 8:45pm reservations, so it was kinda sorta late). So they adjusted the price to $30 and I was happy to eat the rest of the choices!I had heard the edamame was amazing, so we ordered that. It came out in a decent size bowl and was cooked with soy and sea salt. It was super tasty and we scarfed down the whole bowl. This is a no brainer when hitting this place up, so order up!The 4 pieces of sashimi I slammed down were like butta. Seriously, fresh fish straight off the plane (literally, they get their fish flown in from Japan daily!). It was probably the freshest I've had other than Penn Ave Fish Co. The rice was fluffy but not too sticky. I'm gonna say straight up this was my fave part of the meal hands down. The 2 oysters were inventive. It was mixed with thai chili and lemon. Call me an old fashion oyster shucker (okay, maybe not shucker), but I like them either straight up, with cocktail sauce or vinegar. I may at some point find another sauce I like with them, but I don't think this was one of them.The seafood ramen was good, but could have used a bit more flavor. It was very very fishy tasting. Don't get me wrong, I love fish. But just a warning for those of you who say you like fish, in small doses, this is not your dish. I did love the whole shrimp served in it. I'm not saying it just had the tails attached. I'm saying it had the eyeballs still staring at me! It was kinda gross popping that poor guys head off, but... it sure was delicious and fresh. Sorry my seafood friend! There was also a good amount of fish packed into the dish as well as noodles. Maybe just a little more pizzaz with the broth and we'd be in business.So here's the hard facts. I came in fully prepared to fall in love. And while I did like it, and will most definitely come back for the sushi, the service was lacking. Everyone was extremely friendly, but I have an inkling our server forgot about our meals. There were five of us and two ordered sushi only and the rest of us ordered the tasting menu. The sushi came out promptly for all. Then that's where things fell apart. I think we waited almost 45 minutes for our oysters. I can understand if it was a cooked dish. I can understand if they were short staffed. But watching the tables around you receive all their courses before you even get your second, made us think we were forgotten. Once we reminded the server we received the oysters and then ramen shortly after.I will say they brought us a tray of seared veggies and fish to make up for the botched service that were stellar. I'd actually recommend ordering that as an app if they have it on the menu when you visit. I've pretty  much planned my menu for the next visit. Edamame, seared veggies and fish and sushi, sushi, sushi! Oh and don't forgot your bottle of something, something. It's BYOB!
3	I'm not gonna lie, the food here, specifically the sushi is phenomenal.  However, our experience with the service left a whole lot to be desired.  A few friends and I went here during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week and some of us decided to go with the tasting menu.  I mean why not, you get to sample a little bit of everything.  As many others have mentioned, this place is small.  So small that I felt bad for the wait staff that had to maneuver through cramped spaces to get to their customers.  But all the wait staff we encountered were friendly although not necessarily attentive.This is definitely not one of those places to go to when you need to eat and run.  It's more like you need to be at a dead stop with no where to go to even to begin to enjoy this place...and even that may not be enough to enjoy it, as was my experience.      I went with the tasting menu which was a selection of sashimi, followed by oysters and then your choice of one out of three entrees.  I opted for the tofu...which I'll later regret.  The sushi was incredible and came out in a timely manner.  I haven't tasted sushi this good since a trip to Nobu in NYC.  Then it gets akward...there are 2 tables which came in after us, probably a good 20 minutes (or more) after we sat down.  And yet they were served their food and finished...yes finished their entire meals before we got a glimpse of our oysters.  What's that you ask...maybe they didn't order the tasting menu?  YES they did!  Our table was right next to them so we had to watch as they were given all the dishes off the tasting menu with no delay.So after eating our sushi and adding 40 minutes, we finally got our oysters.  We of course had to catch the attention of one of the wait staff to see what was going on.  No explanation but within about 2 minutes we were served our oysters.  After that the entree came out in a timely manner.  While I had heard their ramen was great, I opted for the tofu b/c most in the group were getting the ramen.  Big mistake - do not get the tofu!  While the seasoning sitting on top of the tofu was decent, the tofu itself was not good.  I enjoy tofu but I like the firm tofu and it has to be cooked the right way.  But this was the super soft tofu that had an unpleasant texture and nonexistent taste.  I did not finish it.  That being said, I added an extra star b/c I ordered the wrong thing.  I really feel like this was a 2 star experience.  There are two parts to the dining experience, food and the service.  While the food (with the exception of the tofu) could have carried this place to a 4-5 star rating, the service was so lackluster that it really ruined the experience for me.  It felt like those that were dressed like hipsters got better service than our group...or I should say got service.  Now maybe I'm being paranoid, but that's just too weird for me NOT to notice.  Next time, I'll dress like a hipster and test my theory.     It's byob so don't forget your alcohol!
5	Stunning.Yes, I said it - Stunning. We went back for the 3rd time in 2 weeks to enjoy Fukuda, and were again extraordinarily pleased. The service was excellent - the nice young lady who seated us was friendly, conversant, and honestly fun to talk to... all the while without being overbearing or intrusive. We sat at the sushi bar this time, and I must say, it's my favorite place to sit here. (Reminds me of when we sat at 12 bis at Taiilevent!)From start to finish, our experience last Friday was fantastic. (Except for the sushi rice, but more on that later...) We love the changing menu, and this time we focused on the izakaya feel to this restaurant, focusing on the appetizers rather than the sushi (even though the fish quality is astounding). We heartily enjoyed the oysters with ponzu, pork belly, yakitori, grilled shiitakes, tofu, and takoyakis. The sushi we had was great - although we noticed that the rice appeared to be long-grain rice and was a bit undercooked. While many would condemn this, I am willing to forego extreme criticism because this group appears to be trying very hard to elevate and develop their cuisine, and I honestly believe they are destined for great success.We are true believers, and rest assured, we shall be back again, and again, and again... Arigato gozaimasu!
5	This place is fabulous. Friendly and fast service and sick food: we had oysters, saba, edamame (recommended by our server for being unique; it was), a couple robatayaki skewers and a platter of super-fresh nigiri. My wife said he wanted to move in upstairs and eat there every day.The prices will creep up on you so beware (though they were worth it to us for such meticulously prepared and sourced stuff).It has a somewhat casual vibe in both the service and decor (Cure is like that too), which I like, but may not appeal to everyone.
5	The second time around Fukuda was everything I had hoped for! We arrived at about 6:30 on Saturday and the place was almost half full for the small space but we were seated at a four person table for two immediately. We ordered:Saba - marinated/blistered mackerel, pickled apple puree and grilled cucumber foam- this is a special item on the menu so would recommend trying now over the more 'staple' itemsRobatayaki - scallion, kampachi and shiitakeChef's Choice Sampler (small), highlights were the Opaka, Tuna and Roe (saltier than I've had)The food was as I remembered delightfully tasty and light. No soy sauce needed on the nigiri and sashimi, which is how I like my sushi and a testament to Fukuda's craft. And the service was solid, such an upgrade from the prior experience. We were not forgotten this time.Our bill came to ~$50 w/o tax and tip, which is extremely reasonable to me given what high quality food comes out of Fukuda.
3	The fish is flown in from Japan and this should make for some exceptional sushi, but it didn't. There are so many factors that go into a piece of sushi being delicious- freshness, temperature, cut of the fish, size of the portion, etc. We've only gone one time but it was not an impressive visit.  It was not bad by any means. We had heard all about this place and it just didn't live up to the hype. We didn't get anything from the kitchen, just sushi. We are not cheap eaters and Fukuda is over priced. Umi in Shadyside is WAY overpriced but I will go and enjoy because I know the sushi is second to none in this city. 3 stars. Not bad, not remarkable
4	When we were done having lunch here my friend and I looked at each other and said at the same time, "Wow, that was really good!"Fukuda is a restaurant new to Bloomfield, and because of its unassuming storefront it is easy to miss--but to never try this place would be a crime because the food is very good.This restaurant is small inside but though it was busy, we were seated without a wait.I had the salmon robatayaki and edamame, both dishes were excellent.  My friend opted for the tasting menu and I was sorry I'd not followed suit because everything looked delicious.  Our bill came to about $40 and we both left satisfied.  It's dangerous having a restaurant this tasty within walking distance from my house!  Give this place a try, I hear it is also excellent for lunch.
2	I give 2 stars because the main problem is that the portions are SO SMALL for the  high prices. Especially the ramen. Other places in Pittsburgh charge the same price and you get a normal sized share of ramen.   It's a shame, because I do really like this place and would recommend because the food is good, but they need to reconsider some things.
3	Good food but supper over priced.Their sushi is good but the ramen are way to salty and the noodle is bad choice of the chef. too soft and overcooked.It is good for a small group to have a after dinner drink but not for a real meal, I don;t eat a lot, but I was hungry after spending almost $70 there with my husband, so next time I will eat first and just have drinks with their wonderful snacks.
5	The sushi was great, the Robatayaki (basically yakitori) was even better. Every bite was a treat here, we were lucky to get a table!
3	As a preliminary review, I can only honestly give this place 3 stars simply on account of the price. Let's be straight here; I spend money on food. Paying a good bit for dinner doesn't bother me. 8 dollars for takoyaki though? For 3 takoyaki balls? That's offensive.  7 dollars for some dressed up tofu? Even more skeptical. Takoyaki is street food. Would you pay 8 dollars for a hotdog? I doubt it.The quality is nice, but being charged tapas prices for cheap food doesn't vibe well with me. This, compacted with the fact that you aren't getting a "classy" atmosphere really throws me off.I will be back to check out the sushi--at a whopping 8 dollars for two pieces of nigiri-- as an update.
2	Hipster Sushi... No Thanks.From the awkward/unfriendly greeting to the small portion size to the undercooked chicken skewer to being handed the bill by the hostess who then proceeded to just hover there at the table, iPad & Square in hand, while we divvied up the bill. We could not get out of that place fast enough. And we all left hungry. (read more reviews I see we weren't alone).One star for the bowl of ramen, and one star for the grilled scallions. Don't order the oysters. For $10 hubs got the two smallest mollusks he's ever seen, drowned in the toppings.  And when that was all he ordered, the waitress didn't even warn him it was so small.  He got something small because he wasn't very hungry but that was ridiculous. Sushi rolls were ok, nothing special. Won't be back.
2	Not sure why this place is getting stellar reviews. We were first in for the night, and the place smelled like someone was just smoking inside.Food: The fish quality is good, but its not better than Chaya in Squirrel Hill. The thing you can get here is really obscure fish, but if you're no connoisseur, there's no point to it. I do like that they had real wasabi, though.Portions: So TINY. No warning. The $15 chef's special is three thin slices. We went to taco bell afterward.Service: Slow. Unsophisticated - makes us pass down the tea cups? At $30/pp? Stacking plates as you leave? Also, their wireless router doesn't work up front, so paying is a pain.Aesthetic: Yeah, its a cute place. Why do the water pitchers have rocks in them? It only works when the whole mood matches.Go if you're into obscure fish and have a lot of time, personally, its not for me.
2	Blah. It saddens me that the sushi here is definitely not worth the price. My main question after eating the whopping $15 From Japan!!!! OMG!!! fish is.. Who is inspecting this fish before purchasing? Because it doesn't taste that great. It just doesn't. I also realized that their other sushi prices are still not worth it..you'll spend at least $3 more per order of all other fish here, and it's more irritating that that includes No-taste Tuna and Seen it before salmon. Save your $ and go somewhere else (Sushi Tomo perhaps..)Strangely, their shiitake and chocolate ice cream was phenomenal...like..REALLY excellent.
3	I so want to like this place, because I feel like we should be supporting new, inventive restaurants in the Burgh. But the fact remains... every time I come here, I leave hungry. And when you've just spent like $30 pp (without any beverages), that just seems wrong.Food remains quite tasty. If you have the time, I highly HIGHLY recommend the fish head. It is phenomenal. Be prepared to get down and dirty with that fish head. The meat around the collarbone of a fish are some of the fattiest, tastiest stuff on the fish. Imagine tons of toro, but on the head. Definitely needs to be shared though. 3 people is ideal.They've wised up and have cut back on the amount of fish they put in the rolls. The rolls are now pretty standard sized, with not that much fish in them. The rice is well done, but it's no longer remotely close to a good deal.Also started charging corkage fees (no big deal, just wanted to clarify what I had down before).So... sorry Fukuda. I like you, I like your personnel (although service can be pretty darn slow), and I like the concept. But that can only get you so far.
5	Tremendous food service all good despite others opinions. Had dinner  for 4 brought in 3 bottles of wine had an infinite variety of spectacular dishes for 188 bucks. Service was excellent  I'd highly recommend
4	I am very impressed with this place.  First, it's small and there was only one server - at one point every table was full and there were people at the bar - still, we never felt neglected at all.  The food is wonderful.  Sure, this isn't the cheapest sushi in town but it is top notch.  Best spicy tuna roll I've ever had - and I try those everywhere.  There was a wonderful salmon roe with quail egg that was just luscious.  Grilled edamame?  Yes please.  Best I've ever had, and edamame is another snack I always order and use as a compass.  I was part of a party of 5; we ordered a bunch of sushi and several other dishes (ramen, ponzu duck and pork belly to name a few. )I'm bummed we didn't try the fish head. I didn't leave stuffed to the gills, and frankly I think that's something we should all get more used to.  I was satisfied and nothing was wasted.  The 5 of us spent about $140, which for the quality of the dishes I thought was completely reasonable.  I emailed to get reservations, and the next day Fukuda sent me an email asking about our experience.  I can't tell you how much I appreciated that follow up.  I highly recommend giving this place a shot, just be sure to not be in a rush and you won't regret it.
3	Condensed review: Everything I've had was well-prepared, flavorful and delicious.  I've had the ramen, barbecued stick chicken, grilled edamame and sushi rolls.  The staff is very nice.And now for the reason for just an A-ok rating.  The main problem is the price point of the items.  I'll pay for great food, but it's not like this place is in Manhattan.  The decor is eclectic, cool, but still don't seem refined even for shabby chic.  The other main problem is that the service can be sloooooow.  I live within walking distance and they quoted me at 10 minutes.  We didn't get our food until a minimum of 20 minutes after we arrived (about 12 minutes later.)  My gf thought we were forgotten, but that could not have been possible since there were only 6 diners in the place.  I love seeing new restaurants with great food coming into my neighborhood,  But unless the price point decreases by around 20-25%, I can't see it lasting more than a year.  I will likely go check out other places instead of ordering here.  But if they did change it, I could see it flourishing with line outside.
4	Really enjoyed my dining experience here. At first staff could not fit our party so they offered to set us all up outside and when a space opened up inside they were so kind to offer to move us all back inside! Lovely service by the host. Food was seasoned spectacularly and I enjoyed the cold tofu, edamame ( get the smoked sea salt) as well as the veggie skewers and a small order of avocado sushi (am a vegetarian). Beware- portions are small- you probably have to order 3-4 things or even 5-6 things if you are a guy. But the quality and taste are worth it.
3	I went here for restaurant week. They had a 4 course special that included salad, sushi, fish, and dessert. Overall, the meal was amazing. Everything tasted great and was super fresh, but there wasn't a whole lot there for $35 and that was the special pricing for restaurant week. We also got a salmon avocado roll that what disappointing and took 52 MINUTES! EEEEK. We actually got our dessert 25 minutes before we got the sushi roll. For having 3 other tables and 4 people at the sushi bar, this was a little annoying! The roll itself was fresh but super tiny and overpriced. The bathroom was nice when we first got there (remember we were there for almost 2 hours UGH), but when I went in right before I left it was DISGUSTING!!! ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew! I might get takeout from here again, but I don't think I will be dining in.
1	Possibly the worst experience I have had at a restaurant. Our wait or disappeared mid dinner and we had to ask to get served again. The sushi is dull. They played rap songs. Waited 20 minutes for our check after we have it to the waitress. We ordered 2 rolls and was charged for 3, a ten dollar roll was the roll added on. Extremely hipster and not authentic sushi.
4	Read through mixed reviews but decided to give this place a try for a friends birthday not really knowing what to expect. Byob is great, service was attentive and our waiter was really nice about setting the expectation things come as they're ready. Loved the food. About $50 total for two people and we basically split about 7 things on the menu. Left not full but not uncomfortably and had a great time chatting that was complimented by some great flavors and very fresh sushi.
2	I had a lot of fun with the owner and sushi chef when they were operating the little counter out front. Super nice, healthy sense of humor, made me special sushi. When they opened the restaurant, I was excited. But then I saw they used foie gras in a butter with one of their dishes. I asked the chef about sourcing, and he said he wasn't sure about the conditions the ducks lived in. I have a personal policy to not eat anywhere that serves foie gras or veal, since the animals are raised so abusively except when restaurants source conscientiously. So, we talked a little about that, I thanked them, and ate somewhere else. I would love to see Fukuda voice a policy to not serve foie gras or veal, or to voice a policy to choose humane sources! Would love to be able to eat here again.
4	Best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh.  I'm surprised people have commented that it's overpriced, I thought it was reasonable for the quality.  A small BYOB, it's a great find.
3	I ordered a spider roll, a lobster roll and Uni. The rolls tastes delicious, especially a spider roll. A fried soft crab in the roll was fresh and crispy. But for Uni, it tasted fishy, not fresh when I had it. Maybe you have to ask a waiter about its quality before order it.
5	Went here for my boyfriend's birthday and it was a wonderful experience! i tweeted to them beforehand because I'm not a huge sushi fan and I was afraid I wasn't going to find anything I like. They were reassuring and told me they'd alert the chef.When we arrived, they had reserved a seat for us in front of the chef so he could guide me in my selections. He talked me through the kinds of fish I would like and wow, I loved everything he made for me. My boyfriend tried the ToroFest and said it was amazing. I don't think Ive ever seen him so happy with his meal. No, this is not the fastest place to eat. There is one man crafting your meal and the presentation is beautiful. But the place is small so the staff is easy to flag down to place another order. My water glass was never empty. Come here to enjoy the experience, enjoy your company and relax.
3	bottom line review :   good but way over-priced .   this is hipster-kitsch sushi dining .
5	This place is FRESH! The freshest fish around! I was here for a special Yelp event and got to watch the chef fillet a fish that was delivered less than two hours prior. What a treat! I also got to sample tuna sushi and spicy tuna maki. Both were delicious. We were also served an arugula salad and edamame. Both on point! The edamame was lightly seasoned and the salad dressing was fresh and also very light. I'd recommend this place to anyone looking for something a sushi place that is a little different. Although they prepare a lot of your typical rolls,this place is all about traditional sushi. This isn't the place to go if you want specialty rolls drenched in tempura and sauces. This place wants you to taste the fish! and you should, because it's so so good!Prices are pretty typical. I'm used to paying around $6 for a spicy tuna and here they charged $7.5, but at the other places, I don't know how fresh or good the tuna really is. At Fukuda, I know I'm getting top of the line fish, so the extra $1.5 is well spent. The menu changes frequently and is based on what fish is available.
4	How could I not have written a review before now of one of my favorite sushi restaurants??From the very minute you walk through the door you are transported to Japan--less anyone Japanese working behind the sushi bar.  You are greeted in a formal Japanese-style when you walk through the door, the chefs are working away vigorously at various beautiful cuts of fish and other delicacies that I am not so sure I could even name.  I had a great conversation about the importance of the various "sides" that go on the plate, and the fact that it's so disappointing to the chef that many people choose not to eat them--they're missing some of the great flavors!  The late-night Okonomiyaki is what they're probably most famous for and definitely something you shouldn't miss if you can stay up that late.  Best part is they're open until I think 2 AM how can you go wrong with that?   I highly recommend.
3	First off, let me say that I'm glad this place exists in bloomfield as the only other passable alternative to Umi, and that I will update this review after I've experienced it again.Place is comfortable and small for a sushi place.  I came here with a friend who isn't very experienced so we decided to order rolls rather than straight fish, however I did get an order of Otoro, which was silghtly steep at $18 for two slices.  Rolls were great, the spicy tuna was actually spicy which is a refreshing change.  The Otoro wasn't as buttery as I expected and the temperature of the fish was distracting- it was way too cold in the center and cool near the edges.  When temperature is so important for just two pieces of fish like this, I would have expected it to be perfect.Service was great up until the end of the meal.  She was thorough in explaining the menu.  We had ordered something that she suggested (one of the more expensive box rolls at the bottom of the menu) but it came out as a square of rice with a thin sliver of yellowtail on top.  Neither my buddy nor I are particularly fond of yellowtail, especially on a huge hunking wad of rice, so we let her know.  She proceeded to suggest that we "take the fish off and just eat everything else" which I was floored by.  Did... she just tell me to eat rice balls?  We didn't eat any of it, and got no compensation back.All things considered, this place is passable, but I will be back for the omakase which is offered in 3 tiers.  $65 for 4-6 courses, $85 for 5-8 courses, and $100+ for "sit down and the chef throws fish at you until you say stop"
4	Very fresh fish, creative preparations, friendly and competent wait staff, BYOB.
5	Amazing authentic and intricate dishes.. Best Japanese venue in the burgh. Fish is fresh and rich. Will definitely be coming back, I was blown away!
4	Really delicious sashimi. Beautiful presentation. I imagine the price is directly correlated to the fact that they get fish in regularly rather than once a week. Well worth a visit.
5	Hands down, the best sushi in Pittsburgh, and actually the best sushi I have had period.  TJ, the chef, is amazing and super passionate about the food.  Do yourself a favor and sit at the bar and get the Omakase, where the chef just prepares for you based on whats fresh, you will leave totally stuffed and so satisfied.  Not only is the food amazing, but the people that work there are great and tons of fun. Have a sense of humor and bring yourself plenty of wine and sake to go with your meal.  Don't miss the late night service on Fridays and Saturdays.  I usually eat here at least once a week, sometimes, if Im lucky, two!  Truly a hidden gem in Pittsburgh.
3	I have visited for dinner and also late night. I have to warn that the late night experience was one of the worst I've ever had! My friends and I waited for nearly three hours and only got two out of the six items we ordered. Eventually we had to tell the server that it was time to leave. He did not really communicate that he saw this as an issue, so maybe this is the norm for late night? I was very disappointed because I had previously enjoyed the spot for dinner. So, late night never again, but possibly another visit for dinner. The food is incredible and very fresh!
3	- The sushi was incredibly fresh & top notch as agreed upon by everyone in our party- the best sushi we've ever had. - The atmosphere/decor leaves a lot to be desired- with how good the food is (& what their prices are), they could try a little harder (and put some cushions down on their hard benches- our tushes were not happy at the end of our meal!)- We could tell our server was new & everyone has to learn so we gladly cut him some slack on not quite knowing what everything on the menu was.- Our biggest qualm was that it took FOREVER for our food to come out and it was a Thursday early evening with not that many people in the restaurant so that was a little strange. Overall, a good place to go if you want really good sushi but I think there's still lot of room for improvement as an establishment as a whole.
5	Hands down the freshest fish in any sushi restaurant. With byob it's hard to tell how they turn a profit.
5	It isn't enough to come in and call Fukuda my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh, and it isn't enough to say that I haven't had such an experience of fresh sushi or perfectly paired small plates anywhere else--I've been going to Fukuda for months, and yet I always get stuck when thinking about what to write for a review.I've never asked for anything at Fukuda. I've yet to order off the menu a la carte, and I wouldn't have it any other way.Buy a bottle of liquor or wine or a six pack of beer, walk in with a friend or two, and sit at the sushi bar for an omikase. Yes, it's a bit expensive, but you're eating out and it's probably the best fish in the city. Pour your first glass and sit back and hang out.You'll refill your drink as your first course comes out, and savor the combination of introductory tastes. Refill your drink, eat some ginger, and let the rest of the meal fall into place. Fukuda is a place to relax. It's my favorite place to hang out. I don't come in expecting to leave anytime soon, I don't mind if it takes a moment for my food to get to me, and the staff is never apprehensive to have a nice conversation or refill my glass.The fois gras sushi that ended a portion of my omikase was stupid good, not to downplay the savory mushroom custard, the wagyu beef with wasabi mashed potatoes, the various cuts of tuna, or even the unbelievable black sesame creme brulee at the end of the meal.This review is hardly enough. You should save up some funds and check out Fukuda; the place reviews itself.
5	I just saw the news on their website - it's been a while since we've been in, due to other factors, but I sincerely hope that Fukuda will be back in full force soon, and especially so if they can continue on with the Izakaya theme rather than just straight up sushi. Yes, price point will also be important, but we really did enjoy the positive energy, conviction, and optimism that the staff served up with their dishes... Definitely keep that. Best of luck to you Fukuda-ites!!! Mata-ne!
5	Fantastic high quality fish and preparation. They're moving locations as of October 2014. Stay tuned for the new location.
1	Fukuda is closed. It's now Lomito, a South American restaurant. @lomitotruck.........
