4	I went this past weekend with a couple of friends and really loved their desserts.  We tried a couple of them, the Red Velvet cake was my favorite (Scarlet Letter).  Because they just opened two weekends ago Im still giving them 4 stars because of their potential but they have to work out a couple of things...our waitress didnt know what they were out of (we ordered 3 different things before we finally got one that they had while our waitress was going back and forth to the kitchen), she didnt know how to close out a tab at a table and at the bar at the same time and the music was kind of inbetween too loud and too quiet...I think they need to figure out if they want people to lounge and hang out or dance...Other than this the dessert was great, loved the music selection, the drinks were pretty well made and the employees nice.
5	It's a Dessert Bar. My girlfriend loves Dessert. I love alcohol (Bar). So, it's pretty easy for us to like this place. We went on Thursday after dinner and were pretty impressed by the whole place. It was pretty chic, sleek, modern and swanky. We liked the seating options, we sat in the tall booth-like seating along the wall,  It was comfy and had high back so if you lean back your head still hits cushion and not a hard wall. The booth-like seating was nice so couples can sit together.We even enjoyed the music selection, i don't know what you'd call it, but it wasn't loud and obnoxious. There was a musician tuning up to play, but we ended up leaving before he finally started performing.  Now to the dessert...it seemed like a pretty good variety of dessert, we were hoping for a bigger selection of chocolate choices, but the one that we chose may as well be the only thing on the menu because it was so damn good. The Victorian was a chocolate cake, with chocolate mousse between layers and a rich chocolate icing (almost fudge like). Now to the drinks...A good selection. Being a cheapass when it comes to drinks, i was happy that they had some drinks at half price. Not sure if it is a regular thing, or just happened to be on that night. But, we tried 3 martinis. Martini is not my typical drink so i just tried some that were in the 1/2 off section. My special lady friend ranked them as so: 1. Fatal Attraction - really tasty, didn't seem very alcohol filled. 2. Mojito Martini - good taste, easy to drink, 3. Banana Cream Pie (?) - Thick, wasn't as tasty.Normal price was $9 for these martinis. They had some wine 1/2 off, but they didn't have a list.  The service was attentive. Cost of the desserts was around 7 or 8 dollars. We split the Victorian and it was plenty after just having eaten dinner. They do indeed have a few things to iron out, but based on the dessert and atmosphere they earn a 5 star rating.
5	All I can say is that I will be going back and eventually will try everything from the hookah to the the key lime pie, again! Great ambiance, cool setup, great service, swank music, and did I even get to the excellent desserts. They have an extensive selection of alcohol and a very nice 4 pages worth of deserts. Also some appetizers
4	Mmmmmm, delicious.  However, who serves cupcakes, cakes, and other desserts without having milk or soy available??!! I've never heard of such a thing.They have plenty of other types of beverages, but again, no milk or soy. The coffee isn't that great either.So enough with the beverages, that's not why you go there. The desserts are a treat for the eyes and for the tastebuds. You will definitely get your sugar fix in this upscale establishment. I went here on my anniversary and our cupcakes came out with sparklers on top. They sure know how to add a little happiness to the night. I was so impressed by the desserts I brought my family when they came to visit. It's definitely a place to impress others!
4	Really "cool", "laid back" atmosphere at Crave.  I have been a few times with groups of friends.  The drinks are quite pricey, which for me was a disappointment, however having 10 friends sitting on couches passing around the Hooka was super cool and a great time was had by all.  I have recommended Crave to a lot of people around the Charlotte Area.
4	My first time at Crave was definitely a fun time. I heard about it through some friends and decided to check it out for myself on Wednesday.  It had a good atmosphere, really laid back. The service was great.  Our server sat down with us at the couch and was really friendly.  The drinks and desserts were tasty! I got the Sweet Surrender martini and the red velvet cake.  Definitely a place worth checking out.
4	After a fantastic dinner Uptown, we decided to wander over to Crave to check it out to and try some dessert.  It's tucked away near the Cotton Mills apartments and CANS.  The atmosphere inside was great.  Very modern and, for lack of a better word, "hip."  The space was very open with brick walls, low-lighting, and large windows.  I could tell it was a great hangout spot and a place to see and be seen. There were no tables available, so we headed to an open spot at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly and, of course, very scantily clad.  We asked for drink and dessert menus.  There was definitely a great selection to choose from.  We first ordered drinks -- $12 martinis.  Yikes!  I wanted something sweet, so our bartender recommended the "Clean Slut."  It was Pear Vodka, pear puree, Apple Pucker and pineapple juice.  She was right.  It was fantastic, but at $12, one was my limit.  Now, mind you, I would have rather have had the drink called the "Dirty Slut," just for kicks, but its ingredients were not my thing.  So I went with the Clean Slut, but called it a Dirty Slut.  Their dessert menu offered cheesecake, cupcakes, cake, etc.  We decided to split a cheesecake and went with the Caramel Pecan Turtle.  Our server/bartender came back and told us that they were out of that one.  So we ordered a Southern Comfort Pecan Praline.  Minutes later she came back and told us they were out of that one, too.  Hmmm...  A dessert place with no dessert?  At $8 a pop, you'd think they'd make enough to be able to sell, don't you think?  We chose a third one (Bananas Foster) and kept our fingers crossed.  This one came through.  It came nicely presented in a small dome shape (instead of your typical slice), with the drizzles and banana slices all over it.  It was definitely delicious, but at $8 a scoop, it, too, was a little pricey.  We definitely enjoyed our experience at Crave Dessert Bar, but would have liked to have stayed longer to relax, if it weren't for the extreme prices.  At that rate, I can only afford a drink and dessert or two drinks, and then I'm outta there.
4	This bar is cool for Charlotte (meaning I prob wouldn't go here if it was in a city like SF, or NYC).  I think the neighborhood is kind of shady though. It's actually on Graham in the ally after 5th, so someone should change the address on here.The decor seems like they were trying to make it look cool but ran out of money to really make a statement. It has potential though. It's also drafty, but a few drinks will warm you up.I went with a large group of friends and we tried to sit on one of the sofas, but the waitress told us it was bottle service only and $50 an hour. We were ordering drinks and hookah anyway, and it all goes towards the $50 so we sat, but the rule is ridiculous, especially since no one was really there. Note to owner - if there is a large group, they are going to easily spend more than $50 an hour, so there is no need for that minimum...it makes it seem like you have to rent the table and order on top of it. I guess they just don't want people to just sit there, but it is a lounge.The DJ was spinning house but not so loud we couldn't hear each other. The food menu doesn't have anything exciting on it, but the drink menu was interesting, though the prices are high for Charlotte.I had the cheesecake martini which was pretty good, then I ordered a pitcher of white Sangria - good but too much ice. I also got a Pinot Grigio (not good- I gave it away) and a French Martini (excellent). We also got the watermelon hookah (yummy) and spinach dip (it got mixed reviews).I would probably come back for another event, but not sit at the sofas because I don't like how the waiter gave himself double the tip I would have given him.
2	So, this place has great desserts, but is trying WAY too hard to be hip.  It is part of the odd hookah craze which has hit Charlotte, and like it or not, hookah is smoking.  That's right, I said it: it's nasty smoke, indoors, which is supposed to be illegal.  The desserts we ordered were mixed-up and one was forgotten, plus they all tasted like the vile fruit-smoke being puffed all over the place by the poseurs in the corners.  If you are into the "scene," this is the place for you!Here is a quote from a recent article on hookah smoke: "Hookah smoking is a social experience. A group of people usually passes around a shared mouthpiece. Some lounges offer disposable mouthpieces for better hygiene.Many hookah smokers consider the practice less harmful than smoking cigarettes. That's in a study by the American Lung Association."This is troubling from a public health perspective," the American Lung Association says in a briefing. Evidence shows that hookah smoking has many of the same risks as cigarette smoking. It has been linked to many of the same diseases caused by cigarette smoking.Water pipe smoking delivers nicotine. That is the addictive drug found in cigarettes. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) say water pipe smoke is as toxic as cigarette smoke. The way hookah is used -- deep inhaling, frequent puffing and long smoking sessions -- may deliver more toxins than cigarette smoking.A typical one-hour hookah session involves inhaling 100 to 200 times the volume of smoke inhaled from a single cigarette. That's according to studies cited by the CDC.Users are at higher risk for various types of cancer, reduced lung function and fertility problems. The CDC says hookah is not a safe alternative to smoking.Almost a half a million Americans die prematurely each year from using tobacco and being exposed to secondhand smoke. That's nearly one in five deaths."The link to the full article is below:http://www.wbay.com/story/19796390/the-harmful-effects-of-hookah
4	Nice place to go and relax.  We visited after dinner for desert and really enjoyed the atmosphere and the deserts. I went with the Chocalote cake (yep - worth it) and we also got the cupcakes, 4 different kinds and they all where top notch.They have several different types of seating either couches, bar tables or another area. There is a little dance floor (we where there on Sunday night so not much dancing).Crave is definitely on the list of must visit again for either an adult beverage or cake! Maybe even both ;)
3	Be careful what you decide to Crave when heading to this dessert bar.  I went on a Sunday at 6:00 and the cupcakes were sold out.  Was there with a large party and after 2 of us ordered the Berry Berry Wild dessert, the 3rd person was told they were out of that too.Now before I get to the reason I still gave 3 stars.  The Berry dessert did not come as described.  It came topped with crisp type crumble instead of baked biscuit.  I ate about 1/4 and couldn't even taste the berries over the topping so I stopped.  Julia's child chocolate mousse was given a go by another lady at our table, only improvement would be darker chocolate instead of milk chocolate.  New Yorker cheesecake seemed to fit the bill, being true to lacking the sweet taste of other cheesecakes and got 2 thumbs up by those that ordered it.  The martinis are typical in price around $11 but there were mixed reviews on the Chocolate Cocaine due to excessive sweetness.Now the three stars.  The decor, seating arrangement (including some outdoor seating) is very inviting.  Makes you want to stay, relax and enjoy.  Also, if I had to choose between stale dessert or no dessert I take the later.  Hopefully they can work out the balance in prepping fresh food.The sliders also looked great and that was confirmed for all varieties.  The Grilled Chicken seemed to get the best review.  I'm going back for another scheduled event and plan to order the chicken in order to confirm or deny the evaluation.  I'm not sure if the team there is just half in half out or if they are truly trying to find their niche and make it work but it looks like they posted a 1/2 priced martini Weds for ladies and given the on-going events I'm sure I'll find myself with a craving from time to time.
4	Friendly staff and cool lounge atmosphere.  The hookah was fun and easy to use.  Stiff drinks too.
4	Went to Crave for a mini-celebration last night and had a very nice experience.First off the place is very cool - swanky modern lounge feel. Sit in a cozy booth or a comfy couch or a high top table. The lighting is low and romantical ....perfect for a first date....and they even have Hookah!   The specials for Tues night were $5 mojitos and $15 pitchers of sangria (red or white) - I am a sucker for both  so I was immediately excited. We went for the Red Sangria- Which is a kick butt deal - we both were able to get  4-5 glasses each so this wasn't some little carafe- and it was quite tasty! Our sweet tooth's being aptly satisfied by the drinks we went with a savory appetizer to split. The crab cakes were served on a bed of spring mix salad with a very spicy yet-delicious remoulade. The crab cakes were not just filling but actual meat, and the flavor was excellent. The plate came with three medium sized cakes so it was fairly filling as well.I will definitely come again because we did not even tip the iceberg here - the menu is HUGE almost to a fault (Mrs. Indecisive here).
5	just genius. fantastic desserts with a lot of great variety to make it different than any other place. plus the fact it's also a bar with some great specials like $20 bottomless wine Thursdays you can't lose. well prepared desserts and the best part I was able to order milk...and soy milk too!
2	Like others have said, it's all about timing with this place. I went on a Sunday night around 6P and they were already out of cupcakes. Um, Sunday is 1/2 price cupcake day and the waiter said they ran out on Saturday night so that perplexed me a bit. Do they make them there, have them delivered, can't they walk over to the Teet and get some cupcakes and pass them off as their own? I would have enjoyed them either way but still the whole notion of no cupcakes threw me off and I don't think our server liked me asking why they were out b/c he started to get a little snippy right after that. I am all for one snark but when you're working for tips and in the service industry, that may not be a good idea.I went with the Combination Slider platter-one mini beef burger, one grilled chicken and one crab cake slider. It was good but not anything to write home about. I had the hummus platter last time I went and wish I would've ordered that again. I think the idea of Crave is great-a dessert bar with food, drinks, hookah in a lounge-y atmosphere.  I was going to give this place 3 Stars since I love the atmosphere and idea of it but gave it 2 Stars due to the service I've had the times I've gone there. If I am drinking something adult like, please don't ignore me. Please keep stopping by to need a refill, 95% chance is I do.
3	I have mixed reviews about this place.  My first experience was good.  I did have trouble locating the bar because it isn't directly off of 5th.  It is around the corner from CANS.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere.  It has modern decor, and everything seemed very hip.  I did not have any of the desserts but I did sample a few martinis.  They were all very yummy although not very strong.  If I'm paying $11 per drink, I like to get my money's worth!I decided to go back with some friends.  I was told that you needed reservations on Fridays and Saturdays.  I called on Friday at 9PM to make a 10PM reservation.  I was told they were no longer taking reservations, and that when I got there I would be placed on a waiting list.  I asked how long the wait was - and she mysteriously replied "I can't tell you."  I laughed, in an UM, are you serious?? kind of way, and said "Can you tell me if it's like 10 minutes or an hour?"  She placed me on hold and when she returned I heard her asking a manager.  Who also said to tell me that she cannot tell me how long the wait is.  Needless to say, I was pretty irritated.  We didn't go there that night, and I don't plan to return in the near future.  My time is just as important as anyone else's.  I really didn't appreciate that BS.
3	Suffers from the typical Charlotte attitude of trying to be uuuuuber hip, which is nearly enough to keep me away.  Even so, it's a dessert bar.  What am I going to do - ignore it completely?They were hardcore about checking IDs, and the hostess looked at us skeptically when we said we didn't have a reservation.  Sure, it was Friday night, but it was only 8:00, and, in case anyone has forgotten, it's Charlotte.  She asked if we'd settle for a patio seat, and we looked back at her as if she were crazy.  Of COURSE we'd prefer a patio.Once we were sufficiently seated, the experience vastly improved.  Our server was unobtrusive yet attentive.  We ordered a drink each - wine and liquor - and a dessert each.  It's overpriced but about what I expected from a downtown bar trying really hard to be trendy.  The desserts were good.  I had the peach cobbler, and while the peaches were underwhelming, the cobbler and crumbly topping were buttery and surprisingly salty.  I enjoyed it but couldn't finish it, in the end.The patio was pleasant, with the exception of the occasional motorcycle roaring by.  Excellent people watching, as we got a full view of every group of stilletto-ed girls tottering towards the entrance.I'm not sure I'll go often, simply because it's not really my scene.  But if I'm in the mood for a fancy dessert and a glass of wine, it'll do fine.
3	Wow. i did not recall giving a 5-star to Crave. Sometimes i tend to get a little generous with stars when a place is brand new. After several more trips at busier times with varying levels of service, my martini goggles have worn off and i can't say i crave it quite so much. Although, the Victorian would hit the spot right now or pretty much anytime..
5	I had a crazy good time at Crave Dessert Bar. I didn't expect to like it so much. I think I've finally gotten over the hump where trendiness bothered me. 10 years ago, I was all about the hot spot. Maybe 5 years ago, I was too old to enjoy the coolness of the coolest places anymore, but young enough to be intrigued by them still. Now that I'm comfortably in my 30s, I show up at the super-trendy night club at 7 PM, eat a pile of cupcakes, and then go home before the hipsters arrive. It was a lovely night!I had 2 cupcakes, and my husband had the strawberry shortcake. The strawberry shortcake was better than my cupcakes, but the cupcakes were pretty good, too. I got the Red Devil and one with ginger in it...I can't remember its kitschy name. At the end of our time there, I felt a little too sticky-sweet...sweet cupcakes, sweet drinks...sweet sweet sweet.I think this would be the perfect place for a bachelorette party or a birthday...as a matter of fact, I'm planning on taking a friend there soon to celebrate her birthday.
2	Came in on a Sunday night when they are supposed to have half priced upcakes, so we picked out what we wanted and the waitress told us they only have three flavors left. So we ordered the turtle cheesecake, not impressed!!! We were spliting it and itwas the size of the palm of my hand!! For $9, way too much money for that!So we decided we were going to order whatever cupcake they had left asked her what they had and she said "we like really don't have anything left" I said you don't have anything? She said wellll we have like strawberry. Way to sell your products. No thanks asked for a check and won't be coming back bc the the waitress wasn't good either!! Next time try and have the food on the menu Crave.
3	So I went to Crave again on Friday...I wasn't as pleased this time around.My friend insisted that last time she was told to make reservations - so she did so this time around. She was told at first that they were all booked but then suddenly was able to secure a table for 5. I am not sure what the fuss was all about since it really wasn't that busy....anyway they didn't have any specials - I suppose typical for a Friday night. I thought a special may encourage people to come in and try some new cocktails...I always  think it's a good idea for a newer business that isn't in the heart of downtown to do this. I wasn't feeling like a martini so I opted for a trusty glass of prosecco - $7. They only had one to choose from and needless to say it probably cost $7 a bottle- not so yummy. I had a sip of a couple different martinis ~$12 each. I enjoyed the Creamsicle one but didn't care for the Sweet Surrender or this Passion Fruit/White chocolate concoction. I then had a glass of Sangria $8 - which wasnt as fresh tasting as last time. I wouldn't get that again. I felt the drinks tasted a bit on the weak side especially for the cost. My friend attempted to order several desserts- many of which she was told they were out of. A dessert bar out of chocolate ice cream and chocolate mousse -come on...A) it's the weekend be prepared B) It's 9pm- early for a chocolate BAR....Harris Teeter is on 5th- send someone out! Overall we decided not to stay too long- they needed some live music or specials or terrific drinks....I would stick to a weekday- they seem to be more on top of their game then.
3	As other people have said in previous reviews, Crave has a great ambiance about it. With exposed brick walls, low lighting, and board games to play (we chose Connect 4 and Chess) it's a chic yet comfy place to take a date or have a girls night out.That is, if they weren't out of half the menu.We got there on Sunday around 9pm and the place definitely had a crowd, yet they were out of of 3 cheesecakes (of 6), all cupcakes (of 8 kinds), and 4 other desserts. She didn't say it but the waitress might have well of come out with it: "Hey guys, welcome to Crave - you get to pick from scraps". So disappointing since we'd enjoyed their petites on the Fourth Ward Home Tour just earlier that day and that's why my date chose to take me there (for the record, they don't sell the petites or any of the cookies and pastries they had on the tour - no clue why they'd do that, but I was disapointed since I was searching for those petites again!).I did order a martini (for $11, OUCH!) called The Thin Mint and it was ultra boozey but fun.  We split the New York Plain cheesecake and it was very good - light but rich, with strawberry puree below it (not syrupy and sugary, just puree) .One thing we didn't realize about this place is that they serve Hookas indoors - since we're avid non smokers, that was the nail in the coffin that we'd not go back, but I know that's attractive to other people so I thought I'd mention it!So the bottom line? Great cheesecake, cool environment, overpriced and for whatever reason, not prepared at all!
1	Great ambiance? My half blind grandmother could put together better low lighting with ikea lights than this place.  $11 cocktails with well alchohol? Do I look 15 to you, that you think I cant tell the difference between a plastic bottle of vodka and a vodka that should be in a cocktail that merits an $11 price tag?  I've been to many of the great "cocktail" bars in many different cities (The Whistler in Chicago being the best).  Worst of all, we leave there after sitting in a corner booth on a not busy night, my girlfriend realizes she forgot her phone there and we return not 5 minutes later and the phone is mysteriously "missing" yet the same lighter she had in her purse is sitting conveniently on the bar. right. I recommend never going to this place, I'm sure I could probably get a better drink in prison
2	So my father in law bought a deal off of Living Social a while back and it was burning a proverbial hole in the pocket.  Five of us went tonight, and it was decent, but definitely not all that.  It's a modern, trendy sleek, place and is definitely geared toward the young Charlotte trendy see and be seen crowd.  We only had dessert, but they gave us only 1 menu for 5 people, so we each had to peruse it before ordering, which took a while.  It took a little bit for our server to get our drinks, and took a while for her to come back to take our order.  From that time to the dessert coming out actually didn't take very long.  Everything was ok, except for dried bananas on my bananas foster cheesecake.  I hate dried bananas - they are full of sulfites and preservatives and have the texture of gravel stones.  They brought the bill and ran it but forget to take off the discount, so that also had to be redone.  This place is an interesting concept, but needs improvement, especially when the service is slow and they are charging $8 for something that comes with dried bananas.  The only good thing is it's on the outskirts of uptown and has a free parking deck.  Oh, and 14 (soon to be 15) filtered reviews is a lot.
1	Was excited to visit this place because I love desserts and dessert drinks.  My husband invited a group of people to meet us there after dinner. My sister in law and I walked right in, but my husband and a friend were stopped and told they were not within the dress code. My husband wore jeans, a sweater and dress shoes and was both confused and irritated; we have been to lounges and places  in Hollywood with him dressed the same way and have never encountered a dress code problem.  To make matters worse, when my husband pointed out that there was a "fairer skinned" person right before us, who was let in wearing a T-shirt, the manager simply said, "To imply that I am a racist is ridiculous." He then told us to leave and later threatened to call the police.  This type of treatment was extremely disappointing; and to think, I thought Charlotte was considered the "New South."
2	Cute atmosphere.  We started off with the sliders and sad to say the little miny buns were hard as a ROCK!.  Wine is served in stemless glasses - which is a NO-NO.  Ordered the passion fruit creme brulee and it was ok.  Overall, a 3 for OK.  Wasn't wowed, but may give them a second chance.  Sorry to do this, but I have to go with a 2-star for this place. Over-rated.
1	I have been to this place twice. The first experience was not that bad so I decided to go back with a different group of friends on a wednesday. Not only their martinis are PURE JUICE but the service is horrendous! Besides the fact that there is only ONE bar attendant on their SPECIAL NIGHT, the "so called" owner (i hope he really is not because someone who have the minimum experience on how to run a place cannot treat their customers like this) made us wait for ever for a table and yelled at us because we sat down at a table that was not cleaned just yet from the last customers that (mind you) left more than 30 mins ago... terrible place to have a chill night...or any night.
3	More of a lounge than anything but good place to meet people and mingle
4	The first time I went to Crave was a few months back after my wife had gone with a friend, and we've been hooked ever since! We've had two birthday celebrations there as well, one time at a table for a friend and the second time on a couch for my wife (highly recommend the couch seating if available!) and had a blast both times. There hasn't been a visit that we didn't have a really good time, and our once a month outing has turned into twice a month because of it!The place is trendy and very comfortable in a fun way... accoridingly it does get busy on the weekends (we tend to go on Friday or Thursday) and reservations on Saturday or for larger groups on Friday are a MUST. One time we ended up appearing on the weekend without a rez and sat at the bar. Our bartenders were very friendly, offered suggestions for drinks and even custom mixed a few off the menu. Great selections with fun NC-17 names! My favorite drinks are the martinis and the Carolina Coffee, with the "Dirty ___" martini with bleu cheese stuffed olives takking the lead as my all time favorite. Friends of ours are big fans of the frothing potion-like "One Night Stand" house special... which is extra strong, yummy in spite of the alcohol content and makes for great impromptu phone pics!The food has always been excellent, but usually we are there for the desserts (if you're having the cupcakes, try the Buttercup!). This past visit last night, we had dinner and likewise found it to be delicious.In our experience, their service has been great, from the servers, bartenders, Phil stopping by to check up on us, and even the weekend valet guy, who now recognizes us begining after only a few visits. We HIGHLY recommend it!
3	Good desserts.  Great wine.  Our server Hook(ah)-ed us up with some great suggestions and we were having a great time.   Can't give a review of the decor inside, tho. I was not able to get in the building because my $40 sandals were still sandals and thats a no-no on the floor.  Had to eat in the outside seating. Will try again sometime soon with appropriate footwear and adjust rating as necessary.
3	Cool concept, just too dang pricy for my taste.
3	My first and only experience with Crave Dessert Bar was extremely disappointing.  We got there around 7pm on a Tuesday night and weren't able to leave until after 10pm because the service was so poor.  It was very difficult to get anyone's attention.  Our glasses were empty most of that time and we were sitting at the bar. Lauryn C and I started off with the Dirty Slut Martini's.  These were pretty good because they were dirty and each had 4 (4!) blue cheese stuffed olives. I switched to a red sangria which was delicious and served with lots of fruit and lemons and limes in the glass.  And, my last drink was a glass of prosecco with a slice of strawberry served on the glass and this too was perfect.  The drinks are the reason why I gave this place 3 stars only.  But, keep in mind, I'm very close to giving it two.  For dinner we ordered the pork tenderloin sliders and the crab cakes.  I was very disappointed with the sliders and while the crab cakes were better, they weren't all that.  The good news is that they served 3 very large crab cakes with lots of crab so it makes the dish worth the money, I guess. We had initially ordered two desserts to try but after 30 mins we were told that they were never served because they were out of one of the dishes.  So, we went with the one -- double decker strawberry shortcake with cheesecake.  While I though the presentation was definitely lacking, the dessert was tasty.  It wasn't outstanding and I didn't understand why it wasn't served with fresh strawberries.  But, you can't go wrong with cheesecake layered on the bottom of anything.  I do want to mention that I liked the ambience.  It's lounge-like atmosphere is moody and comfortable.  The many hookah's make the air smell like fruit which I like.  If you do decide to check out Crave for the first time, stick with their extensive drink menu.  There were two girls sitting next to us and they frequent the bar for their dessert martini's.  I would probably choose one of those over a dessert if I were to ever go again.
3	We went on a Sunday night and had to bring the kids (7yrs and 10yrs).  We were rushing to get to Crave because we had bought 2 of the Living Social coupons and had $80 to spend before the expiration, 3/2/11.  With $80 to spend, we spent freely. I had read the reviews before we went so I was a little anxious about bringing the kids and the slow service. We got to Crave about 6:30pm. For a Sunday night, there were more people there than I expected. There was no problem having the kids with us. They have games to play (connect 4, chess, UNO and Taboo). We played the first 3 games as we ordered and ate. We ordered the Strawberry & Honey Mojito ($11).  It was very refreshing, we also ordered a regular Mojito ($9) which was a bit strong.  We both liked the Strawberry one better. The kids got diet cokes that are $3 a piece..a little steep for soda. We ordered plain hamburger sliders and asked for the ketchup ($9). The hamburger sliders come with grilled onions and blue cheese, but my kids are don't have that full palate, yet.  Funny thing was they didn't have ketchup, but before it was an issue the manager had already figured the kids wanted ketchup and he ran out and got some.  Nice touch there.  We also ordered the combo slider (hamburger with blue cheese and onions, buffalo chicken and cumin crusted pork tenderloin )($9).  The sliders were very good, though John thought they were on the small side. As a side not on the size, my 7 year old boy ate 4 of the sliders (just with the ketchup) by himself.  So, that's about a $12 kids meal (with not french fries).  We also ordered the flatbread pizza which was chicken and pesto.  Not very flavorful as compared to the sliders.  For dessert we ordered the Victorian Chocolate Cake and two cupcakes (Coco Coco (chocolate) and Vanilla).  The vanilla cup cake was the best!!  Very moist and full of flavor.  The other two desserts were good - not as moist.  I think if you go  try a dessert that you normally don't order - try something different because I saw other desserts that came out that looked very good. (We always order chocolate desserts, but if I go back again..I'll order something different).  All in all, a good place - they are changing their food menu so i will be interested in seeing what they do.  Tidbits - there are no sides with meals (that might change) so don't come if you are starving.  Eat someplace else and come for the desserts.. On Sundays they don't bake so order your dessert first and have them hold it until you are ready.  Again..check the menu as they are changing it and may have more options for meals. I'm giving it 3 stars because the service was a little slow and also because we ordered 2 different desserts and then the server came back and told us they didn't have anymore.  Maybe he should have warned us and told us to order the dessert first.
4	What a wonderful and unique place. Obviously, as the name suggests, they concentrate on desserts. So we went for the s'mores platter. It came out with all the usual fixings and was topped off with an interesting natural setup. A cauldron thingy of actual fire for you toast the marshmellos. It was like we at a camp fire inside of a cool modenistic bar. It was such a welcomed change of pace from our usual night out. I really wanted to try something from the extensive cupcake menu but we never got around to it. Hooka hooka hooka!! This was my first hooka bar and it was awesome. Who mixes hooka and dessert?? This place does and they rock at it. We got the peach tobacco and loved every minute. So smooth and truly enjoyable. Give this place a try!  Enjoy!-Ian M.
2	Let's start this review positively - Crave is a great concept - an upscale dessert bar - featuring tapas, drinks, and of course dessert.  The atmosphere is quite nice...and at first the service seemed to be on par.  My dirty martini was outstanding.Now for the negative..a great concept executed terribly (yes I'm pouting) - even after reading all the poor reviews I still really wanted to like this place.  The food was mediocre, the service took a turn for the worse after the initial cocktail served...and dessert (this is a dessert bar right?) Not only was the dessert we ordered disappointing, it came 40 minutes after we ordered it and we were then told they didn't have the other dessert that we ordered at all.  How can it possibly take 40 minutes to cut a piece of pie....if you are out of menu items tell your staff so they can let the customer know from the beginning.   At the end of the night we waited another half hour to get our check - the place was not that busy and there were three bartenders attending the bar.  I'd like to say it was just an off night and I would give it another try but  I think my first visit will also be my last.
3	We first went to Crave shortly after it opened when we had our engagement party there. I wanted a second experience to make sure the elatioons and libations didn't skew the review.  The ambiance is cool lounge like. My confession: I still see the cooler than school kids smoking the hookah and think it 's illegal and there will be a bust at any moment. Parking can be tricky, and they will tow in the lot across from Graham.Our first visit we had a few small bites, the Victorian chocolate (2/5) and Scarlet Letter red velvet cake (4/5), bananas foster cheesecake, some cupcakes and plenty of drinks. The bananas foster cheesecake was the standout (5/5) and the only one that was crave worthy.  The peanut butter cup cupcake is not as crave-worthy as Priscilla Tsai's recipe on eatmycharlotte.com.  Second visit we had a seasonal peach cobbler (3/5), caramel turtle cheesecake (3/5) and a coconut cupcake (3/5). Hubby and I had a disagreement on the peach crisp because it came encrusted in a small round puff pastry "pie" which he loved and I hated. Luckily the peaches inside were tasty, though not plentiful for a $9 dessert. It's saving grace was the cinnamon ice cream which was good. The cheesecake was, as expected, rich. Though it seemed as if it was refrigerated for a while. The cake of the cupcake had a good flavor but was a little dry / tough. The cream cheese frosting definitely was plentiful and was a bit sweet for my taste. However, it was covered with toasted Coconut which added such a great flavor and texture.The best drinks are the mochatini and chocolate cocaine and on Wednesday's they are half off, so the house is packed. I would suggest making a reservation.The service was comically bad the first time (it is still a joke w/ my friends) where orders were wrong, and the food took forever or was delivered to another table but we still were made to pay. I am delighted to say that our waitress was awesome the second time. She was taking care of half a busy restaurant and was still attentive and friendly.Bottom line: go for drinks and have a dessert if you want one, but quality-wise they don't have the best in class.
3	Reviews about poor service are accurate. Just want to add that the Kitchen closes at 12!!! Hookah is good.
4	I do appreciate any place that has coffee presses.  The cupcakes were good but still looking for the BEST of Charlotte.  My cousin LOVED it.  I would have given 3 and he would have given 5.  SO the 4 wins.  Parking is a slight pain.  Can I repeat...Coffee Press!
3	Crave! Okay, after trying several times to get a weekend reservation (nope, booked solid), I opted for a Thurs night instead. NO waiting, fast service and an inviting setting made the place seem worth the fuss. The waitresses were pleasant (although they seemed over worked if you ask me) and well informed about the menu. This place is 70% lounge, and 30% dessert bar. There's a variety of desserts (but nothing that caught my attention..I was seeking something Chocolate with lots of nuts...and not cheesecake). A good number of customers were indulging in Hookah smoking and others sampling the desserts. Now the food menu, albeit brief, was delicious...yet the items are OVERPRICED! The dessert is overpriced as well, but nonetheless, it calmed my sweet tooth. The crowd was diverse, so that's a huge plus. Parking is tricky, so be careful not to get towed. I rate this place as a medium to high 3. Poor parking options and over priced menu negates giving them a 4 or better score.
3	I really want to love this place... They really need more hot food on the menu. The desserts are limited and standard at best. And it is a good walk from the rest of the uptown area. Went on a slow Sunday right at opening. Rex took good care of us but really needed to give space. Asking "how are we doing?" every 5-10 min just gets old. A good overhaul of their wine list would be a good start. Followed closely by fixing the overly dry cupcakes. Good, but dry. Ask for a glass of milk next time I suppose. Crave could be great just needs a little nudge to get there
5	I live this place, the bar tender joey, is a real ppl person, great specials and laid back type place
3	We went here on a Saturday night for my sister's bachlorette party - we were a group of 6.  It was busy but not super crowded - there was still room at the bar, although most of the tables were taken.Our service was extremely slow - 20 mins to get our first drink and another 15 to get some food (which the bride-to-be desparately needed if we were going to continue our night!)  I mentioned this to our waiter and he said he was just super busy.  We noticed that he was going around to all his tables to take orders, and then would go back to the kitchen instead of putting a few orders in at a time.Luckily, the manager checked in on us and I politely noted the slow service and things turned around quickly.  I can forgive slow service (everyone has their off days) if mgmt is responsiveness to their patron's concerns.  We enjoyed it a lot, largely in part to the change in the service.  We had the s'mores platter - cute idea and plenty for 6 girls to share - as well as a bottle of Prosecco and a couple round of shots.  Our total was $165 for 6 girls for 4 round of drinks and our food which I thought was reasonable for a setting like that. Great lounge atmosphere, and fun, unique idea.
4	Took the mistress here on an early Tuesday night after dinner for dessert and drinks.Tiramisu was tasty and had excellent presentation. Excellent margaritas, okay mojitos.  Fun place to hang out as it sets the mode.  (Didn't really have a mistress, but this would be a nice place to meet her for drinks!)Not sure what everyone's saying about service.  I thought it was top-notch.  Attentive, fast, and courteous. A type of place that would make me not want to leave Charlotte!dmo out
3	The drinks were expensive but good. The Bellini's are awesome.  My first and only visit to Crave was May 7th. I went to meet co-workers and did not know what to expect. The guy "manning" the front door was somewhat rude. He was engrossed in a conversation with another guy and then turned to me and rudely asked for ID. I obliged, he verified, handed it back and returned back to his conversation. No welcome or anything and I didn't know if there was a cover charge or what. No welcoming feelings at all coming in but the place was very nice. The bartender was cute and funny and the hookah and food was worth the visit.
4	came here with my coworkers for someones bday. the hooka was good, we got watermelon and berry blast or something like that. the drinks were nice and strong, we got a tiramisu and it was freakin awesome...the desserts here are the bomb, and again the service here was impeccable. great staff
3	nice atmosphere, delicious martinis, a bit pricey but great for a special night out.
3	This place is indeed A-OK. The ambiance is really what you end up paying for, as the drinks are decent and the baked goods are almost too heavy to actually enjoy. A good alternative to the usual night out in Charlotte, yes, but I feel that it could have been done better. Great concept, decent execution. PS: The fact that I don't smoke hookah could possibly be a bias!
4	went for celebratory drinks and dessert. settled in to the couch corner and enjoyed it all including apps. highlight was smores over real flame. a must for fun groups : ) service is what took a star away.
4	The most eclectic atmosphere! GREAT hospitality and the desserts and appetizers are one in a million. Thank you crave for adding to this amazing adventure. Decadent experience and on my "A" list!
3	I was really hoping for better desserts from a dessert bar.  I didn't think they were any thing special.  The half-off Sangria pictures on Wednesday nights and $20 all you can drink wine on Thursdays is a really good deal too.  The White Sangria is awesome.
4	What a brilliant place!  I came here during their Halloween celebrations and it was buzzing.  The desserts and sliders are flavor filled with love.  Since we went with a bigger group, it seems like we got everything on the menu.  From fondue, to cupcakes, to chicken & beef sliders, to cheesecake, to apple pie, and drinks- we sampled everything- and everything was amazing.The downside is the price and parking.  The food is rather expensive and you'll have to pay for parking.  Also, the music is rather loud so conversation might be a little more difficult.  Probably a good spot to bring an overly talkative date.
3	Once again I LOVE places with this particular setting! Just so happen while I  visited NC for a week in Mid-August my best friends birthday bash took place at Crave! A week before,I checked things out on yelp and saw reviews that were 50/50. I decided to go anyway while visiting and I'm glad I did! I parked directly across the street ($5 parking fee). There were 25+ people in our party,it was all about the appetizers,the people and great conversations with not only my best friends also with other childhood friends I haven't since in over 13 years!   My only complaint would be smoking from hookahs,I'm not a smoker.
1	The food was terrible.  The 41 flavor hummus tasted so bland that the flavors must have never made it from the chef's head to the plate.  The white chocolate bread pudding was bland and eggy.  It tasted undercooked and blah.  When we told the waitress that the dessert was not good she just took it away as if this was not the first return.  This was a really disappointing experience.  If you want a good dessert place save your money and go to Yoforia.
2	When my husband and I arrived at Crave, there was a pretentious doorman who asked if we had reservations.  We denied this.  He said the tables were completely spoken for, so we would have to sit at the bar.  Upon entering this establishment, we found it nearly empty!  When we asked the doorman where all the people who made reservations were, he stated that he had to hold the tables whether they showed up or not.  We left without ordering anything.
4	Hooookahhhh! I came to this place my first time and it was awesome. Neat drinks, nice hookah, great time with friends all in one. You have to definitely reserve your spot though. I got the Queens Crown and we smoked a nice mango hookah.Next time though I will definitely try the mint hookah. This is definitely the place to hang out. The music is okay however, that's why I'm deducting a star. It's sort of a personal thing.
5	I've never had dinner food here, but the desserts and cocktails are top notch.  Awesome place for hookah too in a fantastic atmosphere.  Great place to take someone for a late-night or after-dinner drink.  Walkable from the center of uptown.
3	This was my second time here and I must say it wasn't so great this time around. First time I came through here it was awesome. Free parking, spacious accommodations, and great service was just something that made my night here last time memorable. This time around was just the opposite. The free parking disappeared and I had to park across from Crave and pay, on top of paying for pretty pricey drinks. When I went in we had a reservation for 12 people and well, lets just say the seating there did not seat 12 people. And when we went to sit at another chair, they didn't let us sit down because we only reserved one spot! The service wasn't as great as last time, but it was just okay.We still had fun so it's not enough for me to just give them 2 stars (and I tried the mint hookah and it was really good), but the lack of parking and the seating was a big thing because it was one of my friend's birthday and we had about 12 people and not enough seating. Anyways, I don't know if I'll come back here, but it's not a bad place. If I do come back I'll have to find some free parking.
5	To start we had the Strawberry Margarita with peach hookah. Amazing combination ! 40 spice hummus and sliders as appetizers and then the Victorian, chocolate layered cake with chocolate mousse for dessert , now this is how a good night is suppose to start !!! My girl also had the white chocolate marshmallow martini, she loved it :)This place gets mad crowded so you definitely want to get a reservation. Great food amazing desserts and drinks and love the crowd, can't go wrong here :)
1	I must say our girls night out on Valentines Day was the worst ever !!!! The Asian girl hostess ...plain RUDE!!!! This used to be a fun place to hang out with friends, under  a new manager whose just the worst!!!!!! I stayed for 20 minutes and left I was so fed up with the lack of poor service. BTW you guys had booths that were reserved ???!!! For who  nobody was in them??!! We called to make reservations and then you tell us you weren't taking reservations? When I asked again the hostess, said oh you had to make reservations for the booths???!!!! Really ???!!!! Poor communication ! The place was not even busy ....when did Crave all of a sudden become so snotty and so rude. This place was way better when the old manager was there. I will never ever step foot in your business ever again and I will be telling others how poor you guys treat your customers as well!!!! You guys are the WORST!!!
3	Went there on Valentine's day, so my review might not be 100% accurate for normal business days. But it being Valentine's day, you'd think they would up their ante right?Lets just say, the chocolate covered strawberries were AMAZING!! I am not a chocolate fan at all, but the sweet and juiciness of the strawberry against the chocolate was delish! For an appetizer, we had the caesar salad, which was a good proportion and started off good, but then at the bottom of the bowl, I began to get a lot of stems(hard part) which were very nasty, so I stopped eating it.I then chose the chicken flatbread, which was GREAT! I loved every bite of it. And for desert, we had the chocolate fondue, and that was a let down in itself. I wanted to go for the cheese one, but my boyfriend loves chocolate so we went with that. The only good thing I can say about that was the strawberries(which we didn't have a lot, so our waiter was nice enough to bring out more!) My boyfriend tried the brownies, rice krispies and dipped them in the chocolate(he thought they were ok, nothing special). I tried the marshmallows and heated them under the little fire, and they were tasty.All in all, the atmosphere was very relaxed and romantic, there were couples all around, and they even had a free photobooth outside to take complementary pictures! That was very fun! The workers seemed to be pretty nice, and our waiter really helped us out a lot. Would I go back again? Sure. Just to try the hookah and have some drinks and more strawberries! But I'm going to steer away from the chocolate next time.Oh yea, they provide free parking as well, but since I literally live 2 mins walking distance, and it was a nice day out, me and my boyfriend chose to walk.
3	So, I have mixed feelings about this joint.  I had sort of a bad experience the first time here.  My husband and I were actually turned away at the door because of what he was wearing.  There wasn't a stated "dress code" when I looked at the website, but when we got there, my husband's flip flop/shorts combo wasn't appropriate and we were sent away.  Not before the hostess asked if he had any dress shoes in his car that he could put on, because, you know, everyone wears fancy dress shoes with their cargo shorts, but I digress.  I did a little complaining, and the manager ended up comping me bottle service for an hour at a time of my choosing, and she told me that the hostess in question actually had left, so there's that.All that being said, and fast-forwarding a few months out from the great flip flop incident of 2010, I used my bottle service for a bachelorette party for a friend, and we did end up having a great time.  We got some apps and a chocolate fountain which was quite nice.  It's a great place for something like a girls night out or bachelorette party, because let's face it, what group of girls can't get down with just pigging out on some fine-ass desserts?  Maybe not the best for a fun "date night" with the hubby.
2	Back home hookah bars are in abundance almost like Little Caesars is here.  I've seen more Little Caesars here than I have in any other city that I've been to and trust me I've been to a lot.  Anyhow, I digress back to Crave.  Every since being first introduced to hookahs in 2006 in Ft. Lauderdale by some co-workers I've enjoyed partaking in the experience on occasion.  Most hookah bars that I've been to in the past have seemed pretty authentic.  They've been decked out in Middle Eastern decor, seats are on the floor on pillows and belly dancers perform live.   When going with large parties, reservations have been required but a dress code never was.  So, one night I had a friend in town and I called up another friend and we decided to go to Crave.  I had checked out the website and noticed it was a bit more upscale than the hookah bars I had been to before but still decided to give it a try.  Upon arriving there was no host or hostess at the door so we had to wait for about 5 minutes.  We were then asked if we had a reservation, which we did, and were seated only after the hostess disappeared for another 5 minutes or so.  My friends and I sat down and waited at least 15 minutes before our server came over.  At this point we were all pretty agitated but our server was extremely nice so she enticed us to stay.  We ordered drinks, our hookah and some entrees.  The drinks came first and they were delicious!!! The hookah came next and it was so strong that it could've grown hair on your chest, as my parents would say.  Then our food came which was just as tasty as our drinks (I had the crab and lobster bisque, it was to live for).  When it was time for us to pay our server asked how we wanted the bill to come and naturally we asked for it to be split.  She said they don't do that.  It could only be split evenly.  That sucked because I hadn't ordered as much as my friends had.  I wouldn't necessarily suggest going back but if one of my friends wanted to go I'd tag along.
3	Nice little place to visit while I was in town for work. Wednesday's have Sangria specials and $5 martini's. That, coupled with a $20 hookah, all of which you can enjoy right at the bar or elsewhere in the loungy feeling venue, makes this a great little place to gather with friends or colleagues.
3	The appetizers/sliders are all kind of meh but the overall the service is excellent and Charlotte doesn't have a lot of real lounges where one can... lounge.So 3 stars, huzzah!
3	Crave is the typical a high-end lounge though there aren't many of these in Charlotte. The desserts/drinks are overpriced, but I think most people come for the ambiance. Hookah is also available. The lighting is dim and there are several couches to "lounge." I recommend making reservations for Saturdays because they are packed. Plus, they won't let you in if you come too late without a reservation. There's a strict dress code so be sure to dress to impress!
4	This place is great. Eat dessert, get a drink, and smoke some Hookah. Classy place, upscale feel, and a variety of options.
4	It's about time I update this review!  I've been coming to Crave at least once a month for  the last year with a girls networking group that I joined. We normally meet on Tues. and we always have a blast Crave is so accommodating to us giving us a nice couch space to hang out while we have some apps and some very yummy drinks!  I prefer to meet on Thurs. for bottomless wine for $20 I love this deal and the wine at Crave is good.  If your looking for somewhere chill to hang out with friendly service then Crave is your place!
4	There are few places in Charlotte like Crave. For one, local hooka bars are limited to the area, let alone ones with a very upscale atmosphere. Food is generally good here. Don't come with an appetite because your portion sizes do reflect the atmosphere- generally smaller/ dolled up appetizers and meals. The quality is about right for the prices. You will tend to pay a little more for their item menus.I have been out to this venue once and have enjoyed partaking of smoke sessions with friends. If your not into the smoking scene, I might recommend avoiding the nightlife here.  Although I've only been once, it seems as though post 9pm many tables also partake in this. For those who haven't really tried hooka before, it is a very mild buzz, and very momentary. It can also be a good substitute for drinking, or drinking heavily and driving afterwards.The hooka we had was a single-tube, coal on top, glass, & water-filled. They give each person in your party a plastic tip for the tube for sanitary purposes. The flavored tobacco they offer is pretty wide-range and ones we had were pretty decent. Overall, again, the venue is very nice. They have music, which tends to keep the other table noise to a minimum, but still bereable so you can hear those you sit with. Highly recommend trying the nightlife out if you smoke or enjoy an occasional smoke every now and then.
5	This place is nice! It seemed so out of place in Charlotte... it reminded me of the places I've seen in DC and Chicago. Their menu is limited.. but that's to be expected from a place named "dessert bar." I can vouch for their strawberry short cake, it's delicious! as delicious as it was, I'm willing to bet that the other desserts are good. Their spin dip was super fresh and a great app! We also had the "One Night Stand" drink... the dry ice was an AWESOME addition! We underestimated the drink... then it hit us. You really could have a great night off of one haha! I'm not a heavy drinker, but i'm no lightweight and it had me feeling pretty well! Ha!I love the music and atmosphere... everything fit together well. Their hookahs are tobaccoless by the way, and still tastes/hits really well! The manager (and waitress) really took good care of us upon learning it was our first time. If I'm ever in Charlotte again, I def will return. I encourage you to try it out, you'll want to come back. :)
3	Ah, Crave Dessert Bar (and Hookah Lounge).  I wanted to give a higher review but the inconsistency we commonly experienced left me rating it as mediocre.  Now, we have spent many a late evening partaking in absurdly delicious baked goods, incredible cocktails, and fantastic hookah.  Crave is spot on in the product they sell.  The atmosphere is cozy and trendy with a romantic ambiance. I'll get through the bad stuff before moving on to the highlights Crave has to offer.  We are locals to Uptown and tend to try places on a whim.  This can be a definite downfall if you are feeling spontaneous Thursday-Saturday night.  In terms of "reservations", we have never made one for Crave.  Some nights we will walk up and the doorman tells us it's 2+ hours for a table.  We walk in to the hostess stand and she immediately sits us (without a reservation).  Other nights the same scenario happens, there are empty tables, and they will not seat us because we did not make a reservation.  It's really hit or miss.  Our best experiences have been on week nights.  Which is a great transition to the great things Crave has to offer.The drink menu is way above par compared to other bars in the area.  The specialty cocktail combinations are incredible, I've tried the majority and have not been disappointed.  The prices are surprisingly reasonable too. Crave also offers something for the beer and wine lovers, I frequently see specials pop up with great deals on everything. The desserts are incredible.  I've read some reviews that complain on the fact that they are not made in-house and are brought on.  My response is....who cares?  If they want to sell me a chocolate cake I really don't care where they got it from as long as it's delicious (oh and it is).  The small plates are also really cool.  There is something for the safe-food lovers and there are plenty of offerings for the foodie in all of us.  However, my highest recommendation is to steer clear of the savory and go straight for the dessert.  From cupcake to carrot cake, you really can't go wrong.  Moving on to the hookah.  Now, I'm a weird one.  I have a forever love of Rose flavored hookah.  If you have not experienced this yet, I highly recommend it.  The Rose "flavor" surpasses just your taste buds and engages many more of your senses.  No, it does not taste like flowers.  Just try it, you'll thank me later.Anyway, Crave's hookah is top notch.  It's not the cheapest and you do pay for coal service...but for the overall experience it's worth the money.  Through the incredible desserts, good small plate offerings, spectacular drink menu, and great hookah and you would have a 5 star review.  My suggestion is to go on a week night when you don't have to deal with the birthday, bachlorette, etc. parties.  The bartenders are always very friendly and the service is spectacular when they aren't packed.  Crave is definitely a place we will continue to visit for the occasional craving for cupcakes and rose hookah.
4	First time here and to a hookah bar in general. I hit the hookah like Smoke Dawg and got SUPER light headed but it was gone in like 2 minutes. ;-) Had hummus for the first time there too. Pretty good. A great time was had and will DEFINITELY be back.
1	Girlfriends and I came here for my birthday one year. Sliced cucumbers in water? Refreshing. The names of items on their menu? Cute. Dirty slut martini? Standard. The food? Eh. The cakes? O.....M.....G.... Becky, this is a dessert bar?!!! The frosting was hard and too sweet and the cake was also hard and dry. Wasn't impressed, haven't gone back. Don't know if they've stepped it up but judging by the ratings, doesn't seem so.
4	Cool spot, nice ambiance , hookah and drinks! There are two parking lots close by which are maybe 3 dollars or so after a certain time. I would recommend a reservation if you would like a table or booth. I arrive around 7:30 and sat at the bar until about 10 or so , around 10 it started to get crowded bar wise and all of the tables were full. I tried the bacon and goat cheese slider .... So yummy, hookah ... nice, then I ordered a desert. Now seeing that this is a dessert bar I felt that every desert on the menu should have been top notch! I ordered the Ice Cream Cookies, which included two cookies with vanilla ice cream in the middle and chocolate and caramel drizzled around them. I took my fork to cut the cookie and ice cream and ran into what seemed like a rock! The cook was hard as sh*t! Like seriously who pairs a hard cookie with ice cream. I literally had to take the cookie off and eat the ice cream... then eat the cookie separately b/c it took two hands to break a piece of cookie off.... Who serves non-soft baked cookies with ice cream! I was so disappointed! Other than the horrible cookie desert crave is a nice lounge like place!
3	Desserts were awesome, small plate entrees tasted great, atmosphere is really cool. But all that is ruined by the slow service. A dinner that should take an hour took an hour and a half and the annoyance killed it. The table next to us left because they were being ignored and they had a different server than we did so its a problem there and not isolated. Hookahs are not my thing, I think they're silly, so if you are into that, you may have one more reason to like it than me. To sum up, food good and service poor.
4	Great atmosphereWine selection limitedDessert selections were very good including gluten free optionsService was attentiveGreat people watching!Food menu was extremely limitedPrice was a little high I will go back however
3	Well this was definitely the lowest fat, lowest calorie dessert I've ever had....apple martini hookah!  I don't know what they serve during the day, but after dark, this place is a swanky, reservations-suggested hookah lounge.  We arrived around 11 on a Saturday night and the bouncer was like "sorry, there's no way."  He was nice enough though, we chatted it up for a minute explaining we were from DC and asked about the crowd, schedule, etc...So, we take off, head around the corner for a cab, he comes running around the corner and grabs us, gives us advice on how to get a space/service at the bar and let's us in.  AND wouldn't accept the tip I tried to give him.  A head nod for your awesomeness sir.  And that's where the great service ended.  Seriously bitchy staff, with one exception (short brunette bartender....very perky and very attentive).   The other two were horrid.  Our first waitress took forever to take our order, then bring our hookah, and after she brought it, never came again.  Not for re-ups, not for drinks, nothing....though she gladly continued to help everyone else at the bar.   Hate to say this, but I'm 99% sure she had a serious issue with the interracial couple I was there with.  I don't normally blame ish like that, but her attitude was NIGHT and DAY with us and all the white people at the bar.  Anyhow, back to the hookah.  About 8 or so basic favors (ie cherry, apple, etc.), add a coupe dollars and you can have designer flavors like red velvet cake, key lime pie and the apple martini we ordered.   Honestly, it just tasted like apple to me, but it was cool.   Add a couple more dollars for an "ice hose" and you've got a $20 puff-puff-pass.  But be warned, it was barely a cool hose (though that might have been hater-bartender's fault).But enough complaints, the hookah was yummy and easy smoking.   The crowd was sexy, and Crave has a nice sultry decor, with cool abstract art on the walls.  I'd give it another shot, especially in the summer...there's outdoor seating.  :)
1	What type of place turns down business? No less than 3 times have I and friends driven up to Crave only to have the Valet tell us that they were only accepting reservations that night. Okay that's cool, good for them and their business bad for us.So on the evening that I was celebrating my birthday, friends suggested finishing the night at Crave and I had them call to make sure that wouldn't turn us around. The young lady who answered the phone said they couldn't take a reservation but we were welcomed to come in at the bar and wait for a table.Fast forward to us arriving at Crave and paying for parking. We get to the door and the Valet and door man refuse to let us enter! First he says there are no tables for walk ins and that it's standing room only at the bar. So can we go to the bar we ask? NO he says! Not for a group of our size. Weird since this is what we were told we could do by the young lady on the phone as well as by the door man not 30 seconds ago. So we ask to speak to a manager, since we had paid for parking after being told we could enter. Then all of a sudden we were allowed to enter. Surprising huh?We get inside and there was absolutely no one in the place. My group found a spot at the bar easily and spent our night drinking and doing hookah with an awesome bartender. She seemed to enjoy us spending our money with her more than the door man did. I will never be returning to Crave. I don't know what kind of establishment doesn't want people to spend money. It's absolutely mind boggling. The only reason we even stayed was because it was my birthday, we had a group of people who had also paid for parking. If it was just me and another person I would have turned around and never looked back at Crave for that night. Now I will just never look back at it forever, which I'm sure is fine with Crave because they obviously don't need money since they turn it away.
3	Yeeeeaaaa soooo... don't order the cupcakes in the evening. Maybe they're better in the morning, but I definitely wouldn't have this on the menu, if the cupcakes aren't fresh. Those joints were dry as dirt. I told the waitress and she was mad nice about it and got the manager. All that wasn't necessary, but I appreciated it. I heat it up the next morning for brekky (breakfast of champions), they were pretty decent after they softened up some. Hookah was dope (My first time... I was a hookah virgin). The spot is pretty dope as far as the atmosphere and seating. If I were a guy, I would be eye f***king the s**t out of the ladies that work there. They are all very pretty in their red dresses. I like the uniformity and classiness of the place. Why the 3 stars?:1. The cupcakes2. After I said the cakes were dry, we didn't get much attention; even though I didn't really complain, I just told her they were dry after she asked me how they were... I can't help being honest. 2. The waitress forgot our drinks and it took forever to get the check. Bottom line: I'll go back for the hookah and atmosphere... Oh and I saw several people with cheesecake... may have to try that the next time I go back. Tip: Get there early or make a reservation.
4	We always wanted to check this place out, and we finally did after we had dinner out (somewhere else) and started craving chocolate lava cake.  Unless you are at a steakhouse, you probably won't find chocolate lava cake on the menu.  So we agreed we would go to Crave if they had lava cake.  A quick google search later, we were on our way.My husband loved the lava cake (although he commented it was a smaller version compared to a steakhouse's).I ordered the birthday cake martini and it was AMAZING!  Tasted like you would want it to taste and was served in a martini glass rimmed with SPRINKLES.  Yum!We wanted to sit outside on the patio, and I guess that's a good thing because the hostess said the inside was full, even though it looked empty.  I suppose reservations?The inside does look cool and like a good place to go with a group.  It does look very "lounge-y" where you could sit around a table in a large, round, private booth.I know I will take my girlfriends here for a drink when they come visit.
5	All these people whining about the prices don't realize that for the quality of the food, the high price is necessary. Crave would not be able to pay top-notch chefs if the prices were cheap. You can tell the chefs put their heart and soul into the food.As for my visit, my date and I had superb service, the waitresses are intimate with the customer in the sense that they sit down beside you to take your order and offer HONEST opinions of menu items. We asked a waitress about the bacon cocktail and she said she didn't really like it, but recommended other drinks that were good. Service like that is hard to come by these days, but this restaurant knows what their doing in terms of hiring friendly people and training them well. Food-wise, I had the Port Wine Mac and Cheese and Candied Bacon cookies. Both were delectable. One thing I like about Crave is that they don't skimp on the bacon. The blueberry margarita and a special drink they were making that day were awesome! You can tell the bartenders are experienced. I read in a previous review to try the Rose flavor hookah, we did, and definitely second that the Rose flavor is bangin'. Give it a try! The ONLY negative aspect is that making reservations can be difficult due to the attendant not answering the phone in a timely manner (which is understandable if they're busy) and the bouncer is a real douche.
3	Crave has a nice atmosphere. The drinks are good. Nothing spectacular. The cupcakes were dry. I have tasted better. I will go back to try the hookahs though!Staff is friendly!
3	As I said before I would only go back to Crave if a friend invited me to go and that's exactly what happened last night.  We attended a bear and cupcake tasting and once again the service could have been better.  It was definitely an improvement over the last time and my friends and I were able to get separate checks which was one of the issues I had before.  Although our server was really nice, we had to ask for the same things multiple times before we actually got them.  When we got ready to go one of my friends asked for the check and our server brought only hers.  My other friend and I had to wait about 10 minutes before she came over to our table again.  So, I'm saying it again, I wouldn't suggest going here but if a friend invited me to go I probably would just knowing beforehand that we probably won't get the best service.
3	Hit up Crave last night for a "Cupcake and Beer" event they held with Oskar Blues Brewery. I've been to Crave before and am definitely a fan. However, when I say a fan, I mean I would go occasionally and enjoy the light ambiance of the venue and maybe a dessert. But not a place I would hit up regularly. The place is a bit pricey. I highly recommend the blueberry margarita - absolutely phenominal with a light yet refreshing taste. And I praise Crave for having blueberry on their menu rather than the standard lime, strawberry, mango options at most places. Yet the margarita is $11 on it's own which is more than I prefer to pay for my drinks. Especially when the drink is quite delicious and I can suck it down in 3 minutes flat... side note on that... this can be a dangerous drink when all that tequila kicks in. Anywho... back to the original event... I went to Crave for the 'Cupcake and Beer' event in which 3 Oskar Blues beers were paired with three small-sized cupcakes. In order to attend the event, you had to register in advance. As the Oskar Blues rep spoke, servers were wandering around dropping off the beer samples and the drinks. I ended up receiving the last of the cupcake samples on our server's tray and she scurred back to the kitchen to obtain more for our table of 3. However, the cupcakes weren't ready. And took about another 10 minutes to make it out. It took so long my friend at the table asked about the cupcakes to which our server replied 'they are making more'. I was a bit surprised by this as Crave was aware how many attendees were coming yet failed to have the correct amount prepared...the cupcakes obviously weren't fresh out of the oven and were made earlier in the day based on the consistency.  But nonetheless, the cupcakes were quite satisfying and I recommend the Bugs Bunny cupcake. This carrot cake was topped with cream cheese frosting and walnuts. I personally don't care for carrot cake but this cake was not overpowering and the cream cheese frosting was very light and perfect with the light beer we were served. Over all, I liked the event and appreciated beer and food tastings - great chance to experience multiple flavors without having to take the chance of purchasing a pricey cupcake without knowing if it's worth it. The only downside is our server simply was not that good. I've worked in the service industry and fully understand if a server is busy but looking around, we realized she had three tables and could not understand why she was slow at everything she did. She was quite friendly but it took a while for her to come greet us originally, then she forgot to bring us the third beer and then we had to flag her down to get her to take our bills and cash us out. I would definitely go again but as I stated earlier, it would be on occasion and most likely if I had a sweet tooth craving or for another event. While the drinks are good and the cupcake flavors pair quite well, I can't validate paying $11 for a drink and another $7 for a dessert only to leave satisfied and not impressed. Maybe I'm being cheap here but I can savor a tastier drink and a moister dessert for a better price elsewhere in Charlotte. However, despite this review, if you are looking for a great date location, this is it. Great relaxing atmosphere. Sultry look to the venue. Music in the background but still quiet enough to have an intimate conversation.
4	Great staff. Great specialty drinks you won't be able to find anywhere else. I've heard mixed reviews about some of the deserts being dry, but every time I've had one (I normally just go for drinks) they've been great. I was just there for a bridal showcase last night, everything was laid back, tasteful, and fun. It was probably the most fun I've had at an event like that. They had mini cupcakes to sample and a chocolate fountain. My friends and I were speaking to the event manager about the best nights to come there and she warned us table reservations can fill up weeks in advance. DO NOT POP IN HERE WITH A BIG GROUP AND EXPECT TO BE SEATED. If you're with one or two friends you will easily find a seat at the bar (which is where I'd prefer to be anyway since I go specifically for the drinks.) All in all, great place. There's a reason it's still going strong in a city where most places have a 5-10 year shelf life. I will be going back very soon.
5	Great hookah bar! Justin the bartender really hooked it up, manager was a lil ehh... Had a great apple lemon flavored tobacco arageleh! Didn't get a chance to try the food out, but seems like a decent spot.
3	Decent amount of choices. I got the PB & C, it was a good mixture of chocolate and peanut butter. Drinks were great, but pricy. I was with a large group and we had reservations, but they put us in a tiny area with no room.
4	I found this place very enjoyable. The hookah is $20 a pop, and you can mix the flavors which is nice. The appetizers are on the more expensive side for what you get. The empanadas are really small, and you definitely can't share them, but they were very good. Drinks are great. $3 domestics and $5 craft beers, which is pretty good if you ask me. Go on a Wednesday night and they have 1/2 price martinis.
4	Crave is definitely becoming one of my neighborhood favorites especially now that they serve food. They really do have the best happy hour deals. 1/2 off appetizers and small plates from 5-7 pm --- try the empanadas and sliders. They had veggie tomales the other night that were fantastic. Who would have guessed? The music, soft couches and funky art really does make this place stand out from the hoard of sports bars in the Third Ward.
5	Pricey, but I did have an awesome time! The pineapple hookah was killer and the whiskey was delicious! Loved it.
4	Stopped in for dessert for my daughter's 18th birthday. They will let 18+ in on a weekday, but not weekend night. Dessert was really good, although they forgot the whipped cream on mine at first.They have hookah if that is what you are into.
3	I want to go back, that much I know.  We stopped in on a Friday night and it was packed with a 30-45 minute wait at 10:00pm.  We found spots at the bar which was fine and ordered a few desserts.  Both of the desserts were crazy good and the one drink my girlfriend had seemed to be great as well.  I didn't try it, but it looked great.The service was struggling a little and that seemed to be because they just didn't have the manpower to accompany the demand.  They need more help behind the bar basically.The interior is super chic and sexy and I could totally see coming in and grabbing a couch, a hookah and some drinks before desserts.  Really cool hang out spot.
4	WOW what an awesome dessert bar!  We stopped in the other day for something sweet and were not disappointed.  This is a pretty big space with a bar, low tables and high tables and lounge areas.  You can hookah or just enjoy dessert and drinks!  I had a little chocolate confection that was AMAZING.  Gooey inside and worth the calories ladies!!!!  I also had a chocolate martini which was delis.  Great atmosphere and very diverse.  Love it!!
4	The first time I stopped in we got the slider sampler which had all six "flavors" of sliders. I thought it was a great way to sample them all. I definitely liked some more than others -- the black and bleu is delicious!For dessert my boyfriend got the strawberry shortcake and I got the cupcakes - lemon and strawberry (they come two to an order). They were very tasty.We ended up going back a couple of days later and this time I tried a flatbread which was great - bacon and goat cheese. For dessert we got the fondue. It was good, but I probably wouldn't order it again since there are so many other options. Also, for $24 it is a bit overpriced for what you end up getting.Overall we had a great time and utilized a Groupon to find this place!
1	It was 70 of us for an office Christmas party, we rented the place out. Within 24 hours nearly half of the people in attendance were very sick, vomiting and diarrhea . The health department was contacted and the restaurant was cited for 7 infractions. Amy from the HD said it was the worst case of food poisoning she'd ever seen in Charlotte's history. It's sad cause the place was really cute but my co-workers, husband and friends were all sick. Not good. It would have been great for the owners to apologize but they didn't. Very arrogant about it all. A sorry sure would have helped the situation. Don't ya think?
5	Drinks, apps, sweets and good hookah. Exactly what I was expecting - did not disappoint!
3	Crave is not one of My favorite places, but my friends all like it so there's that.Comfy couches and coffee tables. Uncomfortable bar chairs. Decent drinks and subpar cupcakes.At least parking isn't a hassle. That counts for something.And the service is good. Don't get me wrong, I'll go back. Because I get outvoted. Crave just isn't my cup of tea.
4	Stopped in with some fam to visit this happening spot in Charlotte. I was visiting from out of town & oddly enough i had looked at this venue to have my boyfriends surprise 40th birthday party but decided on a nearby golf club. Ironically we came here after the party was over - because they had hookahs on a Saturday. night - it was a good time. The drinks were just right -- their tea & coffee selections are very unique (in a good way) & The hookah prices were reasonable as well. Overall a great place to start out or wrap up a night out on the town in charlotte. The only small downside is that  it was cold & initially we were told to come back around midnite because they were closed for a private event until then. - but other than that all was well
4	After trolling all around town to find this place we finally stumbled in and were told an hour to two hour wait:(  What disappointment since we had picked this as a place to go while in town on business.  We were then told we could have a reserved table as long as we were done by 10:30pm.  Perfect!  We started off with a drink each.  The One Night Stand-it's 100 proof citrus cocktail with smoke coming out the top! I have never seen this before so manybe i am not hip but it was awesome!   And the drink bubbled like a witches brew!  It tasted like strawberry soda.  No ice so did add some from my water which was fine.  Friend had The Clean Slut-Pear, pear puree, apple pucker and pineapple juice.   Then we got 2 desserts-candied bacon icecream cookies.  Loved the idea and it's a must try once but no need to get a second time.  my friend had the double decker strawberry shortcake-strawberry mousee, shortcake, ny cheese cake and kinky compote-whatever that is! She gives 5 starts.  Only giving 4 overall because the atmosphere was a little odd and my dessert was just ok.
4	I had the pineapple upside down cheesecake. It was ok. Cheesecake Factory is the best one that I have had. My Wife had cup cakes vanilla bean and strawberry. Both cupcakes were really good and the icing was awesome. Cupcakes come 2 to an order. The night we went the whole place was rented out so we had to order to go. We are definitely going back to get the inside experience.
4	Made a reservation for a Saturday night, we were immediately seated at a nice table by the window. We ordered spinach artichoke dip which was great, and some delicious bacon cheese chips. We had a few pitchers of sangria which was a great value and very delicious. Our waitress was great and checked up on us quite often. Our hookah flavor was the blueberry mojito that was nice and cold, smooth and tasty, although when we got a refill of it, maybe she changed it accidentally but it was awful, way too strong and wasn't smooth at all. We didn't want to complain, so we just ignored it. Then after leaving we couldn't figure out how to get back into the parking deck because the door was locked from the outside, someone actually leaving let us through. But overall a great experience.
4	The bf and I came here on Sunday night for 1/2 priced hookahs and board games. The hookah was excellent! It was by far the smoothest one I've ever tasted.Being that it's a dessert bar, there are no full entrees, just apps, sliders, and flatbreads. We ordered the empanadas, the parmesan truffle fries, and the margarita flatbread. Everything was really good. The water they served has sliced cucumber, very refreshing. For dessert, we had the NY cheesecake and the red velvet. The slices were a hefty portion, enough to take home. I will be back, probably on Wednesday for 1/2 price Martini night.
4	The Moroccan Spiced Lamb Sliders are soooooooo good!!!! You get 3.
4	Some of my reviews are more comprehensive than others, and I can't begin to claim that I sampled terribly much of what this place had to offer. I really just wanted dessert, so can you really blame me for seeking out solace at a self-proclaimed dessert bar?Well, it was hard to get too far away from what was one of the most despicably gluttonous menu items this side of hellfire: bacon chocolate-chip ice cream sandwiches. It certainly sounded and tasted like the kind of thing one would sell their soul for, but actually they just charged me $8. Not a trivial cost, but this was not a trivial dessert. There were many opportunities to make add a lot of pretentious and detracting touches to this dishes, but I applaud Crave for keeping this really simple with plain ol' vanilla and chocolate chip cookies. The bacon alone, with just a bit of caramel, was enough to make this dish standout. Definitely worth both the $8 and approximately 40 kilograms of fat.
4	While the service here was absolutely awful (which I think is commonplace for trendy places nowadays) this place was amazing. The food we had was to die for and the s'mores dessert thing was amazing. I highly recommend getting apps dessert and a bottle of wine. To note: seating is weird and small and inconvenient.
5	Loved the vibe!  Came with kids early.  Clearly not a kid place, but had a blast.  S'mores were great, lava cake good too.  But the macaroons were amazing!
3	For being a dessert bar, this place is pretty disappointing in their dessert selection.  Oh and they are really dead on a Saturday night. Btw a great hookah bar shouldn't be using quick light coals for hookah because it's full of chemicals and affects the smoke. Suggestion for management is to purchase coco Nara coals, which is all natural coconut shells. This won't affect the smoke of the hookah. Will update on status of actual hookah once we get it. Oh and what kind of hookah bar charges $1 for extra coals?  It's free at all other hookah bars that I've been ever been too. Lame.
5	Love this place - use them for catering for my business and they always are early and my orders are always perfectly executed and garnished beautifully with little pink orchids - Stefani always does a fantastic job.  The cupcakes are divine.  The skewers are great for cocktail parties.  Clint is fantastic behind the bar at night, making delicious specialty martinis and the food there is awesome - bleu cheese sliders are delish, as well as the artichoke dip.  Great date spot.  Try the blueberry margarita and the ginger rogers!
4	I come here almost every weekend. This place has a warm upscale feel to it. The drinks are decent and the deserts are pretty tasty. This is a nice place to bring a date. The music is hit or miss.
5	I love the environment. The wait staff was great and I cannot wait to go again, Sunday is game night!!
4	The first time I was there, the dessert was great then I went again and it was not as good but I like the atmosphere and the concept of the place. No full entrees just sliders and appetizers but the portions are pretty good. The point is the dessert!
4	I really enjoyed the space. It was beautiful and had a good feel to it, and I liked the couches. My waitress was great. Other people said they didn't get good service, by I had no problem. I got the PB&C, which was ok but not life-changing. It satisfied my need for chocolate, so it was fine. The bread pudding was amazing though, and I wish I had ordered that. The cupcakes are good but overpriced. I had the dragonberry drink and it was really good but not strong enough. My friend got the one night stand which was beautifully done and tasted good. I could tell it was extremely strong.
5	Love love love this hookah bar! I just wish they weren't so expensive. Went here for valentines day with the hubby. Shared some deserts, a hookah and had good drinks. Sexy employees and sexy people. Doesn't really get much better until you look at the bill. Lol. Still enjoyed it tho. I've been here several times.
4	I kept hearing rave reviews so I decided to celebrate my birthday with a few of my fellow interns during our summer in the QC @ Crave. What an experience! We called to make a reservation on Sunday afternoon and upon arrival there was a cute reserved sign with some of my favorite board games on the table. We all sampled the menu and loved the half price hookah. I didn't choke this time either! Crave definitely made me feel special on my bday in a new city.
3	Great hukkah lounge uptown. You need a reservation, don't ruin your night thinking you can walk in or sit at the bar, chances are very slim. The desserts are outsourced, so that's all I will say about that.
4	Had a great time. Was my first hookah experience. Server was knowledgeable and very friendly. We walked in on a Saturday night with a group of 7 and sat right down. Maybe just dumb luck, but was great. S'mores were awesome with its own little fire pot. Drinks are pricey, but there are alot of options and they have great weekly special. Felt like a good adult crowd, which is what I'm looking for. Looking forward to going back again.
2	So, I have been to crave several times during week and the food and service were always great, but when I decided to go on a weekend it was a different story.After being turned away because we had no reservation (the place was empty so not sure why reservation was needed) a friend booked reservation for another weekend. Somehow when we arrived they could not find the reservation and even suggested that the wrong number for a Crave in Denver must have been callled- problem 1 please don't insult peoples intelligence. 2 we waited until they finally said they would accomodate us and stuck us in some crap table in the back by the bathroom, since there was supposedly a party of 15  who I don't think ever showed up. The atmosphere is nice with decent food and drink but the attitude of the front door staff trying to act like the place is so exclusive and upscale needs to go.If the place is so upscale and you are going to require a reservation maybe you should not allow people to come in in flip flops and shorts, keep track of reservations when people go through the trouble to make them and drop the attitude at the door. I will not be coming back here for a while if ever again.
3	There has been a lot of hype surrounding this place and after putting it off for weeks, my boyfriend and I decided to check it out.  Here are my thoughts:Yes it's trendy; yes it caters to an eclectic, artsy, vibrant demographic that Third Ward is known for attracting.  Good for a first date?  Absolutely.  Romantic and intimate?  Yah.  Great place to bring some friends after work?  You betcha. For appetizers, I opted for the pesto and naan, which was okay.  The pesto was extremely oily (even for pesto).  My boyfriend had the vegan potstickers that he found appetizing although he commented they were a little "burnt."  For drinks I had the burnt almond--NO COMPLAINTS.  That thing was goooooood!  However...the desserts fell quite a bit short for me.  I had the ginger lemon cupcake.  I was really excited about the combination of lemon and ginger, but it didn't really jump out to me, so I'm a little disappointed in that. I was expecting a moister cake but this one was quite dense.  I'll go back for a second try because it certainly wasn't horrible, but I hope more of my expectations are fulfilled.
3	So, here was my experience as an out-of-towner.  I came in on a Saturday night dressed in a t-shirt, jeans, and flip flops and wasn't turned away.  Seated myself at the bar and order a drink and food.  I asked the male bartender for a cocktail with a slight substitution and he obliged, and though he wasn't the friendliest bartender ever, the service was very good.  The cocktail was also very good... I asked for the Flower Child with Hendrick's gin and it was on point.  I also got the hummus, bourbon pecan dessert, and bbq sliders.  All very delicious though the dessert tasted boxed.  That's not a slam, that just means they didn't make it in house, which is a little disappointing because their identity is centered on their desserts (according to the name anyways). They lost 2 stars because of the hookah.  It's nobody's fault really than the owner I suppose.  I am a hookah professional and have been active in the industry for over 7 years.  Unfortunately, the problem here at Crave is they use the cheapest products on the market... cheap restrictive hoses, acrylic hookahs, large chemical quicklights on top of small Egyptian bowls (guarantees a smoke for about 20 minutes), and a very limited selection of flavors.  On a regular night, they charge $20 per hookah for this waste of potential and the menu says they charge $1 per extra coal you want.  The good thing is, you won't want another coal after the first, so you save money there.  If their focus is on cocktails and desserts and they happen to do hookah on the side, then that would make sense.  But their employees are under the impression they are an actual hookah lounge, which I think is pretty sad.  Check out Crave, skip the hookah, and get some tasty craft cocktails.
5	Great food, environment, and hookah !The girls are great, I love them all and the location is near downtown. There's an inside and outside section so that's really sweetI visit this place almost every week when I used to live in Charlotte and I would definitely recommend all of you to check it out !
1	We try to take our daughter out occasionally and show her a "grown up time" but after hiking a long stretch in hot humid weather after the Charlotte's knight game we were confronted by the door man who put a swift end to our night out on the town. The bar did not seem packed and I'm not sure what merits the age limit restrictions from lunch to after dinner time? Was something going on inside that was x-rated? Any who, I asked the rule enforcer for some suggestions of close by alternatives and was instructed to step around to the alley and call a taxi and thank god uber was a min away! I guess I was naive to think a dessert bar was appropriate for under age customers.
4	Great spot for a date or girls' night out. The decor is amazing--a little industrial, a little romantic, and full of pieces by local artists--and the ambience can't be beat. The small plates are pretty good and the desserts are excellent (mmmm, cheesecake), but I was blown away by the cocktails on my last visit. Lots of creative, delicious drink options on the menu and they do the classics well, too. Crave can be a little on the pricey side but they do have specials throughout the week, e.g., half price martinis on Wednesdays and $20 bottomless wine on Thursdays.
4	A cool little place to grab drinks and desserts.. They also have hookah if that's your thing.Shared the peanut butter chocolate cake(?) it was not as heavy as expected.. Pretty standardAlso tried the baileys bread pudding which was sweet and pretty standard too.Desserts weren't amazing but a cool place to lounge and hang w friends.
5	Unique place, great desserts, fun Hukah experience. Loved going there with bunch of girls. Trendy place!
4	I've been to Crave on two separate occasions now. Ive enjoyed both of my experiences here. The first time I went with a large group of people which is great when you want to order the smores plate butMaybe not so good when there are only two people. The waitresses have always been nice and attentive and we will definitely be back!
3	A cute little lounge filled with board games, hookah, desserts, and decent drinks ...if you can find a seat, that is. When we arrived on a Sunday night, there was a large table of 8-10 seats that was reserved, but the party had never arrived during the 2 hours that we were there. Crave should consider holding reservations a little closer to the reservation time.Seating issues aside, we were very pleased with our time here. We started out with a Daytime Playtime shooter, which tastes exactly like watermelon candy. Good for those who want the taste of alcohol masked. I had a sip of the Tiramisu Dream martini, which is as delicious as it sounds. But ultimately, I went with the Chocolate Kiss alcohol-infused coffee, which was a perfect nightcap to a day filled with good eats. I had wanted to try the candied bacon ice cream cookie, but the freezer was broken that night. Instead, I opted for the Victorian layer cake: dark chocolate cake with dark chocolate mousse and dark chocolate frosting. Oh, and there was a 6in tall letter "C" made of solid dark chocolate. Better be a chocolate lover before attempting this 'un! All desserts are definitely - and probably should be - shareable. Chutes and Ladders, Jenga, and Candyland will make the time fly by while you're here at Crave!
5	Went here with a Meetup group. The food was amazing. We got to have complementary appetizers, the stuffed mushroom were to die for!! Parking was free, overall the atmosphere is trendy, very artsy.
4	Yelp is my go to guide for night out on the town as well as for the latest/greatest place to dine.Looking for a dessert place after a meeting and wanted to stay around the Uptown area. Yelper's wrote about Crave and some of the pictures just made my mouth water. As we headed to Crave, the place was closed for an event/party and the hostess said come back by 8 PM place will be available to the public. I was so bummed at first and thought so what do I do? The urges for sweets is just killing me. Hostess mentioned there are eateries on Church street or come back at 8 PM. So from 6:30 PM we walked all the way over to Church Street then over to South Tryon Street. Beautiful weather and evening to walk around Uptown. The streets were lit up with festive lights and Christmas decorations so pretty. The Santa Bar Crawl was happening and it was so cool to see participants decked out in their holiday outfits.Back in front of Crave at 8 PM and we got a table. OMG!!! This place reminds me of NYC. Trendy, chic and colorful place with art work hung up promoting local artists and ready to be sold. I just love this place. Two tables next to us filled with Hookah smokers. Brings back memories of my trip to Egypt and North Africa. Great service. Young waitresses/hostess all dressed in red dress just like the red logo Crave. Rich vibrant red colors in the decor too.Went for the Candied Bacon Ice Cream Cookie and the Pb & c layer cake.The candied bacon is out of this world with ice cream. This dessert is so over powering. Eat everything else on your plate first and leave the Candied Bacon Ice Cream Cookie last. Save the best for last as the saying goes. The Pb&c layer cake- The Peanut Butter Mousse with Grand Marnier. It's rich and buttery.Cappuccino to wash it all down. What a delightful place.Will be back for the sinful drinks and their Happy Hour.Perfect place to take a date. Just to unwind and have decadent dessert to treat yourself or getting away after a long day at work.
5	The small plates were awesome! I had an amazing server. She was very attentive the whole time my husband I were there. The hookahs were very smooth and the deserts are amazing. I hope to go here at least one more time before I leave Charlotte
5	Love love the hookah here!! Probably one of the best I had! They had my favorite flavor rosemint and it was perfect. Not too harsh. Good ambiance, nice and trendy, good music and desserts. Will definitely be back I'm in town again. Also, great customer service.
4	Trendy, artsy and delectable find in the Uptown area. Great service and extremely accommodating servers! Our table bought three two-hosed hookahs (go on Sunday nights, it's half off with the purchase of a food/beverage!), two sets of cupcakes-- the red velvet was rich and marvelous, and the s'mores tray-- presented with an adorable fire built into the plate.I see some complaints about the dress code, but I honestly like the idea of creating a uniform environment.Ask for the deck of Cards Against Humanity!
