4	Big Surf has been the Valley's premiere water park for years. I know I went here when I was a kid (I won't admit to how long ago THAT was...) Long before there were water slides, the wave pool was the place to be in the summer. They call it Waikiki Beach, although I see no real resemblance to Hawaii but water. There used to be a true sandy beach here which was fun, but no more. Besides the wave pool, there are several themed areas, one with very tame water features geared towards the littlest kids, others for kids of all ages, and then the 15 Main Event water slides. The Tahitian Twisters are great water slides for younger kids (or sissy Moms) who aren't quite ready for the wild slides at Hurricane Falls.You can purchase a season pass, good for admission to any of these three parks all year long. If you intend to go several times per year,
3	It was alright.But I thought Sunsplash had better more "Adult" slides.Big Sur has mostly tubed slides.  I like the open slides.  Eh, its a waterpark.  Whatever.
3	For the past several years my family has purchased season tickets to Big Surf, which also allows entrance into Sun Splash.  We have frequented both parks often every summer.  I love Big Surf in that you can ride the waves on a raft, and love the slides at Sun Splash...the only problem is, in the past few years, the season tickets have become so inexpensive that the parks are SOOO crowded that they are no longer enjoyable.  It used to be, you could go on a week day and it wasn't so bad, now it doesn't matter when you go, both parks are packed...which tells me 1 thing...we need more water parks in the valley.  Mesa just recently approved a big water park with a hotel slated to be built around the 101\202 junction.  I am hoping the opening of that park will thin out some of the masses at the other two on this side of the valley.
4	Save big- buy the Groupon! I bought the 1/2 price Groupon last summer and went to Big Surf for the first time. Who knew it was so close to home?! This summer I bought the season pass for $49. BS had originally planned to raise the price of the season pass to $69, but decided to keep it at $49 all summer. I found the park small with only 10 working slides, but the best part is that there's no waiting during the week. Even on weekends you don't have to wait as long to slide as you do at other water parks.The wave pool was nice to hang out in and catch some rays. I like walking through the shallow water as you enter to strengthen my help legs. My friends and I took silly pictures on the floats in the kiddy pool. It felt good to be a "kid" for the day. The food is rather pricey and on the "unhealthy" side, but there are three healthy items on the menu- Chicken Ceasar salad for $5.50, ceasar salad and watermelon. The rest is burgers, fries, pizza and hot dogs.There is a Water Overload on Friday nights from 6:30- 10 PM. This summer it is FREE for season pass holders and $10 for general admission. I am looking forward to checking that out. Enclosed slides with no natural light shinigng throught the cracks sounds like F.U.N. to me!If you can't find me on Yelp, I'll be at the water park.
4	We bought season passes this year as they are $49 a person until June 1 and we figured since we don't have a pool and this waterpark is a 5 minute drive from our house we would definitely use them!My husband and I grew up with "America's Largest Waterpark" (Noah's Ark in Wisconsin) so we always have trouble properly assessing other waterparks - they always seem really really small to us!  This one is small but I definitely think there is enough to do here that both a family with young children or a couple without kids would have a fun day of it!The first thing I noticed about Big Surf that I liked was that the parking is FREE!  This is great for people who are on a budget and especially for us who plan to go frequently for short periods of time and don't want to spend $15 for two hours of swimming to park!  The lot is also very accessible to where the slides and wave pool are so it's not a huge ordeal to go out to your car have lunch, or if you want to keep your things in there (which I'd recommend if you are on a budget as the lockers end up costing $6!). The waterpark is smaller than the other one I've been to in northern Phoenix and has less water slides (and all but two of the large slides are tube slides which I don't like as much as the open slides), but the lifeguards and other staff are very friendly and make you feel right at home, and there are enough slides that you can cruise around and don't get bored.  The wave pool is huge and very fun - they have Boogie Boarding sessions from 12:30-1 and 5:30-6 daily and you CAN bring your own boogie board for that which I would recommend if you plan to go a few times as it costs $5 to rent one and they can only be used for that 1/2 hour.  We had a very enjoyable day at Big Surf and look forward to going back throughout the summer on those scorching Phoenix days!
4	Ahh, Big Surf I owe you my childhood memories and my love of water slides. My favorite one is the big black one (that's what she said) where you don't know that the heck is going on or how far you have gone because everything is pitch black. You are not allowed to take any food inside but come on just hide a sandwich in your bathing suit and a corn dog in your trousers. Go on coupon days that can be found on their website.
3	Would give this place 3.5 stars...The place is chill. $28 bones per person. If your 48" and above it's full price. Come early to get a spot under an umbrella. Give or take 30 umbrellas. Your other alternatives are the general seating areas but it's not close to the water attractions. It's more like picnic tables. Parking is free and close to the entrance which may give you an option to bring snacks and eat at the parking area. There were a significant amount of people who brought coolers staked out an grass area and chowed down. Your wrist band allows re-entry. You can grab a BBQ combo which includes a beverage for $10-12 bones inside. Most of the visitors migrate to the wave pool. A wave every 3-5 minutes. Rafts or body boards are available for $5 with a refundable $1. You may bring your own board. They will also allow specific time for individuals with body boards (others wait outside the wave pool). Lockers are $7. The slides are okay nothing spectacular and the majority are enclosed tubes. Pick up a tube/raft below the ride, hall it up, hop on, and down you go. There are double tubes if you want to double up on the ride. The place are manage by young adults but these young lifeguards will definitely put you in your place if your unsafe in the water. I commend them for that! Overall, not crowded for a weekend holiday. Great place to spend a few hours if that's your goal (gets redundant after a few hours). Close to Tempe and doable from Scottsdale. Would come again to kill a few hours and get your fix.
3	Fun place to get wet in the summer heat. This park has a large wave pool but not a lot of slides. Found the slides just OK. Think they are over due for something new.
5	I have been going to Big Surf since I was a teenager.  But I've been going as a Season Pass holder for the last two years with my children.  This place has it down right!!  Check it out:FREE Parking!  ALWAYS have great specials going on to make it more affordable to visit and play.  Check their website because everyday there is a special going on.Low prices on food and drinks!FUN slides, although they are overdue for some new ones... but STILL fun!Wave pool is the best part!  You CAN actually catch waves on this thing.  So much fun for the family!  Renting the rafts to ride these waves are affordable.  They even give you $1 back when you turn them back in.Sprinklers on the ground and REAL cool grass so your feet do not burn as you move from ride to ride.Easy to find a patch of grass with chairs for sitting.  Even allow you to bring in your own camping chair so you don't have to use theirs.Great music and the sound of waves makes for a very relaxing atmosphere for just chilling and reading a good book.Lifeguards and Security are on the ball!  They are friendly and are quick to respond to issues.Season passes are $49 before the month of June.  They give you a discount book along with it to use on their food and rafts through out the season.
3	Live close to this waterpark.  My little girl loves the childrens park espiecially the little slides. The only thing is the bottom of the pool is a little dirty they need to get one of those pool vacumns out there.. Other then that the wave pool is awesome espicially for those who like to buggy board, the wave goes off every 5-10 minutes so it's not a long wait.  They also have a newer section to the right of the wave pool that is great for kids it's has a long seat in the middle under shade so parents can sit and watch the kids. Also it has 4 smaller slides connected to it that is great for smaller kids as well.
5	We're in our 30s with no children and still love this waterpark. We typically go during the week, and, if you arrive early, you can snag lounge chairs under a cabana for relief from the sun (so you can actually spend a long time there).We love how it feels uncrowded, with not much waiting for slides. The staff is friendly and helpful. The grounds are spotless (bathrooms need a little more upkeep, though). Only one slide was not working when we were there. I like how they have lots of levels of play. Small splash pools for little ones, and everything from tiny slides to fully enclosed twisty ones. Some slides require a tube, which is readily supplied by the ride. You can rent a raft for just $5, and you get $1 back when you return it. The raft is for wave pool.We love the free parking, and you can always print a coupon from their website.We finally had lunch there and have to say, it's really not good. The chili on the chili cheese fries is terrible, although you do get a large portion. The cheeseburgers were small and barely lukewarm. The pizza is probably your best bet. We saw a mom buy a whole one for about $16. She asked them to slice it into 10 pieces to feed more kids. Everyone in line wished they had ordered it!
4	Really enjoyed our season pass this summer at Big Surf.  We went so many times the season pass more than paid for itself.  We enjoy the feeling like we are on vacation even though we are in our own "backyard" and it's a fabulous way to keep cool and enjoy some family time together.  I saw Big Surf on Arizona Highways TV Show and was so glad we decided to give it a try this summer.  We plan to buy the seaons pass again next year because 1) it's sooo affordable 2) our little girl never got tired of going there, they have something for everyone, bigger slides as well as a kiddie pool (2 actually, one is 1 foot, another is 2 feet deep and they also have a totally separate baby play area with plenty for the toddlers to do).  My only complaint is that if you do not arrive early, it can be hard to find chairs/lounge chairs to use to put your stuff but for the most part you are in the water and we have on occassion put towels on the grassy area and left our stuff, it's always pleasant there and even though it's old it's fun to imagine what it must have been like when it opened up in the 1950's.  It can use some updating but it's very clean, the water is always very clean and they have a lot of staff all over and free life vests for the kids, the rentals for rafts are so reasonable and they even give you coupons when you buy the season pass for discounts off the food, ice cream as well as the rental fees.  I think if you live in AZ it's a no brainer to pick up a season pass, even if you only go a few times you will get your money's worth.  We even got passes to bring a friend for free and we had out of town guests who also enjoyed going there with us.  Thank you Big Surf for a fun summer.
4	My kids and I really liked this place!  Went on a weekday and it wasn't crazy crowded.  We got there right when it opened so there were plenty of chairs, but even hours later there were still chairs available.  The wave pool was definitely the best part.  We rented rafts and spent hours riding the waves all the way in.  So fun!  Food wasn't overpriced either.  I bought some sort of Groupon like certificate so it only cost us $13 per person.  Probably wouldn't pay full price, but they have good deals on certain days of the week if you check their website.  We'll definitely go back!
5	Our family has been going to this water park for a long, long time now.  I don't care about how much it costs to get in or how much season passes cost, it isn't out of line with anything else you are going to pay for to do in the Phoenix area.No, the lure for our family is the wave pool.  It is huge and it's awesome fun! We rent the rafts, hang out as close to the back of the pool as you can get and wait for the wave.  Start paddling as hard as you can just before it gets to you and away you go!! You can ride those waves all the way up to the front EVERY single time if you know how to do it.  Well, sometimes there are too many people in the way and then you go crashing into all of them! Awesome fun!!  Remember to take water-proof sunscreen and put it on throughout the day!
2	Place needs some tlc.  Larger kiddie part desperately needed.  Wet n Wild much much better.
4	We were there May 12, 2012 (Saturday). We brought non perishable goods and availed the 50% discount on entrance.Fun place. Nice pools and slides and waves.Food pricey, though.
5	First off, Wet n' Wild does NOT have the wave pool that Big Surf does.  In fact, there isn't anything like it that I have experienced except the real ocean itself.  Second, Wet 'n Wild has LONG waits for the good rides.  I have only been there once and though I loved the rides: an hour wait to get on a ride that lasts 60 seconds?  That's worse than Disneyland!  Second, there really isn't ANYTHING in the Phoenix area that has the huge, giant tube slides that you will find in other water parks such as Hurricane Harbor.  Which I find really odd, since it is soooooo freakin' hot here.  If any of these parks had a 70 foot slide or tube, I would be all over it.3rd, I have been going to Big Surf since the place opened.  That was a LONG time ago.  I DO remember the summer shortly after it opened with a news piece in the Arizona Republic that they had taken a water sampling and it was - more urine than water, ugggh.  But those issues aren't issues with any waterparks anymore with advanced technology to filter out that stuff.  Kids and water equal peeing in the water and who needs a bathroom.  4th.  I don't go to any of the other waterparks.  They simply don't have the allure of Big Surf and the Wave Pool.  To each his/her own.  I like tubes and slides, but the idea of riding a raft on a wave for hundreds of feet to the pool's beach is way far cooler to me than tubes - but again, if a park were to build real tubes, the really tall ones, that would get that park a lot of people.  5th. Yes, food is expensive at Big Surf.  It is also expensive at any movie theater you go to and certainly no more than any of the other water parks.  It is taking it totally out of context to say that Big Surf is expensive for food or admission and end it there.  What about EVERYWHERE else?  The SAME thing!!  Plus, you CAN get deals, just have to look for them.  Have you been to the ball park lately and seen the price of their food?  What about Cardinals stadium? ROFL!!!!
2	It's ok- last year we had Golfland Sunsplash season passes and were planning to go there again this year but when they had a one day only 12 hour super sale on season passes and I just so happened to be working a 12 hour shift that day-they peeved me into buying Big Surf season passes.Now-Big Surf, is a bit nicer and more relaxed than Sunsplash, but it could definately use some cleaning and care. The staff are mostly high school age and have no customer service or training-so next year Big Surf could save money on staffing and just hire monkeys or hyenas because either would do the job better than what's working there now.If you go with really low expectations, you are going to have a great time.The food is mediocre and pricey. The parking is free and ample. The large wave pool is nice and full of pee. How do I know? I never see anyone in the bathrooms.The slides are average.Again, go with low expectations and all is going to be fine.
4	Being from California I have days where I just want to go to the beach. My boyfriend suggested we check out Big Surf because we live so close. It was a really great time, and probably as close to feeling like I was at the beach that would have been possible that day!   The big wave pool sends a HUGE wave (bigger than I expected) every 3 - 5 minutes. There is also a boogie board session a couple times a day, which I liked. The boogie board rental was totally reasonable. We went early in the morning, just when it opened and enjoyed the big wave pool, and the tube slides.  I think we should have just bought a season pass! They were grilling up some food that looked pretty yum, but we wanted to head to a restaurant and cool off when we left. All the prices were reasonable, and it was a fun time!!!
4	So far I've been here twice.  I have been to quite a few water parks including one of the biggest in the country.  While this is not as huge as that it is certainly a lot of fun and a great time in the Arizona heat.  I have to laugh at the people saying the food is pricey! Being from New York I'm used to having to spend over 30.00 for two people to eat lunch at our biggest water park! The prices here do not seem to be anymore unreasonable than going to a fast food place and if you go to an amusement park and expect cheap food that's kinda silly anyway.  That being said I still found it much cheaper than average. This time I actually brought lunch and left it in the car in a cooler bag.  So I didn't spend anything on food. No problems leaving, and also it's great that they let you bring in your own water in a cooler bag.Another thing is that the parking is totally free and it's very close so it's convenient to just leave things in the car as opposed to paying for a locker.  When we went after noon it was a bit tough to get the lounge chairs with an umbrella but we had no problem finding a few scattered chairs and putting them together in one area.   I think getting there before noon is your best bet as we did the first time.As for the slides they offer everything for kids, infants/toddlers, and adults.  From an infant/toddler pool area, a larger pool for kids with smaller slides and adult slides.They have a nice selection of slides, not a ton but enough to keep you busy, and without long lines you can go on several slides more than once in addition to the huge wave pool.  I really love the body slides, they are fast and fun!  The tube slides are also equally as fun.  Since I've gone I haven't waited in line for more than a few minutes at most which is really great.  Bathroom is close by, I actually recommend the women's bathhouse bathroom as opposed to the women's bathroom.  The bathhouse has more bathrooms and is much larger.  If you see a line in the women's bathroom keep walking and go to the bathhouse instead or skip straight to the bath house instead.Overall I think it's a fun time for all and recommend it!
3	Groupon had a great deal for over half off on general admission to  Big Surf Waterpark (www.bigsurfaz.com), only $13 each! We bought four and headed out for some fun. It had been almost 15 years since my last visit on a Texas high school band trip. No more hot sand to walk on!!!It's always nice when your kids are excited about a family adventure, but today I thought our son was going to literally cry for joy & excitement!  He loves the ocean & roller coasters.  What better combination then Big Surf's wave pool & numerous water slides!  We did the economic thing, and ate before we left for the park. We knew there would be looks of junk food available and you aren't allowed to bring in any outside food, only factory sealed water is allowed. They checked our bags, although not as thorough as the TSA and no pat-down either. We did take about eight bottles of water, about two shy of what we could have used. We lucked out and had an overcast day. Overcast day in Phoenix, how does that happen?  We not only ate before we left, but we put our first of multiple coats of sunscreen on as well. It's really easy to forget sunscreen when the sun is hidden by clouds, but you can still get burnt even if you can't see the sun. Always wear sunscreen when you have an outdoor activity!!We easily used our Groupons and entered the park. A lot had changed in 15 years!  IMO (in my opinion) the best upgrade are the palapas and removal of all the sand. The grass and water paths feel much better on your feet than red hot sand any day. We rode the slides until we couldn't see straight and then headed for the wave pool. They rent rafts for $5 plus tax. It sure would make it easier if they figured the price with tax included. You get a dollar back when you return the raft, bet you don't get the tax back from the difference on $4 instead of $5. I'm sure that adds up over hundreds of rentals per day! They also rent boogie boards and surf boards for the wave pool. The inability to bring in your own food also gives them the monopoly on food pricing. Some of the items were decently priced and others a bit out of hand for a family of four or more.  We had two personal pizzas, 3 tacos & a serving of watermelon for just under $20.  I can't imagine the cost of eating if both our children were Tweens or older, we'll enjoy it while we can. Overall we had a good time. The staff was all very friendly and respectful. The grounds could have used a bit more cleaning and maybe sweep the standing water off the low areas, they made for an eye-sore and we avoided them as much as possible. They were extremely dirty and steaming hot too. There could have been more lounge chairs available as well. All of this was tolerable, but not having enough tubes for the slides is inexcusable!  The park wasn't swamped by any means and there still wasn't enough tubes to accommodate the slide participants. If you were lucky the person getting off the slide would do the right thing and give it to the next person waiting in line for a tube. If you weren't so lucky you got side-swiped with that tube you were waiting for as the current holder zoomed past you for another turn. If you can get a good deal and have enough sunscreen, we highly recommend visiting Big Surf Waterpark. They do offer summer passes as well.
4	We visited Big Surf for the first time yesterday and overall had a great time.  I have a groupon for $13 admission, but when I noticed it was BOGO Tuesday, we saved the groupons for later.  Our work schedule allows for Mondays and Tuesdays off so it was perfect.  Not crowded at all.  I think a lot of the kiddos are back in school too.  I would never go to this place on a weekend.  I avoid most things like this on weekends.  You're just asking for crowds and long lines, so those that complain about that stuff when they go on a Saturday need to have their head examined.The lifeguards were friendly yet professional and we noticed there were plenty of them all over the place to monitor what's going on.  We rented a locker which was not the best scenario because you have to wait to use the machine to get back into it and of course I'd get stuck behind someone who acted like they've never seen a keypad before.  It wasn't too bad because it wasn't busy, but I can't imagine the wait when it gets close to closing time.  From reading some of the other reviews, I didn't even think about keeping stuff in the car and going back out to get it instead of using a locker.  I didn't know they'd let you go in and out of the park.  That's pretty cool and what I'll do next time.Everything was clean except the women's bathroom floor had quite a bit of water that wasn't draining anywhere.  Could use a squeegy every so often.  My husband is 46 and has never been to a waterpark in his life and after the first trip down that tornado twister slide he said, "THAT was worth the price of admission!".  We'll definitely be back and next year will probably buy the season passes.We did not have any food while we were there but the pizza smelled really good.  It seemed like a great place for families to have a really fun time together.
3	I bought a groupon yay at $13 and it was so worth it! As for rides not amazing a little run down, and there were only like 6 slides for big kids total. I'd bring my kids to this park but not a teen it might be a little lame! I loved the wave pool it was amazing in the az heat! I body boarded and the food wasn't outrageously expensive $10 at most, and lockers were $7 and parking was FREE!! I went on a weekday the lines were perfect, bringing my little brother and his girlfriend here was a sucess but no raging waters in cali!! I would suggest a lazy river or something, but overall great experience I would go back with a groupon but not for full price at $26! Place is great for young kids 10 and under full staffed and family friendly but a little run down! I would go with a coupon, its a cheap az thrill for sure!
3	First time I've been here in a LONG time, and it's still great.  Not too crowded (went on a summer Friday afternoon), generally clean and lots of room to stretch out on a lounge chair on the grass under a thatched roof umbrella.  Lots of staff keeping things (reasonably) safe.  Great wave pool and lots of slides.  A little pricey ($29 for me), so that's the only reason I'm taking off a star.  Go after 2 pm for a little break on the price.
3	The bf saw a groupon for this and asked me jokingly to call in sick for a day of waterpark fun. I (being the spontaneous person I am) said "let's do it!" I am from California so I have been to my fair share of waterparks growing up. The one's in Cali are a lot bigger with a lot more rides and attractions. I must say I still had a great time coming here. We hit all the slides multiple times, and since it was in the middle of the week it wasn't too crowded. The wave pool is pretty interesting since it consists of one large wave that comes every couple of minutes, not like what I had seen at other waterparks where a number of waves comes periodically. It was also strange to me that we had to pay for rafts, I don't remember ever doing that anywhere else. I also missed my favorite "lazy river" that is at every waterpark I've been to. But other than that there is a good time to be had. I don't know if I would go back without a groupon but I recommend giving it a try especially if you have young kids.
1	Watch out for thieves. The rented rafts get stolen if you look the other way, my sons shoes were stolen, the pretzels we bought to snack were stolen, even my sunscreen  was stolen right in front of my nose. Parents are just as trifling as bad kids, if you see your child is wearing someone else's shoes why do you allow and encourage that?  And how are you going to eat someones food? This is just nasty. I rather pay more and go to Wet and Wild instead and save myself from little criminals and their parents.
4	A great place for some fun in the sun. I've been to both Sunsplash and Big Surf and both have their pros and cons. Big surf is great for the younger kids. I took my five year old who is 41" and she was actually able to go on slides that looked to be for older children. She loved it. Faster slides that made her feel like the big girl she is. For adults, Sunsplash is better, for your kids, definitely Big Surf. Either way, it's a great park to go to
4	had a living social deal and decided it would be fun to go since I hadn't been here for over 15 years - it's a decent water park still and I had fun.there is free parking - if all the spots are taken there is a dirt lot to park in south of parking lot and is accessible while in the parking lot.you can bring your own water inside with you as long as the seal has not been broken - definitely recommend this since a small water bottle to buy at the park was $2.50.there are lockers available to rent and you can even use a credit card! my friend and I were able to tightly fit our 2 bags into a large ($10), the other lockers are $7 for a small and I think $15 for extra large.I had the pizza slices for lunch ( a little over $8 with tax) and did not find them tasty at all - the fries are delicious though.tubes to use on rides are free - you just go to the bottom of a ride and choose a single or double - people put the tubes there after they use it so if there aren't any, you would just need to wait, which did not happen in my experience.if you want a raft for the wave pool they are $5. you can return the raft and just pick them up again throughout the day as long as u keep your bracelet on, that way you don't have to carry them around all day, and then at the end of the day they give you $1 back.only thing to really complain about is the need to wear flip flops so your feet don't burn. we put our flips flops in a grass area outside of the wave pool versus wearing the flip flops in the water. this ended up working out fine but keep in mind you're still taking the risk of coming back to find your shoes gone. in regards to rides, you have to hold them with you as you slide down, which kinda sucks but it's better than standing in line without any on.so all in all, it was a good experience and I would go back again.
4	Ahhh... the water park of my youth. Who remembers sand entering the wave pool? You don't? Well, now you know how old I am! Took the family here last weekend. I love taking the kids and they always roll their eyes when I start reminiscing about the 80's. However, we still manage to have a great time. It is smaller than the other water parks in the valley, but that's ok. It's a nice set up. I highly recommend coming at the end of the season. It's not as busy, and the food is half price. Just a nice, relaxing day at the fake beach. With waterslides!
4	Came here during Soundwave Music Festival.  When we get to the place, we were wondering why were the girls dressed like they're going to a club or not going into the water.  One girl said to us, "Didn't you hear about last year?" Noooo, this was our first time here and we're not from this state.  I don't know what happened, but no one's allowed to go on the rides...laaaaaame.  Not sure if there was re-entry, but my out-of-town friend and I should've probably came earlier to experience the waterpark, etc.  Oh well, maybe next time.  The stages were all right.  My friend loved Calvin Harris' set.  She was the center of attention raging on the floor with her wedges.  I think it's more fun up front, but she didn't like how it was too crowded.  I also don't know how people can dance to sandals, especially when people around you step on your feet.  Note to self: wear shoes! or the like...This park seemed to be strict, they don't allow the DJ to go over.  If they do, barely a couple minutes.  Calvin went over 5 minutes and they got on his case about it.  Laaaame..As we were leaving, we saw a limo get towed.  Sucks for whomever came with that limo.  The exit situation in the parking lot was a drag also.  We had to wait for the longest time and we had people cutting.  But of course, that always happens...
5	9/16/12.They have big wave on 11.30am and other hours too! I like it since its cleaner than the ocean so you don't have too worry about the sands!The foods just so so. You can buy pizza, hot dogs, ice cream, Smoothies, nachos, burgers, subs, etc. I prefer bring my own cooler & foods.  But please call them first to make sure you can have it.Awesome place!  Medium locker $7 and large locker is $10.
4	First waterpark stop of the summer was at Big Surf.  Was lucky to get a military discount that day so we only had to pay for one admission, which I thought was worth it.  The slides are not anything too treacherous.  By body hates body slides anymore, I get banged up.  But the best part about the park is the wave pool and boogie boarding sessions!  There are certain parts of the day when they kick everyone out of the wave pool and you have to have a boogie board to go in.  It's only for about a half hour, so you get about 8 waves to try to catch, but it was so much fun.  Takes a couple to get the hang of it, but then you just ride it all the way to the shallow end.  Great workout!They also have a big grassy area with grass umbrellas to put your chair if you get there early enough.  The food was pretty good, they grill burgers and dogs & comes with sides and a drink for a decent price.  Lots of kiddie pools for those with little ones.  I would take guests here with kids if I were to go back.
4	This is a pretty good water park, and a great substitute for the beach. The wave pool is probably the highlight for me, since it's real fun and relaxing to be carried away by the waves. However, the slides fall into two categories:1. Anal cleansing 2. Floatie slideI think it's definitely worth it with the half off discount ($14 per person). Even with the discount though, we could've driven to a real beach with all the money we spent today! But, it's nice if it's a lazy summer day and you've got nothin' to do. But, I'm glad I went, it was totally worth it!
3	Of the watermarks in the valley, we've enjoyed this the most. Although there have been a few downsides. It seems that the past 3. Years we've had season passes the quality of the park has declined. There seems to be more areas that need repair and cleaning each year. I'd like to see the owners re-invest in the building and repair of the water walk-ways as well as all the cracks in concrete.Also, they need to revisit their pricing strategy. Paying $3 for a 3 month old feels like being nickel n dime'd.On the side, their French fries are amazing and they give you an ability to buy a foundation drink cup to only pay $1 for refills which is a plus.We'll continue to go, but hope they consider our feedback.
5	Kids loved it!! My son loved the kiddie section and probably went down the kidde waterslides fifty times!
1	I bought my tickets through groupon for $14 each. Good deal! My family & I were going on a Sunday. I googled the waterpark to find out the hours. It said it opens at 10. As I was checking the website for what I can bring into the park i noticed it said 11. Then I checked the yelp reviews and yelp said they open at 10. I wanted to be there when it opened so I could get a shade area in the grass. At this point I was thoroughly confused so I decided to call and listen to the message. The message seemed to be updated since they posted the date and time their summer weekend hours started, which was 10. So we got there at 9:45. The parking lot was empty so I went to the front to see if hours were posted. On a chalkboard it said they are open at 11. As I was walking back to the parking lot someone who was operating a leaf blower told me it opens at 10. I explained that the sign said they open at 11 but he assured me they open at 10. I don't think he works for the company so I disregarded what he said. When I saw someone in a golf cart I asked him. He was wearing a big surf shirt so I knew he would have accurate information. He told me it opens at 11. I told him that I checked the phone message and that it said they open at 10. He shrugged his shoulders at me and said, "well, we open at 11."  He absolutely didn't care about the inconvenience that I had experienced even after I explained it to him. He was actually very rude to me then drove away in his golf cart. The general manager, Bob, is in serious need of customer service training. He does not care about the customer, customer satisfaction or his job. Besides that, as soon as I entered the park I noticed that the trash cans were already completely full. It looked as though things were not cleaned up from the day before. The bathrooms were just disgusting. It was out of toilet paper but there was soap and paper towels. Each time I used the restroom I never once saw people wash their hands. They just walked out, which doesn't have anything to do with Big Surf but it just added to the feeling that this is a dirty place. My boyfriend told me that the men's bathroom was out of paper towels all day. No one went to clean or check on them for the entire day. The park looks like they need to do some major renovations. The lines are not as busy as other water parks, so that's a plus. But there is also a reason why I suppose. I won't be back.
3	Didn't know there were water slides that could scare the crap outta me.  Park is a bit run down, and some of the slides were out of commission, but an overall good time.
4	Went last weekend for the first time. Family had a ton of fun. Daughter loved the kid slides. A few staff could be a little more attentive at the slides, but the majority were great! Looks like the park could use a few cosmetic updates, but will def return again!
3	This spot was FUN! I enjoyed the wave pool, there was enough variety in the slides that it kept myself and my 30 year old boyfriend pretty entertained. And the price of admission was very inexpensive! Then again, I am from Seattle, so I don't have much to go off of when it comes to Waterparks :P
3	Came on a Groupon so it was definitely worth the price, although at the regular ($30/pp) I'm not sure it would have seemed as great. The concessions weren't too overpriced considering the size of the meals. The secret winner here are the fries- SO GOOD! Nice and small and crispy without being dry. They need a little better consistency and display of the rules. Our daughter got smacked with the short stick pretty hard, but we are a swimming family. Both husband and I were on swim teams growing up and our daughter is an excellent swimmer. The first time we went in the wave pool no one said anything to/about her height (about 43" at almost 7 years old). The second time there was someone at the entrance with a measuring stick and told her she had to wear a life jacket for being under 48". She was very upset and felt like a baby. The only sign posted outside the wave pool says non-swimmers must be accompanied by a parent and can not go past the 3ft mark. They need to post their actual requirements and have consistency with the lifeguards monitoring entry & height requirements. There was a pretty good variety of slides that she was able to ride for her height, though. Overall it was a good time.
1	Ok I give the park 3 stars but 1 star for the surf hour it's a bummer because of the locals that go there.  The guy that runs the surf shop is a d-bag. Me and my buddy were sharing my board so I would wait in line till there session was done and then he would bring the board to me and vice versa. So I waited in line my buddy brings my board to me and mr surf shop says I need to go to the back of the line if I'm sharing a board and wait.... I just waited I told him and I'm not going to the back of the line, he said its a rule. I asked who's rule? He said its an unspoken rule the regulars made.... Kiss my.... I just waited and you want me to wait again just cause I'm sharing a board what kind of bs is that I paid money to ride just like everyone else. If you want to have fun don't surf here, not worth the wait or the bs or the 3 second ride  or the money.......
4	This place is super great! We've always used Groupons, so there are no complaints on the price. I can think of two times in particular that were awesome.1.) Went with the whole family. We ordered a large pizza. The pizza is not good here at all, but it filled us up and kept us in the park all day. We got there first thing in the morning and stayed all day. Everyone was happy and busy the entire time. You MUST splurge for the raft though. They aren't that expensive (I think like, 6 bucks), and you get a dollar back when  you turn them back in. They are also really cool about replacing a raft when it gets hijacked by a little turd in the wave pool.2.) Went for my Son's birthday. Before hitting the park, we took my son, daughter, and his 3 best friends to a buffet. They all had a blast at the park and we stayed until they closed. They all got rafts. The only complaint is that the seating situation sucks pretty bad. They should invest in some more chairs.Lots of fun for a lazy summer day. I'm sure we'll be back again next summer!
4	Cool waterFree life jacketsFood prices decentGutter with running water so you don't have to worry about hot Arizona sun baking the pavement and trying to walk on it.Clean ladies roomWave pool fun not many people on week day Rented boogie board $5.50 raft $6.50 Went with 5 grandkids ages 7-11 and they had a blast. We got them Group-On coupons for Christmas.We ate lunch in the car based on reviews we read here.Don't try to sneak food into the park, they go through everything you bring in and even pat down your towels to make sure nothing is hidden.I highly recommend that you go in with the least amount of stuff possible, no chairs. Sunblock and maybe one towel for every 2 people. You just aren't going to be sitting, you will be "playing".
5	The employees are really friendly and sometimes they post specials on their Facebook page for discounts on tickets. They also just got a liquor license and have an indoor bar there for 21+ only. It's a really nice place to relax for a bit in the AC and have a drink when it's really hot out. Had a great time today. The park is smaller than Sunsplash but the employees are MUCH more friendly and kind.
2	Ouch. What happened between opening weekend and Labor Day weekend?  We had a great time on opening weekend, so much so we bought season passes. This weekend was TERRIBLE!  Sure there were more people, but the staff was rude. I actually got yelled at by an 18 year old life guard (as a 40 year old father) for standing too close to a railing. Meanwhile, no one gave a crap about the fact some teenagers stole my kids' $6.50 rented rafts from their hands in the wave pool. Later when we went to complain and get new rafts, the line was so long we just gave up and went home. I ate a reasonably priced $7.99 cheeseburger meal with fries and a medium Pepsi, but the meat was so terrible I couldn't finish it. It was insult to injury as they only had four of the eight order windows open, so it took forever to order, even though they had staff inside standing around doing nothing. Maybe it's just normal kinks they have to work out each year with new staff, but I'm pretty pissed about buying season passes now. Pick it up Big Surf, management 100% to blame today!
4	Happy Memorial Day!  Thank you for having a Groupon promotion!  Lines are pretty short  today which makes everyone happy.  Water is a good temperature so you can walk right in and enjoy!  Make sure to bring your sun block.
5	LOVED this water-park and we will DEFINITELY return!Our kids are 2 and 5 and they loved it too.  We spent a lot of time in the kiddie pool but the 5 year old also really enjoyed all the other slides.We found the employees to be very friendly and we even made a stop at the first aid station for a band-aid where they took great care of my little one.  I'm so pleased that they offer life-vests for free!I wish there were so healthier options for food and/or the ability to bring in your own, otherwise, though, it was a great outing!
4	This was the first time we visited Big Surf and was not disappointed. But very crowded which is normal for a weekend but this was the holiday weekend so they close a little earlier. Good deal on groupon but the locker cost pretty much the same as the ticket. I had to leave early before i get to enjoy the park completely but will return again for sure. Not a bad place at all.
5	For one it's very fun!! I could stay in the huge wavepool all day!! The employees are very nice!! I forgot my locker code, they helped and were nice! Someone stole my raft I paid for and I got a replacement easy, also nice!! Tons of good options, cheap watermelon! Had a great day! 200% will be back!!
3	I took my 12 year old son to Big Surf yesterday as my wife bought tickets at Costco.  All the employees were super polite. The food & drink places will have you declare bankruptcy in no time. The water slides need to be torn down and re-done. There were electrical junction boxes open with exposed wires. The rides themselves were ok not what we thought they were going to be by any means.  Beach harbor was a blast.
4	Flippin' fun family timeVisited for the birthday of our daughter's friend. Had never heard of the place, but glad we visited.After some minor disorganization at Admissions, we visited the Office and were quickly led to the birthday cabana for our group.Started off in the young kids area. The girls all enjoyed the small- to mid-sized slides and 2-ft pool.  Always have some kids who misbehave and whose parents aren't around.  They were not common though, so won't hold Big surf responsible for a few bad eggs.  We did inherit a little girl who jumped on one of our rafts, followed by her grandma yelling "It's okay" to our group. Chose not to tell her that would be our call as she seemed like a nice (albeit bored) kid.  We sent her back after about 30 minutes of playing as it was pizza time. Staff was very attentive at the birthday party.  Afterward, the girls worked their way up to the taller slides.  Despite some fear, the kiddos all got in rafts and did at least one tall ride. Lifeguards and other visitors were very nice with the girls showing some trepidation.  They helped make the day a success.Then, it was on to the wave pool, which is a congested cluster of people waiting for occasional big waves.  We hung out near the "shore" as so many people were bouncing into each other and because our six year-olds are only okay swimmers.  Saw a concussion. Had two people with rafts ride waves into us.  And had to tell some kids not to be so rough around little ones.  Still, the girls all had a blast and didn't want to leave when the whistle blew. Yay!  We'll have to go, again.
1	Disgusting! We got a groupon and that prompted us to try it out. It was super dirty. The lifeguards don't do anything except yell at you for sitting too close to a wall or tell you to move your tubes. There are not enough tubes, so we waited forever to get one and the. Had to wait in line. For the slides. The wave pool was dirty and falling apart. Gross. Will never be back.
2	The park is not well managed. About half of the slides require the use of an inner tube. Unlike most water parks, there are no tubes available at the entry to the slides. Apparently people grab up all the inner tubes as soon as the park opens and horde them all day. We were there for 4 hours and never found a single inner tube so we were unable to go on many of the slides. Additionally, the zip line is an additional cost but you can't pay for it at the zip line entrance. You have to go to the other side of the park and find a kiosk to pay. There is no signage about the need to pay elsewhere so we did know  until after we had already waited in line for the zip line.
4	I took my daughter for a day of fun. It was some what limited for my 5 year old as she really wanted to go on the bigger rides including the zip line. Probably not typical of most 5 year old girls. Regardless we stayed for almost the entire day. So I know she enjoyed it. Parking was free which is a big plus. The food really was not that bad considering you are at a water park. They even had BBQ if you wanted to splurge. The only two reasons why I did not give this water park a 5 star review is:1) There needs to be a better system of keeping track of rented rafts. Twice I witnessed two families get a their rented raft stolen from them in the wave pool. Come on people these are just kids your stealing from. Maybe number rafts? Just sad!2) The wave pool here is a blast. But at times there are so many people that you can get hit by other when the waves come. I stood with my back to the wave to protect my little one from being hit by anyone else. I was hit a few times. I other kids being kicked or elbowed, mind you no one was doing it on purpose, just so many people. Don't really know how to change this. All in all we had a really good time. I plan to go again soon. I will update my review at that time.
1	I have been a season pass holder for the last 3 years. At first, it was a huge benefit but now, I feel as if those who buy groupons and living socials are more of a benefit to this establishment. I went to the park yesterday 7/27 only to stand in line for 45 minutes before the park opened because they now open at 11 and not 10 anymore. I then had a group of people cut in front of me with all their coupons. The park was EXTREMELY over crowded. I saw multiple children walk out of the wave pool with BLOODY NOSES. where are the life guards. Also...when are rafts going to be free?  People pay good money only to have them STOLEN!Also, is a swimsuit not needed any longer? My reason for asking is because I saw many people wearing street clothing in the wave pool. This includes denim shorts, white tank tops with bras and the list goes on. This is posted on your website as well as at the entrance. I would NOT recommend getting a season pass as there is virtually no benefit! Totally disappointed
3	Updated review as of Aug 2, 2014.My rating earlier this summer was a solid 4. I am lowering it to a 3.1. This morning half of the slides were closed.  The staff, including guest relations kept quoting different times that they would open.  Finally, a supervisor told me that 7 of the life guards (mostly high school/college kids) called in sick at the last minute.  It took them about 90 minutes to get replacements and open all the slides.  I understand what happened but they lacked a plan for communicating this issue to the paying customers. Signs at the entrance would have helped.   Prepping the staff for how to answer guest questions also would have helped.  I think most people would be understanding.The interior of several of their pools have greatly deteriorated over the summer.They also seem to have a lot less inner tubes than earlier in the summer.  Many of them left are losing air.  That doesn't leave enough tubes for us to use.  Nobody want to wait 10-15 minutes for a tube.Today alone, I saw 7 children get pummeled by rafters in the wave pool.  It is disappointing to see adults not even check to see if the kids they just hit are ok.  I suggest rafts and boogie boards get their own timeslot and not be allowed with swimmers.Team Big Surf - you can do better than this!  After 45 years we expect more!
4	Wait times were exceptional but the quality of the park was a little less than average.Great service and i look forward to going back.I would recommend this to anybody with kids or just want the experience.Great place.
4	Good for the price (4 tickets for $45 online). Good for kids. Older water park and rides aren't too fancy
5	Big surf is not without its problems, but I'm happy and relaxed while I'm there and I leave satisfied and feeling good every single time.  Even when annoying things prevent the visit from being perfect, I still leave happy.  I can't say that about any place else.  That alone is worth 100 stars.  I'd like to offer a few pointers for some of these people who have had bad experiences:  Don't expect too much in terms of customer service.  The place is staffed 98% by kids under 17.  They're stupid, sometimes rude, and have no idea how to answer simple questions. Solution: don't talk to them. Once you're in the gate, there's no reason to talk to the staff.    Don't buy their food.  It's awful, over priced, and birds will RAVAGE it if you turn your back for one second.  Bring a cooler and eat in the parking lot.  They give you a wrist band for a reason.  Don't feel cheap.  Feel smart.  DO NOT go to Big Surf the day after a storm.  There will be crap in the water(crap like leaves, dirt, twigs- not scabs and diapers). If the storm was at night, give it two days.   Get a season pass.  Yes, it is a great deal.  The park is not very crowded in June and July. Go early(check their web site under "deals" and find out what time the boogie board only sessions are) and coordinate your visit around the boogie board sessions.  Stay 1-2 hours each visit. You can do everything in the park and enjoy a wave pool without a ton of people in it.  Don't rent a locker. $7? I don't think so. Get a beach chair and leave your things on it. The only thing that gets stolen at Big Surf is a rental raft, and only kids steal those, and usually in the pool.  Don't bring in anything valuable.  Why would you, anyways?  If you need to have your phone with you at all times, get a water-proof one.  You can use it in the shower.  Two birds one stone.  I have been to Big Surf dozens of times this year.  The initial investment of a season pass was the only money I spent there.  I consider it a great deal and I will do it again next year.2 areas I would like to see improved:  It can sometimes be very slow getting in the front gate.  Put a couple extra kids on the gate looking in bags and putting on wristbands during peak hours.  You can pull one of the women out of the box office.  I always see at least one in there doing nothing, or worse, playing with her phone.  Open a lane for people with no bags to search.  Let people put their own wristbands on.  It's not hard, and the kids usually do a bad job of putting them on, anyways.  Upgrade the P.A. system?  The keypad button-pushing sound before announcements is just abrasive.  Can that be eliminated?
3	Most of my experience here is relative based on much more adequately financed water parks in Southern California (Raging Waters & Hurricane Harbor). Big Surf is anything but big; the place is tiny and looks as if the owners are content making their $12 p/person instead of making the investment necessary to make this a serious valley attraction. It's crazy this is the best Phoenix has to offer in terms of water parks. Half the slides were closed for half the day because their "lifeguards" couldn't get out of bed by noon. Chipped and cracked pools, tubes and walkways all give the impression the place has seen better days.
1	It's so dumb that I paid $120.00 for 3 tickets and then the lifeguards and staff are rude I don't understand why people can't promise the service they did promise. The bathrooms are disgusting, the crowd is horrible, and the place smells like utter crap DON'T GO
4	This water park suits the needs of our family to get out, ride some waves, slide down slides and relax, without blowing our entertainment budget. It's definitely not without it's problems, but it fits our needs just fine! I will be writing management with a few suggestions that won't break their bank but could improve visitor experience though!
4	I went there with my family this summer. So much fun. If you do go I recommend getting a boogie board, or whatever they are called for the wave pool. You have to pay extra but it's worth it!  We didn't eat anything so I'm not sure about the food. Needless to say we had a lot of fun and we were very worn out which is a good thing when you have 2 boys.
4	Today was the last day of the 2014 season here. The kids had a blast even though 5 slides and the south swimming area were closed. We spent most of our time in the wave pool because the remaining open slides had long lines. The food here is all junk! I wish they'd improve their menu. At least the burgers come with lettuce, tomato, and onion. By the time we ordered lunch at 2:00 they had run out of several things on the menu. I got nachos and was a little disappointed...no veggies on those! I like this place because it's open and there's lots of shady, grassy areas to relax. There's always plenty of seating in the food court area. There's a sand volleyball court! The Hawaiian decor and landscaping is fun, too. Some areas could definitely use improving but kids could care less about that stuff. Overall it's a great family outing.
4	This place was awesome. We ordered our tickets online and I think there was a groupon deal which made the trip even better.  It was obviously hot in Arizona so we wanted to take our kids somewhere fun, other than the normal museums and typical tourist attractions.  We yelped this place and it had pretty good reviews so we decided to try this place out.  There were 3 other families with us so we were a pretty good sized group.  The place was easy to find right off of the freeway.  We're from California so it wasn't our home and it was easy to locate.We arrived in the parking lot and there was a ton of parking.  There just isn't a ton of shade.  Be warned, if you have leather seats, your car will be very hot and your seats even hotter.  We tried to guesstimate where the sun would move to face our cars away from it so that the cars would be a tad bit cooler.After parking, we headed to the line.  It wasn't that difficult.  You have to pay for everyone.  Babies aren't free.  Please take note of that.  They do go in the pools after all.  Also, they only allow water bottles. This is pretty typical of any "amusement" type park.  They check everything so be prepared to open your bags and empty out your strollers.  Getting in wasn't too much of a hassle especially with such a large group like ours.  After getting through the front gate, we were well on our way.This water park has something for everyone.  It isn't a large water park.  The wave pool takes most of the room but it's a definite must try when you are in the park.  The best feature about this park are the slides for the kids.  Most parks cater only to adults and big kids or at least kids that aren't afraid of large slides and big pools.  This water park has more than just 1 slide for little kids like mine.  They have about 4 or 5.  Then there's pool that they can swim in and just walk around and/or play in.  There's also a baby pool but that's clear on the other side of the water park.There's a snack bar too but of course it's pretty expensive. There are little meal deals that they offer but of course, you should either eat little small snacks and meals before the water park, order small snacks at the water park, and/or eat a large meal after the water park.  We did all of the above and saved a ton of money especially for our big bunch.There's a small little shop off to the side after the entrance gate if you forgot something like sunglasses, water undies for the little one, sunblock, etc.  The prices aren't actually outrageous so that was a definite plus in my book, especially with my 4 boys eating me out of house and home.When in Arizona, we will definitely be back here.
4	I wish they would throw an event like Wet Electric out here at Raging Waters in California... It would be insane! I've been to Big Surf prior to them hosting Wet Electric and it is a fun water park. Unlike Raging Water they have "areas" where you are able to order/drink alcohol. :p I don't remember food being bad and  their lockers were affordable. I'd go back if ever in AZ. The heat out there is no joke!
