5	I was about to leave the Golden Nugget casino, after experiencing some lousy service at the Grotto bar, and stumbled upon this place on what looked to be my way out the door.  Mashi, the restaurant manager, sat me at the Bar.  And this place really knocked my socks off.  I had one of the best "Sake-rita" cocktails made by Denny Ono from Chicago.  The bar was clean and the service was impeccible.  Yes, it was a busy bar and restaurant that night, and was extremely lucky to grab a seat.  I had the tuna, salmon, and tako sashimi.  And I added a tasty spicy roll to boot.  It was a great surprise that the Chef, Jonathan, sent over a banana lumpia and vanilla ice cream treat with a few shots of Kahlua.  Delicious!  What a way to start the evening right!  Efficient and superb service by Denny Ono, gracious hospitality by Mashi the Manager, and great food prepared by Chef Jonathan.  I usually don't go to hotel sushi bars, but this one is the Jewel of the Golden Nugget.  Arigato gozaimasu, and well done!  And I will be back for more!
4	Sorta hidden in the corner of slot machines, this place was yummers. A bit pricey, but they handled our drunk asses at Midnight on a Sunday and did so with a smile. Their Philly Rolls, and tuna sashimi were jammin' and unpretentious. I like that you are in the casino, but kinda out of it and its really good. It's also cool that you can saunter in after a bad luck streak and get your soosh on.
5	Again, this place continues to amaze.  Denny Ono, Chef Jonathan, and Mashi entertained and created another fabulous dinner.  The tuna sashimi that I had last Sunday night was very tasty and the spicy tuna rolls were again delicious.  It's two-for-two for this hidden gem here at the Golden Nugget.  Thanks again for the great hospitality.  I'll be sure to come back soon.
5	We stopped in this place during our trip to vegas, it was delish!! especially the soft shell crab roll!! out of this world! a little pricey but it was worth it.
5	Price point excellent! Fresh, Staff great. Golden Nugget is awesome, Our new Sushi place in Vegas.
5	I tried Golden Nugget's new sushi restaurant based off its Yelp reviews, and man am I glad I did.  Pros: Both their unique dishes and their simple sushi pieces were incredible, hands down the best sushi I've had all year.  Prices were reasonable for an upscale sushi restaurant.  Decent service, good sake selection and cool interior.Con: My only issue was that it is open to the casino floor.  The trendy interior clashed with the tacky slot machines.
5	My brother and I stopped in about 9:30 on Sunday night. There were a few other people dining here, but not many. We had our pick of where to sit. The waitress seated us, gave us the menus, and took our drink orders. We perused the menu for about 10 minutes and noticed that it's really varied. They seem to have a good selection.We decided to try the Vegas Roll, the Alaskan Roll, and the Shrimp tempura. There is really no need to go into detail and describe each of these dishes because they were all done both masterfully and perfectly. My only regret is that we waited until our last night in Vegas to eat here because we would have eaten here every night if we'd known how good it was.
2	This place is pedestrian at best.  Sat at sushi bar and we split 5 rolls.  Fish was not very fresh and service was just OK.  Can't believe it had 5 stars.
2	I ordered the rainbow roll and was very disappointed..It had some sort of mush inside the roll(looked like tuna from a can), and the different fish on top didn't taste or look fresh.  The actual restaurant itself was very nicely decorated and had a friendly staff.  However, I came for the sushi not for anything else.. big disappointment, especially for the price point. (around $18 for one order-around 6 to 8 peices).  The other people in my party thought their orders were mediocre.I'm not sure if everyone else on here that gave it 5 stars might quite possibly have been drunk (it is vegas)...which I know when I'm a lil tipsy, everything tastes yummy..lol
3	If you're hankerin' for sushi in this area of town, this is a fine choice. The fish was fresh and the rolls were expertly made. But very expensive. Not by Vegas sushi standards, perhaps, but for real, way more than I wanted to spend. My suggestion if you want sushi in Vegas? Go to the Bellagio buffet (or likely any one of the other upscale hotel buffets) and go crazy.
2	not for me!!sushi was overpriced and not really fresh.  service was slow and not personable.  for similar prices, i rather have sushi at mirage, mgm and many other hotel sushi rests...
2	My friends and I stayed at the Golden Nugget for the great pool/shark tank. We didn't feel like going far to grab a bite to eat so we stopped at Red to get some sushi. All four of us were very disappointed in the sushi, especially for the price. We should have gone to a buffet. It was dry and pretty much blah. The service was friendly, but I definitely will choose to spend my money elsewhere in the future. With so many good dining choices in Vegas, don't waste one of them here.
2	I am a huge sushi enthusiast and I felt like this place was missing every good cut of fish I'd normally order. The prices are ridiculous for the amount of sushi you get. The sake selection is horrible and you sit in the middle of the slots. I was not impressed.
1	Any self respecting sushi eater should avoid this place. We were staying at the Golden Nugget and decided to get a couple of rolls before hitting the strip and we were thoroughly disappointed. Sushi is fish, but it should never taste fishy and both rolls we were served were not fresh and tasted awful. The service was slow and the experience was an all around fail. Do yourself a favor and check out the buffet upstairs.
2	Only place in old Vegas that looked like it had decent sushi.  We ordered 5 different rolls and all were edible but not fantastic.  However, it satisfied the sushi craving for my wife so it was a good choice - except for the prices...which are WAY out of line with the environment (Fremont St. is supposed to be the affordable and low-key Vegas!).
2	Red sushi sounds spicy, hunger inspiring and bull-exciting.The sushi is unimpressive, small and almost tasteless. The fish was not quite fresh, the grade of ahi they were using was pink almost tombo. Tombo is definitely NOT red. Of all the sushi we ordered, nothing wa red. If not for the glasses of water, itd be fairly safe to bring your pet bull along.The hot food is pretty good, but it is pricey! I ate the salmon, misoyaki butterfish and soft shell crab. Half of the soft-shell was near the size of my hand, the largest I've ever seen! And there was a spot of Kara-oroshi on the corner of my plate, I finally found some red, but it ended up being more oroshi, as it wasn't really spicy.
3	Pretty cool sushi just slightly expensive.
2	Way over priced.  The roll I got was not even complete.  The rice was not rolled all the way around.  It had a gap at the bottom where everything could just fall out.  I expected a lot more for the $ that the food costs here.  I would have thought the quality and preperation of this Sushi Resturant would have been a lot better in a four star Hotel and Casino like the Golden Nugget.
2	It was late...we were hungry...it was close...it was uninspiring.There was a hint of fishy smell which should have been a warning, but again - we were hungry!  We sat down, excited for some sushi.  I ordered some seared tuna to start - I thought it should be like I am used to; melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness.  It could not have been further from that.  The tuna was dry and almost chewy!A couple of the other rolls we had were okay, but nothing to gush about.  I felt this was very overpriced.  We will not be back.
3	Just over hyped...expensive and sushi is just A-OK... We had to eat here during the dinner break of our tourney and it's just convenient as i was just outside the ballroom door of the GN.
5	If you're on Freemont Street and want Sushi- this is the place! Right in the middle of the Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino is the little gem. Their sushi is excellent and considering you're in Vegas, extremely well priced! Service is always excellent, and this is a fantastic spot for people watching! I highly recommend Red Sushi!
1	overpriced very low quality sushi, I complained to my server explaining I am used to Ca sushi which is usually very good, she told me you can't compare it to Ca sushi. I asked her why they would charge double if there sushi was not top quality? She smiled and walked away.Maguro 2 piece is 8.50 with a ton of wasabi under it to hide the fishy taste.Salmon sushi 7.00 not good at@all very small portionTiger roll 16 bucks, was just plain bad When you are at the golden nugget skip Red sushi, skip the Grotto and go straight  to Vic n Anthony's
3	My husband and I enjoyed a nice meal at the sushi bar here before cabbing over to see Penn & Teller at the Rio.  The ambience is very informal but they prepare their food with care.  I don't eat sushi but I love tempura and that is what I ordered.  The shrimp & vegetable tempura was prepared well and was very tasty!  My husband enjoyed several selections from their extensive menu and enjoyed them all!  Some of his favorites were: the spicy tuna hand roll and the dynamite and Vegas roll.  Several of the sashimi were very good, too, including the Maguro and Hamachi. It's a very small establishment so there may be a wait but it's worth it.
1	First of all,  my wife and I love the Golden Nugget.  Fremont is way better than the strip.  But if your gonna eat sushi, don't eat it at Red.  Yes, of course it is way over priced, but, this is Vegas; so get over it.  The problem is, the rice in the rolls tastes like dirty dish water and all of the ingredients blend together with no distinct taste whatsoever.  We had two rolls at about 12 to 16 dollars apiece, which is a little pricey, but the kicker is that each roll only had 5 to 6 pieces; not the normal 7 to 8 pieces that we have experienced all over the country.  So, you are getting 2/3 the food for about twice the price.  Wouldn't be too bad in Vegas if it didn't taste like butt.
3	This is my 2nd time within a week and both times were brief yet perfect. Because of it's location within the Nugget it's easily accessible and the sushi chefs are really fast. Old as the hills, but fast as hell.  The portions were nice, the service efficient and the price wasn't too ridiculous. a great way/place to get yo' grub on in short order.
2	Ended up eating here last night to join my hubby and his coworkers for dinner... Epic fail people! Having been to many sushi places, I have developed quite a critique for sushi places and this one is at the bottom of my list. Slow service, small servings that come with a hefty price, and their rolls were bland and lacked any type of kick! I'm just glad i didn't have to pay! Definitely not going back!
2	I was very disappointed with this spot. After finally deciding to stay in Old Vegas at the Golden Nugget, I didn't have much energy to leave the hotel to find food; with that said, we decided to eat within our hotel. This place was the first one we came across since its right out in front (sort of) of the Rush Tower. First, the price is NOT right, ridiculously overpriced for no reason. Taste isn't the best but isn't as bad as some spots I've been to. I am not a smoker so being around smoke while trying to enjoy the meal is NOT ideal. Although I may not look it, I am a BIG eater, lol, so small servings don't cut it for me.Overall, I would not come back nor would I recommend but if you're rich and don't really know sushi, this is your spot. Otherwise, sorry to be a bubble popper. :[
1	Yuck! It is overpriced. I ordered the sea bass and butterfish and soft shell crabs. The tempura was bad, and the fish way to oily and buttery. Luckily, we used a groupon but still for three of us we didn't eat much and the bill was way to high. For what you get not worth it. The best part of my meal was the hot tea. Not worth it.
1	Really disgusting sushi other than the nice service I would never ever come here poor quality sushi and way overpriced.
3	Downtown sushi at casino prices...thank goodness my friend had a groupon!We had a $50 off groupon (not sure what she paid but that didn't apply to me-yay!) so we trekked to the Golden Nugget to eat right around 4 PM when Red Sushi opens to beat the crowd.  We sat at the bar.  The ambiance is nice but it is quite loud within the slots area.  Our sushi chef had on his name tag that he is from Japan, so I asked him where in Japan.  I could not hear his answer.  The set up sinks in the seats enough where our short chef seemed so far away and there is no way to converse...not my kind of set up.  We had 2 or 3 waitresses and they were all very kind - checked on us a lot and gave us refills regularly.  I had iced green tea.We ordered mackerel, salmon, and sweet shrimp nigiri but our chef gave us hamachi instead of salmon originally.  We got to keep both :)  The sweet shrimp came out as sushi first and then we got the fried heads later!  Yummmmmy!  We also got some appetizers: seared scallops with ikura, spinach, and sesame miso sauce (sauce was blah), spicy tuna-avocado-rice stack with nori shreds, and hot oil seared hamachi sashimi with ginger and green onion.  The hot oil hamachi was the best thing we had.We also each ordered a handroll - yellowtail for me and salmon avocado for Susan.  They were quite tiny but at least fresh.  Overall, it was average and overpriced, but with the $50 groupon it cost just over $35 before tip.  Splitting that and adding tip on the whole check is just under the cost of AYCE at Blue Fin.  I am glad I tried somewhere new but will return to my humble local joint next!
2	If your in the Nugget craving raw fish and you can not get to another spot in town this is fine.  Certainly not the best sushi I have eaten by a long stretch.  This is not budget sushi by a long shot.  We actually left hungry cause we didn't want to spend any more money.  Service was good.
1	The chef's were lethargic, and there was no way to communicate with them, let alone the overworked waitress.  Combined with the triple digit food prices, and low quality made this meal horrible.    Didn't even wait for the shrimp heads to arrive......
3	No wait. Entrees are pretty good.  Attentive service. Casino pricing.Had a Groupon to test drive this sushi-ya inside Golden Nugget.  It was a nice looking restaurant, just past the Grotto restaurant.  The sushi bar dominates the small restaurant area. As mentioned in other reviews, either the sushi chefs are all uniformly short or the sushi bar counter is too high. If you sit at the sushi bar, it will take some extra effort to carry on a conversation with the sushi chef.On my visit, I decided to mostly skip the sushi menu, as its price to value ratio was not in the range that I would considered reasonable.  And the sushi selection is what you can get at all the other sushi-yas around town, except maybe the toro (fatty tuna). So I mostly tried their entrees, which is about right.  The Black Cod with Sweet Miso was pretty good.  It helps that it is hard to mess up a moist fish like black cod.  Portion can be larger, plus longer marinating time with the sake miso for more miso flavor would have made it better.  3.5 stars for the taste, 3 stars for value.Grilled New York Steak and Chicken Katsu Combo is your average Japanese restaurant teriyaki beef and chicken katsu combo.  It was decent but not great.  The waitress asked how I wanted my steak prepared, and I said medium rare. When it was served, it was "well done", but still tender.  The chicken katsu was deep fried a tad too long, and was not as juicy as it could have been.  The wasabi cream sauce on the NY steak was a nice touch on the traditional teriyaki sauce.  3 stars.New Style Sashimi - Hot Oil Flashed Hamachi with Ponzu Sauce.  It was definitely a Nobu-inspired dish (technique used in Chinese cookery), which is tasty, but not the same as the original.  3.5 stars.The waitress was nice, refilled the tea as needed, but I was hardly a demanding customer. 4 stars.Red Sushi is definitely a restaurant for visitors staying Downtown without a car that is craving Japanese food.  Price is higher than non-casino Japanese restaurants, which is normal.  But to compete effectively against the likes of Blue Ribbon Sushi, Yellowtail and Japonais (Japanese restaurants at other Vegas casinos), they need to step up their game.  For one, the restaurant lacks energy or the vibe to go with their decor, if you closed your eyes you could easily imagine that you are eating at a small mom-and-pop Japanese restaurant with a significantly smaller operating budget.  There are no specials, like omakase options, to entice customers to bookmark this restaurant and add it to their trip itinerary.  The potential is definitely there, it just needs to be unleashed by the executive chef or Director of F&B.~3 stars.
2	After hearing good things, we were excited to try this place...but it ended up being very mediocre and way too expensive. Stay away unless you are dying for sushi.
1	Overpriced ($9 for yellowtail) and quality below average.  This is my second bad food experience at the Golden Nuget.  Going back to the Wynn.
2	Just average. Service was average. Food was mediocre. Don't have to go again and I wouldn't recommend it. We sat at the bar and the chefs didn't interact with us at all.
1	Horrible....Really a shame because Vegas is usually known for good dining.  The spring rolls were soggy and the sushi wasn't fully cooked.  The wait staff hardly spoke engrish and we could not wait to get out of there.  Ugghhh.I hope the Golden Nugget reads this and improves.  We love the hotel but not this...
2	There's nothing spectacular about Red Sushi at the Golden Nugget.You know those small take-out sushi joints that you find on the ground floor of office buildings, or those plodding sushi counters that frequent mall food courts? That's pretty much what you have here.The specialty rolls were not all that special, and cost $15 on average. The only one that really stood out was the Firecracker Roll, which included breaded, deep-fried salmon bites, some cream cheese and jalapeno, and slivers of snow crab as a topping. The Vegas Roll, which one would hope would offer up some excitement -- Vegas Sushi, Baby! -- was simply cream cheese, avocado and cucumber, all rolled up, lightly fried, and topped with spicy tuna. Not very exciting. That said, Red Sushi does have a decent selection of hot and cold appetizers, which might make for a nice late-night snack while in the Downtown area, though not too-late-night, as they close at 11 pm. I particularly liked their ahi poke on lotus chips, the flash-fried hamachi served with a citrusy ponzu sauce, the agedashi dofu (deep fried tofu served in a delicate tentsuyu broth), and the crispy rock shrimp.Red Sushi is also open to the casino floor and the Golden Nugget's ballroom, so if you happen to be sitting on its outer perimeter, you're also subject to a lot of smoke, noise, and drunken conventioneers.
3	I ate here by myself as a business traveler. It was great for that. There aren't many tables...mostly bar and sushi bar seating. Joe, a newish bartender was my server. He engaged me just enough to keep me happy but he wasn't intrusive. I enjoyed the Vegas Roll, the Red Zen Tini (yum!) and the Mt. Fuji chocolate mousse dessert. Altogether, the bill was about $40+. The food was enjoyable, but as is with a sushi joint, the bill was high for not much food. Good thing I only wanted one cocktail and small portions. Overall, I recommend this restaurant if you are staying at the Golden Nugget or nearby in downtown, but don't go out of your way to visit.
5	I love going here!
5	Excellent sushi!! I was pleasantly surprised!
1	Overpriced, bland...need I say more?
3	I agree with the reviews, between a 2 and 3. Decent sushi, overpriced but good service.
4	Food was great, service was slow. Just like J said we arrived just in time for Happy Hour lol We had the garlic edamame which is always good.  Anything that has garlic on it...I'm going to order.  I also ordered the Pork Belly which did remind me of a chicharron.  No, que no?Also had some rolls that were yummy too.
4	My friends and I went here and were excited to see we could order off the happy hour menu. The regular menu was kind of pricy. We ordered pretty much everything off the happy hour menu (drinks included). I give this place five stars because they have the best edamame I've ever had! The spices and flavors they put on top were awesome and I've never had anything else like it! If you go there that is the must have menu item for me. The service was great. All of our food was brought out very quickly and our bill was brought out fast for us as well. Again the edamame is the best!!
5	Just roaming out of the Golden Nugget, we were pretty much starving, had to get a bite to eat and my husband craved sushi over the last day or 2 and there it was....RED Sushi.We are typically scared of most sushi places that we don't know of or have recommendations for (even those we get recommendations for), we sat at the bar and noticed the time and the happy hour menu.  SCORE!We ordered a couple of miso soups and the garlic edamame and it was so super yummy.  We also got 2 rolls and they were both very, VERY good!My husband had a beer and I think I just stuck with water...Just couldn't beat what we got for around $30.  Our cheapest sushi bill EVER!It was conveniently located and good service.
3	Nice happy hour menu. Service by bartenders and cooks - very good. Service by wait staff - GEEZ ! CAN YOU MOVE ANY SLOWER? The old gal in her little scooter moved faster than this wait staff. The pork belly is overrated and over cooked. The garlic edamame was tasty. A great place for happy hour - ONLY!
3	Service was extremely awkward here. Food was just fine. We were directed to choose a table by one man behind the sushi bar, then, chastised by the hostess for seating ourselves.  They one brought 3 waters for 4 people. They did not bring us a pot to refill our own hot teat, you had to ask for refills (odd). They kept bringing us saki glasses for some reason. Just weird.Anyway, the food was pretty good. No complaints and came out reasonably quick. The sushi had no smell indicating it was fresh. Gyoza had great flavor in the filling. The veggie roll contained a baby carrot and I now know why sushi typically uses carrot sticks. I implore Red to also try using the carrot sticks! Makes for a better textured bite of the roll. Bill for 4 or 5 rolls, gyoza, saki, and hot tea was $87. I think we got more bang for our buck out in LA, but hey, it is resort dining. If you're downtown, this is a way better option than Nathans or Magnolias, but not the best around Vegas or anywhere.
1	I remember my wife and I tried this place before and didn't like it, but we were lured in by the reasonable happy hour menu and decided to try it again. Wish we didn't! We sat down and we were barely acknowledged by the sushi cook. We ordered everything on the happy hour menu, Spicy Tuna, Tempura, Salmon rolls, Garlic Green Beans, and Sake Bombs. I handed the sushi order to the chef and he mumbled I was to give it to the waitress, ok whatever.Sake Bomb was ok, nothing I would order again.Spicy Tuna Roll was not spicy.Tempura Roll, the shrimp tasted like it was cooked yesterday.Salmon Roll, just so-so.All the rolls had gummy rice. The Green Beans had great flavor, but the beans were so soft from being over cooked, I wont recommend.Try anywhere else, I get the impression nobody care how the food taste to the customers here.
2	Overpriced and out of almost everything I ordered. Why didn't I just leave? Oh that is right, I was too lazy to leave Fremont. Face. Palm.
3	Not bad. Had spicy tuna and udon soup...and shared gyoza with the table.
1	I should know better than to let my Hungrier Half choose the venue. While looking for something quick to eat before a poker tourney at the Nugg, he chose Red Sushi over the Grotto. Big mistake. We decided to share a couple things. I ordered the deluxe sushi entree (with a variety of different types of sushi) and he had the misoyaki black cod, salmon and soft shell crab combo. We sat at the sushi counter and its the first time I've ever been completely ignored by the sushi chef. And my husband and I...both Japanese, btw. Just saying...it's not like we aren't from the same Motherland, yo. He made my sushi entree and without so much as a glance delivered it to the top of the counter and kept on with his work. I pulled it down in front of me and sighed. At first glance, I could see the texture of all the fish on the nigiri was VERY grainy, usually a sign of being frozen them thawed. Sigh. But what was almost frightening was what I was *hoping* was NOT supposed to be my maguro nigiri. It was the most interesting shade of brown. Proper etiquette dictates that you generally don't question a sushi chef so I took a bite. Bllleeecccckkkk!! It WAS maguro! At least, it was at some point...maybe a week or two ago. I wouldn't serve that fish blacked, baked, deep fried...nothing. It was nasty! Do you have any idea how hard it is to get the taste of old fish out your mouth?! The rest of the fish was barely mediocre, expected. And the rice was verging on not edible.  It was the consistency of porridge that had been aired out a bit. Blehck!An older Japanese man was sitting alone at the counter next to me and he complained directly to the sushi chef, saying, "this is terrible," and "it's really not so fresh." He told the waitress when he ordered food off the menu that he was doing so because his sushi was so awful but no one seemed to get the hint to comp his sushi or address the issue of the brown slab of ahi in the case.  I kept wondering how it is possible that the sushi chef himself could serve any of it to customers...any self respecting Japanese would never serve rice THAT mushy or fish that color, much less a Japanese man who calls himself a sushi chef. And the customer even called him out on it...I just shake my head. My husband's food was only slightly less repulsive. He was still able to eat it. I was already terrified of their food and sure the cod was old--it had an excessively fishy taste, IMO. When the manager swept by asking if everything was alright, I think the look of terror on my face indicated it wasn't. My husband said the sushi was less than stellar. He explained that the rice was mushy and the fish was old. He said he ate most of it but it really was terrible. We still had 3 pieces of the California roll on the plate. He took it away and apologized and said he would only charge us for some. Ahem. The right thing to do when you nearly food poison a customer, Mister? Don't charge them at all. We were charged $12 for a $30 plate of roulette, plus my hubby's food. Aside from the bad food, a small group of obnoxiously belligerent men came in from the poker room dropping f-bombs and acting like general jackasses (there was a family with young children sitting right behind them). It further ruined our experience. I don't really know how you handle obnoxious people in Vegas restaurants but it was just uncomfortable for everyone else there. When we got home to Hawaii, the first thing we did was eat decent sushi. Still trying to remove the bad taste from our mouths physically. It was THAT bad. Will not be returning ever. Ever. Ever. Ever ever ever. Ever.
1	This was absolutely horrible! ! Make sure you ALWAYS look at the reviews before you eat some where! They don't care either! I guess because they get so many people who don't know they're horrible until it's to late they're not interested in repeat business. We had the yellow tail, salmon, edamame to start and before the rest of our food came out we canceled the order and left to go grab something at Grottos.
4	No duh it's expensive it's in the middle of the Golden Nugget Casino. I have eatin a lot of Sushi shared a quick tuna roll and salmon roll. It was so fresh melted in my mouth like butter
5	Not sure why everyone else wasn't happy, but, we loved the place! Loved the sushi, and the service was better than most LV restaurants that we've been to!
2	Red Sushi is located on your way from the casino into the Rush Tower, its very convenient and not crowded but that might be cause it kinda sucks.It's harsh, I know.Diner- "Waiter, there's a fly in my soup"Waiter- "Serves him right, he's been buzzing around here all day"Well replace the fly with a hair and the soup with a sushi roll and keep the nonchalant attitude of the waiter.The boyfriend and I swung by here on our way back from the tables because of the killer happy hour prices. Spicy Tuna Roll and Pork Belly Kushi both priced at $6 and $2 sake bombs? Hard to walk away from a HH menu like that.  The food was mediocre but what you would expect from a small sushi place in a casino. The roll was very small and the pork belly was coated in teriyaki that was very syrupy sweet. The sake bombs were tiny and the beer tasted a lot like cider; it had a very bitter taste.There are better options inside the Golden Nugget if you're hungry. Probably a lot less hairy too.
2	Bad service, mediocre food, outrageous price.  If you have to ask the manager to speak to the manager, he's not doing his job right.  $1.50 Togo order charge = canceling my $6 tip.
4	I don't know how this place only has an average of 2.5 stars!  Every time I've eaten here it's been great, to my surprise being that Fremont isn't well known for it's restaurants (at least not that side of Fremont.) Although Red Sushi is within a casino, the prices aren't nearly as expensive as anywhere on the strip and the quality and service has always been very good. The lucky roll is one of my favorites.  Definitely an underrated gem :)
3	Sushi was good not the best.  The waitress was a little slow with taking order but was friendly.  There was a lot of flavour but not a lot of options, really really enjoyed the sea urchin sashimi was best  I have had rest of the sushi was average.
4	Decent sushi place for the price. We went for happy hour, so we had $5 salmon and avocado rolls and $6 spicy tuna rolls. The sushi was just okay but nothing special. The restaurant is on the casino floor so pick somewhere else if you want someplace quiet or intimate or have a large group.
2	Very inexpensive happy hour menu but the staff wasnt very friendly. I wouldnt suggest this place to someone new to eating sushi.....very faced paced environment
1	Horrible food!!! Had the crab roll and dynamite lobster!  Smelled and was slimy!!! NOT fresh at all! We should have known since we were table number 2! Got food poisoning!!! The location was convenient but not worth it!  REVIEW ZERO STARS.
1	WORST sushi place!! Tried the soft shell crab roll and dynamite roll and it was absolutely disgusting!! I got food poisoning all day!Would never recommend this place to anybody, and it really deserves zero stars!
1	Two words: mushy rice
4	Nice Japanese food offerings in the Golden Nugget Hotel in downtown Vegas.  The happy hour specials are great.  Chicken karaage, spicy edamame, avocado/salmon and shrimp tempura sushi rolls were nice plus we tried the sparkling sake drink which was a fun try.  Tastey offerings which we would  definitely try again.  Total bill: $26 outstanding!
1	Worst service I've ever had in any restaurant. Absolutely no attention to the customers and the food it's self wasn't anything anything to rave about. The Environment was just gross and it wreaked of smoke. And yes vegas it's typical for places to smell of smoke but the place you go to dinner should not.
1	I was robbed by this restaurant and quite frankly am tired of giving shitty reviews in this town. Went here the night of 2/13/14 to beat the crowds on valentines day. Should have stayed home. Showed up for dinner. Was forced to seat myself. The waitress didn't even say hello. She immediately started trying to sell me on expensive hot saki bottles. (Who the hell drinks hot saki anymore?) what happened to hello my name is....Then we are rushed to order our dinner. The main course came out before the appetizers. I mentioned it to our waitress and she said... "Oh you like to order appetizer?" Was this bitch serious? Just moments before she had taken my order. The service is horrible and the food is grocery store quality. If you want a good sushi meal go to all you can eat at sushi mon or The one on rainbow. My bill was 79.99. I left 80. This was the first  time in my life I did not leave 20%.  Red I hate you and will tell everyone how bad your service and food is. Currently I'm sitting on the toilet crapping out your poison.
4	The reviews seem to be extremely up and down for Red Sushi. And it seems like service and price, more than the food itself, are the big sticking points with Red Sushi. I was only here for a quick bite of their happy hour specials, so the price points were fine for me. I ordered their Crispy Pork Belly Kushi and Spicy Tuna Roll, both at $6. That's a tad pricy for a spicy tuna roll, but it is an 8-piece roll rather than six. The spicy tuna roll was good, but could have used a touch more heat. The pork belly skewers were awesome. I'd definitely come back for these. Service was fine for me ... but I did just get there after opening and was the only person there when I sat down. Based on my experience, I give them 4 stars and I'd definitely try them again. But if the negative reviews are accurate, I wouldn't be surprised if I wound up updating my review after future visits.
4	Yummy and happy hour was good to the Dragon roll the peach saki drink and the rest we tried was so yummy
2	I make it a point to stop in at least once when I am in Las Vegas . . . since we frequent the Golden Nugget.  And up until this visit . . . I would say a solid four star establishment . . . this time . . . I was so disappointed that I only stopped in once.The sushi . . . thought presented well . . . seemed to lack the flavors that I have gotten in the past . . . and in the crap and lobster rolls . . . we found pieces of shell.  We also ordered a hot plate this trip . . . the teriyaki chicken . . . and the sauce was like water and lacked any teriyaki flavor.Will I be back . . . not sure . . . I know I will return to the Golden Nugget . . . but only time will tell if I return for sushi.
2	I was very unimpressed with Red Sushi.  It's certainly overpriced, but I accept that when eating in a casino.  Paying these kinds of prices for such mediocre food, though... that I cannot accept.Spicy tuna roll was bland, not even a hint of spice to it.  The California rolls had brown avocado in them!  I mean completely brown.  The tempura was OK, also bland but not greasy.  There's not much more I can say about it... just not impressive.
1	This is a beautiful restaurant unfortunately the sushi tastes like it came from a grocery store. My roll included what was supposed to be crab on the top. It was crab like but was definitely not crab.
1	What a disgraceful meal we had last Saturday night. OMG....from the fatty uneatable short ribs to the multiple bones in the black cod.  Not right.  The sushi is most definitely bought from a grocery store as the rice was matted and wet.  On a good note the Edemame were good.....WOW...two thumbs down and very overpriced.
1	This place is beyond bad, service and sushi. I will not go back. I feel like supermarkets with sushi might taste better. Big disappointment.
2	We ate there last night. What a rip off! They overcharged us for a small bottle of saki and the sushi was not fresh. The first bartender kept saying this isn't his normal post and he wanted to be elsewhere. The girl bartender that took over was nice. They need to stop ripping people off by overcharging for saki and they need to make sure the fish is actually fresh. We will definitely not return. My advice, don't waste your money or time.
1	My salmon didnt even taste like salmon :( & my rice was super cold. The imitation crab in the rolls tasted like it was straight out of a blender. Prices were double average prices. I usually expect good food out of hotel restaurants in Vegas. This was pretty bad. The seaweed was also very soggy. Never returning
1	The decore of the place is really attractive however the food definitely not worth the price.  Talk about over priced food, the sushi was no better than that of a buffet restaurant.  Spent over $30 for 2 rolls, completely unsatisfied.  This place gets 1 star for good decore.
1	Unimpressed............my husband and I are sushi freaks! Every trip we go on, we have to find a sushi place! We should have paid attention to the reviews! Some of them were good and we like to give them the benefit of the doubt sometimes! There was four of us who decided to go down to Freemont Street! After walking around aimlessly, we ended up settling for this place. Sashimi pieces did not seem fresh. Rice was dry and service took forever! It was kind of late in the evening and not many tables occupied. We knew it was probably close to closing time, but really? My girlfriend had the chicken teriyaki that was super dried out and nothing much for the sides. My husband hates to complain so I kept my mouth shut on this one. We just won't ever go back! I didn't even take pictures! I should have! It might go along with my description of everything! Tables were also dirty even after the waitress wiped it down with a "dirty" wet towel! This place gives the Japanese a bad name. :(There are too many great restaurants in Vegas to settle for this one. Not worth the money at all and over priced at that! UGH!
4	Ordered spicy tuna roll to take back to the room. It was delicious. Not knock your socks off (it is just a spicy tuna roll..I was not feeling adventurous) but it was rolled perfectly.  It was really quick too. Will definitely go back.
3	This place is okay for happy hour and convenient in a pitch. Very over priced sushi ! Sashimi was disguised into making it look bigger in 2nd portion. The coke was flat  and flavorless.$100 for dinner without any booze, beer or cocktails! Just come here for a quick happy hour and don't waste on a dinner - so many other places in Vegas!
3	We were a party of 10 and we got seated right away. We went during happy hour which was nice because we totally benefited from it. We got our food pretty fast and the service was good. Can't complain the restaurant didn't automatically tack on 18% gratuity which was nice; we still tipped well due to the good service. The food was good and reasonably priced.
2	Service was very slow.  Took us 20 minutes to get the 3 rolls we ordered.  We actually never saw our waitress after we placed our order....She never came to check on us.  The salad was yummy.  But that was it.  The udon was blan.  The rolls were not yummy and the ponzu tasted like taquilla.  The selection of food you could choose from was very poor and expensive for no reason. Overall poor experience. Would not recommend it.
2	Over priced. Service not so great. Didn't inform us they were out of uni and toro before ordering many dishes and appetizers.... On the other hand, the sushi chef was very cool and very pleasant.
