4	Wow...A new location and all reviews are 5 Stars.  Albeit only 3 reviews, this is a new location on the Westside (i.e. the best side, throwing up the W!!).  If you read my review of the Eastern location, I too gave them 5 stars.  However, it's easy to dismiss these posts as biased ones since there is so little reviews.  I had to investigate because that's what I do.   I am a fan of Greens & Proteins and one complaint about them is price.  Most of the items on the menu are pricey and to be honest, don't have much taste either.  Keep in mind, G&P is healthy and that includes you to have an healthy wallet. I'm not a baller by any means, but will splurge when quality proteins is what my body needs.  I also use to have food delivered to my home via "Eat to Grow".  This was pricey too and taste is only for the desirable.  I made my biggest gains on these meals and G&P is no different. I've tried their Salmon and Ostrich Burgers in the past.  At this location, I opted to try their Turkey.  You get 8 oz of clean protein and less fat with their Turkey Burger.  This meal is also served with their Jicama fries.  The turkey was pretty good, but the fries is something that made it into the basura with the quickness. After Lent, I will definitely come back for their Filet Mignon.  I gave the other location 5 stars, but had to drop this location to 4 stars.  This G&P is more spacious, but missing that ambiance that the Eastern location has. Great people watching at the Eastern location.  Because this location is new, the staff is also new.  Knowledge is power and a newbie staff can mean weakness.  When I order at places like this, I like to know how much the servings are like protein count, total ounces, etc.  The staff actually had to go to the back and ask.  They also didn't know if they served fat-free ranch.  I know, I'm just getting picky but these are the things most health driven restaurants would know.  I'm sure by the next visit, they'll be more prepared. Thus, I will probably up their rating back to 5 stars. Still a fan of Greens and Protein.  Don't be surprised if you see multiple check in's from me at this joint.  This is a new and more spacious location.  I'm sure within the next couple of months, the word will be out and the ambiance will mimic what the Eastern location provides.
3	Been to the G & P on eastern also by the lvac. Came to this one last week to give it a try. The shopping center that its located in is practically dead. the only thing opened next to G & P is a tanning salon and a zabas, everything is closed or empty. Upon entering you can see the inside is actually really nice. I think it actually looks better than the one on eastern. The menu is pretty clear and precise. It ranges from green juices, green smoothies and then your food items. All the food items i would say are healthy, you can even get gluten free items or protein style for your burgers if you want.I ordered from the create your own menu. Basically you pick a protein, 1 side and a grain and your choice of sauce. I picked bison patty for my protein and sauteed spinach, and grilled onions for my sides instead of getting a grain. I also ordered a wellness drink.The bison patty was cooked as ordered it didn't strike me as anything amazing. It was kind of bland and dry. I'm assuming it was bland because it was healthier. The spinach and the onions tasted exactly as they should nothing special but was expected. The wellness drink was actually my favorite of all the items ordered it tasted really good for all the green vegetables in it. It was actually really sweet so i think they probably put more juice in it to mask the vegetable taste.Overall place isn't bad but nothing special. One thing I must warn you about is, it is extremely overpriced! Looking at the prices i was surprised they charged so much for vegetables you can buy and make a whole weeks worth for the price the same price. Side note: there are also a lot of jacked up guys and girls in yoga pants that stop in because the LVAC is right next to it. So if you want to sit in and people watch it is a good place to do that.
3	Greens and Proteins caters to a very specific, narrow market, and I'm not it. Don't get me wrong - I love (and make) pure, clean, and healthy foods. However, I will not pay the extravagant cost they demand for it. I think they truly embody every positive and negative stereotype of Whole Foods: they're healthy, expensive, and not really the tastiest.The place itself is brand new and extremely clean. I think I felt a little healthier just walking in. Ordering is pretty straightforward, and nothing is too cryptic. In catering to this particular market, every ingredient is often laid out for dietary needs. Big plus, and definitely necessary. As you can read in some reviews, discerning people want what they want and do not want to be mislead. Many people don't care what they put in their bodies, but the people that do will be coming to G&P.I'll probably be back at least one more time to try more things, but my experience lies in their Thai yellow curry soup and a grilled veggie wrap. The soup was a lot like baby food. Seriously. You will feel like an infant. And it's definitely an American taste on what Thai culture calls curry. The veggie wrap was exactly that. Vegetables wrapped in the most perfect lettuce leaf I've ever seen. Served with jicama "fries," aka raw jicama sliced to look like fries, I was left wanting. But hey, if this is your diet, this is your haven.Personally, I'd rather make the drive down to Charleston to go to Whole Foods. The variety is much greater, prices are lower, purity is the same, dietary needs are catered to, and you can do your grocery shopping afterwards. But again, I'll be stopping in one more time before I close the books on G&P.
3	Newer restaurant to the area, I had to try since their motto is "Healthy". I had the skinny chef salad with Ranch dressing - good salad for lunch. I got the small portion, I can only imagine how large the large portion is, so really impressed with the sizes. I'll definitely be going back to try more of the food and the juices. I do like the fact that instead of sugar, the sweetener choice for the juices is Agave Nectar. Not quite paleo, but a better option than sugar. My only comment is I wish they had a grass-fed burger and organic veggie options.
3	Well... I seem to have forgotten that healthy things don't taste as good as deep fried not healthy things.  I stopped by on my lunch because I wanted a smoothie to sip on throughout the afternoon at work.  When I walked in, I immediately liked the environment.  Everything was open and clean.  There was only one person in front of me, who was finishing paying.  She and the man behind the register were having a friendly conversation... that continued for quite some time and in to the time where she was waiting for her food.  I was only slightly annoyed since I was on a time constraint.I ended up ordering the Green Leaf Berry Blast with soy because it sounded both delicious and tasty.  Upon receiving it, I was surprised at its brownish color (which later understandably turned green due to the veggies in it).   My first sip was a shocker... I was not a fan.  I drink soy milk all the time in replacement of regular milk.  There was just a taste that reminded me of liquid Maalox.  I honestly think that my choice on the menu was just a poor one and I would have been better off with a juice.  Next time, I will definitely opt for one of those.  I feel bad that I wasted over $8, but I've definitely learned my lesson!
3	The points are for the effort. Otherwise, bland, overpriced and misleading. They blend their 'juices' and put sweetener in everything. Pretty gross. The 'veggie parm' is just spaghetti squash (instead of noodles), marinara and cheese (vegan available), no veggies at all, for $9. The 'make your own meal' thing is bland and comes with a tiny container of sauce. We gave them a couple tries because they were the only vegetarian place around where we stayed, but next time we'll just drive further or order veggie options from a thai place or something.
4	I have been meaning too get this off my bookmark tonight finally did. I always heard about the location on the opposite end of world for me. Once learned about there newest location excited about chance too get my Greens and Proteins on. I no means hardcore comes too healthy eating but generally try all my meals healthy. Truly is no place better in Vegas comes too healthy menu. Literally they breakdown the calories on just about every menu item. Offer Build Your Own Custom Meal pick your proteins, greens, grains, and sauces. Again they have everything broken down too calories. It was my first time daunting too pick choose as my first taste. I kind of in the mood of burger so went with the Ostrich Burger and try so got the 7 Vegetable Broccoli Cheese Soup. The soup was good. It nothing Wow factor but overall solid soup. It nice creamy base soup but had nice thickness and full body with the cheese (assume cheddar they use. The color really nice. Times order any vegetable soup not have that vibrant or look like vegetable. Soup was right on. Nice HOT!!The Ostrich Burger was delicious. I believe one first times having it. It lean meat. So thinking might be dried out but still moist and had nice flavor. The garnishes of lettuce and tomatoes really fresh looking added too my burger. The sides lot too choose from but went with the fried tofu. I scared at first. I enjoy tofu but not seasoned right just bland. The fried tofu was hit for me. It had nice seasonings on the outside and enjoy the aioli dipping sauce for them. They also offer Bison as protein. I see that in my future...They cook everything too order so takes time but very much worth the wait. The only thing not fan of is the interior is REALLY boring. I understand still relatively new but plain white walls all around and not much of vibe inside. It loses appeal waiting but once you get your food more then MAKES up for it. It kind of pricey menu. Still not going too hold me back try more of the menu.
4	Their food and smoothies are great to have after a good workout!! Their fruits/veggies are fresh not frozen!! :) I actually had to ask them to remake my smoothie because it was kind of runny - but the second one they remade for me was perfect!
4	I saw this on my way into Zabbas last week and mentally bookmarked this place.  I am always down to try a new place that is supposedly healthy.   Wow, was I surprised.  In the first 48 hours I had eaten here for lunch, dinner and lunch again!Walking into the place was a little daunting.  This place was so busy that there was literally a line out the door.  All the tables were filled and we were worried we'd have nowhere to sit.  This place is very hectic loud like a high school cafeteria!   The floors are nicely tiled, the tables are high end wood, as are the chairs.  There are booths along a window that, if one can grab, are pretty comfortable to sit at.The menu consists of Breakfast items (until 11am), Soups, Salads, Pizzas, BURGERS and Wraps/Sandwiches.  Calorie Counts are next to their popular items!  To drink, there is your standard coke fountain with a dedicated dispenser for WATER.  :)The place is very busy, but still manages to be clean.  There are no trashcans in sight, you just leave your table and the staff quickly cleans up after you.The first time out I ordered the Ostrich Burger with Swiss Cheese and Tofu Fries.  Despite the cost of being over $15 for my order, it was delicious and I felt it was well worth it.  The burger was a tiny bit dry, but delicious nonetheless.  Burgers come with the standard lettuce, tomato and onion.  The tofu fries were unique.  I wasn't impressed at first but I later realized it was because the fries weren't cooked all the way and it was still squishy in the middle.  This meal I would rate a 8 out of 10.Later that night I came back again and the place seemed to be less busy.  This time I ordered the Turkey Wrap with bacon and a spinach tortilla and Jicama fries (it's like eating a raw apple sliced up like fries).  Absolutely DELICIOUS!  I loved it - I was very impressed.On to my next meal here at lunch:  This time I ordered the Bison Burger Swiss cheese, medium rare with Jicama Fries.  The burger was just the right amount of juicy absolutely incredible.   Where else can you eat a burger like this guilt free?  I also ordered a Green Leaf Berry Blast shake with almond milk.  It was very good and satisfied my cravings for fresh fruit.Be warned, however.  Buying a shake with one of their meals is like eating two meals in one.  I was completely stuffed by the end of my visit.Today for lunch I ordered the Turkey Burger with Swiss and half Jicama fries, half tofu fries.  To drink I got the Apple Pie Smoothie with Almond milk.  I was impressed with the burger.  Very juicy and tasty.  The Jicama fries are spot on.  Just like eating an apple again and served raw with paprika.  The Tofu fries this time however was even better than I remembered.  This is because they were actually cooked all the way through.  If I can get tofu fries prepared like this again, I think Jicama is in trouble!  On the other hand, the Apple Pie Smoothie left more to be desired. I am not a fan of this.I am sure to visit again to try the Bison Wrap with Spinach tortilla.  My friends have all been getting it, but before I settle into my "norm" i wanted to try as much as possible here.  If my norm is the bison wrap, so be it. :) This place has definitely earned a solid top entry for my work lunch rotation.I am only giving four stars for a simple reason: the guy that took my order at the register the past two times doesn't seem very friendly at all. Not a smile; not even a forced smile - it's like I'm bothering him when ordered.  On top of that, I don't EVER get a receipt from him or even offered a water cup.  The other guy, who appears to be either a manager or owner is very friendly and helpful.Other suggestions to the owners if you are reading: You need more tables and seating - It appears the suite next to you is empty, consider expanding. :)
4	this place is a little pricey, but everything is healthy and fresh. cant go wrong with the Wellness Drink as a post workout!
4	THis has been on my list for a while but rarely do I get to this side of town. I liked it! I'll be back, let's break it downAtmosphere: Clean, well lighted,,, I felt healthy walking in. Smells fresh.  Basic seating set up.  I went at 11:30 Saturday and it was not too crowded,, people there but not too much.Food: That's what you're here for right? The best description again is,,, clean.  Seems to me that it's all natural organic type food.  I've had burgers, Avocado/Crab cups, and some of the drinks.  Burgers are surprisingly juicy, and I'm looking to try some of the salads next time.Drink: Note the smoothies are like a meal so you probably don't want that AND a full meal unless you are splitting.   The juices are all very nice and clean.  Favourite is the Wellness drink.Price: For what it is,,  a little expensive,, a juice and any meal will be twenty.  One of the other Yelpers claimed it was the Whole Foods of restaurants and I think its a great comparison.Miscellaneous: One of the few places I can think of that put calorie counts.
3	While this place is fine and technically proficient, I was not wowed or amazed by my meal, and for the price, I would not come back here again.  I did the make your own meal where you pick a protein, a "green", a "grain" and a sauce.  The chicken was done well and was juicy, the quinoa was a bit on the al dente side for me, but again was fine, and avocado is avocado.  What I did not care for was how they served it.  It was on a large plate, with everything separate and not touching.  I felt like someone who had OCD fixed the plate.  I would've preferred a bowl where I could mix the things together with the sauce, since quinoa isn't exactly easy to get on a fork with chicken and avocado already on it.  Quinoa is also rather bland by itself.I also got the Thai Ginger soup, which was more like a thick yellow curry with nothing in it.  I love ginger, and couldn't really taste it in this soup, which was disappointing to me, as it's the reason I ordered it.I would honestly give this place 2.5 stars, more on the lines of "meh" than A-ok, and that's mainly because the service here was decent and the people working behind the counter were nice and helpful.  I would honestly rather go to the Sweet Tomatoes down the street as it's about the same cost depending on what you order.
4	My husband and I stopped here on our way home to California and I fell in love!They have a fantastic menu full of good for you food!I wanted to badly to eat something, but I had eaten about an hour before I went but we did want juice.I got a ginger limeade and it was fantastic! Only reason I gave 4 not 5 stars is that it's a bit pricey, but with what they use I get it.Next time I am in Vegas I will definitely be going back!
3	I will say that they do what they do well. However, I'm not a health nut, so this review is from the perspective of a guy that has never stepped inside of a Whole Foods.The atmosphere is bright and inviting. It just looks healthy. Almost like a Jamba Juice, but in restaurant form. The menus are clear and displayed nicely above the registers on a few flat screens.I ordered the bison cheese steak on a wheat wrap. It comes with a side of tofu fries or jicama fries. I went with the tofu. The wrap wasn't bad. It tasted like a ground beef wrap. The tofu fries were surprisingly good. However, I'm a tofu fan, so take that with a grain of salt. My coworker on the other hand hates the tofu fries.  I wish there was an option to order something unhealthy here. Just because I want a healthy entree doesn't necessarily mean I want a healthy side too. I should be able to get artery clogging potato french fries with my healthy ostrich burger. I shouldn't be limited to an all or nothing healthy meal.My coworkers love this place, so inevitably I'll be here again. I would never come here on my own though. I don't like paying a premium for anything, even if it is organic and healthy. On the bright side, the female eye candy was solid.
5	Finally, a taste of heaven on the WEST-Sideeeee! ;) *The bison burger wrap is all that and then some. (Ask for 1/2 jicama and 1/2 tofu fries)*The chef skinny salad is the perfect combination of greens and proteins, topped with an amazing dressing.*Berry blast and wellness drinks are a meal in one, perfect for breakunch. (Breakfast-lunch combination) Keep up the consistent work, G&P's!
1	If your a 110 lbs women or not very hungry this might be the place for you , if you don't mind paying $12 for a sub mediocre salad leaving hungry ,this might be the place for you as well .  I'm not either .  I went there after working out and I was starving, i figured I'd have a nice healthy salad. I ordered the large Albacore Salad , the guy at the front said it was good ,  when I opened it I almost peed my pants , it was 5 pieces of bibb lettuce , 2 cherry tomato's , a scoop of canned tuna and Dijon mustard (not mustard dressing) this was the large too , Generally I like to go to a place more then once to give an open minded review, but I'm not sure if I could bring myself back to give it another chance. The Daily Wellness is a much better place !
4	Vegan, gf & raw! So excited! THOSE WITH CELIAC'S/GLUTEN INTOLERANCE BE CAREFUL: see belowI was very excited to discover this chain had opened up on the southwest part of town. They are ingeniously located near LVAC, making it easy to get a healthy recovery meal after your workout. We ordered: Pumpkin spice chai latte, veggie garden burger, and bison burger. Total after tip= $38.10 (we took our food to go). A little on the high end $$$. Our food came out pretty quickly, but our smoothie took longer than expected. I was hoping to get that first and sip on that as an appetizer while we waited for our food. I don't know if they forgot about our smoothie or was just slow on making it. I did notice however, people after me get their drink before me, they also knew him on a first name basis and gave him the extra out of the blender in a separate cup. They should treat everyone as if they are a regular. Talk about not making me feel special. ~Pumpkin Chai Tea Latte; Chai Tea, Pumpkin, Green Cabbage, Carrots, Butternut Squash, Flax Seeds, Ginger, Cinnamon, Nutmeg, Walnuts, Agave Nectar. This was really good and very filling. Although the cabbage was pronounced, the smoothie was well balanced and tasted raw (the way I like it).~Bison burger w/ jicama fries; choice of swiss or cheddar cheese, lettuce tomato and onion on a whole grain bun. He wished he got it with cheddar rather than swiss. "Jicama fries" are just sliced jicama lightly seasoned with what looks/tastes paprika. *Veggie garden burger; I was extremely excited because I'm a sucker for alfalfa sprouts. I asked the cashier if the veggie patty was gluten free, as I have had a difficult time finding a veggie patty that does not use "wheat gluten" as a binder. He asked someone on the cooking line, who I assume was a manager, and he said "yes, it's gf, the patty is soy based protein" I took their word for it and gambled the risk. Sure enough I think the veggie patty is glutenous so BEWARE to those with celiac's/gluten intolerance. I got sick, as I do from eating or cross-contaminating with gluten/wheat. I have yet to bring my concern to the attention of the staff. Moving forward, the burger was eh-okay. My gluten free bun was hard (it's difficult to get a soft, buoyant bun using gluten free flour, especially if you're taking your item to go. In the future I will dine in. I ordered my burger with tofu fries. I was told that they dust the tofu blocks with rice flour and fry it in corn oil, so the oil should not be a point of cross contamination, as there isn't anything else with regular flour going into the oil. My burger came with the sprouts, bibb lettuce, tomato, and red onion. I also added vegan cheese, it's shredded.We also added avocado to our sandwiches ($0.75/burger) for a quarter of an avocado (rip off). I don't mind paying extra for modifications, but make it worth my while and not be so skimpy! At least give me a half an avocado for that price, so that I can have it in every bite as opposed to just half my burger. I was charged extra for vegan cheese, again this would be fine, but there was less than a teaspoon sprinkled on my burger, with a $1.00 up-charge.Although the food is pricey, it's raw, healthy, and typically quick, right up my alley. I will be back because there is not many others around like this and to inform them of my gf veggie patty concerns. There are just a few "tweeks" they need to adjust before they get the 5th star from me.I hope they properly label their menu on their website and physical menu so gluten free & vegan items are clearly marked. Just remember they do not operate out of a certified gluten free kitchen, but it seems that for the most part they handle issues like cross contamination okay.Service was exceptional. There was a constant line (with one cashier) at 3:00pm. He was very nice and patient with me since I had a lot of questions.
5	5 Stars and I didn't even eat here... HAHAHA Came here Saturday evening because my boyfriend wanted something healthy and yummy.. I've had this place bookmarked forever and wanted to give it a go.. The only thing is I'm doing a detox which means no food so I just went with him to watch him eat and take big whiffs of his food LOL It is located right by LVAC on Flamingo/215 which is the perfect location for it. Everyone eating at G&P looks like either they just worked out, are about to work out or like they love working out.. Very healthy, clean and fresh feel to the place. You order at the counter and someone brings your food out to you. Everything on the menu looks so good and I love how they have the calorie count for everything. My man ordered: _The build your own protein plate with chicken breast ($9.99,) broccoli, cous cous and bbq sauce- I thought it was going to be a small portion but it was more than enough and it looked delicious~_Hummus plate ($5.99) - comes with plain hummus and roasted pepper hummus, served with soft pita and crunchy lavosh~_Green Shake Smoothie ($7.50) - I love how they don't add sugar to their smoothies... This smoothie in particular is over 600 calories though!!! But it is loaded with all the good stuff. I had some sips of this.. It's very rich & creamy and definitely would a great meal replacement! My bf said everything was very tasty and he had plenty left over..The prices are actually very reasonable compared to other "healthy" places and they cater to vegan, raw, gluten free and HCG diets! The service was great here too! Especially the guy who brought the food out.. Even though the silverware is self-serve by the fountain drinks he offered to go get them for my boyfriend and checked up on us a couple times~ I can't wait to actually eat here!!! aghhhhhh
4	Great place to load up on protein or eat clean. It is pricey for the portion you get but their offerings are one of a kind! They offer bison, ostrich, your traditional chicken, and tofu. This is my second time at g&p but my first at this location. Its super hip and it's also a great place for your lunch break or catch up on work. I ordered their bison cheese steak on a spinach wrap which is about 600+ calories for $10.99. It also comes with their yummy tofu fries and dipping sauce! The cheese steak is delish and the bison is super lean. Bison is just naturally full in flavor so if you're looking for a good manly meat that's lean but tastes like cow (mmoooo) go bison! I also ordered their white chocolate veggiechino which is 500+ calories for $6.99. I chose the almond milk (you can choose the option of soy or Almond milk) it was pretty delish with grains of grinded up coffee bean. If you're looking for a big caffeine kick I would not bet that the veggiechino will be a good pick me up especially if you're a coffee drinker. But as a sweet milky treat. I think it's a good choice. My meal summed up to $20 for myself. It is a bit pricey but if it's just one of those clean eating going out to lunch days I say go for it but I would only drop in occasionally if I'm in the mood. I just think their price does equal the value in portion for me.
4	I am on a new road to healthier eating and this is a great place to go to for a smoothie or a light meal. I tried the Green Shake and I am hooked! I also ordered some broccoli soup, hummus/pita, and a Margherita pizza with the Vegan option. The shake was refreshing,filling, and delicious. The food however was just not my style. I saw other people enjoying their meals. I would say nothing was wrong with the food at all. It was made fresh and with good looking ingredients. I just think as of now, I'm more on a juicing/smoothie kick. The open plan of the kitchen was nice to be able to see your food being made in front of you. I liked the modern and clean look of the decor. There was a large patio to enjoy the spring/fall seasons here in Vegas. My only gripe.. the noise level!Bring earplugs. When they get those blenders going... It's LOUD!!
1	Customer service is non existent! We were there to try their smoothies and salads which judging by their prices we were going to spend some dough (I have to agree they are overpriced).  The person in front of us had an inactive loyalty card? Let me reiterate this was NOT a payment card so there really was no emergency. We waited and waited and waited and not ONE of the many workers (many who were just standing there watching) had the foresight to just take our order and then have us pay when they were done dealing with the travesty of an INACTIVE LOYALTY CARD!!!! Ahhhh!!!! ..... We finally decided to just walk out.
3	I love the fast casual/quality food/healthy food concept. The execution can be a bit spotty and the food, while decent, won't make you forget about all the unhealthy (and more delicious) alternatives around town. The BBQ pizza was ok, but the crust was too soft and doughey. The bison cheesesteak wrap was good but I couldn't help but fantasize about biting into a real Philly cheesesteak while eating it. The girl behind the counter raved about the tofu fries but I wasn't a fan. I've never been much of a tofu fan and the fries failed to convert me.My favorite part of their menu is the "Build your own custom meal" where you pick a protein, grain, green, and sauce of your choosing. It's perfect for when you want a quick meal, don't feel like cooking, and aren't in the mood for traditional fast food. The pork tenderloin with the balsamic reduction was good, but the portabello mushroom was overcooked. Portion sizes are on the small side so don't expect to walk away full. There may be some drawbacks to this place, but it's still a good option for a quick meal.
3	I would like to add that the owner did contact me to apologize and I very much respect that. It's a credit to his professionalism that he would extend an apology and ensure that he will address my complaint with his staff. Very appreciated.  Thank you!
5	Great food and great service - awesome waxing salon next door I usually get my brows done while they blend my smoothie. Greens and proteins have all options for breakfast lunch and dinner as well as snacks and smoothies - no more excuses for fast food! Prices are a bit on the high side but who can put a price on health.
4	Clean, bright, and nice. I will return to enjoy the healthy variety. You can chose from many of the menu protein drinks or create your own. This restaurant is a great place to eat that won't give you indigestion or undermine good health.
4	Had the summer berry salad with chicken and it was delicious! My only complaint is that the large salad was not that large and $16 so it is a bit pricey but everything on the menu looked so good, I can't wait to try more!
1	I have recently found myself on a low-carb, high protein kick.  For that reason, I thought Greens and Proteins would be right up my alley.  I visited their Green Valley location and found the food to be a healthy alternative, but a little on the pricey side compared to other restaurants that offer similar fare (Rachel's Kitchen, Daily Wellness, etc).About a week later I decided to give the Greens and Proteins location at Flamingo and the 215 a try and I was greatly disappointed.  The service was very slow and when I brought the issue to the manager's attention his reaction was trite and condescending.  He did nothing to rectify the situation and told me I had no reason to complain.  When I went to eat my to-go order, an ostrich burger lettuce wrap, I found it was topped with a rotten avocado and it was missing the turkey bacon I ordered.  For the price point (my meal was $18) I found the service and quality to be lacking.  On the upside, after reading another negative Yelp! review of this establishment, I found a great nearby "healthy alternative" restaurant that I will be returning to for sure.
5	Love love love this place!!! Its the perfect place to start eating healthier and transitioning yourself into a healthier lifestyle. My "go to" is a create your own, where u pick a protein, a green, a grain, & a sauce. If I'm splurging I go with the gluten free BBQ chicken pizza. I myself have Celiac disease (gluten intolerance) and have to be very picky about where & what I eat; its nice that the staff is well educated on which items, including sauces & dressing, fit my food requirements. Also, staff is very friendly! Can't wait to see this place grow more and more popular!
4	Green and Proteins has great, ridiculously healthy food. For real - I didn't know it was possible to make some of the things they offer in such low calorie ways. I've tried a few different juices and a few different food items, and it's all been great. I'd eat here all the time if it wasn't so expensive (for me, personally). To get a fancy drink and a meal will cost you about $12-15, which is middle-ground pricing around the city, but I consider coming here more of a splurge. The two locations are each far from the heart of Vegas, but it's worth stopping in if you're in the neighborhood!
4	I love the food. Only negative.... Can take a while to get your food. they just opened, a great place after a work out.
4	So far, I have only come in here for breakfast, but I have loved everything I'ved tried! This place is right by the gym so the location is very convenient. I've gotten the oatmeal with bananas, cinnamon, raisins. The mulitgrain protein pancakes and granola french toast have to be my favorites. I loved the turkey sausage and egg whites. The portions are pretty big, which I like because I can share with someone or take the rest home. I love the Berry Blast smoothie which is nice when I'm on the go and can't sit down to eat. I can stop in and just grab a smoothie. I have been here quite a few times and I notice that sometimes the food can take about 15-20 minutes to come out, even when I only have one entree for myself. Other than that, the staff is very nice, the place is clean, and the food is tasty!
5	Always great...Very busy but worth the wait.
4	If I'm completely depleted after a workout and the thought of making a green smoothie or cooking breakfast makes me even more tired, you'll find me here picking up a Green Shake with Almond Milk. You can also see them cutting up fresh fruit and veggies in between orders. I have yet to venture out into their other drinks, but I did recently try their Breakfast Burrito that definitely fueled me post-workout. I know a lot of people say this place is over-priced, but healthy ingredients are generally pricier and what you are really paying for is the convenience and knowing/seeing your food is freshly prepared. And......they have packets of Cholula for to-go!
3	Glad to c another restaurant with some raw food options.  Would be nice if they had some fresh pressed green juices and some raw salad options.
5	Yummo! Very fresh green juice and a huge portion of it.
5	WOW......this place has an incredible menu !   Unique items not found anywhere else!    A little on the pricey side, but not when you realize how healthy the eats are !  I decided it was well worth the money !  I am now totally addicted to their ginger lime-aid -- like nothing I have ever had !!!   Totally addicted for good !
3	The foods great and It's great to see vegan options on the menu, but recently when I called in my order of a veggiechino smoothie (delicious!) I was told it would be ready in 5 mins, when I got there to pick up my order it wasn't ready and I ended up waiting 20 mins before I left smoothie-less and disappointed. The foods really really great, they just need a little work on their customer service.
5	This is my new favorite spot in Las Vegas for a healthy quick bite! I heard about this place from a friend and I have been addicted ever since. What I order:- Turckey Burger plain wrapped in a Lettuce shell. It is amazing, low cal and low carb.- Tofu fries. They taste like cheese sticks! SOO good. I dont care for the Jicama fries, skip those unless you are on an ultra healthy kick. - Cup for water. This is a MUST. They have free cucmber infused water, it tastes wonderful. - Juice. The ginger limeade is my favorite! It is under 200 calories and packed with healthy fruits and veggies! i neer imagined I would crave a green juice, but it tastes sooo good! It is the perfect consistancy to drink and stays cold long enough to enjoy it. Best part: This place is packed with healthy people all the time! So if you are like me and need some insiping to get your soft butt to the gym, check this place out to eat! There are lots of HOT guys (and girls) to check out. They also have wifi so I can yelp. Make sure you check in to get a dollar off a juice/smoothie :)Only downfall, it is slightly pricy. If you are on a Jr. Bacon Cheese diet, this isnt your place. But remember, spinach, tofu and fruits arent cheap to buy.
5	Courteous staff and an owner who "loves" food.  Food that is both delicious and nutritious
5	Breakfast, lunch and dinner are served here. Each of these meals are healthy, clean, and tasty. The prices are not cheap but definitely worth it.
4	You come here for a reason...lifestyle food that is not available at most places.  It is no coincidence that it is located next to LVAC.  Greens and Proteins has lots of high protein meats, low-fat options, vegetarian options, vegan options, good grains, and gluten free options to fit several lifestyle diets.I am a fan of their buffalo meat steak & cheese wrap and their green shake specifically, but if you're looking for the types of food offered here it is easy to find something on the menu.  They also provide caloric and fat content info on their menu.Don't come here if you are not into lifestyle food.  It will most likely disappoint.  There are plenty of tasty items for all types of eater, but you're paying a little more here because of the type of food.  Also, several of the healthy options are a bit bland...ie jicama fries.  It is still a solid place that is filling a niche and doing it pretty well.
2	Came here around 1030 in the morning to grab lunch on my way to work. I ordered the turkey club sandwich with turkey bacon and it took 15 minutes, there was literally one other person in the restaurant  I dont know if 15 minutes was really effecient for a 98% cold sandwich but fresh somehow translates to slow service. Ive heard the smoothies are great and several people came in while I was waiting and got their smoothies and were gone. Maybe Ill try one in the future but the sandwich was underwhelming and not worth a $9 price tag.
3	You know...I'm really not sure what to really rate Greens and Proteins. I like it, it's different...but then again...I'm not too big of a fan. Maybe I need to go here more than once...but with the prices..maybe not. =/Anyways...my boyfriend and I wanted to start eating healthier. We're not health freaks but we don't want to become obese one day either. He heard about this place through his co workers. The thought of "making your own meal" intrigued him so we were willing to give it a try. We walked in knowing their prices were on the higher end side.We both decided to get the "make your own meal" plate. To sum it up, PORTIONS ARE SMALL. It was actually perfect for me because I get full easily anyways but for all you "big eaters"...be warned. This MAY NOT fill you up. Yes, it IS a healthy restaurant afterall. Yes, the whole point in small portions is because it is healthy for you. But I'm just saying.... It may fill me up but PERSONALLY, it still left something for me to desire.We also got two drinks. He got that green drink (sorry forgot the name of it but I've seen a lot of Yelpers get it) and I got the berry antioxidant smoothie. They tasted different...but a good different. Man....after drinking this, it puts Jamba Juice and Tropical Smoothie to shame. Greens and Proteins smoothie drinks tasted natural and healthy. You can tell it has natural ingredients and fresh fruits and veggies...unlike all the other sugar and crap that maybe be in Jamba and Tropical.So why 3 stars and not a higher rating? -2 stars for the price. It seriously pays to be healthy. =/ I think with 2 drinks and 2 meals ran our bill to $30+ ....for that price, we could have went to Cheesecake Factory lol Will we be back? Ehh....maybe...
5	I'm a huge fan! I haven't had a bad thing there. Healthy fast food, who could ask for more. Build your own in my favorite. You pick a meat, veggie, grain and sauce. Also the green shake add protein is one of the many great smoothies they have. I'm there at least 4 times a week! It's a must!
5	Stopped by today for the first time . I had the Chocolate Veggiechino.  It was delicious. I love that they use all natural ingredients. I would suggest this Cafe to anyone looking for a healthy alternative.
5	Tried something off the HCG menu.  It was Good.  I look forward to trying other items.  Very clean and nice atmosphere.
4	Monkey come for veggie juice!Found a tasty  GREEN SHAKE filled with veggies and fruits.  The Mrs makes veggie smoothies at home, and while Monkey away, filling that healthy void can be a challenge.  Thank you Greens & Proteins!!!  Looking forward to next visit to try other options...
5	I stopped at the one on Flamingo for the first time yesterday and took forever to decide what I wanted.  I asked the gal at the counter for suggestions and one of hers was the summer salad.  I ordered a small one with chicken and it was absolutely delicious and very large portion.  I will definitely come back.
3	Great location here in the same plaza as LVAC. The food is average pricing, but I think the drinks are a bit pricey (over $8 for a juice drink)... but I guess with the quality ingredients, it can be expensive to be healthy, right? Got the Wellness drink (can't remember the exact name) and at first I wasn't a fan, but it tasted better with each sip, plus super healthy. They do have a good menu with drinks, breakfast options, and wraps/sandwiches/etc.
4	I've eaten here a couple of times and I'm happy to see healthier options popping up around the Las Vegas Valley. I like coming here when I'm craving for burgers because they have Bison meat which tastes great! I've also had their Philly Cheesesteak as well which is equally delicious. The last time I was here I had their flatbread pizza it was pretty tasty. I do love this concept but I wish they would give you a choice of a side salad instead of Jicama strips. I only like Jicama with hot sauce and vinegar. I also wish they would blend their drinks a little better. I ordered a green drink and a peeling or something got stuck in my throat.  It wasn't pleasant but before that the drink was good! I'm sure this was just a freak accident.
1	I will never eat here again! The cheese and broccoli soup was very running and hand little flavor. The hummus was worst very bland and no flavor. It tasted like an old rag. The cost was pricy. I get that you are paying for health but it would be far cheaper to buy some chicken , brown rice, and kale, put nothing on it and cook it! This is a fad but an expensive one!
4	Wellness drink my absolute fav!!! I tried the veggie burger & although it is made fresh...it was a little dry. Needs some hummus or some type of cilantro pesto something....overall I'm a fan!
5	Very good. Wellness drink is refreshing and French toast is hearty, sweet, and delicious. Big portion. Definitely not "fast food" meaning your gonna wait 10 minutes for food. Could use another location in Highlands Ranch!
5	Definitely a fan and will be making this a daily occurrence while in town.  Tried the Green Smoothie & Straight to the Heart both are great!
4	Unique blend of healthy and tasty all in one location.  Try it... You'll like it!
5	This is definitely one of my favorite health food places in Vegas! I'm really big in to health and fitness, and this place definitely meets the needs of health freaks, while also giving some more indulgent options as well. No matter what I always order the Wellness Drink every time I go. SO AMAZING and packed with fresh delicious ingredients. If you're a green juice person, this is the drink for you! I also usually always order their barbecue chicken pizza. The crust is amazing, the thin crust and the gluten free, I've had both, and the sauce and flavor is just incredible and the pizza only has 320 cals! How awesome. I have also had one of their wraps, forget the name but it's packed with a ton of vegetables and comes with tofu fries. So delicious, except I would say that the asparagus in the wrap was just a little too crunchy for me and kind of threw off the texture of the rest of it. I also have been to the Henderson location many times, and I must say this location just does it was better! The shape of their pizza is better and the taste of their smoothie was amazing.. but overall.. LOVEEE greens and proteins! definitely go if you have the chance! you won't regret it!!
4	I've eaten here a few times and it has been good and healthy every time. I like that I can have a hearty, good meal and stay within a decent calorie range. This morning I had the egg white with turkey sausage and tofu fries. I love the tofu fries- they are fab! They play good music in here too:)
5	Amazing place...healthy shouldn't taste this good! The staff was very friendly and explained all the small details I needed to make the best dining choice I have made in a while...keeper!
5	This place has great vegan options for food and drinks. It's good quality, healthy, and tasty! It is pretty efficiently run as well, do they don't keep you waiting long even if it gets busy.
5	I've eaten here a couple time's great fresh tasting food and very healthy.the Low Carb Caesar Salad With Grilled Chicken Breast is the best salad i've ever had.
4	The green wellness drink was awesome. It took them a while to make it though which I didn't understand because people after me had already received their order. Must've been a mix up. Either way, still a yummy spot.
4	Some of their drinks are an acquired taste, but it's fun to be adventurous in the name of "good for you." Food items haven't failed me yet. Only downer is the prices are slightly higher than seems fair.Healthy and tasty, free wifi, and great customer service, too.
4	I've been here a few times. The first time I found something on my burger and when I told the manager he took care of me. I appreciated the good customer service. Their pizza is good and so is the angus burger. Smoothies are healthy and a nice size, but overall the food is expensive. I'm ok with paying for good quality if the ingredients are healthy, just can't come here too often. I appreciate them showing the calorie count!!
1	Horrible service. The staff seemed like it was their first day. I waited 20 minutes for a turkey burger. Then they didn't make my juice, I asked 3 staff members for my drink all said yes and never returned. I had to finally ask for a refund. This place is amateur at best, I didn't expect 5 star service but I expected prompt service and good food! Never again!
5	I can't say enough about this place. It's like life changing. Healthy fast food that tastes great. The only complaint I have is that they don't have enough locations across the valley so I can get it when I'm on ever side of town. The build your own is my favorite. Any of the smoothies you are safe with. I haven't had a bad meal there.
5	On a recent visit to the strip we decided to travel off the strip about 10 minutes west.  Very good selection of foods and drinks; the salad was large and the chicken was juicy.  I also tried the "green drink" and this is a good meal replacement complete with fruits and vegetables.  We liked it so much that we went back for breakfast and the multi grain cakes were good but the french toast w/ agavi syrup was excellent and both for $15.00  Lastly don't forget the "free" cucumber water.  Can't wait for locations in So Cal.
5	Wellness Drink is to die for!! love it:)
5	So delicious! I drove past this place a few times after the gym, and finally stopped in today. I had the G&P veggie burger with jicama fries and wow! I scarffed it down quick. Yum :))
4	This is a nice place to go if you're looking for something healthy and relatively quick. I had the emu burger, and it was awesome, and the juices were really outstanding. I really like that they post all of the calories on the menu so you know what's in your food. The con, it's really quite pricey, 6+ $ for smoothies/drinks, and sandwiches start at about 10$. It would be easy to have a 25$ lunch by yourself here. Noticed they are however vegan, vegetarian and HCG diet friendly.
2	I am currently a vegan and thought this place would be a great place to grab a healthy 'juice'. So I come here with my dad and he orders a parfait and I order a green 'juice' and the total comes to about $16 dollars with tip. I thought that was a tad on the expensive side but I know the prices of juice are very expensive because of the amount of vegetables and fruits that go into a juice (I worked at a juice bar for about two years so I understand juice pricing). So my 'juice' comes out and it's a smoothie? I do not know how they can call these smoothies juices?! It was frozen and it was really sweet for something that was considered a green juice. I was very disappointed and felt very mislead. My dad did not like his parfait either (too sugary). As a health nut and a biochemist I would not consider this place to be healthy at all. Albeit I have not tried any other items but i will assure you that I will not be coming back to try anything else. The only time that any one should go sugar load there is after a very High intensity work out. The only reason I have this place two stars is because the service was lovely. A note for the greens and proteins owners: I would recommend rewording the menu so it is not so misleading. I know you mean well and have a great idea but for people educated on health and wellness it is very misleading.
5	I really just love this place. The best part is my 9 year old daughter loves the place as well. Their egg whites out beat my made at home egg whites and the juices are AMAZING - the agave:) greens and proteins is always a fun stop after a work out with the girls:) I also love that their loyalty card is one my phone apps so I don't have to worry about losing and searching for a card in my clutter wherever it may be!
4	This is one of the" other"  places I was talking about. Good juices but I find it odd that they are blended? They taste good but I prefer when they are freshly juiced instead. Can't beat the location outside the gym though. Food is good, and I like the choices you get, but I'm not sure that calories make sense. I work out enough that I don't need to worry about it though!
4	After days of gorging on Vegas buffets and other unhealthy foods, we were craving something  healthy after a workout. We stumbled across this place and were delighted. They have four different kinds of pizza crust--we opted for thin crust with BBQ chicken. We also got a wellness shake, which was very good.
5	Such a healthy place to eat. Your food is fresh they make it right after you order it. Great an environment.
4	Just moved to the area & decided to give this place a try. We were impressed! The food was delicious. We ordered way too much thinking the portions were smaller. We got the hummus plate, the green shake (not realizing it's a meal in itself!), the bison burger & gluten free personal size pizza. My husband and I have both been craving the green shake ever since! I wouldn't say the cashiers were super friendly or anything, but we will definitely be back for the food.
5	A+++ great food at a decent price
5	I looooove the loaded antioxidant chiller juice! It's my absolute faaav one! I also love the get the tofu fries and the summer berry salad with shrimp! Overall, I recommend! & the cashier is such a cutie with big blue eyes (:
4	This my jam.This is one of my favorite spots in my area. The juices are awesome and creative. They taste great. They aren't cheap (7 bucks or so), but at least you get fresh ingredients. That's what counts right?Food is quite good too. The Bison cheesesteak is delicious. So are all of the flatbreads.Most Vegas locals know about this spot, but if you are unfamiliar, give it a shot!
5	yummy! I love this place! Sadly, my husband is not into it as much as I am so I can only go there by myself...or when I force him to go with me :) Yeah some of the stuff are not as tasty as others. Learn what you like from the menu and then you will be just fine.
4	If you are looking for a place with fresh eats and yummy shakes, this is it.  I really liked it, it seems unique and has really great "healthy" food.  Located near LVAC, it attracts that healthier, fit crowd; but I went for the shakes.  I do try to watch what I eat, and this place does not offer greasy and heavy food.  It's fresh and well proportioned.  Friendly, inshape (lol) staff and patrons as well.
5	I had the Green Smoothie and it was so delicious! They allowed us to call ahead to place the order (they take a long time to make your order normally). We arrived, paid and left with our drinks. Clean place, everyone is friendly and educated on what you order. I have also had the build your own meal and that is very good. I had Tuna -steak with Quinoa and broccoli it came with a lemon sauce on the side (there are more options).I strongly recommend this place to my friends and family. They get so busy sometimes, so if you are in a hurry i advise to call ahead to place your order.
5	Vegan is hard to do. They did it!Got the veggie burger with seasoned tofu fries. GF got the Cali Chicken wrap. Pumpkin spice tea and Chocolate veggieccino.
4	Dining out is so hard when you're trying to stay healthy, but this place takes the temptation out of the dining out experience because everything on their menu is good for you! I've tried the turkey burger, the bison burger, and a wrap (can't recall which one) and was pleased with each. The tofu fries are really yummy!!! This place is pretty expensive though, but I guess when you're putting good stuff into your body it's worth it
4	It was good my sandwich was tasty and healthy. My wife's gluten free pizza with Low fat cheese was also tasty.
5	Lots of menu options and they give you a good filling amount of food.  Wraps, burgers, soups even lots of breakfast options and so many healthy and vegan options.  Great place I hope more locations open up.
5	in a world of unhealthy choices greens and proteins provides you with nothing but the highway quality food made to treat your taste buds right but also your health.. This place is a life saver for anyone trying to eat healthy on the go
5	Had the vegetarian pizza with vegan cheese. It was great tasting and full of a variety of vegetables.
3	Staff was friendly and helpful, good environment. Got the albacore tuna salad and wellness juice. Wellness juice was great and very tasty. Albacore tuna salad was not good--I thought it would be slices of fresh tuna on top of a salad since it cost $10, but instead it was a lump of canned tuna with diced tomatoes, cucumbers, and butter lettuce. My wife got a barbecue chicken pizza, and that the chicken wasn't quite good quality either.
4	Delicious!!! Perfect spot to get a healthy meal after working out at LVAC. Their juices and smoothies are great and I love their breakfast. A bit overpriced thus the minus one star but other than that my new favorite breakfast spot!
5	great vegan breakfast burrito.  great juices.  I used a groupon here.  Lady at register was very friendly.  I enjoy these style restaurants more than traditional sit down.  Pay up front and they still bring it to you.  little bit pricey but worth it.
2	First time trying out this place ordered a breakfast burrito but I never had a burrito come in all wet and how are you suppose to hold and eat when it's all wet? Little disappointed.
5	This place is a bit pricey but it's really a great place for some pre or post workout meals and smoothies. Almost everyone who was here was in work out clothes haha. I tried the Margherita pizza and the Green Leaf Berry Blast. The Margherita pizza was simple but delicious. It was a thin crust pizza with tomato sauce, low-fat mozzarella cheese and slices of tomato with bits of basil garnishing. I wish I had gotten the gluten free version though! - I really love how they have the gluten free option. The portion was probably good for sharing with one other person. The smoothie was alright. The taste was leaning more towards the spinach and kale which I wasn't really fond of. I do love kale though but it was probably the spinach that was giving it a weird flavor. I'd give it a 3/5. There was also complimentary cucumber water which was a refreshing touch. The place itself is pretty spacious and busy but the service was fast and the workers were very nice. I'm glad that this place is close by my neighborhood. I will definitely stop by again to try the other foods. They also have an ostrich burger which I don't think I'll be trying anytime soon lol.
2	This place is definitely not my favorite & the prices are a bit on the high side for the amount of food you get. Taste wasn't exceptional either but the smoothie was delish, although at almost $8, I'll just make my own food & make my own smoothie. Thanks but no thanks.
5	I had the green shake and the turkey club wrap and both were very good! Everything was so fresh. I'm currently 8 months pregnant and this is a perfect spot for healthy eating. I'll definitely be back!
5	Had the protein pancakes.  Pretty good. Asked for the healthiest drink they and was told the "wellness". Everything was really good.   Service was great. Sure tasted mighty good for s healthy drink.  Wifey got the watermelon strawberry cocktail. That was just as good. Good clean location.  Close to home.  I can't wait to come back for the ostrich burgers and bison burgers.  Prices are decent.  Service is great.  They give you free "lime cucumber water to drink".  Top notch baby!!!
3	Three stars means A-OK, and so far this is my experience with Greens & Proteins.   I do have yet to try any of the food, so when I do get around to doing that, I will update my review.  I want to give it more stars, because I have really enjoyed both of the drinks I've purchased at this place.   First time, I had the "Green Leaf Berry Blast".   A nice mix of berries and leafy greens.  It came out a sort of purplish-brown color but it really tasted great and filled me up.The second time, I had the 'Wellness Drink', which is a mixture of green grapes, apples, limes, some other fruits and then a bunch of leafy greens.    The taste was fresh and fantastic, and it really hit the spot after my workout.    So yummy and it has all that good stuff in it.  Customer service was fine both visits.   My drinks were ready in a snap.   The atmosphere of the place is inviting and comfortable and it works with their health-conscious atmosphere.   I could see myself eating here.So why 3 stars?   I'm deducting one star because at 8 bucks a pop, well it seems a bit pricey for a cup of juice.  But that doesn't keep me away. The other star I am deducting for 2 reasons.   Lack of nutritional info and the use of agave nectar in every drink offering.   I track everything I take in, and I would think a place that serves up healthy food could offer more than a simple calorie count.  How much sugar is in these drinks?    Macros are important to my lifestyle.   I would like to see a more comprehensive breakdown.And the agave is extra sweetener that is just unnecessary and really not a healthy choice IMO.I am eager to try some of the food offerings.    I will update or offer up a better review at that time.
5	The atmosphere is like a cafe sit down area with open windows. Choose between a large selection of healthy breakast items , lunch or dinner. I went at breakfast loved the greek scramble, a bit bummed on just black coffee no creamer or substitute for creamer but they have a nice selection of special caffeine and non caffeine drinks. My husband got the burrito and enjoyed it with a peanut butter bananna smoothie shocker he couldent taste the kale or spinach in it thats a bonus for him. My daughter enjoyed a turkey burger. Overall great food will definitely be back.
3	This is the best place to go after a workout. Not a good place to go if you are super hungry. You won't feel guilty after your workout since they serve sort of healthy entrees. The serving here is smaller than usual and is pricey. My bf and I ordered a bison burger (very dry even though my bf mentioned that he wanted it cooked medium), crab wrap and a BBQ chicken pizza. For 3 items, it was almost $40. The crab wrap was not bad. You can see some crab pieces in it. The pizza was okay. Nothing special. One thing I liked here is their free cucumber lemon water. Very refreshing! Not sure if we will be back.
3	Overpriced and underwhelming, this clean and organized store is light and spacious, and the staff are really polite and friendly. I also love how they have quite a few local business cards and promo materials at the pickup counter where you get your drinks- shows that they are involved in the local community, which I really like to see.That being said, their smoothies and wraps are each around $8, which sounds about on par with other similar businesses- and for the smoothies I would say it's about right.But I was not impressed with my tofu/chorizo breakfast wrap- I asked for it in a spinach wrap, which I use frequently at home to make my own wraps, and this one was not particularly full. Most bites had more overlapping layers of tortilla than filling or veggies. On top of that, the menu lists the wrap as coming with "a side of tofu homefries"- this sounded really cool to me and I was excited to check it out.Imagine my surprise when I open my take out box in my car and realize that a "side" consists of exactly THREE crouton-sized pieces of tofu. They were tasty, but considering I spent $8 on my meal and my take out box was half empty, I'm not pleased. I genuinely don't know if someone was in a hurry and forgot my side, or if three pieces really constitutes a portion- it doesn't to me.I might come back, but it won't be for food- which is really disappointing, because everything sounds great.Side note: If you check in on Yelp, you get a dollar off of a juice or smoothie, which helps a bit with the pricing.
4	One of my favorite health food places in Vegas real food real tasty!! The ostrich patty is excellent and the smoothies are delicious especially the "wellness" drink. Pricey but most healthy places seems to be.
5	Love this place! Been looking for a new spot to eat healthy at and I found it. Ir had the create your own with chicken, brown rice, broccoli ad get the lemon vinaigrette dressing and put it all over everything. Love that dressing, seriously wish they would bottle it and let me take it home! I've also had the veggie pizza and chef salad here too which are both really good and light. All in all this place is phenomenal and all the staff are really nice!
5	Amazing place to come for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I love their menu and fast service.
2	I come here regularly for a quick healthy snack, usually order one of the freshly made juices.  The tofu fries are very tasty and amazingly seasoned, however the menu states they are BAKED when they are actually FRIED, they automatically lose two stars for the false advertisement (which I've complained to management several times and STILL haven't changed on their menu).There are about 5 or 6 different fresh juices on their menu and they do taste good, but they could use a little more variety.  Nearly all of their juices contain grapes and agave nectar.  Their Wellness Drink, which contains spinach and kale, also adds too much pineapple, orange and agave, making this fresh juice overly sweet.They are located across the LVAC so there are a lot of people coming from the gym seeking a healthy meal.  But don't be fooled!! A lot of their menu IS healthy however things like sauces, cheeses, dough, batter etc. almost defeat the purpose here.  If you're truly seeking wholesome order the plainest rawest things on their menu.I go to greens & proteins for the convenience and taste, but think there are better similar establishments.  Also a little pricey but have a large menu to choose from.
4	Because of the nearby LVAC, this place has kinda become the a mecca of yoga pants and "arms day" guys. So, if you can put up with the constant influx of that crowd, you're good to eat here. I'm actually shocked what some people are wearing to the gym these days...anyway...I come here for the smoothies, not the food. I have always found the food here to be really bland and overpriced. The gluten-free bread is terrible. Don't bother freaking out over it. Their tofu fries are AMAZING. I love love love these. They are pretty much the only thing I will order as far as solid food goes. Buffalo sauce is very tasty as well and they have a nice vegan alternative that comes with these if you ask.I really do love the smoothies. I've been coming here for a few years now, and their smoothies never get old. They are super refreshing, healthy, and I really do think it's a reasonable price compared to Whole Foods (not to mention they taste way better). This location does have a nice outside seating area (complete with umbrellas), which I do enjoy in the summer.
4	Food here is good the buffalo chicken pizza and the bison philly are my two favorites. I really don't need to explain why this place is soooo good just go and try for your self you won't be disappointed. But seriously the bison Philly was almost if not just as good as a Philadelphia Philly
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas. Great selection of healthy food choices for all three meals. Highly recommend this spot!
4	Hard to find a good spot for healthy food in this part of Vegas. Everything was very fresh. Great smoothie / juice bar. Excellent staff! Went 3x in a 2 day span after finding it.
2	I truly was not a fan of this place, the meals here were simple and unseasoned. I understand that their meals are healthier, but healthy does not mean flavorless.. They look and taste like something that cook at home, and let me tell you I'm not a great cook. I guess if you need gluten free items or if you are vegan this place offers an extended menu. However, you are also going to need to pay a bit more for it! I ordered the teriyaki chicken wrap with tofu fries and they were just so chewy! And let me just add that I love tofu, but they really dropped the ball on that one
3	Concept is good, quality is good, but not good enough to give more stars. Particularly for the price I would expect something better.To be fair, I only tried their smoothies, so I might have a different opinion when I have other items.
5	Multigrain pancakes are delicious (although I don't use the agave syrup I use organic maple at home lol) and the breakfast burrito is also delicious. Pretty much everything I've tried is great... Except jicama fries  I highly recommend and love this place!!
4	There smoothies are amazing! I have yet to try their food, but every time I go in there the food looks amazing and I have heard great things about it. The smoothies are expensive but well worth it!
4	I love this place, the food is great for healthy living. Quality is great and ppl are nice, the owner does his best for his customers. I am absolutely addicted to the wellness drink. The reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because its a lil pricey for what you get and i wish they had more variety on the menu and daily specials. Perhaps they could use an executive chef that puts a bit more flavor in the mix.
5	I love the Bison wrap.  The jicama fries are okay; I like mine with a little honey or barbeque sauce.
2	I'm always looking for fresh and healthy food so I stop by, their customer service was bad!! It was my first time and I had a lot question they didn't care and rush me to order my food ;( when I finally got my food, it was unflavored!! Food tasted like nothing, the smoothis was way too sweet for me. This place was just not for me.. I'll probably try it another time.
4	I had brunch at this location for the first time last week, using a Groupon before it expired.  I was supposed to meet Suzy H. and her son here, but due to a miscommunication, she went to the Eastern location instead.  No problem.  Intending to share my food, it just meant that I ate two breakfast items all by myself, the Granola Crusted Whole Wheat French toast and the Greek Scramble.  Sure, I could have taken leftovers to go, but I just kept eating until there was nothing left but the parsley.  I guess I was hungry from my earlier swim, but it was also because the food was really good.  I'd been to the Eastern location about two years ago and had a so-so experience for dinner, so much so that I've never been back there.  This brunch, though, has changed my mind about G&P.  I would certainly come back anytime for a morning meal.  I had excellent service throughout, and, contrary to my own belief, the cost for breakfast wasn't as pricey as I thought it would be, $13.94 for both dishes.  Of course, having my Groupon handy made it even cheaper, but still.  I look forward to returning by myself, or with Suzy H., or with anyone else who wants to have a healthier breakfast at a decent price.   P.S.:  Suzy H. and I ended up eating breakfast together after all, via cellphone.  That's what friends are for :)
5	Best juices in town! I I am addicted to the wellness and antioxidant juice. Nice clean location as well.... Oh yeah can't forget about the turkey burgers!
3	Greens and proteins is a decent restaurant with healthy offerings but at the end of the day, there's not enough offerings and variety for us to be regulars.  I ordered the angus burger with lettuce pocket (instead of bun) with tofu fries.  Angus burger was fine, not salty which is good.  The tofu fries were salty because of the seasoning.  So healthwise, its kind of a wash with the tofu fries lol.My wife ordered the build your own with angus patty, kale, and sweet potato mash.  She seemed to enjoy it because the kale was steamed and not sodium bombed.  She also ordered a ginger limeade which was too sweet for her taste.The price was surprisingly high as all the above came out to 35 bucks (with tip).  So although we feel the food is relatively healthy, the price and distance from our home is a small obstacle for consistent repeat business..
5	So glad this opened on my side of town. It's so fresh and healthy that i'll eat here at least 4 days a week and it's conveniently located by my gyms. The Wellness drink and Antioxidant juice are my favorite. I highly recommend the BBQ chicken pizza on the vegan lavash is you're craving pizza and don't want to feel guilty afterwards. The service is always fast and friendly.
3	Before I placed my order, I asked the girl at the register what Greens and Proteins specialties are and she said make your own plate, and the BBQ chicken pizza. I decided on the pizza. My order came about 20 min later maybe even a bit longer which I think is too long for a fast casual restaurant. When I took the first bite of the pizza all I could taste was the BBQ sauce. While the BBQ sauce did grow on me after a few bites, I almost thought it tasted a little too unique. Additionally, if a "traditional" BBQ sauce is not used, the menu should specify the type of BBQ sauce being used (citrus BBQ sauce). Now on to the chicken, I did not like the spice on the chicken and it was a little dry. The positives were that the pizza is low calorie so you can finish the whole thing; the fat free ranch is delicious; the lavash bread gave the pizza a nice crunch.Towards the end of my meal, I called over the manager to give him some feedback. While I appreciated him sitting down with me and having an open conversation, I did not like the fact that he said normally I would offer a refund but in this case I don't think we did anything wrong. I wasn't asking for a refund just offering my honest feedback. Overall, I like the concept of the restaurant and I am willing to come back to try more items on the menu.
3	Generally unimpressive--the food is healthy and service is quick. But flavors and portions are kind of weak. The Skinny Chef Salad is OK-it has a spicy mustard dressing. Definitely avoid the jicama fries. They are just cold, raw slices of jicama with seasoning. I would rather spend my money elsewhere.
5	So delish! I love the menu choices making a fresh diet do much easier!  If your dieting and good tasting food, come here!
1	I've had a couple of meals here once or twice - the food was okay at best, but didn't make me want to return for more. Running errands all day with my new puppy I have to say, I've never met a man so unwelcoming of animals. I managed to get a wax, pick up my dry cleaning, fill out some paper work with a new company -- and each establishment was more than understanding of my new puppy that I brought a long with me.If only service animals are welcome in the establishment --- maybe you should post that on your door? The manager rudely approached me and said "I was just checking to see if he was a service animal". My puppy is a small little standing beagle. I sincerely hope that manager practices better customer service skills even before I got a chance to approach and order.Seriously the worst encounter I've ever had with an establishment and dealing with my animal. Not only did he not allow additional options, he just thought it was simply acceptable to kick me out. All I  did was say 'I was planning on going to Jamba anyway' because they didn't serve - just orange juice. Even though they have other smoothies that have orange in them, ten points for customer adaptability - not. The problem I have with this establishments is that customer service was NOT their top priority. The owner/manager did not care that I came in for whatever reason to purchase something but simply kicked me out because I had an animal with me. How rude. Either way - recommendations, PUT UP A SIGN - or alternatively at least offer me the option of taking to go. Neither of which was done.
5	Best healthy place to eat in las vegas. Usually get the wellness drink which is far better tasting then the green drink at whole foods. The tofu fries are as close to healthy fries as you get. Havent tried everything but everything I have tried is very tasty. Best tasting healthy food around.
3	Not bad.  Been here twice on a Groupon.  The first time the sausage was grotesquely cold, but they took care of it.  Didn't care for the greek scramble or the scrambled egg whites with housemade [cold] turkey sausage.  The berry parfait and Greens & Proteins Breakfast Burrito are good.  The Green Leaf Berry Blast was yummy and not too sweet, just super spendy after the tip. Won't go out of my way to return.
4	This is a health food fast food restaurant which I hope becomes a trend.  You can get great vegetarian, vegan or raw food in addition to healthy build your own plates where you pick your protein and greens or other items.  The smoothies and green drinks are as delicious as they come although pricey.  The service is not bad but they don't wait tables.  I like the wellness green drink as well as the almond coffee chocolate one.  Insofar as food they have gr8 breakfasts as well as lunch.  Try faux chorizo and tofu scrambler in a spinach rap.  Bison and ostrich burgers are available for carnivores.
5	This place is fantastic. Just great healthy food for a very good price. Most of the juice drinks are great and the bison patties are awesome!
5	Where can I start?  We used to live in Vegas and our BIGGEST complaint over that 3 year period was always the same thing... There are 0 healthy/organic/clean food options in Vegas off the strip!  So, as it goes, within 1 month of moving back to Miami, G&P opens their first location, lol.  1.  BOTH locations are super clean, great seatin in&outside2.  Breakfast options at all good, healthy but not boring3. Lunch options are just as awesome, the quality of their products shines through in all their dishes. Very unique! 4.  Lastly is the star of the show... The JUICES!! OMG! Seriously, I'm not even a juice guy, but they make them so different and enjoyable, you don't even know it's healthy.  The wellness that everyone raves about is all that.... 7 or 8 diff green fruits & leafy's with a touch of agave and your Good to go!Way to go G&P!  You hit the nail on the head.  Keep it up!
5	I love this place! I go to this location more than the other and it is a little nicer/quieter (but both are great.) The option for Pea Protein in smoothies is great for those of us who don't want Whey and don't use Soy (not all that common to have this option for a smoothie.)The raw menu is amazing - try it all, seriously.There is something on the breakfast menu with egg whites and turkey sausage that is so clean, healthy, delicious, and filling - not a very common combination (for under $10 to boot :P )
5	I wish I had discovered this place sooner! I love that it is truly healthy food AND it's delicious.
4	Wellness drink was delicious. I also had the greek breakfast and the green shake, both were great!The manager needs to work on his customer service, but all of the other employees were nice.Overall good place, something for everyone, vegas, vegitarian, or not.
5	Decided to stop in here after finishing my leg workout at LVAC. I usually hit Tropical Smoothie but had been meaning to stop by this place. I needed something to go so I figured I would try one of the smoothies; they all seemed tempting. I settled on the Green Smoothie. I was pleasantly surprised when I took my first taste. I have to say I'll be back and next time try some of the food.
4	love the turkey burger :) after a great workout!
3	Was doing the no-carb thing for a while, and was really hungry. Vegetarian co-worker suggested this place. Food was edible; I think I ordered the wrong thing. I got the Buffalo Spinach Wrap and was pretty disappointed. It was pretty bland and mushy and all I could really taste was the wrap itself, which is pretty damn disappointing when you were paying for Bison meat. The Jicama fries were nice, but cold; didn't realize they'd be raw. Silly me. I actually didn't finish my meal, and at $14, that was a pricey "ugh,". One of my other co-workers had a smoothie that looked absolutely wonderful, and another had a little pizza thing that looked lovely. Not a place I would normally choose to go for lunch, and I think my inexperience may have done me wrong here. I am pretty generally of the opinion that Vegans, Raw Foodists, and their Health Food Prophets care more about how well their food follows certain rules than how it tastes. Greens and Proteins kind of tastes like compromise. Mmmmm...compromise.Yeah. No. I'll probably be back in the future; the Smoothies look great, and I hope I just ate the wrongest thing. I'll give this place another try in the hopes that something else I order is enjoyable. Otherwise, I just felt like I was paying triple price for grocery store deli food in order to say "I'm healthy! I eat raw vegan carrots!."
5	This place is awesome! If you want to eat right and enjoy eating right this is the place to go!!
5	The smoothies are delicious! Customer service is good and the food is passable. Although, my boyfriend ordered the Buffalo Chicken Strips and the sauce was a little too spicy. I also preferred more berries on the Summer Berry Salad I ordered. (But), regardless of our personal preference on the food, it was well worth the money we spent. I will definitely return.
3	Came here one day for lunch with a friend (actually come to think of it, it was before the Brooklyn Bowl event) XD Margherita Pizza (Low-fat mozzarella, tomatoes, roasted garlic, and basil) - To my surprise, i didn't know there was roasted garlic in this. If anything, all i noticed was the huge amount of mozzarella cheese on the pizza. They have different crusts you can pick. thin pizza crust (normal), lavash (a persian? flat bread?), and something else. Not sure what lavash was or the other one (and this was my friends pizza anyway but i was ordering/paying) so i decided to get the normal thin pizza crust. Flavor overall, like a normal margherita pizza. Only thing was i hope they can amp up the roasted garlic flavor (or maybe i can request for more/additional roasted garlic... XD garlic lover om nom nom) and the crust, maybe they can bake it longer. It was a little soft for my taste. The edge crust, it was nice and crispy, but anything under the toppings, was a little, floppy =XBison Cheese Steak Wrap (Red onions, peppers, low-fat mozzarella, lettuce, and tomato) - this order was for me. I thought it was quite interesting and ive never had bison before. something new to try for me. Comes with either a side of tofu fries or jicama fries and a pickle. The pickle was a normal pickle spear (yum). I opted for the tofu fries (curious but definitely not a stranger to tofu). Nicely fried. A little underseasoned but still tasted yummy (i like tofu anyway). As for the wrap, you get a choice of either a savoy cabbage wrap, wheat wrap, spinach wrap, or whole wheat bun. I opted for the spinach wrap. Overall, it looked decent and yummy. While i ate it, it was dripping a lot of juices/oil. Almost made it seem like this wrap was heavier/fattier than it really was. First experience in trying bison? uhm if i wasnt told it was bison, id almost call it beef. Overall, flavored well but a bit messy to eat (drippy drippy ....) Im not sure how healthy this wrap was but after eating it, i didnt feel so healthy. LOL  Overall, nice place. A bit on the pricey side. These two items added up to i believe around $24? I guess a price to pay for fresh/organic? ingredients. May try other things next time since i think i picked the fattiest item on the menu.
5	Very vegan friendly! Whole foods! Clean eating! Healthy! Raw options. Great service. Great food.
3	Watermelon cocktail was light and refreshing for the summer. It has watermelon, raspberries, strawberries, and agave nectar. Didn't find out until later but if you check in with Yelp, it gets you $1 off this $5.99 juice. Seemed a little pricy, but for the amount you get it is worth it. I could barely finish it on my own though so I'd recommend sharing. Overall a good drink to cool you off especially after working out but it's nothing spectacular.
4	I am a healthy eater. Annoyingly healthier eater. Eating out has been know to be frustrating since my husband and I have different tastes and appetite sizes.  Greens and Proteins is a perfect fit for our family. Good quality ingredients that appeal to both the herbivore and the carnivore and our son who is in the middle. My husband has the BBQ chicken pizza and loved it. Plenty of food to fill full without feeling stuffed. I have the veggie sandwich and cleaned my plate. Great service. Great food. Comfortable casual dinning experience. This will be a regular lunch spot for us.
5	Greens and Proteins provided a meal for our crew and cast of 70 on a short film last week.  Our shoot was hard to say the least, it was so hot at least for those of us not from Vegas and we were shooting nights.  Green and Proteins came in and made everything a whole lot better.  So often on set we have the same old meals, over salted and too heavy.  Greens and Proteins gave us plenty of fresh and wholesome food that tasted fabulous and got us through the rest of the night.  I can not recommend them highly enough for you catering needs.  I am a big fan :)
4	My daughter & I came here after workout and ordered 2 Wellness drinks (green grapes, green apple, pineapple, orange, lime, wheat grass, kale, spinach, collard greens, ginger, flax seed & agave) --- so good & refreshing. Loaded antioxidant chiller (green grapes, blueberries, blackberries, agave nectar) ordered by my daughter's friends - tastes like grape, delicious, not very sweet which is good. Location is convenient. Will come back definitely. Just found out have loyalty cards -- buy 10 smoothies get the 11th free. A dollar off if you check in with yelp. Not a bad deal :)
4	Probably not for everyone but if you're looking for a healthy meal then check this place out! Some of the meals are bland but at least you know you're eating real food with healthy organic ingredients. The drinks are good, some are hit or miss - I recently got the green heart drink and it was way too gingery!
5	best smoothie I have ever had, chocolate peanut butterr.... I died.
4	Again, super pricey but SUPER GOOD! It was my first time and it's near my job so I got it to go. I ordered it a little in advance (my fault) so I didn't get to enjoy the tofu fries as much as I would have dining in. The seasoning was good on them but I definitely wouldn't recommend them for takeout unless you are eating them immediately. (Duh) Got the bison burger because I read multiple reviews. I got mine with cheddar, turkey bacon, and avocado. So SO good!!! The flavor of this burger was amazing. Over a week after eating it and I'm drooling on the keyboard over this review. I didn't think I would get a burger of all things here but I am so happy I did! I love juices so I tried the green ginger juice (don't remember the exact name) it was probably the best juice I've ever purchased. I love ginger and this juice was just too good. I will definitely be stopping back for at least the juice bar if  I don't feel like spending $20 on lunch.
4	Love the chocolate peanut butter banana smoothie! I tried the buffalo chicken tenders today and was disappointed with how "zesty" it was. I would recommend less citrus as that was the only thing keeping me from enjoying the meal. I loved that it was under 450 calories as well as a nice presentation.
3	Not sure what all of the fuss is about. Overpriced foods that I can make at home. The only thing I would actually pay for again is the green smoothie. Oh and the jicama fries are terrible.
5	This place is the best. It's worth the price, why not invest in your health? Food tastes great and everyone there is awesome, I basically live at here.
1	Came here thinking they were going to offer ORGANIC food and drinks, but what a huge let down. They're selling you a product stating it's healthy, but really where is the health benefit from buying foods and drinks that contain gmos and chemicals?!?! When I asked if they had any organic produce, the gentleman stated "some of it" but couldn't tell me what was, therefore leading me to believe none of it is organic. Call me a food snob all you want, but if you're going to proclaim yourself as a healthy alternative then sell non-gmo, organic foods.
4	Really enjoyed the food....This was my first time eating bison and I must say it was yummy...I'm now in search of a eatery in my area that serves bison. Everything was delicious and healthy which is extremely important to me as a physique competitor. I will check this place out again when I return to Vegas for a visit,
5	Fave fuel station for post or pre workouts...or to grab a healthy bite. Tofu fries, wellness drink, green shake and raw macho nacho are my faves. Vegan and vegetarian friendly. Free wifi too.
4	I was really excited to try this place!  Just moved to LV and was looking for some healthy dining experiences.  Me and a friend both ordered the bison burger in a lettuce wrap with tofu fries and I also ordered a Green Ginger limeaid.  The green drink showed up quick and was sooooo good!  A+ and about 10ish minutes later our food arrived....The burgers had the bun on them instead of the lettuce wrap but the waiter was really great and brought the lettuce out promptly!  The burger was delicious!  There was some sort of yummy sauce that came with it too.  The tofu fries were ok...they weren't hot :(  probably would have been great if they were hot, but I ate them anyways bc they were still good.  Next time I will order the jicama fries.  Cant wait to come back to G & P and try everything else out!
5	Delicious food! My husband and I both ordered a wrap, bison and turkey club. Very tasty and filling. My husband wasn't a huge fan of the jicama fries but I liked the tofu fries. The food was filling without making you feel stuffed. Can't wait to come back and try some juice out.
5	I am changing my life style and this place is helping. I use to spend 12-15 dollars a DAY on fast food. Now I'm like why did I ever waste my life on crap, everything at this place is so freaking delicious.  I'm having the ostrich burger and all I can say is WOW! If eating healthy and clean is your way here's the place for you.  It is for me! :)
5	Love this place! I fell I love with the Summer Berry Spinach Salad with a side of tofu fries! I'm not even vegetarian. Every time I come here I feel guilty for not being in my gym clothes. I wish there was one next to every Starbucks so I could eat healthy everywhere I travel.
4	It's always good to eat healthy every now and then. They post the # of calories for their items. It is pricey so make sure you're willing to fork out the money for the healthy food. They've also got pizza which was surprising for me. Gonna have to recommend the BBQ pizza one. The others don't sound appetizing to me personally. If you order their drinks, grab the epoxy app so you can get their virtual stamp card. Cashier told me their Wellness Drink was the most popular. It's pretty good - if you like grapes. My favorite has got to be their tofu fries! I always try to get an extra order to go :0). I've been here a few times and there are times where the food is bleh (depending on what you order) and other times they're decent. Aside from the tofu fries, nothing else has stood out to me so just give yourself a few visits to try various stuff.The turkey club sandwich also wasn't too shabby. But it's definitely better than eating at Sweet Tomatoes every time I want something healthy.
5	I went here for the first time this morning and I loved it. I ordered the Watermelon Strawberry Cocktail. Its delicious. The pricing is not too bad considering everything is healthy. The smoothie I'm drinking is 215 calories. Everything shows how much you're intake is. The staff is really friendly and the place is so clean. There is outdoor dining as well.
4	Very good first time dining at this place! The menu is kind of expensive but then again what can you expect from a place that aims for healthy eating! They have this $1 off coupon that you can use on the $7.50 smoothie drink :-/ it was ok.. I ordered the "Wellness" drink which I could've made at home myself nothing special..I feel like they should give more than a dollar off that's not even covering the tax on the drink itself but that's neither here nor there.. On to the food.. So my friend talked me into ordering the Bison Cheese Steak which honestly was good but for sure not worth $10.99 I got a pinch on cheese steak with ALL that bread and some light mozzarella.. I enjoyed the tofu fries more than anything else to be honest! I guess I'll just have to try something different on the menu because I won't let one mediocre experience take away from the whole dining experience..
5	great food, great smoothies, I would also recommend breakfast there...tofu served like country potatoes is quite taste.  Only does side would be the prices. $$$
3	Had to stop into a place that holds two of my most prominent diet words in it's name. I really wish I had more time to try more of the menu, but, very limited amount of time in Vegas.That said, the breakfast that was served to the table next to me looked amazing and I can't wait to try it.This go around though, hammered down on the "build my own" with ostrich (check another animal off my "got ya bitch" list of animals consumed!), sketti squash and some mashed sweet taters. Also got an antioxidant blast smoothie (berry mix).So, the chow.Ostrich - very lean, and decent. Tried it without the citrus bbq sauce first, and it was ok. Was hoping for a bit of seasoning or something, but, it was just cooked meat and no seasoning help. With the citrus bbq, not bad at all and solid chunk of meat. Texture was and cooked temp were not bad either. All in all, a solid slab of lean meat.Sketti squash - tasteless and didn't seem to be cooked enough. Was very disappointed in this one. I'm usually a huge fan of this and make it my own quite a bit (gives me something to do when my madre delivers 12 giant squashes from her garden). But, a little citrus bbq made it tolerable to wolf down like a desert coyote.Mashed sweet taters - very good. Was really happy to see this on the menu as a carb option. I hadn't had them in a while, and was pleasantly surprised to have a solid plate of mashed sweets. Perfectly fluffy, not stringy (which sweet taters can be when mashed thanks to the fibers), and solid flavor. Only thing missing was a chance to throw some cinnamon on them. If you've  never done that before, give it a go. Fantastic. I promise.Antioxidant smoothie - Great flavor, miss on the texture. I knew it'd be a bit think and chunky thanks to the apples (without an amazing juicer, apples are a prick to deal with). But, was hoping this place would have a juicer that'd take that away. Not so. In any event, smoothie and food rang up over $24. Considering the ingredients and if I were to order something similar elsewhere, I'm sure it'd be close to that too. So, not overly fussy with the price.
5	Every time I come here I get great service & pay great prices. They always give me suggestions due to my cravings & they always hit it spot on! The place is always packed with people... they are definitely doing something right. I will continue to come back and be a loyal Greens & Proteins customer.
5	Greens & Proteins is amazing, hands down. It's the only place I go when I'm looking for a bite to eat and want to eat healthy. So many places have tried the health conscious menu and the end result is flavorless food (Lyfe Kitchen) but everything I've had here is delicious. The bison wrap w/ tofu fries is my favorite. Highly recommended.
2	Got the green leaf berry smoothie. It was horrible. Didn't say anything until a worker asked how it was. I bluntly said, "This tastes like sh*t." Which it did because the worker said it doesn't even look the right color. He then asked if he could make it right. I asked if he could make me a peanut butter banana instead. He came back with a better tasting concoction. Way to do service recovery. Thumbs up to Kevin (the worker who saved the night.)Update: All I drank after the gym was the shakes. I ended up tasting them again...Something in those drinks just didn't agree with me. My girlfriend has the chorizo wrap and didn't have any issues. She enjoyed it and didn't get sick.
5	Awesome pick up service of excellent food. We called in our order and when we showed up the ladies labeled each meal with the name of the person who ordered it. Our customers really loved that. Delivered by www.postmates.com. We deliver from the restaurants you want to your home or office.
4	Healthy options in LV? I'll take it!Come here after a post workout!I'm in love with the wellness drink. At one point last week I had it 5 days in a row!Kinda pricey tho... so I'm minusing one star for that... otherwise... I'm always happy visiting GandP.Outdoor seating good for dog owners!
1	I get food here often.  Today they decided to not put my tofu fries in the order.  I don't see how hard it is to ensure the customer get what they pay for.  I guess if I decide to return I will just have to treat them like incompetent fast food workers and checks entire order.  This sucks because I really like their food.
1	I like the idea of healthy food as an alternative to the usual fast food fair, but they always take so long and the food is just not that good. I like the menu but I feel like they could add a bit more flavor. The healthy food I make at home tastes good, their food is quite bland.
4	I go in here specifically for MANBAKE bars which are so so good! I love the double chocolate and cookie dough! They have a bunch of flavors right at the register when you walk in. Make sure you check the expiration date because they are all different ;)
5	To be perfectly fair... All I eat are greens and proteins! So for me this place is like coming home to a perfectly prepared meal. I was blown away by the low calorie options, by the huge selection and by how great everything tastes. If you can tolerate the pretentious yoga pant wearers and the obviously into fitness body builders then this place is amazing!
4	Not bad at all!! This healthy food chain is pretty fantastic. It is super clean, service is friendly, and the food is good. They have their calorie counts clearly listed, and tons of options! I was actually pretty overwhelmed by all of the choices. Most items average close to $10, so this isn't the cheapest lunch spot, but all things considered (including the refreshing-and free- cucumber water), I can't gripe about spending a few extra dollars.
4	My two sons are athletes and we are always looking for healthy food options, especially if we don't have time to cook. For us, Greens and Proteins has become our "Go-To" healthy food option in Las Vegas. Sundays are our "Cheat Days" but if we need quick food on any other day, we're calling an order into Greens and Proteins and driving by for a pick up meal. The only reason we cannot give 5 stars is because of the costs. The food and service are remarkable, but you will be paying a premium price. We are not poor but we do have to follow a budget. We would eat here a lot more often if the price was a little more compatible with other food options.
3	Great healthy food, has so many GF options and different chains. However it is pretty pricey and a long wait time
5	After the gym I am starving and in need of some refreshments. Greens and Proteins has a great menu for the healthy bunch of us out there looking for clean food. I leave full but not heavy, and def recommend the bison burger...it was fantastic!
5	Of all the places in Las Vegas we chose this place because of its healthy flavorful food!  I love it!
5	A great place for healthy meals with a variety of options to choose from. I eat here a few times a week as I frequently order meals for pick up through chow now.
5	Not to many words to describe this place, but I will say everything I have had here is amazing
5	I love G & P, EVERYTHING on the menu is good you can't go wrong. BBQ chicken pizza on lavash is the way to go. It's priced reasonably too. My coworkers and I love it here because we can call in an order to go, it only takes about 10-15 minutes and there's still time to do other things in the lunch hour without rushing and it's a healthy but not over priced meal.
5	I Love Greens and Proteins. The wellness drink is the best! Everything is so good and super healthy for you. Great place to hit after the gym!
4	Greens and Protein is a healthy lifestyle themed cafe that I enjoy. They do a solid job at serving up tasty treats that focus on packing a punch with calories and nutrition. Healthy + Nutritious + Yummy = A happy and fulfilling power lunch. Come here if you're...A) health conscious  B) trying to stay on track with your lofty dietary goals C) want to try a spot that is all about getting Greens & Proteins into your hungry belly.G&P offers a variety of options to choose from. They offer-- small pickings (appetizers), soups, salads, pizzas, burgers, wraps/sandwiches, 'raw' options, smoothies, and juice. Things I've sampled and enjoyed included..... Crab and Avocado Lettuce Cups- Bibb Lettuce, Radicchio Cups, Crab and Avocado (they had me at crab and avocado...love at first bite)Hummus and Pita- Artichoke and Roasted Red Pepper Hummus with Pita bread for dipping (solid appetizer or main meal.. you choose)Tofu Banana Split Smoothie- Carrots, Banana, Strawberries, Tofu, Peaches, Pecans, Vanilla, Agave Nectar, Almond Milk, Yellow Squash, and Ice (I have them leave the agave out..  you can keep it in if you want to mask the veggie taste..)Bison Burger- Cheese, Lettuce, tomato and onion w/ tofu fries (This was my co-workers order. He gobbled it down and gave it 2 thumbs up)Tofu Fries - Tofu sticks that are baked and adorned with a paprika spice that are also served with some sort of dipping sauce (I sampled off my co-workers plate.. yeah, we share like that..)This place is all about providing you with a nutritionally sound bites that delight. Come here if you're watching the scale or trying to eat clean.
4	OMG wow! This place was so amazing! I'm not even the type of girl that enjoys eating healthy but this place actually was not that bad. I'm not even a big fan of Tofu yet I was munching on Tofu fries and let's not even get me started on how freaking bomb the barbecue pizza was... Like man oh man, I think I might need another Greens and Proteins fix again this week
4	Healthy options if you don't feel like cooking after leaving the gym!I used to come here a lot after my workouts since it is in the same shopping center as LVAC. Everything has the calories listed for the health conscious people.  The food is good and a little pricey which I don't mind since it is a lot healthier than Mickey D's.
