5	On my recent road trip from Dallas to New Haven, CT, Randy S. and I stopped in Pittsburgh to revel in its charms. This, I must add, was in opposition to his mother's strong protests to the effect of, "There's nothing *in* Pittsburgh, why would anyone go there?" Tazza D'oro is the answer to that question. Especially if you like coffee. This is easily one of the best coffee shops east of the Mississippi, and I've been to a lot of them. So, what's so good about it?Let's go in order of importance:Coffee - It is really, really good. They use Batdorf and Bronson beans, where an ex-gf of mine used to work in Olympia. Believe me when I tell you that B&B is good. It's not amazingly great, but it's very solid and they take roasting seriously. When I go to a new coffee place I suspect might be good I always get a latte. Why? This one has a high upside if done well and the lowest downside (lots of milk) if done poorly. I got a latte. They have a few sizes, 12oz was the first one I got. It was fantastic. They did a nice little rosetta in it too (look up latte art on google if you have no idea what this is). The baristo really knew what he was doing and pulled a some good shots with excellent crema. The coffee was so good (coffee is supposed to taste bold, smooth and rich, which it almost never does and this place had it down) I had to go back for an 8oz, which is another level of trust. It has the same amount of coffee but less milk to hide poor coffee quality. It was always superior. This is a coffee place that is truly top notch based on the coffee alone, but there was more. Pastries - They all looked amazing. I had a plain donut while I waited in line. Normally I don't eat plain donuts, because life is too short for plain donuts, but it was really, very good. Everyone was commenting on how nice the pastries were.Atmosphere - This place has it exactly right. It's a mom & pop feel, nothing forced. Some tables, outdoor seating, maybe some local art, but not in a goofy sort of way. Very friendly employees. Just a complete home run. Obviously I loved it. Behind me in line for my re-up, I heard a girl behind me in line complain, "we could just go to Starbucks, it's cheaper!" then proceeded to order with sugar free syrups and skim milk. That's fine. Everyone has to do what they like... and with the proliferation of bad coffee (Starbucks only being guilty of mediocre, though a little bit interesting coffee) over the past 10 years, I don't blame people for being set that way. But the beautiful thing about Tazza D'Oro (cup of gold in Italian) is that--if you let it--it will remind you that you don't need to make your coffee up like a drag queen on Halloween.Tazza D'Oro stands as a reminder that coffee can be enjoyed in all its naked glory in an awesome setting on a beautiful street and give you a good f'ing reason to go to Pittsburgh.
4	This place is nestled in a nice location next to the city water reservoir and highland park, making it a great place to grab a coffee if you are out for a morning walk. It offers a clean and casual interior and draws a more eclectic crowd than most cafes- leans a bit towards the business casual crowd. Still ha that neighborhood feel though. I have never had food there though they offer paninis. Great desserts. Good espressos and okay coffee.Outdoor seating. Good place to study. Plenty of laptop outlets and free wireless.
5	This is one of my two favorite coffeehouses in town. It took me far too long to come around and love Tazza D'oro. A horrible ex of mine loved this place and I admit that this soured me. I regret the time I wasted not going here. The dark wood inside comforts me. The small tables outside are a great place to spend the summer. Tazza D'Oro brews Batdorf and Bronson beans (amazing), provides Enrico pastries (amazing) free wireless (amazing) and one of the most talented and friendly staffs I've ever met (amazing). Everyone who works there is *so* nice and *so* good at what they do. They have a small menu of local/fresh food that looks amazing, but I have never actually eaten it. The espresso served here is actually better than the average shot served at Batdorf and Bronson locations in Olympia, WA. I talked about this with one of the barristas at TD'o and they were offended - "we calibrate our machines the same, we use the same beans, the exact same blends and milks and everything, it can't be different." Sorry, Tazza D'oro, you are better. The lines get long on weekend mornings, but they move quickly. There's a sense of community nestled here, just off the "main drag" of Highland Park, between Bryant st. and the reservoir. This is where you can pick up your CSA shipment for the week, where multiple weekly bike rides originate, where there are lively discussion groups meeting nearly every day. The percentage of students is low. Like the rest of Pittsburgh, there's a good chance you'll run into someone you know, but generally I see people I like and miss, which is different than the norm in Pittsburgh for me.
5	Do you see how all of the other reviews give this place 5 stars - this place is way more than a 5 star coffee shop.  I am giving all 5 stars to this delightful coffee shop because it is the perfect community coffee shop.  I am slightly saddened that they took out the 2 overstuffed chairs, but they need more tables because people like to come here and people hanging out in their community is a good thing.  It is 11:30 on a Monday morning and the place is almost full - there are always people coming going, getting coffee.It is a great place to sit and read the paper or to pick up some coffee on your way to some place else.Enrico's also has become a hub for other community activities - there a a couple of weekly bike groups that meet here.Other reasons to love this place (I know some of the other reviews highlighted these but I thought they were worth repeating).- free wifi- outside tables- tasty treats- they have a blog!- really great coffee- the staff are coffee experts
5	Although I am not a coffee drinker, I do love their iced mochas!  They have wonderful teas, cider, hot chocolate.  The servers are wonderful and the brownies, as big as your head, are like crack.  Amy, the owner, has created a wonderful place for community.
5	Tazza D'Oro has a generally European decor, with dark, rich colors and textures, and a cozy layout that makes the most of the space. The espresso is, bar none, the best I've had - including my admittedly limited travels in Italy. It's stellar espresso - rich, thick, potent without being sour or bitter, with unique nuances that vary slightly depending on the shot and the weather, but are always fantastic.The coffee is also terrific, and Tazza D'Oro uses Batdorf & Bronson beans - the best I've ever had for home grinding. They have a good selection of pastries and cookies, as well as a broad selection of tasty sandwiches that come with a satisfying side salad.In addition, they have a wonderful selection of teas; I'm no expert, and don't know their supplier, but the half-dozen different blends I've tried were all memorably flavorful.All that, and it's a lovely center of community, where you can bring your laptop or a book or a friend and spend the day. No one is rushed out the door, and there almost always seems to be a little room for your studies or conversation.
5	Best independent coffeeshop I've ever had the pleasure to visit.Best americano I've ever had.  Some of the best espresso I've ever had.  Great desserts, pastries, and cookies.  Good food.  The employees are awesome.The owner apparently put the shop there because their neighborhood didn't previously have anything like it.  The shop is also all about bicycling as transportation, sponsoring regular group rides around town, and also group walks for those not bicycle-inclined.
5	I LOVE this place. THE best coffee in the 'Burgh. Good atmosphere, great service. The food is really good too.
5	One of my favorite coffee places in Pittsburgh. THey also have pretty good sandwiches and salads if you are looking for some light lunch food. Otherwise, they have plenty of pasteries/cookies to eat that are pretty good.
5	Some of the best coffee I've ever had.  Ever.Stick with an Italian Cappuccino and bring a good friend for some good conversation.
5	Quick service, amazing coffee, nice vibe.
5	I love this place, its warm and cozy ambiance and the coffee and baked goods are wonderful!  The staff is so inviting too!
5	This is some of the best coffee I've ever had. I've been looking for a local coffee shop that made good coffee and didn't have irritating quirks in their service (I've run into a cash-only, lame hours shop and a we-don't-have-an-espresso-machine shop, which are useless to me.)The pastry I had was good, though a bit overpriced at ~$3. The mocha I had was absolutely amazing, though their largest size is only 16 oz, which is an adjustment if you're expecting the larger sizes some other coffee shops produce.
5	The coffee here was excellent! Had a double espresso. Apparently their roaster is in Santa Cruz Ca. Large selection of French Press Coffees. Baked goods did not look too great but that is not why I came here. Atmosphere is very mellow and comfortable. Also has Wifi which works! Nice to find a place like this when traveling. Is in the middle of a residential area and there doesnt seem to be anything else around here.
5	They just opened a spot at Carnegie Mellon, on campus in the Gates building and it has changed my life. My closest coffee option before was Seattle's Best, so you can imagine how delighted I was when this opened next door to where I have class all day.  The first week they were open I think I went there about 4 times.  The Italian Cappuccino will wire you for a few hours, but is totally amazing.  Their basic coffee pales in comparison to their espressos though, so stick with espresso drinks. I have also had two delicious paninis, which I highly recommend.  Knowledgeable service. Great drinks! yum!
5	I love Tazza D'Oro! great coffee, excellent baked goods and the food is delicious.
3	The coffee is really awesome but the brunch wasn't anything spectacular.  It was also exceptionally busy and me and my three friends had to crowd around a teeny tiny table.  All of us felt like the panini/burritos were totally edible and good just not great.  The flavors just weren't super tasty.  I would say yay on coming here for coffee sort of yay on coming for food.It kind of bothers me that it shows up as the number one restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I mean, it DEFINITELY does not deserve that ranking.  I wouldn't want out-of-towners coming to Pittsburgh and thinking that's the best we have.
5	This cafe's espresso drinks are on par with the best artisinal coffee houses anywhere.  I always go out of my way to get coffee from here when I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	I love tazza.. Their coffees are excellent and its a great place to enjoy a relaxing evening..I also like their Baklawa, sandwiches and Brownies..
4	Coffee, Coffee, espresso, cappuccino, coffee, espresso...TEA!!!  Amazing selection of TEAS; high-quality, loose and those that I've tried have been so delicately balanced, the word perfect comes to mind. While their espresso is also excellent, I've not been pleased by Tazza D'oro's (soy) lattes, so I am going to indulge my renewed enthusiasm for fine teas and work my way through their extensive menu that which is not to be overlooked if you have even the slightest interest in exploring beyond the weak frontiers of Lipton.
5	Best coffee in Pittsburgh, without a doubt. Believe the hype. I've been going here for years, and every visit is a pleasure.
5	Yes! Awesome soy cap, scone, and atmosphere. Nice place to hang out & read, and free WiFi with no login procedure.
5	Thought it's somewhat pointless to write a review for this place. I mean, every spro geeks i know of in town knows this is the best place to get a cup doppio or any espresso drink. The only reason I still decided to write this review is stupid yelp doesn't let me add a store to my list unless I have written a review for it. dah!This place is where all my fine coffee addiction started with. Never did I have a cup of starbucks coffee after my first visit to Tazza D'ro. Not sure if it is a good thing, since now I have to do a lot of research on where to get a good cup of coffee before going to a new city no matter for business or for pleasure.I love their signature "bike love" for all the espresso drink w/ milk. It's fruity, mild, and fragrant. It's addictive! The only thing I have against it is that it has pretty strong caffeine in it, although it tastes super innocent. It's actually almost stronger then any spro blend I've tried.I also appreciate a lot  the community atmosphere and the effort to bring in community improvement of TD.Not a good place to study/work at on a weekend afternoon tho. It's too popular thus noisy.
4	This is a staple neighborhood coffee house right down the hill from the park. Great outdoor seating. Very hip atmosphere. Plenty of plugs for laptops. Comfy chairs for relaxing. Friendly people. Only problem is finding a seat.
5	One of the best cups of coffee in pgh.  Great atmosphere for working, studying or a meeting.  Very neighborly feeling.
5	I would never have found this place if it wasn't for yelp.  It is somewhat hidden among lots of houses and residential buildings.  I ordered a latte and blueberry scone, both were great!  I wanted to order food but I was told that they do not serve food (even breakfast) until 11 a.m.  I would go back if i am in the area.
5	Some of the best coffee in Pittsburgh (and many argue that it is in fact -the- best). Really warm, rich blends, especially the espresso. The tea menu is extensive and has a lot of variety, so it's a great place for non-coffee-drinkers, too. It has a relaxed atmosphere with indoor and outdoor seating (is there anything cosier than curling up in one of the window seats with a book/notebook on a rainy day?). I've done it all here-- from writing and filing an article when the newsroom was too loud to meeting a blind date. It's a good place to linger and savor. Its proximity to the park is a big advantage.
4	The epitome of 4 stars: Excellent without being perfect. Tucked away in the middle of a charming old residential neighbourhood, you'll likely miss it the first drive by. Turning around is worth it.Yes the staff tends to be the typical hipster, bike-riding sort that so commonly seems to staff indie coffee shops, but they're friendly and unpretentious, so don't hold it against them.  The patrons are almost exclusively college students (anyone else tends to drive by and take their coffee to go), though hipsters are actually in the minority here.  Anyone under the age of 25 will fit in perfectly, and no one 35 and under will feel uncomfortable.  The noise level is perfect.  Most students are on their laptops with headphones, a few are chatting quietly, and the background (indie) music is just that.  You don't need headphones to concentrate here.Decor is decent without being great.  The ceiling is crossed by beautiful wooden beams, and the floor is a pleasantly bland creamy ceramic tile.  So is the wallpaper, though the original modern paintings tend to help make things interesting.  Where it loses points is in the furnishings: the mixture of wall lamps, hanging fixtures, and pot lights doesn't work well, the serving bar itself is an ugly cheap laminate, and the touches of plastic greenery dribbled around the place fails misserably.Iced water is provided, which is decent (plastic cups are a minus), but inferior to the mineral water other places serve. We tried their richly brewed Ethiopian to rave reviews, with the party split on whether the thick ceramic mug was a plus (hefty and warming) or minus (hard to drink from). Truly fantastic coffee, but the lattes were rather disappointing: Beautifully steamed milk in every cup, but a rather bland espresso shot left the latte rather lacking in the nuanced flavour one finds in a 5 star establishment.  The medium latte (12oz, with 2 shots of espresso -- the steongest ratio they offer) should have been far better.The food looked worth having, but we'd just eaten. Homemade pastries and fresh sandwiches looked tempting, and we certainly will come hungrier next time.A solid four stars, held back a bit by decor and a lot by espresso.
5	Just realized that no one mentioned about their chai latte yet. They make their chai from scratch. The best chai I have ever had outside of my indian co-worker's kitchen. The only thing is, since they premade a whole pot, there's no way you can get a cup of skim chai...
5	local, friendly businesses serving a great product DO still exist.
3	Reasons:1. LOCATION and setting: Highland Park is simply lovely - makes you feel as if you are in a small English town, where time has stood still. The art and small tables inside and outside are charming.2. Socially Responsible:Fair trade and international array of coffee.3. Fresh Meat:  Local pasture raised meat/ local produce in their tasty panini's.4. Nice crowd and staff.
5	Best coffee I had in Pittsburgh. Their Italian Cappuccino is pretty addictive.
5	The coffee here is amazing (I love when the baristas take the effort to make patterns in the foam). The baristas were extremely friendly and the pastries looked delicious. While there are a number of tables, Enrico's was busy even on a Friday night...I would imagine that it would be hard to find a table during peak hours.
5	one of the best espresso bars i've been to.+1 for great espresso.  i had a shot of ethiopian espresso.  fantastic!  grabbed a costa rican pour-over on my way out ... perhaps one of the best cups of coffee i've ever had.+1 for baristas who pay great attention to detail+1 for great atmosphere.  the ceiling is tastefully ornate, and the decor is pleasing.  hearty wood furniture used throughout.+0 for having a location a bit far from downtown.a favorite for locals and not-so-locals alike.highly recommended!  i will return...
5	The environment is just what you would hope for in a coffee shop: tastefully decorated with some local art in an old building with a cool ceiling and floor. A great place to enjoy a beverage, book, and music.I had an Italian Cappuccino. It was well balanced and I enjoyed every sip. On my way out I had a Costa Rican pour over that took me by surprise. It was incredibly smooth with a complex flavor. It rolled off my tongue without the thin taste of a poorly roasted bean. As the drink cooled the flavor profile changed but continued to please.I highly recommend this shop if you are looking for a place to spend a few hours and enjoy everything from speaking with competent baristas to the last sip of your drink. I will be returning.
3	I've read countless 5-star reviews of this coffee shop and I'm sorry, but I don't wholly agree with, well, everyone else; so, here's my slightly alternative take on the cafe.  I'm aware, like many reviewers on this site, that not every place is aiming for me as the target customer; but even still, there's no way this is a five star coffee shop. Yes, the coffee is good and if I happen to be lost in highland park someday on foot, I'm sure I'd stop in to get it again.  But the place itself was a turn off, despite the interesting people that it attracts.  Glossy refinished exposed wood beams, fake grape vines over the windows, and odd light fixtures create a tacky atmosphere I can't overlook or sit in.  I think this is a great coffee shop if you happen to own a house in highland park, but for me it's going to be voluto or espresso a mano from now on - it's just not worth the drive.
5	I tell everyone about this Highland Park gem my friend introduced me to. People who come here appreciate expertly steamed milk and delicious breakfast/lunch options. In this quaint shop gone are the days of the mass-produced lattes and microwaved sandwiches. Every time I visit Pittsburgh, I make sure this place is in my schedule somewhere. Love it.
5	Pittsburgh's definitely got nothing on Seattle when it comes to a good brew but if you look hard enough you'll find a few diamonds in the rough. Tazza D'Oro is one of them. I wont say THE best simply because coffee is such an objective taste but you cannot deny the expertise and care Tazza D'Oro subscribes to. It brings them millions of miles above Starbucks and (gasp) Crazy Mocha.I found out about Tazza D'Oro while browsing the blog of an award winning, internationally recognized barista. He conveniently mapped out his favorite coffee houses around the US via Google Maps. I clicked on PA and zoomed it, not even expecting to see a marker. Surprisingly there was -- only one -- and it was for Tazza D'Oro.Their baristas know how to make the perfect espresso. Once you've done that all of your other drinks fall right into place. They also do french pressed coffee which is a rare treat usually enjoyed at home and, at least in my case, not done nearly as well as it should be. Their pastries and baked goods come straight from one of the 'burgh's best bakeries -- Enrico's in the Strip District; what more could you ask for?I have a longer article on Tazza D'Oro as well as another great coffee shop, Espresso a Mano on my website. http://eatinginpittsburgh.com/2011/02/11/coffee-pittsburgh-part-2/
5	I can remember the time when I used to strictly drink mocha frappuccinos from Starbuck's thinking that it was the be all end all to coffee in my younger teens. Don't we all miss those days of being so naive? Admittedly, I never finish any coffee that I drink, not only because I'm apparently wasteful now that I think about it, but also because I'm a slow sipper and everything settles at the very end. Make no mistakes, I will finish any coffee drink from Tazza D'oro and at record speed. It is delicious to the very last drop and the best part is, they don't think that third degree burns go hand in hand with their coffee -- it's ready for drinking the moment you receive your order. Let's not forget about the food, which is also delicious. it's clear I have nothing bad to say about this establishment.Some of the staff remembers your order to a tee and all of them are always very courteous. The prices are reasonable and the location is great, tucked away in Highland Park.
4	Good coffee!! The atmosphere is nice, it was good to get out of the cold when we took our walk :)The coffee was good, and not too expensive.
4	This is where I learned what good espresso tastes like. If you make it to Highland Park, stop there and get some great neighborhood atmosphere.
3	I'll preface this by reminding anyone who reads my reviews that 3 stars is a good review for me--it means it's good, but I'm not going to go out of my way for it.  Enrico's Tazza D'oro Cafe is definitely very good--I love the location in Highland Park, and the early morning crowd seemed pretty nice and very eclectic.  We even ran in to a friend while we were there and had a nice chat.  My girlfriend and I ordered lattes which were excellent--the space was overall very nice inside and while the selection of pastries was a bit thin I would say the ones they had looked good.  I do wish they had more outdoor seating, though.  It's tough to make the "I'm a fan" list for coffee houses.  I'll try it again and may change my review in the future.  While I"m on the note of Highland Park, I want to join the chorus of people who are dismayed by the recent hit and run involving the two bikers in Highland Park.  Accidents (no matter how horrible) do happen, and as such I'm not as angry about the actual accident;  but to just drive away and leave people severely injured by the side of the road is pretty wretched behavior.  At this point, i only hope that if you are the person who did this, you will at least dedicate the rest of your life to doing good to balance your to-date lousy behavior.It's never too late.
3	The espresso is definitely good. Although the interior is strange, the location is cute for Highland Park. My beef is with the snarky Pittsburgh hipster Employee's that barely even engaged with my jokes made about their Beta Fish "Vivian." Seriously, a boy Beta, named Vivian! That fish needs some recognition and love. After basically flirting with ourselves, it seemed like all they cared about was acting cool and barely providing an engaging espresso experience for me and my friend who were obviously excited to be there! Next time, maybe there will be different employee's. But I have a feeling their lack of enthusiasm for serving the general public will deter me elsewhere. Sad times Tazza, I felt like I could have really loved you.
5	As if in answer to my prayer.I'm not basing this review on the quality of the coffee. I had Rooibos tea and a (delicious) apple galette. I'm basing this on the fact that I love this style of coffee shop (could be in Seattle or Portland). And the fact that since coming to P'burgh for a few days for the first time, it's the first aggregation of non-grumpy people I've been around. Well, to be fair, all the partying college students on the South Side last night were not grumpy. Maybe it's that the folks sitting around me here at Tozza Doro are just chilling, quietly dong whatever they are doing, and not being overly grumpy or self absorbed. They don't apear to have more than coffee and pastries, but they do have free wireless.There is not as much in this neighborhood as I thought there was going to be, but if you find yourself here, and you like non-corporate, home grown cafes, this is a great place to chill.
3	I think the lattes have improved since my last review and their soy cappuccinos are the best I've ever had, in fact, I never even cared for them until trying Tazza D'oro's. I still hold their teas in high regard. However, the food here sucks. They've always had a limited sandwich menu, but at some point even that has been reduced to three choices. I am a sucker for a good veggie sandwich, especially in combination with caffeine. Even though Enrico's is an easy walk from my home, I find myself either walking further or driving elsewhere for the caffeinated lunch experience. I guess they are trying to keep focus on the brews, but I don't think it's that hard to do both; I mean the staff seems highly competent, they have a kitchen and sandwiches are pretty simple recipes to follow and learn. With a new lunch joint in the 'hood (Park Bruges), why not expand lunch options rather than downgrade to the point of forfeiting without even the slightest struggle?
5	Outstanding lattes. Period. The service can be *very* slow, but the latte is worth the wait. And, the staff does not seem to care to chat with customers, but they make darn good lattes so who cares.Tucked in the beautiful Highland Park neighborhood among many historic houses and close to the handful Bryant street restaurants, Tazza D'oro is a fantastic place for coffee lovers like me. A nice short walk from Highland Park is a welcome plus. Get the latte, take a stroll down the street to explore the houses, and take a walk in the park. That is a beautiful and coffeeful sunny summer afternoon for you. They also have food, but I cannot speak for that. The interior is somewhat run down at places, but that gives it character.
4	Maybe Tazza D'Oro doesn't need another review, but I guess it never hurts to lend your voice to the chorus of those praising a good, solid and well-run local business.  The coffee selection is terrific.  The baristas are professional and courteous.  No, they are not chatty, but they are polite and friendly.  I'm not there for conversation, but for good coffee.  And that's what you get.  The pastries and snacks are fine.  Good variety.  The atmosphere is JUST what I want when I need a cup of coffee: relatively quiet, comfortable and calming.  When it first opened (how long ago how?) it was mobbed by some of my neighbors (I live in Highland Park) who adopted it as their private club and often seemed peeved at "others" who stopped by.   They've either relaxed or found other obsessions.  The clientele is, as folks said, eclectic and invigorating.  It's become our after-dinner spot after a meal at Park Bruges or Smiling Banana Leaf, too!
3	This place was pretty cool.  I mean defiantly felt like a place with a bunch of regulars, but i felt welcome inside.  All I got was a cup of coffee and a apple pastry.  My mother got a espresso.  Both drinks were good, but for being one of the top rated places on yelp, I expected more than what I expirenced. The apple pastry did not seem very fresh, but it was still very good and worth eating.  I guess I was just a little disappointed because I expected so much more than what I got.
5	Finally, a great neighborhood coffee shop that just so happens to brew fantastic coffee. The espresso is incredible, which makes for an excellent cappuccino, and the food is pretty good, too. Croissants, muffins, and other baked goods top the breakfast list, while made-to-order paninis and delicious homemade soups round out the lunch menu.The crowd at Enrico's is varied, which I really enjoy. My 65-year-old neighbor and his crew of retired friends pull up a chair every day at 3:00 pm next to business folks, college students, techies, and other folks who are looking for a good brew.No frills, no extras; just nice people in a quaint coffee shop, brewing up warm goodness.
5	Hands down the best cappuccino you'll get in Pittsburgh. I have yet to be disappointed. Consistency in quality in a coffee joint is what I'm looking for! (Oh and alright those delectable treats they always have don't hurt either... Apple dumpling?!?!)
4	What a cute little coffee shop in such an idealistic setting!  I sat amongst the gathered hipsters, moms, friends, ladies who lunch, power business lunch people in a sunny little corner of the room sipping my delicious Indian Spice black tea.Service was very friendly and looking at the fresh pastries and lunch list of homemade soups and sandwiches made me want to come back and enjoy a leisurely afternoon or perhaps work day here taking in all they have to offer.  I was surprised when I asked to see the tea list and the barista told me they didn't have much to offer.  Still looked like a good amount to me and I was pleased to see a variety of different offerings some coffee shops don't offer (because, well, they're usually coffee focused!).  I also enjoy that they use loose leaf tea, so you know it's not just coming straight outta a generic box of Twinings.  FREE internet is always a big plus with lots of outlets.  Now if someone could just find me an affordable house in Highland Park this could just be my next favorite neighborhood coffee shop!
3	Still one of the best places to get soy capps, but they no longer have an extensive tea list. What's left is not a bad selection, but there are dramatically less choices, so it's no longer where I would go to sample new varieties of tea. Sandwich menu is even more severely limited and it seems that pretty much all the food is provided by U.S. Foods, or the like; nothing is local. It'd be way cool if they would source their pastries and bread locally. Until then, it is simply a great place to get coffee and espresso, with nice vibes and pleasant service.
5	Great atmosphere, often crowded, not too expensive, tasty beverages. Both my husband and I had mochas- delicious!
5	Wonderful! Lovely! Quaint! One of the most refreshing cafe's in pittsburgh! My visit was a 'surprise' from my boyfriend who knows how much I appreciate fine espresso. I was instantly enamored with the set-up inside and the pleasant nature of the individuals who greeted us behind the counter. The baked goods were absolutely fabulous and we literally would have bought one of everything if we hadn't come to our senses. I ordered a grande cafe mocha and it came with a wonderful rim of whipped cream (I believe the whipped cream was homemade as well.... simply to die for) and a subtle addition of foam art which just shows how considerate the baristas are of their craft. My boyfriend ordered the italian cappuccino and said it tasted just like the drinks he would get in Italy over his 2 week visit with family this past summer. Now if that isn't representative of a solid job in bringing a European Cafe to the States, then I don't know what is!
4	their mochas are amazing
4	It was a bit out of the way of where we were staying, but I was swayed by the Yelp reviews!  You did not steer me wrong. A nice little coffee joint in a quiet neighborhood, Enrico's was the perfect spot to get my caffeine fix before starting the day at full speed.  My wife and I both got lattes and pastries, and everything was good to go.It looked like we were the only patrons that didn't plan on spending the whole day there, rooted to a chair.  We got the next to last free table.  Almost every "two-top" had only one person sitting at it.  I would imagine it's tough to find a seat sometimes. Recommend!P.s. I thought it was interesting that you can also purchase bike tire tubes here.
4	Great variety of coffee and methods (press, Chemex, pour-over).  I did not get a chance to try to the espresso, but it looked very good as well. Verve and Olympia are two very solid roasters and provide a wealth of choices. Staff was very helpful, location great. All around a good place in Pittsburgh.
5	Best coffee, ultimate staff, neighborhood gem
4	Great, authentic coffee at a reasonable price. The pastries are really tasty as well but pricier. It is a great atmosphere to catch up with a friend or just relax with a cup of coffee. The staff is also very friendly!
5	I really was missing Voluto before its new ownership / management took over, on Penn Ave.  I Needed a new place to try with friends who live in Highland Park for an excellent cup of fancy Joe. I'm a steamed milk kind of gal.Starbucks bless them when I am in a rush but i have to order a tripple just to get a hint of my fix, but the coffee here is the right strength to cover my caffeine withdrawals. Lovely atmosphere small but not tiny, outdoor seating if you want it. Their espresso shots are not served in steamed cups.Take note if you're a hardcore ezzzspresso shooter and you like it piping hot. I am sure if you asked they could probably warm the cup. The baristas are so friendly and laid back and funny. Also the staff members let me use the bathroom after closing one time perfect gentlemen :) A decent selection of yummy pastries to compliment your coffee awaits from apple turnovers to decadent brownies.I also like the crowd that comes here, there are younger people, older peopler and everyone inbetween (the 30 somethings and 40 somethings) my age group. It has a neighborhood feel but I can tell people come from surrounding areas, Tazza is a great example of merging the old and new in Pittsburgh while maintaining the character of its home borough.
4	Cute little spot in a sweet neighborhood. Snag a table before ordering and you'll have a great experience. I stopped in for a cappuccino and sandwich. The cappuccino was hot and satisfying (good quality beans, strong). and the vegetable panini adequate (I'm not the biggest fan of artichoke leaves).Good spot for reading a book and eavesdropping on strangers' conversations.
4	I had always meant to visit Enrico's, and since my friend recently moved to the neighborhood, it was a perfect opportunity to cross it off my list.So here's what I liked: the cappuccino was perfect. It's an awesome cappuccino, topped with a cute foam art leaf.Here's what I didn't like: Sometimes I take my cappuccino plain, sometimes I take it with a shot of syrup. On this occassion I asked if I could get amaretto syrup, which they had. But the barista responded: "No, you can't." He said they only make their cappuccino plain, and if I liked sweet, he could make me something special, but I would have to trust his taste. Here's the thing...I don't like sweet! I don't have much of a sweet tooth. I just wanted a tiny bit of sweet, so I didn't think trusting his mystery concoction was a good idea. I just got it plain.I'm not a big fan of coffee shop snobbery nor the fact that this guy seemed to have sterotyped me as a Starbucks-guzzling yuppie who had to be shown what a "REAL" cappuccino tasted like. Please, I lived in Italy, I've had a "REAL" cappuccino...but right now, I want a flavor shot in it. I still tipped because I wasn't sure if it was the barista or just a general rule at this place, and he did offer to make me something different. I just don't get what the deal is here...why do they even bother having flavor syrups if you're not "allowed" to add them to your drink? It's a 5-star cappuccino for sure, but I had to subtract a star for the attitude.
4	What a great find! I frequent the nearby Bryant street restaurants, but did not even know this place existed until a friend of mine brought took me here today for hot chocolate. I immediately fell in love it. The baristas were very friendly and my hot chocolate was great! There were also some incredibly delicious-looking pastries which I will need to go back soon to try. There was a nice ambience - it was quiet but not uncomfortable so. It would be a great place to study, read, or visit with friends.You should expect to wait a few minutes for your drink, but it is well worth it :-)
5	BEST COFFEE IN PITTSBURGH!You might think there is better coffee elsewhere.  You're wrong!I love this coffee shop, and there is a second location the Gates Building at CMU that I like to go to--their panini are to die for.I love this place, and you will too!
4	Best coffee it Pittsburgh? Maybe, but this place is certainly competitive. French Press, Drip, espresso, or pour over? You name it they've got it. Only downside of this place is a limited food and pastry selection. If it is just coffee you want you this is the place. It is it a bit snobbish sure, but not nearly as much as many of the other coffee shops in Pittsburgh.
4	This is a quiet little nook in Highland Park that is perfect for tea, coffee, snacks and getting some work done or catching up with an old friend. I used to frequent this place much more when I lived in Pittsburgh, but I still make an effort to come back a few times a year for the ambience. It is great in the summer and fall because they have a few tables outside.  The staff is great and the prices are reasonable, too. The only change I could think of would be to put on some soft easy listening music. It'd make the vibe a little more comfortable!
5	Everything I want in a bistro!  The sandwiches are delicious, the service is wonderful.  Love that pastry guy!  Ambiance is great!  The only thing is... it's a little crowded because everyone loves this place!
5	Really hard to find a good cup of coffee in the states... I'd say this is the best  cappuccino I've had since Italy.
4	I've heard a bunch of good things about this place, so I decided to make a trip over there on a Sunday to check it out. While I enjoyed the coffee and cookies I bought, I have to say that everything seems to be a bit overpriced and I did get a feeling of snobbery from some of the staff. However, the venue was actually nice with a nice neighborhood feel. Every time I have been there since it has been really crowded and I've had trouble finding a seat. I would love to go back in the summer and sit outside at one of the tables.
5	I just moved into a new place in highland park and realize this place was right next door. I'm a huge fan of coffee and have never been quite satisfied with the taste ever since my trip to Italy(where there coffee is to die for). This place makes me happy with coffee again. I've also had lunch here and bagels for breakfast both very delicious. This is my new place!
3	So I went on a marathon 2 hour bike ride right before heading to Enrico's for the first time and on my last mile all I could think was "iced caffe mocha, iced caffe mocha" over and over again.  Did I mention that I forgot my water bottle on my ride too?  I was a desperate woman at the end of that one.So I got home aired myself out and drove myself to Enrico's since a previous yelper mentioned she had the best iced caffe mocha there.  There was easy street parking right out front and I really liked that it was nestled in the middle of a neighborhood and not a loud crowded street.  Tables are large enough for good work space and folks had their laptops out inside enjoying the free wifi while the tables outside were filled with friends.So why the 3 stars?  Well the iced caffe mocha was a bit subpar.  The syrup was all at the bottom leaving my first couple sips very watery.  Could have been a better mix.  Would I give this another try?  Sure but I definitely will ask for a nice hard shake of my iced caffe mocha before taking a swig.The coffee place at the Walnut Mall in Shadyside is still my favorite for the iced coffee of the year award.  Try the iced OR blended ghiradelli mocha when you are shopping Shady-style - AWESOME!
4	I love Tazza D'oro! It is in such a great little area and is a nice place to spend some time with a delicious cup of coffee.It it sometimes busy and hard to find a table (which is not surprising since it's a great spot), but I like the neighborhood feel and the staff has always been very friendly.I usually get iced Americanos in the summer and regular coffee or lattes in the cooler weather. All of the drinks I have ever had here have been tasty. I have also had some of the pastries (and maybe a bagel at some point?) and everything has been fresh.I'm a big lover of coffee shops and this place fits all of my requirements. While I don't live in Highland Park, it's definitely worth an occasional trip.
5	Absolutely fantastic. One of my favorite places to hideaway and get some work done or just read a book.
2	The coffee was ok, but the service and ambiance left much to be desired. The place was dirty, with straw wrappers etc on the floor. The light fixtures were too modern to be considered cozy. There were four people on staff but it took at least 2 minutes for one of them to stop gossiping with the others and take our order.  I got the feeling that this place has had a lot of success and the owners have let things slide. It was ok, but in looking for a coffee shop to make my regular hangout, I would not go back.
3	We ordered a double espresso which looked more like a single shot. Cozy coffeeshop with an ample amount of seating.There were different types of coffee available for purchase to drink there and beans to take home.Cute neighborhood coffeeshop type feel.
4	A nice place to sit and read, and drink amaaaaazing coffee. I like the atmosphere, and will definitely be a return regular customer.
5	I adore this place! The light green walls are serene, the chairs and tables are comfortable, and I love their little brownies with three kinds of chocolate chips in them! The coffee is perfectly smooth and rich, which is the most important thing to get right. (I'm not into masking the taste of burnt espresso with a mocha!) If a place can provide me with a cup of coffee that doesn't taste like it will give me an ulcer, I'll be a fan for life. The only other Pittsburgh place where I've found coffee this delicious was at Commonplace Coffee in Squirrel Hill. I went to college near Chicago and come from California. I count Intelligentsia and Blue Bottle Coffee as some of my favorite places, so I mean it when I say the coffee here is wonderful. Try it out, you won't be let down.
3	On three separate visits, I've enjoyed three great cups of coffee. No complaints there. Unfortunately, that consistency hasn't been there for everyone. On a visit with my wife, her latte came out far too milky. Probably just a mistake, so we reasoned that this place deserved a second chance. The next time around, we order a pair of cappuccinos, one with vanilla --Now, before I go any further, I recognize that cappuccinos are typically made without sugar or added flavoring. I have also been to a ton of neighborhood coffee shops, have heard the question "wet or dry" a thousand times. Sometimes a "wet cap" is really what you're hoping for in a latte. And even when it's not, like most people, I don't snark or complain when someone gives me a cup that isn't quite what I was hoping for. I usually end up liking it anyways. My taste buds aren't that delicate.Perhaps you can see where I'm going with this story. Vanilla cappuccino. I get it, it's not something that's done. But when someone asks you for something you don't sell, just explain the situation politely. If you feel the need to snark, share knowing glances, or anything along those lines, just stifle it. Trust me, I've seen many professionals perform better with requests far more ridiculous. There's really never any need for snobbery. So I've got to dock Tazza d'Oro a bit. Too bad, because the coffee is pretty good.
1	The people who work here are very rude. I have gone back a few times thinking it may have just been the person working that day was just a rude person, but no it happen every time. I am not a young hip person and felt very out of place there. It is like you are walking into someone's house and bothering them. The people working behind the counter act like you are interfering with there conversation. Plus it is very dirty. Perhaps the people working there should try cleaning the place instead of talking to each other. I will not go back again.
5	I walked in to this business and immediately knew I could risk a latte without flavoring to cover up poor quality or technique, and I was absolutely correct. The espresso was a perfect balance of flavor with a smooth finish, the foam was stretched perfectly and expertly poured to form a heart in my mug. My accomplice's Americano was equally well made, not a note of sourness but plenty of body and flavor. I regret that I didn't notice the "Manual" bar menu before I ordered, I've been dying to try a pour-over coffee, and I know it would have been delicious. Pro-Tip: There is no sign for the unisex restroom, which is to the left of the service area, past the bulletin corkboard.
1	The coffee isn't good and they don't seem to care. If you're a local, I get that it's the only game in town but this place isn't worth traveling for. I really wanted to like tazza d'oro. I've been several times, hoping that my bad experiences were isolated incidences. I drink espresso. I know what it should taste like and what it looks like when the person making it gives a damn. I have no complaints about paying $3.00 for an espresso but if it isn't right and I let you know you should probably try again. The last time I went in, both baristas admitted they hadn't tried/pulled the espresso I ordered. The gentlemen working there, who was very nice, pulled my shot. I tried it and it was very sour. I let the girl standing directly in front of me know that I didn't think it was pulling correctly and her response was an unenthused look and the comment "ya well we just got it". Silly me to have expected that you also want the espresso you "just got" to taste good...This place clearly isn't going anywhere in the near future. It's a favorite with locals who like to hangout there. It's just a shame that they seem to have all of the equipment and even the beans to make at least a decent shot and they don't seem to care about actually pulling it off.
5	Had a cup of Cappuccino. Tasted good, but not that impressive. Well, it's just a regular cappuccino. Five stars to the street view at a sunny winter afternoon.
4	Best Cafe in Pittsburgh - like a hidden gem. The sandwiches are delicious, you must try the chocolate chip brownie, and the coffee is great and made exactly the way you like it.
