3	Roxy's has a great selection of sandwhiches and lunch items at a decent price.  The service we had was outstanding and all of the servers indivudally sing a 50s tune at some point during the meal.  We ended up eating here because the restaurant in the tower was booked.  Convenient place to eat if you're staying at the Stratosphere but I don't know that I'd go out of my way to eat here unless you are a fan of the 50s.
4	double decker grilled cheese &  lots of kitschdon't let the singers get too close
4	At first glance this is just another 50's retro diner,but the food is much better than you'd think. Burgers rate about 8,fries and shakes 7. Service is about what you would expect. I was surprised to find something this good at the Stratosphere.
3	Roxy's is your typical 50's themed diners, but with a twist.  It's got a singing and dancing staff.Now, I'm a big theatre nerd, I went to LVA (the performing arts academy) for theatre and continued on with my theatre education at UNLV.  Suffice it to say that I've known probably about 90% of the people who have worked at Roxy's.  I've been here many, many, many times.The food here is good, but I've been spoiled by places like Johnny Rockets (for chains) and Otto's (for local places) that if you're not running a stellar burger-and-fries joint I'm a little disappointed.But hell, there are dorks in poodle skirts singing to you.  That's at least good for a chuckle.
4	This place is sooooooo kewl. We just loveds the 50's style dining, music and live singing. The food was excellent too. We went there for the brunch. Nice waiters and very good service.
3	We ate here for breakfast and let me tell you... I was a bit disappointed by the breakfast selection.  The diner opens at 10:30am and we were there on the dot... so you'd expect a decent breakfast menu.  They didn't have pancakes.  What kind of diner doesn't have pancakes?Aside from not opening on time, the staff were generally pleasant, the restaurant atmosphere was nice, and the singing was amusing.  Let's put aside the fact that some of the songs they were playing weren't from the 50's.  I had scrambled eggs, sausage, and hash browns... which were good, but no different than you'd get at a Denny's or IHOP.  My companion ordered French Toast, which after taking a bite I wished  I'd ordered that instead.I give this place 3 because it's nothing special really... aside from the singing waiters, which I'm not particularly impressed with.  Most waiters are wannabe actors or theatre people anyway in my experience (and like Crystal C, I also went to college for theatre and consider myself a theatre nut).
3	Nothing special about this place AT ALL, except for the hula-hooping, dancing waitresses. Otherwise, I was disappointed with the service and the food. Being a small eater, I ordered a kiddie meal which (as the menu states), comes with a small drink. The stipulation for ordering the kid's meal was that an adult entree had to be ordered--not a problem since my husband was eating, too. When I asked the waiter about my drink that came with the kiddie meal, he said, "But you're not a kid." He said it with such a pompous attitude that I didn't even argue. The menu did not state, "Small drink included only if you're a kid."I ordered the mini burgers with fries...fries were not too bad, but the burgers tasted like the kind you buy in bulk and then microwave. Whatever.
3	Pretty basic food, and not too bad really.  But a little pricy for what you get (OK ... it is in a casino hotel ...)The decor is 50's, but that is about it.
2	I was excited to check this place out, because it was inexpensive and a 50s diner (yay!) but they didn't have anything I could eat as a vegetarian.  Not a single thing.  So we went elsewhere.  Sad!  It looked cute!
3	Mediocrity at it's best.  Burgers are 1/2 lb (too huge for me!) and the fries were cold.  Be prepared for singing waiters and some other annoyances.    I do recommend the hot fudge milkshake ... very good.
3	Good price for good food. Huge hamburgers... I got the sliders and my bf had to finish them (after he had a 1/2 lb burger!)The angel hair onion rings are really good!
4	The amount of food you get is amazing. They also have people that sing every five minutes. The servers were great and this is the best thing about the floor area of the stratosphere
5	Normally I rate based on accessibility, but in this case, who cares.  To me, It's Vegas...aka Vacation.  I live in the Southern California region.  But hey, since you asked...ACCESSIBILITY REVIEWNo bathroom that I know of, I didn't ask.  I stayed in the Stratosphere Hotel & Casino, which sucked but that's for another time and place.  There are no steps/stairs in this place and it's very accessible to get through.RESTAURANT REVIEWI ordered the Big Daddy Double Decker burger.  I like hamburgers, but unfortunately this one was too big.  For some reason, I liked it the first time, but the second time, I couldn't seem to put it down.  Maybe I 'partied' too hard the night before and just couldn't seem to eat food, if you know what I mean...wink wink.  It's served w/ onion rings which are good.The one thing that makes this place unique, is that everyone that works here is required to be able to sing, with the exception of the cooks.  The host and servers take turns singing a song every few minutes or so.  Considering this is a 50s diner, they do 50s songs.  Don't expect Metallica...well, maybe at the rate they (Metallica) are going, but I hope not.  When they sing, they'll walk around the room and put a hand on a few of the customers, singing directly to them.  If you're lucky, it'll be a really hot waitress, and yes they have them.  I was eyeing 3 of them one night.   If you're like me, you get excited when any hot girl so much as even looks (let alone, touches you on the shoulder) at you.  Then again, I'm a lonely guy.  Oops sorry, this shouldn't be part of the review.  Secreast, out!
5	This place is great! I loved it. We went for breakfast w/a party of about 15 people. They sat us down fast. The host sat us down and the waiter attended us immediately.We showed up at a time between breakfast and lunch. So some of the people in our group had breakfast while others had lunch. The breakfast menu is small but sufficient choices. The regular menu is looks like a record LP. The place is Coke themed as if Coke sponsors the restaurant. But overall looked good.I had a Chicken Fried Steak meal w/eggs and sausage. It was delicious. compare this to places like Denys and IHOP and Roxy's will blow them away. The waiter took a bit long which we didn't realize cause when you have a large group you're into a lot of conversations.The waiter arrived with some food. Food for half the group. He said he accidentally dropped a tray. First time in about 6 yrs. So we WOWED for a little bit. Not sure if it was because he dropped a tray for the first time in 6 years or because he had been working there that long. Soon, the waiter began to sing a song. My girl. He came over and sang to a girl in our group. We laughed and clapped. It was great.After the song, the waiter brought the rest of the group their food. On one order, the waiter made a mistake, he brought sunny side eggs when the person asked for scrambled. He quickly sent the plate back for a correction. The waiter then offered dessert for everyone on him. Some people took it, some didn't, I was way too full.I did get a taste of the Stratosphere shake. It was good. But way too much sweetness after breakfast. We paid and left a fat tip for the waiter. He was a cool dude, funny with a good personality and he took care of mistakes instantly.
4	this place is good, the price is good for what u get, the waiters do sing to some classic music throughout the day, we had breakfast there and the chicken fried steak and I had a regular breakfast (eggs,sausage, and toast with hash browns.) it was pretty good. I give it a 4 star. for 2 people we spent $25
4	every time i stay at the stratosphere i have to eat at this place. when i first saw it i wanted to here because of the way that it looked...it had nothing to do with the food..but i also now go because of the food. this place is like heaven to me because im a burger,fries, and coke kind of girl. i need to eat this all time (i know its bad for me) and for me to find a place like this..is just great! the burgers are pretty good and so are the fries. this is the only thing that i have ever ordered lol :) the best thing is that they have coke!! its hard to find some in vegas. oh yea the waiters are good and they can sing too. i guess thats a good thing too. i dont really care for the singing. the DJ guy can be dumb sometimes but i guess that you have to be goofy to be a DJ idk. overall this is a good place to grab lunch or dinner when at the stratosphere. and its also not too expensive. have fun!
5	After being to almost every place in Vegas at least once through the years, we have to say this 50's diner is great and we recommend anyone to go check it out for themselves. Although not the biggest it has a good atmosphere. they all where 50's outfits like "poodle skirts" and they actually sing and entertain you as you eat. They have great burgers and of course malts too !
3	The food is pretty good here. The draw, though, is the fun environment. The staff sing tunes from the 50's and 60's while you eat, making for a very festive atmosphere inside !A great value for a restaurant inside a major casino, on the 'Strip'.
4	Yes, it's a corny 50's diner and the wait staff dancing and singing is HIGHLY annoying BUT the food rocks.  Well I was heavily intoxicated and the grilled cheese sandwich I had was amazing.  Drunk food = good food.
3	This is yet another restaurant we frequented due to being located in our hotel, the Stratosphere.  I had my eyes open for food deals for lunch, because we were going all out for dinner every night (i.e. Mesa Grill and Craftsteak).  I saw a couple signs for their $7.99 burger, fries, and drink special for showing your player's card.  Thus, the reason we gave it a try.Now I LOVE LOVE LOVE oldies music...50's and 60's... so I really enjoyed the entertainment.  This is a typical 50's style diner, playing oldies music, with the servers singing some of the songs.  They were actually good singers, and weren't overly cheesy... just having fun, and making each other laugh.      Both times we went I opted for the $7.99 burger deal... it was just too good to pass up, since everything else on the menu was around $10 or more.  The burger was big, thick, juicy, and perfectly cooked every time...topped with cheddar cheese and a peppercorn mayo.  It was pretty damn good (but a lot of things taste better when hungover, so take that with a grain of salt).  The fries were just okay... average diner fries I guess.  One of my friends ordered the chicken fingers, which were pretty bad.  So bad that she didn't even finish them... not because she was full, but because they were THAT bad.This place is definitely worth trying if you're staying at the Stratosphere... just stick with the burgers.
3	Went here for the burger special ($7.99 with your players card) and it was a pretty good deal - big burger with cheese, fries and a soda.  The food was good - one of our party got the onion rings, yummy - and it was relatively inexpensive for the amount of food.The entertainment is really the thing that makes this diner stand out from your run-of-the-mill burger joint.  The servers sing and there is a DJ spinning tunes from the 50s, 60s and recent stuff too.  I haven't tried anything else on the menu, but, I do plan on going back!
4	Here are my top 5 reasons as to why you should check this place out if you're in the area;1. They play some serious oldies. I mean the good ish...2. The waistaff was incredibly friendly and knowledgable3. The waitstaff could all sing and I mean sing!4. Hands down the best oreo shake I've ever had5. You're in Vegas
5	I loved this place! We were trying to eat at the Top of the World restaurant but found that you need reservations and business casual clothing to get in. Two things that my party did not have. So in our quest to find a good place to eat, we stumbled upon Roxy's Diner. It looked like a fun place and there was no line waiting so we walked right in and were sat immediately. The waitress was incredibly nice and had a great singing voice! All the waitors/waitresses did! It was fun when they all sang. They were actually really good. The food was good too. I had a chicken sandwich with bbq sauce. Very tasty!  I liked how they served my potato chips. I thought the chips didn't taste like traditional potato chips but had a really good flavor to them. I loved it all. The food was also reasonably priced as well. Overall, I'd recommend this place if you love the decade of the '50s and all that it has to offer because Roxy's will not disappoint you.
2	My fiance and I stayed at the Stratosphere and we didn't get to Vegas till about 945pm.  After the time it took to check in and drop off our luggage [into a horrible room, btw, check my review about that as well!] it was like 1030pm and most places were closed/about to close.  Yes, we're in Vegas.... there are a million [good] places to eat, but in all honesty, we were exhausted and this place seemed good and it was right next to the elevator to our room, so yea... The place isn't horrible.  Don't get me wrong, if I wasn't starving... and if it weren't almost 11pm.... and if I just wanted dessert.... and if I wasn't in a crappy mood because of our shitty room, I probably wouldn't give the place such a bad review.... but yes, all of these things came into play.So my fiance ordered a raspberry iced tea and I ordered a chocolate ice cream soda to start.... now I ordered their special, which was a cheeseburger, fries, and a soda for $7.99.  Now, I didn't order a soda, but obviously my fiance did.... so shouldn't they have given that to me for free?  Nope they charged me for it... so I was already irked.  Also, these two guys were seated at the table next to us [maybe 10-15 minutes after we sat down].  Our waiter checked on them at least 5x for each time he checked on us [which was probably twice].  And how the hell did they get their food at the same time as us?  So either he asked the cooks to rush their food, or our food was just chillin in the kitchen for awhile.Anyway, service aside, the food in general kinda sucked.  The bun on our burgers was made out of some kinda bread that falls apart when you touch it... the meat had no flavor... and their "secret sauce" will definitely remain a secret.... because no one will ever want to guess what's in it cuz it SUCKS.  hahaha
3	Cute place. The atmosphere is tons of fun! Everyone is really nice and friendly. It's a 50's style diner and the waiters every 20 minutes or so sing and dance around the restaurant. The food is just okay. I had greasy fried catfish, average french fries, and oily onion rings. Even the vegetables seemed like they were going to clog my arteries. Roxy, whoever you are, great job at the atmosphere, service, and decor!
3	The food was pretty decent. Nothing really to rave home about though. My friends and I decided to eat here after riding the Thrill Rides since we didn't want to eat right before. We originally wanted to eat at the Italian place next door, but they weren't open yet.Three of us ordered the California chicken sandwich with onion rings and another ordered the appetizer sampler. Hits the spot when you're really hungry, but I don't think it'd be my first choice if we weren't.
3	decent food, a little cheesy. the big black girl can SANG. at one point she went mic-less and just belted in the middle of the diner. i had the hot dog, and it was GIGANTIC and amazing. really, top 5 hot dogs of my life. boyfriend had the club sandwich and since i hate bacon i took his word on it being good. we both had the fries as our side but they were really blah. kinda cold, kinda mushy, whatever. we also got shakes later in the day which were also good. just know this, if you want the giant one in the stratosphere cup, go for it. you may regret not getting it later. i did.
4	I like this restaurant because it is themed out. It gives you the 50's theme when you walk into the restaurant. The waiters and servers all have cool nicknames like "Spanky" or "Rocco". I order a chili burger, which didn't have as much chili liked I hoped, but it was still pretty decent. I believe the whole casino is having a deal with Budweiser beer, which was $2. Not too bad, I'm not a big fan of Bud beer, but I couldn't pass up such a cheap deal.Also, from time to time, some of the servers or waiters would stop what they are doing and start singing a song. It was fairly entertaining while we are enjoying our food. I really felt like we were in the 50's with everything provided by the restaurant staffs. Pretty good, would definitely give it another try if there were a few more things on the menu.
4	My husband and I came here on our 3rd day of our honeymoon to have lunch. He ordered the patty melt which was pretty good. I was craving hot open faced turkey, which they didn't have so I opted for the hot open faced beef. Glad I did! I have to say it was the best I have ever had, the gravy and the roast beef was amazing! And the mash potatoes were very good too. I'm glad we came here, and $2.00 drafts, score!Also, one of the staff started to sing when we left, all in all it was a great experience. Friendly staff and a clean place to eat.Hope this helped :)
1	food sucks, service sucks...but the waiters sing and thats a barrel of laughs. theres also a gay guy who works there, and he must be the only gay in that village...vegas is way homophobic.
1	I don't want to waste more than the bare minimum of time reviewing this place. Wait in line to enter a VERY loud, busy, environment. Waiter takes forever, finally order, it's wrong. Get it fixed, don't see the waiter even after we spilled a drink (sober and clumsy), finally get refills, still SUPER loud, food sucks, have to give our bill to another waiter because we can't find ours, book for the door as quickly as possible. I stayed in this hotel for 5 days and avoided this place like the plague.
3	I live in Vegas and am in this casino all the time, but I'd never eaten here before. Indeed, it's classic diner fare. Breakfasts, sandwiches, burgers, shakes and desserts. Their angel-hair onion rings are good, especially dipped into ranch. They sing- a LOT. It may have been more than usual due to it being the weekend, but it seemed like every 5-10 minutes someone else was belting out a song. They've got much better voices than I do, so it wasn't a bad thing. The acoustics in the corner I was in weren't the best, I couldn't make out the actual lyrics- just that their voices were good. It gets really loud when they're singing, so if you're a conversational type you'll prefer other venues for sure. Food is better than Denny's or Ihop, location is convenient if you're already staying in the casino and the prices aren't exorbitant. I wouldn't seek it out, but it's not really my type of restaurant in the first place. BTW, they're open 24 hours- so you can get your drunk food delivered by singing 50s style staff at 3am if that's your thing.
5	When you go to Vegas there is a LOT of competition when it comes to places to eat.  There are plenty of places that you can go and get a decent meal, but there is basically nowhere that you can go to have your waitress bust out in a full on 1950's rock song while you are dining!You can actually view a bunch of videos on YouTube taken at Roxy's to give you a feel for what to expect, but you really have to go there to experience it in person:http://bit.ly/cs7wtZBottom line: Roxy's ROCKS! Prices were fair, food was very good, and the spontaneous singing was fantastic! Don't miss Roxy's!
3	My friend took me and my boyfriend here to eat. This place is alright. This place has karoke and the waiters here are actually singers and entertainers (which is pretty cool..a lot of them  can actually sing). Its a good place to chill with a group of friends.As far as the food goes, there burgers are not too bad, they serve huge portions. And serve these Stratosphere shakes that come in this really cool container. But they're like 10 bucks..which is pretty pricey. But I think you're really paying more for the container which can be a souvenir.Our waiter was kind, but she took wayy to long to come to our table which was quite frustrating.  Besides it being an overpriced dinner, It is not a terrible place, but I am not sure if I would come to this place again.
3	Best thing about this place is it's open 24 hours!!! The bf and I stayed at Stratosphere and would have late night snacks; of course, we didn't wanna travel outside of the hotel at 3am so, and this spot was perfect.They had onion rings, shakes, malts, breakfast, burgers. It had that 50's vibe! Felt like I shoulda put on my best poodle skirt.Service was pretty good considering these people were working at late night/early morning. And that place was pretty packed with people.Not complaining because it was better than I expected.
2	Food is casual diner fare, emphasis is on singing cheerful 50's waiters. This is a good place for a fast bite before riding the vomit inducing rides located straight up the stratosphere above.Don't expect more than Sysco foods here, sadly it is what you will get served at every other diner type place across America. Mass produced, usually frozen not great quality etc....The servers are going to sing at least twice while you are there, and their singing is not bad, thankfully.
2	The place is okay. The food is like diner food but a bit over priced. The staff is friendly and the atmosphere has the 1050/60s vibe. I would give the entertainment a 4 but this rating is based on the greasy food.
2	We only stopped here because we were starving after getting up the tower and had no interest in searching something better. We both had the chicken avocado club wraps which to be fair, were very good. After we finally got them. This was probably around 9 PM on a Wednesday. The place had a few dozen guests at best but the service was very, very slow. Had to wait a long time to get a couple glasses of soda and even longer for our sandwiches. The 50's singing waiters was just annoying to me. But I know that's their thing there so others may really like it. For dessert we split a banana malt which I have to say was super good. Was not terrible overall but I'd probably not go here again.
3	We were staying at the Stratosphere and wanted to eat somewhere in the hotel.  The place is really cute and the girls were wearing adorable 50's outfits.  The staff was friendly and while we were waiting for our food,  a voice came on the speaker of the restaurant saying that he hoped we were enjoying our dining experience and that now one of the waitresses was going to sing.  Aww, cute.  So she started to sing "Then He Kissed Me" while walking around the restaurant and putting around her arm/sitting next to some of the male customers.  It was entertaining.I ordered the patty melt and my husband ordered the bacon-cheddar burger.  The food was ok.  I've had better at Millie's or Marie Calendar's.  So because of the entertainment, the look of the place, and the friendliness, I bumped them up an extra star.
4	Was pleasantly surprised! The chicken noodle soup was definitely worthy of five stars.
3	Good Caramel Shake and Eggs Benedict. Burger and Orange juice was just okay. Filled us up for the day
1	The one who says he is the manager the fat F..k lies about taking reservations that the waiter confirms. When waiting 15 mins out by the entrance??!!DO NOT GO THIS PLACE!! People who work here are liars !!!
4	Sing and dance along you will in this diner that takes you back in the time of 1950's when poodle skirts, petticoats, ponytails, bobby socks, loafers, wing-tip or stiletto shoes, cardigan sweaters, jersey shirts, baseball hats, "pink" ladies, "motorcycle" dudes, capris, leather jackets was the style. Or maybe just reminiscent of the movie "Grease" and fav actor James Dean or Marilyn Monroe styles. I frequent this diner which is located inside The Stratosphere, in front of the elevators that leads to the Stratosphere Tower way. A short wait by the host station before getting seated. Courteous diner staff and service. The large size burger topped with mushrooms and large cut french fries and root beer float filled me up. All-American '50s fare of burgers, fries, root beer floats, milk shakes, smoothies, spaghetti, fried or rotisserie chicken, fish fry, onion rings, sliders, chili cheese potato, sandwiches, and dinner fares. I sometimes order the Blackened Salmon Filet or a Rib-eye Steak. A DJ spins '50s music with rock and roll music (that time of gyrating Elvis Presley) to perk up dining experience with singing waitresses and waiters encouraging everyone to join in the entertainment along the aisles between tables. Rock and roll and sing with the songs. Fun for all ages! An added grand time is when I looked up to the ceiling from where I was dining and saw my reflection!...seen binging (ohahaha). And yes, I couldn't stop myself from singing along while consuming. A nostalgic dining time!
2	Good because its serves food 24/7, but food is just meh.  Fries were 4 bucks and tasteless.  Entertainment is kinda cool, but the singing is loud and can get annoying. Ok, if there's nothing else open.
2	This place is conveniently located in the Stratosphere. Cheesy atmosphere and singing waiters and waitresses with decent voices, not the place to go if you're easily cheesed out. Food was only decent, IHOP quality, which isn't great quality. I got the California omelette, which was mostly good, except the cheese was pathetically thrown on top, barely melted. The hash browns were fairly crunchy, and the toast was the typical crappy bread soggy with cold butter they give you in breakfast joints.I tasted my friend's french toast which had real blueberries, and it was pretty good.
2	It's not bad, but there is nothing that stands out, either. Breakfast was fine, but expensive. Service was fine. It's okay if you are staying in the hotel, but 100% NOT worth a special trip.
3	The Good:  If you are staying at the Stratoshpere then you will eat here.  I went for breakfast and had the peanut butter waffles with a banana foster topping and huge scoop of whip cream.  It was effin' good a bit on the sweet side so I didn't finish the whole thing.  There wasn't much peanut butter taste, so they could kick that up a bit.The Bad:  The service!!!  It was sooooo slow.  It took about 20 minutes to order and like another 30 minutes to get the food.  I want my food so I can get back to the tables.  Time is money....well the more time I eat the more money I save, but you know what I mean.The Ben:  The assistant manager was awesome.  She took my to go order and comped the bill when it went over the original comp.  It's okay, I would go back here instead of going to the buffet.
1	I had the misfortune of eating at this place last weekend when I was in Las Vegas for vacation.  I had eaten at the Stratosphere's breakfast buffet twice this trip and wanted to give this place a try.  I wish I just had the buffet again.The service was slow, the waitress was rude, the food was bad, and the prices were ridiculous (even for Vegas.)  I had the Cinnamon Roll Waffles which sound amazing, but they were dry and flavorless.  The manager came over to ask how our dining experience was and, because I'm polite, said it was fine.  She then went on about how great the waffles I ordered were and how they were her favorite.Overall, walk an extra 100 ft. and eat at Plate, the buffet.  It's not the best I've ever had, but it was cheaper than this place and the food was considerably better.
3	I had a burger and fries here with a milkshake. Their burger has this unique sauce that I did not care for. The fries was just the run-of-the-mill. However the milkshake blew me away! It's one of the few milkshakes that have stuck with me in my mind. I loved the 50s ambiance; I just was not too crazy about the singing waitresses. Go figure. The staff service were so slow that when me and my sister went back for another milkshake, they took so long that we had to leave or we would miss our flight (but we almost risked our flight for this milkshake--that's love!!) And the slots nearby were atrocious. lol
3	Came in for the chili cheese potato bomb I read about in Seven magazine, it was alright. I liked the fact that it was somewhat crisp on the outside and stuffed with chili inside. Watch out for the jalapeno, very spicy! The service was ok, got a table in a reasonable amount of time as well as drinks. The rotunda burger was disappointing. Definitely more girth than taste. The burger was dried out, the cheese melted on it more by accident, like somebody dropped it on the asphalt, scooped up the asphalt underneath it, and stuck it between two enormous buns. If you're in the stratosphere, this is an alright move, but you could do better if you're sober enough to stumble out of there.
3	This reminds me of SF's Maxy's restaurants where the waiters/esses sing and prance around while doing so. I admit it's a sight to see when the person who just brought you your food grabs a mike and starts singing, but it's nice, and they actually sing quite nice! The food is all american and quite pricey, average in size and flavor; not BAD but not great...  but hey ~ it's a show that comes with the eats!!! The decor was all 50s along with the clothing worn by the manager and all employees... there's also a large screen that was airing Grease, and all in one place! Inside the Stratosphere casino area to the side. You can't miss it. Free self-parking in the casino's garage. You CAN smell tobacco as people outside walk past within the casino.
2	Burgers are awesome! Food is great but I would never come back, I am a local in Vegas and this place is too expensive for a burger and fry's. The fry portion is not worth the price, I'm not kidding you get alittle bit of fry's. The environment is a 50s place pretty cool and good service very nice people. Ultimately Roxy's is not my first choice nor my 2nd, not even my 3rd.
5	It's sad but true - Roxy's Diner might be my favorite spot in all of Vegas, all in thanks to the warm and down to earth staff and simply stellar food. My friends and I came to this 24 hour diner everyday (sometimes twice) while in Vegas. We ate everything from their burgers to salads, to garlic fries and grilled cheese (omg to die for!), to yogurt parfaits (which are huge!), as well as several breakfast platters consisting of eggs any style, toast, CHEESE GRITS, etc.Everything was so delicious - and it's even better when you're starving after being out all night. They're very accommodating as well - extra toast? Not a problem. Jalepenos in our grilled cheese, with extra on the side? Sure. The waitresses remind me of the ladies who work at Waffle House down in the south, if you've ever eaten there. The theme of the diner is definitely 50s (think "Happy Days"). If you stop by late night, you might even be lucky enough to get serenaded by the manager of Roxy - they are such talented singers and performers, and makes for an entertaining meal. Overall, we had a ball and our trip to Vegas would not have been the same without Roxy!
1	No no no.... Service is sencond... But the food... Its beyond nasty only consumed 15% of the meal.. not just me but the whole table.. just nasty... Wouldn't come back even they treat us for free best thing on the table was my diet coke
1	Terrible food, terrible prices, terrible service. I'll never eat here again or order room service from the stratosphere hotel since this is the kitchen that supplies it.
5	Great food,decent prices,open 24 hours,ELVIS movies playing NON-STOP!
2	If you are looking for a new job that allows you to sing to every song that plays throughout the day, then this place is for you...also it's a "diner" theme...so dressing up is also required. However akward the staff is, they were very nice both times we came in here. The food on the other hand is meh all the way.Stick with the French Fries, skip the chili and cheese.they do have a hot dog there that is frickin huge! Beers around $5. Coke products. Open late.It'll Do for late night drunk munchies.
5	Why the low ratings?I personally love this place. If I'm feeling nostalgic and want to visit the hotel i used to LOVE staying in as a kid, i'll visit roxy's and have a quick bite.Been here numerous of times from 1997-present time. the food is good. they have a pretty big variety of foods to choose from...breakfast, sandwiches, burgers, appetizers, entrees, desserts, and drinks where you can add flavoring to it. i also get my vanilla coke here. mmmm yumm!!!I love how they have the whole 50's style ambiance in here. Very kitchy!
4	I like this place! We had a great time and the food was good. Not sure why some people bag on the food, it's a diner, not a fine dinning experiance. We were highly entertained by the staff, and they had some talent too LOL.My husband and I stumbled on this place on a valentines weekend trip to LV. I had already had the "steakhouse" experiance, and other fine dinning experiances on this particular trip, and was a lil worn out that particular night. We went in there, and were seated fairly quickly (even for a holiday weekend) I don't recall exactly what I ate, but I believe it was in the burger/fries/shake area, and I was totaly impressed. Good portions, and good food. Like I said, it's a diner in the stratospher in vegas, I didn't expect it to be the most amazing food on the planet, but it was great! What really got us was how fun it was, and the singing/dancing, and a very "on it" wait staff.Kinda reminded me of a cross between a Happy Days episode and Jonny Rockets! I sent my mom and grandmother to try it out on one of their trips down there too, and both had a blast, and loved the old music they grew up with. Plus also agreed, food was pleasant, and good portions. This was deff good for kids (however I didn't have any at that time) and good for an older crowed who grew up w/ soda fountain type diners like that too. Just alot of fun, something different.
5	This is the best breakfast for the money that I have had in Vegas.After reading about the singing wait staff, my wife and I wanted to check this place out just for kicks. When a couple friends wanted to go to the top of the Stratosphere tower, it was a perfect opportunity to eat at Roxy's.It is in the casino just inside the south tower entrance? which isn't far from a nearby Deuce stop. We went on a wednesday morning around 10:30 am and there were only a handful of other tables taken. We were seated right away and given menus and brought fresh coffee. I noticed right away that the place was clean and the decor was pretty cool with shiny chrome and neon much like a diner from the 50s.I ordered texas style french toast with a side of sausage, my wife had an omelet with spinach, feta, and provolone, with 2 glasses of OJ. Our 2 guests each had a BLT with  fries and 2 sodas.Everything was served fairly quick and the food was very good. My french toast was thick and filling, the sausage was hot and tasty. My wife's omelet was big and covered in spinach and cheese. The BLTs that were ordered were both too big to eat they had to take them apart.We all agreed this was a good meal. When we received the check we were surprised to see the total was just over 40 dollars for the 4 of us. That is less than what we paid for breakfast for 2 in another place that wasn't nearly as good as this. Just goes to show you don't have to spend a fortune in Vegas to get a good meal. I am so tired of hearing people justify spending way too much money on average food or drink by saying "well, it is Vegas". This was good food for not alot of money, so there!We did not have a singing waitress but she was very nice. We will have to come back another time, perhaps for dinner and maybe we will get treated to a song.
1	Got into vegas around 8pm, had a couple drinks and explored with the family for a few hours when we got hungry so Roxy's was our pick since we love diner food. Big Mistake.The food was nasty and the service was worse. Stay away.
4	Disclaimer: I was fairly intoxicated while dining here so my opinion may be skewered, however, I remember my food tasting amazing! Our waiter was funny and very patient with my group of friends. I'm sure he deals with our type of crowd often...it was 3am and we're in Vegas...he should get a medal! My friends ordered the grilled cheese...OMG, that was delicious. Had 4 different cheeses and the portions were huge. Good choice! My friend and I shared a bacon burger and turkey burger with cranberry mayonnaise...sounds weird but it worked great. I really loved the food. The kettle chips were perfectly crunchy and the fries tasted fresh. I would go back! :)
1	What a bad deal, stale fries under cooked onion rings and an absence of service.  There's even a charge for to go orders. Save your $20 go elsewhere.
5	My buddy and I had a blast at Roxy's Diner.  We thought it would be mediocre food with horrible singers, but exactly the opposite.  The food was really good and was brought out quickly.  Our server was friendly, funny, and can belt out a good Elvis song while serving drinks :)  The only area for improvement is the wait time for a table.  However, it was worth it for me.
4	For a diner.... in a hotel... a hotel like the stratosphere... the fact that the food was edible was surprising enough, but that it actually tasted pretty good - score! Also, our waitresses (shift change mid meal) were both very pleasant and attentive.   The "buffalo" (not real buffalo, just hot) wings had a nice kick and were cooked well, though small. The four cheese grilled cheese was big and quite good.   When I requested hot sauce, they brought two options, and one was Cholula; I seldom get two options at restaurants in the east; even more rare is to be handed Cholula. For me, that's worth at least a fraction of a star.       I'd say the only drawback is that I applied this good experience to another hotel diner later in the week for a 5 am snack... big mistake. Weirdest (and worst) tasting "buffalo" sauce that I have ever encountered.
4	Thought this was just going to be another diner with the quality of Denny's food, but it was surprisingly not bad. I ordered the country fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy. It was pretty good, especially the bread roll. If you're staying at the Stratosphere and looking for an affordable place to eat, this is the place for you!
3	Following the CMYE: Yelp Night With Frankie Moreno, Diane and I left the Stratosphere Tower and headed as swiftly as we could to Roxy's to have a midnight dinner.  We were both starving--which was good, considering the size of Roxy's offerings.  I had never been here before, but liked it instantly.  As advertised, it indeed reflected the "50's with a Twist!"  And, the twist embraced really talented singing servers, some unusual sauces, and a dash of humor.  A strapping birthday boy had just turned 21 this night, and a female server, accompanied by patrons, serenaded him with the happy birthday song after he took a seat on the checkerboard floor in the center of the dining room.  Then she told him that as a present he could have a free glass of water!  And, the waitress just walked away. The singing of '50s hits was first rate--obviously a job requirement for all servers.  A new song was belted out about every 18 minutes.  And, there was even a lively duet.A requested Vanilla Coke was quickly produced, and was very good.  Skin-on fries were not very hot and were hard and not very tasty.  But my half-pound Roxy's Ground Chuck Burger with Mushrooms and Swiss Cheese was medium rare as ordered and excellent.  To my own surprise, probably due to having had nothing to eat for over 9 hours, I had no trouble at all polishing off the large burger, that also contained a tomato slice, pickles, and lots of crunchy Iceberg Lettuce, in one fairly quick sitting.  But my burger looked diminutive compared to the huge 2-pound Rotunda Burger that I saw an optimistic diner try to consume at a neighboring booth.  He failed at the effort, because I saw him leave soon afterward with a to-go box.  I also enjoyed a side of creamy Cole Slaw, and some Chipotle Aioli along with tomato ketchup and mild mustard to dress up my burger. Diane's Hot Fudge Milkshake was pretty good but much thinner and not on the same plane as the superb shakes that had graced my lips at Steak 'n Shake inside South Point.  On the other hand, my burger this night was far superior to the medium-well, thin twin-pattied Original Double Steakburger with Cheese I had quickly gulped down at Steak 'n Shake.  Although I really liked the restaurant's ambiance, and my singing server was proficient and ready to please, there were a couple of problems that we encountered.  Soon after I sat down I noticed that some hard gunk from a prior spilled milkshake was stuck to the edge of my table.  And, later on, the first plate brought to Diane also had a quite visible small piece of hard food on it until the plate was replaced at my request.  Silverware was brought to the table, but our server quickly snatched a knife back and replaced it before the utensils were handed to me.  I hope the uncleanliness problem gets resolved soon, because this is a cool '50s diner with good food.  And, I would like to revisit it in the near future.The cones of The Ultimate Tower that contained not very hot Chicken Bites, Chicken Wings, Fried Cheese, and Popcorn Shrimp had a base of Onion Rings at the bottom, which made it appear like there were more morsels of chicken and shrimp, and more hunks of cheese, than there really were.  And, the thin battered Onion Rings were really more like Onion Straws.Overall, our experience was positive, and at 1:30 a.m. my mate and I left Roxy's and headed for home, full and happy.    * * * 1/2 stars!
3	We came in to kill some time before the Frankie Moreno show.  We ordered a strawberry shortcake because we were not that hungry. While we were waiting I couldn't help but remember the times I used to come here when I was single and in my 20's. My cousins and I used to come here after partying. I noticed that they still have the oldies jamming in the background but I don't remember them having a DJ.  Another nice addition is that the waiters sing too.I heard one of the waitresses singing to a group behind me.  I didn't turn around because I was busy eating dessert. She sounded great and the shortcake was yummy. This is big enough to share.
3	The pro's: it's open late and has a pretty extensive diner menu. The atmosphere is lively and the people watching alone brings some entertainment value.The cons: The food isn't great. I was excited when reading about the black bean veggie burger topped with a portobello mushroom mozzarella; it sounded promising, but it wasn't great. That being said, it's a diner so it was silly of me to think that any of it would be fresh. I'll go back again, but with a clearer expectation of what I'm getting myself into.
3	WHAT AMAZING FOOD in this sticky filthy little 50'ss diner in the unfortunate location of the Stratosphere in Las Vegas. Singing waiters, FANTASTIC FOOD... vinyl, chrome, the whole she-bang.  The menu offers typical comfort food and diner fare - but what was brought out was gourmet !! and THAT's why three stars, not none.  I'd give the food alone 5, but to be fair you have to judge the whole experience and it was not so great. Bacon cheeseburger that I would have paid thriple the amount for... steak sliders that I can STILL taste... and a grilled chicken sandwich so tender and juicy - seems impossible that it was all so good.  They need a good cleaning... the chrome was nice and shiny, but the rest of the restaurtant has a sheen of grease.. the silverware was not really clean either. Probably deserves less stars, but hthe food was that awesome.
3	Looking for a little late night entertainment to go along with your post gambling/drinking meal? Roxy's is the place!At first glance this place just seems like another 50's themed dinner in the middle of a casino. But as you start eating... Once every hour the wait staff picks up a mic and starts singing! And I'm not just talking about karaoke, I'm talking about real deal entertainment. These people can sing! It's strange at first but once you hear these people sing it's pretty cool and just makes Vegas that much more crazy and fun. As far as the food goes it's pretty mediocre at best. And the Service isn't that good either. Understandable considering that the staff is there for their singing abilities and not stellar service. I especially love the hostess named RED, she has a great voice and puts on a good show. All in all, if you're in the stratosphere casino then this place is worth stopping by for a quick bite to eat just for the entertainment value along. Just another fun stop in Vegas.
3	We stopped in here for lunch one day to delay the eventual loss of all of our gambling money.  The host seated us right away and was very friendly.  They weren't very busy, probably not even half full.  After being seated we waited what seemed like forever for our waitress to come take our drink orders.  It was easily 15 minutes before she came by the table and by then we were ready to ut in our food order as well.  We both ordered burgers and cokes, and then we waited some more.  The waitress never stopped by to refil our drinks while we waited for our food and we actually had to ask the person who finally brought our food for refills.  Even though we waited for at least 20-30 minutes for two burgers to come out they were very very good once we did get them.  Over all four stars for the food, two stars for the wait time and service (you would think they would want it to be faster so that they can send you back out into the casino to lose more of your money).  Averages out to 3 stars.
2	We were killing some time before jumping off the stratosphere and decided to have lunch here. Our waiter seemed uninterested in our service. I had a hard time understanding him due to his thick foreign accent. My wife had a philly cheesesteak which she said was awful...and my omelette was very bland... the cheese wasn't even melted. The manager seemed nice asking us how things were, but definitely wont go back.
4	Really big portions, almost too big, they have great onion rings. Hamburgers are okey but nothing special. Lovely dessert cakes. The staff is fast, friendly and they sing and its open 24/7 and have cool 50s style.
5	It's true- Stratosphere hotel really does have the best food options on the strip. My fifth trip to Vegas, and we stayed at Stratosphere because we wanted to do rides. We were also wanted to eat healthy and on a budget so we could party more on the strip. Roxy's was a perfect option after we returned from a day-long grand canyon trip surviving on crappy tourbus food.I've eaten here twice, and their food is great! Their all-day breakfast menu works great and their omelettes are HUGE. I love the veggie options too- I don't have to load up on pancakes like at Denny's- I had the giant 'black bean burger' and it was YUM! loads of fries (calories don't count on that one!) and the patty was great too.The atmosphere is like a 50's diner, but in a good way. 24 hours is a great thing too. I'd eat here again.
5	I really love this place. The food is really good and they give u big portions and the desserts are to die for! I went here early early morning like 12AM with some friend and had a blast. The waiters are really nice too. The only thing i didnt like was this girl with red hair was "singing" live music like walking around and she could not sing AT ALL  and it was really annoying, but she stopped so i got over that REAL quickly
3	We kinda just fell into this place after walking in the heat and wandered into the Stratosphere.  Since I love old style diners, we said what the heck. So after waiting for a few minutes for service, Loryn appeared.  She was extremely nice and was always smiling.  I wanted something healthy so I ordered a Black Bean Burger with a side of cole slaw.  I was actually surprised at how tasty it was.  I was really hoping for a traditional veggie burger, but the Black Bean was the only other choice for me and it worked.  The portobello mushroom and pickles and cheese complimented the burger very well.  The cole slaw was not so good,though.  Way too much mayo. My wife ordered a bowl of clam chowder.  Tasted like it came from a can.Halfway through our meal a female employee started belting out "At Last" in karaoke.  She was amazing.  My wife and I were blown away by her voice.  I am only giving this 3 stars because, first, we were seated next to the casino entrance and about choked from the smoke.  We asked to be moved in and that was almost just as bad.  Plus, the cole slaw thing and clam chowder.  And the menu was limited, IMO. Service was good.  I think we shall return, but ask for a better table.
3	Food is really good, but no one sang when we went there this afternoon.  The sign said 2pm-2am is when the waitressess sing during their shift.  I was there 220pm-340pm and no one sang.Service was excellent and menu had a lot of diner options for a really good price, but I was hoping to hear some singing.
4	I really loved this place! I was a great option for breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  Lots of options to choose from on the menu to please everyone in your party. Great service and a friendly staff.  I had a classic breakfast with the eggs, pancake, sausage.  Someone in our party had the nachos and raved about them. All the other dishes that i seen on the tables around us look good too. During our meal our server started singing! It was quite the surprise! Really a fun atmosphere.
1	Incredibly slow. We sat at the diner waiting for like 10 minutes without being served. Seriously.. The other reviews are true about the staff looking at you and then turning around or not even caring that you exist. This was our last choice and the last time we will ever dine here.
1	Our server just wanted to sing and perform. I mean yes it's nice that severs walk around sing, but don't forget the main job is to bring us food!Waited forever for everything, even the check, our blonde waitress told us to pay at the cashier, so we stood up and walked to the front to look for cashier, but there was none! So what the heck! We went back to the table, asked the bus boy to take the check, he said he couldn't and we have to wait for our waitress, she was nowhere to be found. WE waited for 25 minutes and nobody came by to take our money, I never thought it was going to be that difficult to have people take money away from us IN VEGAS!We just walked away after half hour, money spent on few rounds of Blackjack, thanks after all.
4	Big fan of any place with singing service and enjoyed the fact that the food actually tasted nice too! If you are stuck on the island better known as The Stratosphere Hotel, Roxy's Diner is an excellent choice for a quick breakfast, a filling lunch or the best... a 3 AM snack. I had breakfast food and a sandwich and thoroughly enjoyed both meals. The portions sizes are huge and did I mention the singing service? Highly recommend for a quick meal inside the Stratosphere.
4	Place is interesting they sing and interact with the customers...but you may wait a tad bit longer for things . Worth it nice employees, good vibe. Got a laugh when they embarrassed the fiance...
1	I am very disappointed with this place.  Apparently Roxy's handles all of the room service for the Stratosphere.  My sister and I wanted to order a special package for my dad and his new bride, so we went to place an order in person at the restaurant.  For starters, apparently the wrong person took our order.  It was supposed to be a manager, and instead it was some cook who didn't write his name on the order.  He gave us the wrong package.  When my sister and I went a few days later to speak to a manager, she took a long time to find our order.  When she finally did, she stated that the order wasn't what we said it was.  However, I specifically remember telling the guy what we wanted.  Then the manager continued to blame us for our order being wrong.  I told her someone had to be held accountable for not placing the order correctly in the first place, meaning that a manager should've come out (I saw that they were there the day we went to place the order) and made sure it was correct with us before placing it in the first place.  After arguing with her for about 40 minutes, she said at best she could only give us 20% of the price back, which isn't much.  I understand that with customer service, there is only so much you can give back.  What really got us upset was the fact that she continued to blame us for their mistake and was very rude about it.  Very bad customer service.  Apparently the customer is always wrong at Roxy's.  I do not recommend using any of their dining facilities.
4	I am giving 4 stars, probably 1 more than they deserve. However, after the nightmare of nastiness at the IHOP a block away...Roxys was a welcomed retreat. We had breakfast here twice. Good food (a lot of it), very clean restaurant and the servers are very nice.
5	Me & my husband stayed here for 5days and ate at Roxy's twice. It was good both times!however the burger on the 2nd trip was the Bomb!!!!! & the singers Ike & jimmy were freaking amazing!should have cd's out.the manager Andrew was awesome! the food is a million times better than the buffet.
4	Came here after an evening of checking out the Stratosphere and noticed this place while trying to find my way out. Not too bad Roxy's Diner.. Not too bad at all... I would recommend this spot if you are looking for a quick bite to eat. I went with the Philly steak sandwich and fries and I walked away full and happy. The price wasn't too bad either and service was fast and friendly.
2	We ate here twice, once for dinner and once for breakfast. It's inexpensive compared to other places on the strip and in the Stratosphere, but the quality of food is variable. The food itself looks, feels and tastes processed, and in every case was under-seasoned (or maybe not seasoned at all).Service was really good and the retro decor cool, but the food quality lets it down.
4	We checked out Roxy's after a night of clubbing, late night drunk munchies. The manager was a complete asshole, but the rest of the staff is super nice and friendly. Not to mention they sing and have great voices. First time around we had the caprese sliders and chicken sliders- yummy. And the fries, I love the fries. Nothing fancy or special, just some damn good fries. Our next time going, my friend and I split the club wrap, which was huge. Very filling, perfect drunk food.
2	Had a decent Caesar salad w grilled steak but you could taste the lack of quality product.
1	Never. Over priced salt lick with an autistic staff.
2	This place used to be great, there was a DJ and great waiters and waitresses, but it seems to have gone down hill. The people there are rude and seemed more annoyed than happy to serve you. Definitely not going there again. Too bad though cause it used to be great.
4	tthis place was really cool. Our first time there we had a server named chacha. She was very nice and helpful. I had the pepper crusted Turkey Burger and it was delicious even if it came out of a box I thought it was very good. Kind of wish there was more than just a drizzle of the cranberry sauce stuff though. My friend had a salad with steak in it and she was satisfied as well. We went a second time before we left and we had Ike. He sang! His voice sounds really good and he seemed to enjoy his job a lot. Very nice people and good food.
4	Following a pleasant time with the cast of Pin Up and other Yelpers in the Level 107 Lounge after enjoying the show, and finding no food available there, Diane and I each had a sudden craving for a good dessert.  So we descended in the tower elevator to see what Roxy's on the casino level had available.  The dessert case in front featured various small cakes that appeared to be too large for just two people.  But, after perusing the menu, we saw that sundaes and other smaller possibilities were also available.  So, we presented ourselves for seating in one of the booths.Not long afterward, I saw that more substantial fare was also featured on the menu--besides half-pound burgers.  The hunger pangs became more incessant.  So, in addition to an Apple Cobbler ala mode to share, Diane ordered Popcorn Shrimp, and I a BLT with Fries.  Little did I know at the time that this would be the biggest BLT I had ever seen.  The massive sandwich was buoyed by lightly toasted Sourdough Bread that was smeared with a thin layer of mayonnaise as I had requested; contained crisp lettuce, fresh tomato slices, and very good just slightly crisp bacon.  It was accompanied by slightly malleable Skin-on Fries and a Kosher Dill Pickle spear.  All were very tasty.  Somehow, within I-1/2 hours I succeeded in polishing off the whole BLT, plus Diane's tender Onion Straws.Then came the baked Apple Cobbler with a very large scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream.  Unfortunately, because the dessert had real Raspberry Sauce trails streaked all across the top, and Diane is allergic to berries, we had to send this dessert back.  But our server immediately offered to bake and bring forth a new one, which he rather quickly did--after making a diner at another table happy through receipt of a free Apple Cobbler covered with Raspberry Sauce.  So, service was very good, and all ended well with a delicious large, warm, and doughy homemade Apple Cobbler adorned only with Vanilla Ice Cream.4-1/2 stars overall on this particular big moon night!
1	Roxy's is '50s themed all the way from the music, outfits to the decor complete with awful reflective walls and ceiling. Did any places in the '50s actually get built to this extreme or has this look become an over-exaggerated cartoon version of what we think the era to be? The open kitchen is a cross between a Fatburger and Johnny Rockets, the restaurant is a mix of everything you could ever think of. It is filled with almost all 4 person booths, along with a few loose tables for larger groups. Unfortunately (or fortunately?) I didn't get to witness any of their singing which supposedly happens here. Still it is definitely not quiet in here as the music drowns out pretty much any sort of conversation you may want to have. Their menu features pretty much any item you could possibly think of for breakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert at any time of day. Within this menu are many options for burgers, including the more recently hyped Claire Sinclair's Sin City Burger to commemorate her new burlesque show in the property, which is a half-pound burger with a fried egg, pepper jack cheese, mushrooms and caramelized onions.What came out initially looked decent, but turned out to be a mess. The huge, dry vacuum of a bun sucked any moisture and flavor from this burger the entire time. The large pre-formed and probably frozen patty had good char flavor upon first bite, but that char quickly turned to a bitter flavor and wasn't that great the rest of the way. It was cooked a little too much for medium rare, which was probably ok given the quality, and still managed to make a large mess on my plate and hands even though it came off as very dry throughout my meal. The fried onions were cold upon arrival, and not much better than the premade generic ones you get for your typical green bean casserole dish on thanksgiving. The 'caramelized' onions were your typical pan fried onions, not very caramelized but had ok flavor. The egg was non-existent, as were the mushrooms; I pulled one out to try on its own and it had decent flavor. The lettuce and tomato were decent, if maybe a little light compared to the mass amount of everything else. Overall this tasted like nothing but dry bun with a bit of onion flavor. Not really sure what all the local bloggers and press people were raving about, but maybe if I was staring at Claire while eating this I might like it more too?The fries were awful; almost approaching room temperature, and of your basic frozen variety complete with a stale oily flavor. And if the meal was barely tolerable, it took a solid 7 minutes of me staring at my empty plate with a crumpled napkin on top and empty glass of iced tea before anyone acknowledged me again to get my check. But I guess going anywhere in the lovely Stratosphere, let alone a crappy '50s diner, you're not coming for ambiance or excellent service despite what its visitors have to say online. And apparently you're not coming here for a decent burger either. My burger and iced tea came to a completely unreasonable $17.27 for what I got, and I couldn't recommend avoiding it any more. Now that the Top of the World restaurant took the burger off their menu, I'm not really sure what your burger options are within the property, but I'm not really sure what you're doing there anyway.
2	Had dinner here with friends and family on 7/27/13.I thought the service was good, but for the most part, I was not impressed with the quality or tase of the food.  I had a spicy "southwestern-style" burger ($12.99), and the majority of what I tasted was the THICK, doughy-Bun.  The meat was rubbery and bland, the condiments were soggy and tasteless.  Fries were ok (they were hot, so I assumed they were fresher that the rest of my plate).  In my opinion, a terrible burger for the whopping price of $12.99.Another member of our group ordered a Reuben sandwich - According to her, It was greasy, and she was ill for the rest of the night. The rest of the food that I saw seemed mediocre and rather plain, especially given the prices they were charging.Although the service was good, I would not go back.  I think you'd have a safer bet getting a subway sandwich or something from McD's.2/5 for food tase & quality.
1	Can't even believe I am giving it 1 star. Service was horrible at best. We received our food and it was cold. You could tell that the food was frozen and made hours prior and just thrown on a plate when ordered. While we were there 6 different waiters/waitresses walked by and nobody offered to refill our drinks. When our waiter finally came by to pick up our plates and I told him that my food was cold. He offered to remake my meal however everybody else was done and we were ready to leave. He then hands us our bill and charges us for the meal. While we were sitting there we could see the food prep area and we watched someone put a burger in the microwave prior to serving. Clearly my meal did not make it to the microwave step!When leaving we asked to speak with the manager. She came by and was very rude and argumentative. According to her chef the food was never cold. She also stated that she personally waited our table and ordered us extra drinks, which was a lie. Her next excuse for the horrible service was that she was dealing with one of the hotel towers being out of power. I finally got her to comp our meal and she said I would have the refund in a few days. She also refused to provide me a receipt. End up going to hotel management for this and other issues(different review) and got 1 night of our stay comp. Would not recommend to anybody!
1	My husband and I had just purchased show tickets, and attached to the ticket was a stub featuring Roxy's Diner. We thought that we should give it a shot because we were quite hungry. The busser told us that we would be served by someone and pointed at someone who wasn't even there. We waited for a long time for a server until finally we decided to leave because it was obvious that the employees were slacking. I would definitely not go back again.
1	Not good at all. Burger was a frozen patty for 13 dollars. My fiance asked for well done hashbrowns, they came out barely cooked and her sandwich was missing the cheese. Waitreas never asked how food was, just brough the bill the second we finished eating. She also never refilled our drinks. Overall a poor experience. U would get a better value for the same quality of food at the McDonalds upstairs.
4	3 Stars for the Food~4 Stars for the Service~~Honestly, having walked by this place for years and never giving them a try, I decided to on this trip mainly because I didn't feel like leaving the property for the night. On the one hand, I was always turned off by the North Korean style karaoke going on by the waitresses (oddly enough they never sing the good 50's songs). On the other hand I was always tempted by the plastic looking desserts at the entrance. I did not know they were real but asked about them because they are not on the menu. The ultimate grilled cheese was great,  though they should have mixed the cheeses rather than keeping them separated. Its also kinda bland, but still fantastic. The carrot cake did not taste like carrot cake, but I will give something else a try next time around for the sweet tooth.Service was Outstanding! Everyone seemed genuinely nice and enjoyed their jobs, even the cooks in the back singing along.
2	Recently ate breakfast here on a Saturday morning in mid Oct '13.Wait : 5 mins for 2 patrons at 11:00am. : 4 starsDining room : 50's era diner decor. clean and in good repair : 4 starsMenu choices:  plenty of options, and menu was easy to read : 4 starsFood : my party ordered :veggie omelet - 3 stars, pancakes - 1 star, (undercooked, raw on the inside)scrambled eggs - 3 stars, bacon - 3 stars, hash brown potatoes - 2 stars (undercooked)Value : above average prices for quality of food, average prices for quantity of foodSummary :Meal was forgetable. Nothing extra ordinary. Sub-par for a main-line casino on the Vegas strip. I would likely not dine here again as there are many, many other choices for breakfast in Vegas, both as part of casinos as well as private establishments.
4	We were staying at the Stratosphere and were looking for a breakfast place to eat. We ate at the Roxy and were surprised at how good the food was. I had the pancakes with raspberry and white chocolate which was awesome. The price is also decent.
5	We stayed in the Stratosphere for my 23rd birthday while we were traveling to Las Vegas and we stopped in at Roxy's twice during our stay. The first was for my birthday dinner - the food was really good, but the service was better. I'm not an attention person, but our waiter came over and sang happy birthday to me and his voice made me melt! Even my boyfriend said he voice was beautiful. He sang and within minutes came back out to bring us our dinner. We both had cheese burgers that were covered in all kinds of fun toppings. I also got a free sundae with cookies and hot fudge we shared for my birthday dessert. The day we left we stopped back for a very early breakfast, and I'm so glad we did, it was easily my favorite meal while in Vegas. I had the white chocolate raspberry pancakes...I am still craving them. Three large buttermilk pancakes with loads of raspberries in them, topped with even more fresh raspberries, white chocolate shavings and a delicious dollop of white chocolate mouse. I finished the entire stack and was sick because I ate so much, but they were easily the best pancakes I've ever had. My boyfriend got bacon and sausage links with the doughnut tower which was 4 or 6 donuts with different dipping chocolates. We will definitely be coming back our next trip to Vegas!
5	Biggest damn burger you can get with buns the size of frisbees. I only had this item on take out but the place looks like a great time and the atmosphere was jolly and loud. In the area go check em out.
3	Quite mediocre, the server gave me the bill while I was still eating and never enquired if I might have wanted anything else. Forgettable.
5	Love this place. Always eat here when in Vegas. The grilled cheese is awesome. The waiters sing and put on a show for you as you eat. Very affordable and the staff is super nice.
3	This review is looong overdue. I had the pleasure -I use this term loosely- to visit Roxy's Diner during my Stratosphere Hotel stay during mid-March 2013. My cousin and I went to the Casino floor to hit up Starbucks then venture over to a food place for some midnight munchies. Gosh it sucks to be 18y.o and in LV; so many restrictions. Anywho, we arrived at Roxy's around 11:30pm and the hostess came and sat us by the kitchen. Our waitress didn't come to our table for ten minutes. It wasn't even half-max capacity in all of the diner. More like fifteen people who were already served.The waitress finally comes with the gnarliest attitude known to man and takes our orders. We get two cheeseburgers and onion rings to split. Let's fast forward THIRTY MINUTES later: my cousin and I are sitting there at the kitchen counter waiting for our food. I had Goshly patience that night because my cousin was about to blow a casket. Appartently the sh*tface waitress never put our order in!!!! What the f......? The chef who had seen us sitting there like two big barneys on his way to and from his break saved the night. He politely re-took our order, gave us a fifteen minute wait time, then proceeded to hook us up Thank You Bob. Our burgers and onion rings were superb and The Chef gave us an order of shrimp with french fries *on the house*. All the food was delicious (we ate in our room).Whats hilarious is the fact the waitress finally came back with a check in her hand and plopped it down on the counter. Succubus. But I digress. I tipped The Chef for all his kindness and this little experience didn't deter my Roxy's adventures that happened the next day *wink, wink*. We'll leave that one for next time.What you can take away from this overdue review: be patient, very patient. You'll never know who will come save the day. Also, screw that waitress.
4	My wife had the El Jeffe burrito and said it was delicious. I had the big breakfast and it was very good as well.
4	We had tickets to the Pinup show this weekend, and stopped in Roxy's for a bite to eat before the show.  I had the pork cordon bleu sandwich, which was above par but nothing to write home about.  My dining companion had the grilled cheese with turkey, and it was phenomenal.  Easily large enough to feed 2 people, garlic butter bread, and really cheesy.   As good as the food was, the service is the reason to go back.  Of the 5 employees we interacted with, all 5 were smiling, seemed happy to be there, and went above and beyond to make sure that their guests were pleased with the meal.  I give massive props to the management for hiring good people and training good customer service.  I'll be back...but next time I think we'll be splitting the grilled cheese.
4	I've been to Roxy's twice this month and so far the service has been consistently ok. I ordered the burger during both visits and thought it was consistent too. The service is great during both visits but much like most Vegas restaurants you feel a bit rushed.
4	I ask Hoss for an Ice Cream Sundae and he brings me the pint of ice cream. This thing is HUGE! I love it! (Yes, it's delicious).He's a wonderful server and super nice!
3	Awesome side salad! Good fries. I got a chicken sandwich with avocado and chibata bread. It was okay, could of had more flavor.   The mile high sandwich is a good choice!Would rate a 2.5 out of 5. They do have large portions so what out.
5	Great service here. Staff is all very nice. Someone checked in on us while we were eating. They are very on top of everything. They give sooooo much food. You can definetly share! And the food was so yummy. Great variety on the menu as well! So glad they had this while we stayed at stratosphere
5	food was awesome stuff was fun and friendly ...gonna make sure to visit this place again
3	Typisches amerikanisches Burger-Lokal im Stil der 60-er. Das Essen war ok, aber nichts besonderes. Burger habe ich schon woanders bessere gegessen. Die Bedienung war gut und die Preise gehen auch in Ordnung.
1	This place was terrible. They took 15 minutes to seat 6 people in a near empty restaurant.Another 15 minutes rolled by before they even took our drink order. 15 more minutes to actually get drinks. I asked one of the waitresses to get our waitress and she essentially ran into the kitchen to hide. I camped out at the kitchen so I could ask about the holdup as it was now over 30 minutes for food.The food finally came out. Some of the food was good, some was ok and some was mediocre. I had the patty melt which was flavourless and disappointing. My wife had the clam chowder which had almost no clams. We didn't see our waitress again until I tried to hunt her down.A number of items were recorded incorrectly for who ordered them which made splitting the bill very difficult.If you think our service was bad, during our ordeal another table of 6 was seated behind us and they left after waiting more than 15 minutes for wait staff that never came around to even take their drink orders. They were followed by another group of 6 who got their drinks quickly but then were never spoken to again. They paid their drink bill and left, shaking their heads.Don't bother wasting your time here.
5	I love roxys diner, hubby took me here tonight,  they have amazing customer service, and food was great, ohhhhh and I have to add the music....I loveeeeeeddd it, couldn't stop dancing in my seat!
5	This place has towering burgers to imitate the stratosphere hotel which this diner is situated inside of! I had the Veggie burger, hubby had a real burger and both were piled high with yummy fixings! The atmosphere is old fashioned diner which is something I love!
4	Yum! Love the atmosphere the food was awesome we came back a 2nd time while staying at the hotel! Fun flash back in times prices were afforDable ;)
2	Came here a couple of times. The third time it was terrible. Food was average and our service was worse than a drive through. Or waitress got our order wrong. Burgers and cottage cheese and we received our foo and there was fries no cottage cheese. Before we could even say anything the waitress dropped our food and left. We asked for a manager and she was worse than the waitress. If u dislike ur job then find something ur goo at or happy at. See ya Roxy's!!!!
2	Philly Cheese Steak gave me heart burn bad!Rather not go here again!
2	Service in my case was prompt, food on the other hand EH!A friend and I had lunch here, she had the so called Philly Cheesesteak umm no white American cheese which is what goes on a true traditional philly, not that Gawd awful cheese whiz crap, and it was served on a Cibatta Bun! WTF! It tasted ok with Provelone but far from traditional!She ordered O Rings which were onion straws, WTF, they tasted ok but huh?My Seafood Chowder was a JOKE, frozen reheated crap! Nasty! My salad looked like it was made 4 days ago! The Blue Cheese Dressing was the only saving grace!Color me Unimpressed!
3	Went on an early Sunday evening. Ordered a mixed appetizer plate with nachos, wings and cheese sticks. Then ordered a BLT to split. The cheese sticks were good and the fries. The others were ok, but nothing to rave about.  The toast on my BLT was burnt, which ruined the sandwich flavor. Portions were a decent size. Would I return....Might go back on a drunk night since it's nearby and open 24/7, but wouldn't run and tell all my friends about it.
2	if your in the casino and don't want to leave this is the place for you. other then that, there are better places.
4	Had a little trepidation about going here, since I find my fellow Yelpers to be fairly accurate and the reviews, especially for the service, were not great. However, we were here for a slot tourney anyway and it was the easiest option.The first time, it was a little busy so the service was somewhat slow but not terrible; had pretty good burgers, giant crispy onion rings, and the Anaconda was in heaven with the handmade hot fudge shake. So, I was already ok with it, but on the way out we saw the dessert case with individual cakes displayed and got a chocolate for him and a cheesecake with white chocolate curls on it for me. We were pretty full but each took a bite when we got back to the room. Turned out to be a restless night, with each of us popping up in paranoia when we heard (or thought we heard) the other one stirring, convinced our cake was under attack. When I actually did catch the Anaconda in the act, we  just got up and ate them. Those things were GREAT, and so rich and sweet that either of them would have been plenty to share, but we didn't!This time I went with Babygirl, and she was not impressed with the busy atmosphere or the open-to-the-casino-traffic floor plan, but we were seated immediately by a smiling host and our waitress, Alex, was pleasant and quick. BG ordered water to drink and immediately made a face, pronouncing it the most chlorinated she'd ever had. Personally, I've never objected to that flavor- always reminded me of swimming pools and childhood summers, but she is spoiled by overpriced bottled varieties so she traded it in for the $5 mimosa, which was served not in a champagne flute but a good sized tumbler - quite a bargain and they let her take it with her.She had a chicken melt (10.99) which had grilled herbed breast meat and avocado on a giant ciabatta roll. It looked great and she loved it. Very impressive since she was in a mood that day. My BLT (8.99) was also good- served on lightly toasted sourdough, which gave it a just-right texture: held up to the chewy bacon and wet tomatoes and mayo, but wasn't hard enough to shatter or shred the inside of your mouth, which sadly is often the case. Fries were hot, crispy and tasty.Of course, I was still hungry (meaning, "not stuffed") since she refused to give me any bites of her chicken, so I ordered the bread pudding (5.99), which was dense and hot, and came with a scoop of ice cream, a glop of whipped cream, caramel syrup, and a scattering of crunchy pecans. It also came with an extra spoon, which Babygirl used with a vengeance, not even seeing the ironic glances I cast at her to-go box.On neither occasion did I see or hear a server burst into song. Guess we timed our visits just right!
5	I have no idea why some Yelpers are giving Roxy's such low ratings. My experience was divine. In fact I ate here several times during my stay in Vegas.My first visit was while awaiting check-in, around 3 pm. I hadn't eaten yet so I opted for breakfast. Something savory. I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak which I had trepidations about. Simply because it's not something I usually order in fact I hadn't had it in years. If the steak is overdone this meal is shot to hell. So usually I don't chance. I wanted creamed beef they didn't have that so this was the next best option.So glad I ordered it! It was served piping hot with eggs and homefries. The steak was so tender and the gravy very tasty. The hashbrowns of course were bland but for me they are everywhere I go. A little salt and combined with my perfectly done over easys they were heavenly.I'm a girl who loves pancakes so I had to try them as well. They luckily had a silver dollar size. Ordered those too. They were delish and quite a bit bigger than silver dollar. I also ordered a biscuit because I thought it would be good for the gravy. But the biscuit was tasty with butter and jelly I never even bothered to sop it in the gravy.I pigged out and ate the whole delicious meal! My waiter who was very friendly even offered me a free drink. I opted for coffee. I needed it.I went back again after clubbing but honestly I was so drunk it was a fog. Apparently I ordered the coconut french toast which I didn't even bother to eat and instead got a doggy back. I woke up and found in my hotel room. Naturally it was cold. Not even sure why I ordered it. Oh that's right I was drunk. It was their only french toast option I had seen it on the menu earlier and figured I wouldn't like the coconut. I didn't.Another late night visit I ordered a dessert to go. In this instance they did take a while to take my order. But I was on vacation and in no particular rush.You'll see some delicious looking cakes in my photos. Sadly I tried none of those but I will be sure to on my next visit.Some people said the place wasn't clean. Each time I went it was spotless. I never experienced any singing waiters. I doubt I would mind if I had. Another good point, this place is also very budget friendly. Nothing seemed overpriced as is typical in Vegas.http://www.meonlybetterfitness.com
3	Don't let the photos fool you...it's got a cool theme, but this diner is a wee bit dirty, as is everything in the Stratosphere. It was also excruciatingly LOUD in there. I got a headache from the music and some fool singing on the other side of the room. I found the entire building a bit scary, to be honest. But I promised my daughter she could do the rides on the top, so I sat below and ate at Roxy's to kill time while she rode.Service was really bad, but I was killing time, so I didn't complain. It took a long time to get someone to take my order and then I never saw her again after I got my meal and the only coffee I was offered.Having said that, the Huevos Ranchero I got were really good.If you have to be at the Stratosphere and you want diner food and you are not in a hurry, go for it.
5	Great food and excellent service. Our waiter was extremely nice and attentive and all employees seemed happy. Our food came out quickly and was great. I got a buffalo burger and it was wonderful. Absolutely no complaints.
4	I actually kind of like this place. THIS reminds me of a real diner and even adds a little extra with a singing server who is actually really good. I hope he doesn't hate that I call him out because he's probably going to get a request to sing every time. Sorry dude, lol, but you are good. I like that. The rustle and bustle of a fast paced diner with a coffee bar to sit at and the feel of a cheap old fashioned diner. It's reminiscent of Quentin tarentino's jack rabbit slims but I'd like if they even did it more and actually had servers dress up like 50's celebrities. I like the old movies on the screen. I've seen Marlon Brando in the wild one, Elvis jail house rock, and various other cool old movies. Food is OK but for low price, I don't mind. I EXPECT it to be just OK here.
4	Great little breakfast spot in the Stratosphere. Good service and good food. I had the caprese benedict that had fresh tomato, mozzarella and a pesto hollendaise that was amazing. Comes with hash browns and strawberries. Just yummy.Hubby has a breakfast that included eggs, bacon, sausage, ham, hashbrowns and toast.. .a carnivores delight. He said his was good as well.  I'll go back.
1	I ordered the spicy tuna sandwich and there was a tiny clump of tuna in the middle and it was doused in cheese. The bread was grilled and had so much butter it was soggy. The hot fudge shake was good and I also liked their fries. The service is suuuuuper slow and the food is overpriced.
2	I wish I would have read the reviews before dining here. The truth is they deserve at least two stars for the wonderful food. There is no doubt about it those cheese fries, onion rings and nachos were yummy and really hit the spot. However, if I had to rate the service it would be zero stars. We had to wait to be sat for almost twenty minutes and when we walked into the restaurant there were two servers and only nine guests. Why did we wait outside so long? We waited another 17 minutes and our server never came to our table! I went and found the manager and told him that we've been waiting for way too long and we have no utensils and no server to take our order. The manager was really sweet and took our order at that moment and had the busboy bring us utensils. We ate half of our meal before the waiter (Francisco according to our receipt) finally came by and placed down the onion rings. He did not introduce himself, we asked if he was our server and he rudely said yes and then left. The only other time we saw him was when he dropped off our check with attitude.Prepare yourself for a long wait, terrible service but good food.
1	My review is for the service only. Walked in, sat immediately, and waited 10 minutes before I got up to ask someone for coffee. The waitress told me she was "too busy, and she would be there when she had a minute." Apparently she didn't want our money, or our tip.
1	To start with, there is always a line and a wait to get in, even if half the restaurant is empty. You'd think this may be to take the time to clean tables, but unfortunately it isn't. I think they do it to make it look popular to people passing by. Back to the cleanliness, or lack thereof - under the table was so dirty that we were accidental kicking debris on each other when simply shifting our feet around. So disgusting! At least they wiped the table and seats down just before we were seated, because hey, what's better than sitting on wet vinyl seats. By the way, there were still crumbs on the seat. The burgers consist of previously frozen patties that aren't very good and pretty decent veggies. Not really what you're looking for when you are dropping this much money on a burger. Just save some money and go up one floor to Mickey Ds. Their other food isn't a great value either. For example, $8 will get you 5 alright onion rings. Stay away from the shakes, unless you aren't picky. Service was very slow. Ambiance was kind of cool 50s diner, only with a very loud sound system. We felt like we were in a glorified karaoke bar with the waitresses making announcements and singing at odd times. There is no reason to visit this place. You have the golden arches one floor up or IHOP just down the street. Either will be cheaper and have same quality food.
3	Let's be real ... It's Vegas and on the strip nothing is cheap in hotels. But even though this place is way overpriced I really loved my burger and fries! It's actually the best burger I've have had in a long time. It was the Claire Sinclair's Sin City Burger. A half-pound burger with a fried egg, pepper jack cheese, mushrooms and caramelized onions, served with chipotle aioli. My mouth is watering now that I'm thinking about it.  The diner was not crowded when we went, we actually got seated right when we walked up but this was late night on a Monday :) they had a guy sing live twice while we were there which was nice entertainment while you eat or wait for your food! 3 stars because it's way overpriced for what it is and umm my spoon had water spots or something on it and my friends water had something floating in it! She sent it back but were still alive I guess that's all that matters!P.S don't get the prime rib hash. It was all gristle my hubby hated it!
2	The service in this place was amazing but the food on the other hand was horrible. I ordered eggs benedict and my husband ordered a burger. The food tasted and smelled like it had been microwaved. It was the most horrible food I have tasted in a restaurant. The only good thing was the service and the shakes were amazing. Just go for the shakes not the food.
1	Would give 0 if i could- wait staff was good but first night in vegas we went there - we both got burgers , mine was a pineapple something & I got food poisoning. Miserable start to the vac- your luck might be better but I won't be trying mine there again.
1	Gross!!! We had some fried portobello mushrooms that were pretty good, but everything else was nasty. The patty melt tasted like chemicals and left an eerie sweet chemical taste in your mouth. The breakfast burrito had ZERO seasoning and the items inside the burrito were total mush and couldn't quite tell what the ingredients were. Not even close to good.
1	This restaurant is the worst I've ever been. The hotel screed up my room and now this diner. Service is the worst and food is not far. The hotel deserve to be at the last hotel of the strip.
1	We stayed at the stratosphere and saw an ad in the elevator. The food was mediocre at best. A horrible value for the quality of food served. When the food came out it looked nothing like the picture, lets just say thank god for photoshop because the food did not do the pictures justice.
4	Food is OK, service is pretty good. Come during the evening/dinner time b/c that's where the free entertainment is. The servers put on a show, sing some 50s/60s music and it's great.
3	Roxy's diner uses the theme of the 50s for its restaurant. From the menu that looks like an old newsletter containing more than 100 items to the seatings, this place is definitely playing the old vibe. Since this restaurant opens 24 hours a day and seven days a week, you can come here anytime! If you come for togo, let them know right at the entrance so they can sit you in a different area. Location (3/5): This restaurant locates inside the Stratosphere, far from the strip but convenient for hotel guests. It locates closed by McCall's Heartland Grill and Fellini's Ristorante, so high competition around.Service (4/5): Our waitress, Bebe, was very friendly and nice! She usually came to ask how we were doing. Although the restaurant was packed, I thanked her for the effort! Also, they have "performers" singing every 30 minutes or so. When we were there, the performer was the host singing Stupid Cupid... She was not the most energetic person in the whole wide world, but the lady can definitely sing I tell ya!!! *clap clap*Food (3/5): I like my chicken noodle soup and brownie sundae. For sick days, I would always come to order chicken noodle soup togo to my hotel. For some reasons, it hit the spot for me! The Tijuana caesar salad was ok, a little heavy on the dressing and nothing to write home about. The trio sampler plate was ok as well. Overall, good services and okay food :)
