4	Stopped here one night which it happen to be Happy hour from Midnight to 0300, bonus. Deceit small bar with electronic darts, video games and a juke box to change the music. They have a good selection of drinks as well as their own brews. There are two separate rooms, one being the bar and the other is the dining room. Haven't tried the food but the nachos were good. I like any bar that has a music juke box so i can change the crappy music to something like Disturb or Static-X. I guess this rate is for the bar since i was only interested in drinking.
3	Nice local bar with a great happy hour. Happy hour starts at Midnight and offers $99 cent domestic draft beers with half off appetizers. I had the three tacos and they were awesome.i would only suggest this if you want to drink at midnight and you are in the southwest then this is a great place
3	Citycoups had a coupon for the place and we were in the area so we decided to hit up happy hour and get the $10 match play for video poker there.  Pretty similar to most other decent sports bars around and you certainly can't beat 99 cent mugs of the house brew.  DIdn't have any of the food but it looked pretty decent from what we saw other customers eat.You can find the coupon here: http://citycoups.com/rounders.html
1	Well went back to this place since I like the juke box and apparently they favor certain gamblers over anyone else.  Put some money in the juke box and selected a wide variety of music. I was drinking and my wife was  gambling so we spent a good amount of money this night. Well apparently the bar tenders have their favorite customers so every time this one guy didn't like my music , which if it wasn't from the 70s, he would make the bartender skip my paid for songs. Now I like 70s music but not the whole night. The bartender did say she would comp our bill but when she started skipping all my music I was pissed especially when that guy started talking crap. Called the manager the next day to file a complaint, he told me that they had problems of bartenders favoring certain customers and she should of written the songs down, let it play and delete the song later. The manager said he would remove the juke box since it was causing him too many problems. I never went back since that night due to that issue never really being resolved. I was really pissed at the way the bartender handled the situation and I will probably punch out that guy for talking shit about military. There are better places like Hooters where I can spend my money and not worry about being mistreated.
4	Good bar with great happy hour specials. Dollar beers an half off apps. Fast friendly service. The Ruben is your typical bar sandwich but still pretty good. All of the sandwiches are decent sized.  Average prices are between 7 and 10 dollars.
4	Good bar with a nice atmosphere, friendly servers, and great happy hour specials. Their "happy hour" is currently 2-7pm and midnight-3am. During that time, they have beer and martini specials, as well as a half price food menu. Everything I've had there has been very good. I'd say their food is a notch above your typical bar food. The kicker for me is that this place is only a couple minutes drive from my house.
4	Seared Ahi Tuna Crisp was the best. Very comfortable place to eat and hangout.  The  waitresses are very friendly.  :o)
4	I have been to Rounders a few times now and I feel the need to update my review for one reason and one reason only - their Pulled Pork Sandwich. If you are hungry and anywhere near Buffalo and Blue Diamond, you MUST make it a point to head to Rounders and try this sandwich. It's not a happy hour item, so stop in any time! It's only $7.99 with fries. Simply put, it's one of the most amazing pulled pork sandwiches I've ever had. I think a big reason is because of the pretzel bun on which it's served. It really makes the sandwich.Overall, I think Rounders serves some of the best bar food in town. In fact, I think their food is good compared to non-bar restaurants. I'm proud to call it my local bar.
3	Rounders is conveniently located for residents of Mountain's Edge. This is a great place to come and pick up a few inexpensive happy hour draft beers and a good meal. Food is fresh and properly portioned for the price. I've had both of their "Asian Inspired" salads and was impressed that a corner bar had such great salads. We come here every once in a while for a quick bite and a hectic work day liquid therapy.
5	First time here.  Close to my house.  Really friendly service.  Very fast also.  Would definitely come back.  Especially for happy hour.
4	My local bar in the Mountains Edge area. Rounders, well, is well rounded for any type of person looking for night life entertainment in the area. Games - Games are located at the bar and range in denomination. Waitresses - Always friend, some hot, and are quick to get you new drinks and eats. Pulled Pork Sandwich - I suggest it. TV & Sports - Packed on Monday for football and deals are always going. I always ask the bartender if there are any deals going on and it never fails to lower my bill. I think they have $1 beers during the games also. I don't remember. All-in-all, I highly recommend checking out Rounders if you are in the area and wanting to hang out with some friends.
5	We get take out from here.  Huge well-done wings, great big juicy burgers (try it with a pretzel bun) done a perfect medium-rare or whatever temperature you want instead of your usual over-cooked hockey puck, and healthy portions.  You can tell they cook fresh ground meat that hasn't been frozen.  Never been disappointed here.  I usually get the chili verde and a bunch of other stuff but am usually too full after the chili verde to eat anything else.  By far the best fries all over town.  They stay crispy even after we get them home.  Love this place.
5	Great place. Friendly employees and great food. Try the shrimp tempura. It's the best I've ever had!
4	$1.50 beers during happy hour (liquor is a bit pricey though)- or during any football game. Good deal.  Bartenders are nice and the place is clean. Could stand to have better ventilation...come home smelling like a cigarette after going there. They do have a non-smoking dining area with bar service and tvs for watching the games. The food is great and reasonably priced. Half price apps during happy hour.  Video poker if you feel like gambling. Also has a few nice (p)leather chairs with coffee tables in the middle if you dont feel like sitting at the bar.  I'd go there more often, but they do not have a pool table and told me that they wont be getting one because it would eat into their seating too much. Overall a good neighborhood bar where you see the same faces every time and the bartenders remember your name.
4	Came here randomly after a day of driving around and visiting a few different spots.  Was just in time for happy hour and it was a good time with some cheap drinks.  this place is pretty non descript, but good.
4	Another local bar and grill we've tried in the Vegas area.  The portions are huge!!!  My husband and I went here for dinner.  I had the steak dinner and he had the pork chimichanga.  We ordered some buffalo wings for appetizers, but you can probably go without an appetizer because of the big portions.  We'll definitely go back again and maybe try them out for breakfast.
4	A cozy bar in the Mountain's Edge area.  I've only eaten breakfast there, but it was solid.  GREAT breakfast potatoes.  It's a nice sports bar with lots of TVs, video poker (as all the bars have), nice staff and good happy hour specials.The location is really what does it for me, but that's all I need. :)
4	One of the better neighborhood bars in Vegas. The happy hour prices are insane and the food is always great. The ahi tuna crisis are my favorite. Go during Monday night football and you're almost guaranteed to win a prize at the half time drawing. Service is great everywhere in the place. It always has people there so its a social atmosphere, but never crowded to the point of being unpleasant. Great bar.
4	The cloest bar/tavern to the house.Gf and I hit it every other week.  The scene - the bar is busy every time we go in there ( primarily weekdays tuesday or wednesday )  the bartenders are great - attentive service, good attitute, easy on the eyes.  Beer selection is average but works for me.  The TV's are conveniently located.gaming is hit/miss - our problem is we seem to have a knack of either sitting by the chain smoker or the CS sits down right after us and of course, frickin murphy's law  ...the smoke gravitates to our nostrils !the food - ok / inconsistent.  Bar food with a few specials thrown in.  The go-to can't lose - the kettle chips - perfect ! Overall, a decent place to hit when you want to get away from the grind.
4	Bar is great, clean and fun. I love the staff. My boyfriend and I go to Rounders often, its our local bar and every time we go it is always a good time. We love to go there because the bartenders are great people and we enjoy watching sports but most of all the food is great. They have a great menu and their lettuce wraps, BBQ flat bread pizza, Kettle Chips and burgers are great. They have great happy hours with deals on appetizers, martini's and draft beer. They have a martini list that is delicious, they are all so good, orange creamcicle, cherry cheesecake, raspberry lime, key-lime and espresso coffee is my favorite. Over all best bartenders, martinis, draft beer deals and happy hour, added bonus great food. Highly recommend stopping in for a great chat with the staff, happy hour or dinner you wont be disappointed.
3	Sunday football head quarters. If I want to see my best friend during football season, this is where to find her. Cheap happy hour and cheap food specials. Decent neighborhood bar, way better than T-Birds or The Lodge, in my opinion.
4	Living in Moutain's Edge, this is our go to bar for that local feel and personalized service. We have only been a few times now but I am addicted to the Tuna Crisps and if you go on monday when there is a game going on, you can get half price appetizers. I believe you can also get them from 3-7pm happy hour as well (still doing my research on that as I have to find out when I can get the crisps at the best price so I can have more than one order :-)) Additionally Cory usually serves us at the bar and he remembers our drinks each time. The drinks are also reasonably priced during these times as well.If you play the games at the bar (and in some instances you have to to sit there) bet 4 at a time and the bar will keep you from getting parched.It definitely gets crowded on the nights there are games on and if you dont sit at the bar it could take a minute to get a waitress over to take your order, but a trick we use is that we go to the bar and order our drinks and take them over to where we want to sit (big cushy chairs by the telly) and Cory usually asks if we want food. Problem solved :-)
4	Great local pub if you live in or near Mountain's Edge.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  They have a traditional bar for adult nights out and a separate dining room if you're feeding the kiddies.  Reasonable prices and good food, you can count on Rounders for good times, people and eats.
4	Lobster Quesadillas are to die for! 2pm - 7pm happy hour 50% off apps and drinks! So dank!
4	I stopped in here only one time with my graveyard bartender buddy from Hooters to see Juan, one of the graveyard bartenders at Rounders (who kicks ass by the way). From my first impression this is a very nice place! A lot newer than most other local bars with gaming. And one of the few places in the Mountains Edge area. When I lived in Mountains Edge I couldn't wait for this place to open but moved too soon!If you live in Mountains Edge this is a "must go" destination for you. If you live nearby in the SW it's worth the short trip to check this place out.
4	I would def. come back here. It had good drink specials, good mix of tourists and locals, burgers were decent, service was fast and prompt, with loads of TVs to watch any game you could want!
5	Came here with a girlfriend for happy hour since I seem to be spending a lot of time on this side of town.She comes here often and knows everyone who works here so we had amazing service. I am on a quest to try dirty martinis every where I go so I of course had  a few here and they were pretty friggen good.But the highlight was the lobster quesadilla..it was filled with chunks of lobster and was very large. Perfect for two to share.I cant wait to get back there and enjoy happy hour again..it was a bargain! My new favorite place in town for sure.
4	I've lived in Mountain's Edge for 2 1/2 years and had not tried this place until now.  I went there for an early supper.  Since I didn't want a drink I went straight to the dining area.  There were no other customers in there and no wait staff in sight, so I thought "well I'll be sitting here fore a while before somebody actually notices me."  I was wrong.  Amanda, my very excellent and pretty waitress, came right out an asked me for my drink order right away.  Pretty good menu for a bar and grill.  I had the chili in a sourdough bread bowl.  Good chili.  The sourdough was awesome.  I also checked out the bar area.  It was clean and everybody in there seemed to be having a great time.  Bar is separated from the dining area as one sees in many of the taverns built after 2006.  I'll be back.
4	Oh Rounders, how I miss you!  I lived within a mile of the place when I lived in Vegas.  It quickly turned into the hang out spot for my friends and I.  In a city with so many bars and places to eat it's hard to find the good ones.  This place is one of the good ones, for bar food that it.  It's definitely a locals place, as it a good 5 miles off the strip.  Their happy hours tend to never end, I think if live sports are on it's considered happy hour.  Regardless the servers will take care of you if you're not a douche.  Try the lobster quesadilla then try the tri trip quesadilla, you won't be able to decide which is better.  Great locals bar, great bar food, great service and awesome happy hour!
3	This place is great for that late night bar food craving. The Happy Hour here is not too shabby either. Friendly bartenders and this place seems to be popping even on off hours. Then again there is a limited selection bear Mountains Edge.I enjoy the martinis here and they make my absolute dirty martini just the way I like it. I've so far tried most of the breakfast menu. I'm always a fan on breakfast for dinner. The chicken wings are pretty average for bar food. They offer sweet potato fries! So that's a plus in my book. You'll probably see me here when it's late, I don't want to cook, and i don't want to drive far. That's pretty often.
1	Be careful!! Price might not be as advertised!!!!   We stopped by for martini specials. They have a huge sign $5 martinis, $2 draft beers. Service was good. Food was good as well. Drinks ok. We ordered from the martinis special list and two draft beers. As we were ready to pay and check was not as we thought it was going to be. Martinis $7.50 and $5.00 beers, WTF??? I asked the bartender why are martinis $7.50, he says because "specialty" martinis are not included on the special. But, they were made with 3 olives, which was the happy hour vodka special.  WHY DIDN'T HE TELL ME THAT BEFORE? I am not cheap, but i hate when businesses try to take advantage of people. I guess my 40% tip on food wasn't good enough!!! Anyway, I tried to get answers and no one was willing to help. Too bad but i'm not coming back at all...
3	Happy hour 4-7pm. $2 Coors Light and PBR, $3 well drinks, $5 Three Olives Martinis, and a list of half off appetizers. A few friends and I stopped in for a quick drink before we went to a BBQ. Although we did not get anything to eat, it did not stop me from looking. Lobster quesadillas and stuffed potato skins, wings, sliders, and so much more were available to be devoured in a drunken haze. With plenty of comfortable leather chairs, stools around the bar, and tables off to the side, it was not hard to find a place to sit. Within minutes a waitress came around to take our drink orders. With the price, no one is going to go broke while getting happy.    17 different flavors of vodka will ensure a martini to satisfy.
3	Just like many of the other bars that serve food out here. the dining area is separate though and wasnt very crowded so it was pretty quiet. my sister had a wrap with sweet potato fries, i had a penne dish with spinach, chicken, and some other things.  but i really just ate the pasta and picked at everything else. best parts of the meal were the sweet potato fries and the garlic bread that came with my pasta. my pasta was good though, and reheated well as lunch the next day. it was a way bigger serving than i had expected.
4	While visiting a local barber shop (Yelp review for that place later), I discovered that a bit of eavesdropping is still helpful these days when you want to know where the locals eat. The vicarious recommendation led us to this watering hole, where the food was apparently delicious. I thank whomever that young Las Vegan was because he was right and Rounders absolutely did not disappoint.We started with the lobster quesadillas and wings...one word--YUM!! For the entrees we ordered the pulled pork sandwich and it was seriously the best one I've ever had! Also had the Asian chicken salad, which was OK, but then again, who orders salad at a bar? Won't make that mistake again when I come back. We were the only ones sitting in the dining area (since everyone else is at the bar), but it was a welcomed silence considering we had just driven into town that morning and just needed some good food with no distractions.So glad to have found an excellent place to chow down without making the tiring trip down the Strip. Bottom line: damn good food, great service, decent drinks, lots of parking, and you still have money left for the slots.
2	had a burger from here on a pretzel bun.... it tasted like an over cooked hockey puck... the fries here tasted like deep fried potatoes.... they kept playing "red solo cup" on the juke box, it was funny the first 30 seconds into it, but the 4 time i heard it i felt like cramming a a red hot steak knife into my ear drum.  I probably should have.
5	This was the first place in Vegas that I ate at on my own when I moved out here in 2011.  It became my regular place for dinner and weekend drinks; as my comfort level with the city grew I expanded my regular locations and now only hit this spot once every few months. Each time I return I kick myself for having been gone so long; I really have to give two reviews for this place; the first is for the restaurant; great food; great portions. I love their walleye plate; great fresh fish and flavor; the sauce they serve with it is great; the side dishes and vegetables compliment the flavors elegantly; it's almost like they knew what they were doing  the service can be a little slow to notice you at first but once they realize you are there they are friendly; prompted and always willing to answer questions. Oh and you will absolutely love the Lobster Quesadilla. I can't come here without ordering one.  I've mentioned before in my reviews that I love hot wings; these guys have by far the hottest wings I've ever had and I've done the triple nuclear at BWW and a few other crazy hot local restaurants where I had to sign a waiver promising not to sue. Not sure how they get away without a wavier but if you are bold enough I recommend you give them a try. On the bar side of things; you can still order from the full menu but have to deal with the smokiness of the bar; I like showing up for their many themed parties (Redneck New Years was a blast!) they are always running some type of special even if it's not "happy hour" I really think they have happy hour 3-4 times a day here. The regulars from Mountain Edge/Gate are very nice and easy to talk to and get along with and every time I visit here I leave with a smile on my face;
4	I love the breakfast here, perfect cure for a major hangover! Service is always awesome no matter how busy it gets, and the staff really goes out of their way to make you feel welcome. The only complaint is their beer taps. I have gone there many times as its very close to my home and no matter the time of month, day, or type of beer, it always has a weird taste to it as if their lines had never been cleaned, or the beer is super old. As they rotate beers often, I would imagine dirty lines is the problem.
4	This is a great neighborhood bar! They have an extensive beer list which was great. I opted for the Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat beer. I've been to the Lost coast brewery and loved their beers, and once again I wasn't disappointed. A pint (bottle) for 7.75 is a pretty good deal. Our bartender was very friendly and attentive, our waitress was the same. I ordered the Tuscany chicken sandwich and my husband got the KC burger. (as a smoker I was happy to be able to eat and smoke and drink in one place- sorry non smokers) The food was excellent! The burger thick and juicy, the chicken sandwich very flavorful. WE have definitely found our new local hangout!
4	Great local pub.  Friendly staff, who generously comp while you play.  The patrons are also very warm and welcoming.  I will be back, possibly to try the food.
5	Drove by this place for over 3 years and always wanted to stop. Finally did and what a great place. Had the rueben sandwhich and their handmade chips. Beer specials and staff was over the top!! A new favorite place close to Mountains Edge!
4	Rounders is a bar that serves food and drinks 24/7. It was one of those places that I'd always passed but never thought of going into.  I don't know why I ever thought I wouldn't like this place but I am definitely a fan of Rounders.  Actually a non-yelper convinced me to go cause their wings are suppose to be great.  So why not I had to try them.My first time there I order 6 wings while everyone else order 12.   I thought about the 6 wings not being enough but when they came out I was satisfied with the size.  They are pretty meaty wings in comparison to those wing places, not double the size but definitely larger.  You can sauce them like other wing places too, BBQ, mild, hot, etc.  If your looking for a food challenging they have their Atomic wing challenge I don't remember the rules or details but if you're successful you get your picture on the wall.  I asked the hot female bartender there about how hot the wings were.  I think she said stupid hot then put a jacket on.  It's probably the way I asked and what I was doing, I don't even know but she covered up. Usually I'm cool with hot I've don't some insanely hot wings before, back in the day.  When I tasted their firecracker wings, which isn't their hottest, it was nice and delicious tasting but it had a spicy after taste which was making me sweat, I wasn't expecting much heat but it had some. Maybe I won't do the challenge and just ask for 1 wing dipped in their hottest sauce and see if I can do that first.The K.C. Burger is another item I tried it was a monster of a burger and very tasty. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rounders-las-vegas-2?select=kvMiLVGbvDHK2ugy6dQbvQ#20dvj-huFQxX6dOWmpCGSQ It was a juicy 1/2 lbs burger perfectly cooked with bacon, tasty BBQ sauce, cheese, and onion ring The bun was pretty cool.  It was about $10 with onion rings substitute over fries. I would eat it again.They have these fried shrimps and jalapenos sides with their dipping sauce another delicious offering.  Really enjoyed the dipping sauce and shrimps. I like the rest of the menu, would mine trying more.They have an sweet happy hour at least its still running when I get off at 1:30 am.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rounders-las-vegas-2?select=kvMiLVGbvDHK2ugy6dQbvQ#5_z0YjXBCJCo7e05B3W94g  The HH is from 2 pm- 7 pm and 12 am - 3 am and includes 50% off apps, $2 drafts, $3 wells, $4 wine, and $5 you name it martinis.  They have an awesome selection of beer.So why did it take me so long to try Rounders!? Probably because there aren't a lot of yelpers living in the area or a lot of yelpers reviewing them, they are good. Great friendly service, atmosphere, and interior. I'll be here on a weekly basis.
2	The food is decent with their half-off specials, but the bar staff seems lazy and apathetic. You have to constantly wave them down to get service. Perhaps they don't like men who come in alone. I'd be better off sitting in the restaurant section so I could at least be waited on, but I prefer to sit at the bar when I'm solo.I honestly got better conversation from the server than the bar staff. They also won't add food to your bar tab! You have to pay 2 separate bills in this place if you order food at the bar! What a hassle.Not a lot of people under 45 hang out here so forget about hooking up with anybody decent. Just a bunch of frumpy baby boomers. It kinda reminds me of Tommy Rockers near the strip.This shit hole needs a good face lift and hopefully a better clientele will follow.
5	I love there tune salad I think about it while I'm working, driving, sleeping lol. So good and my friend wins on keno every time were there. I love it.
5	I ate at Rounders the other day for the first time and was super impressed!!The bar and gaming area is perfect and comfortable, with great TV's for sports. They even have a separate dining room that is smoke free! The food and service was awesome!Special thanks to Larissa our waitress!  Friendly, knowledgeable, and fun, she took great care of us and made our dining experience really special!  She made the perfect recommendations, and everything was served quickly and correctly....thanks again for helping make our evening so enjoyable!If you haven't been here yet, try it! The food is great, and the service is top notch!
5	Great bar by my sons and daughter in laws..video poker and love the trivia game machine..good service and food..the fish tacos were great with a happy hour price of 50% off. Enjoy coming over here..watch a game or grab something to eat
5	Great, friendly staff and everything on the menu rocks. Only disappointment was the flat iron steak... Eat here at least once a week and alway excellent! Super cheap happy hour menu with great variety.
4	Just had an amazing steak dinner here with my wife. Service was great. I love the fact that there are TVs in dinning room but its separate from the bar and smoke free!!!Wife liked her BBQ pulled pork. We are definitely coming back!
1	It was obvious that unless you were a regular of the bartenders that the service from them would suck.  We sat at the bar to have some food and drinks and no more than five words were spoke to us by either bartender.  No hello, goodbye or thank you, just a" what can i get you." If your just looking for a cold beer and decent food than the spot is good.  We ended up having a food server, Corey, help us at the bar and his service is the only reason this place gets any stars.  If you are a manager or owner reading this we were there on Mon 17th between 6 and 7 p.m.  I sure you can find out who the bartenders were and maybe think about some customer service training.
1	"Adios"I came here for the last time today. A shame really, since it's only a mile from my house. I've had ongoing bad service from one particular bartender who always seems to be there when I come in. Just when I think I have her shift schedule down pat so as to avoid her it changes.Today she messed up my margarita order and still insisted on charging me even though it was totally wrong. I didn't even drink a fourth of it. A time prior she called me a "degenerate gambler" after seeing me put money into a video poker machine for the first time ever in this place. I criticized her for something(can't remember what) and she told me I was overly sensitive. Then she mentioned to me later that her mother was sick and I gave her a blank stare and said: "Do you see me being sensitive now?"Sheesh.I used to come here two or three times a week since it's close and often ate here as well. On average, I would say I dropped over 300 bucks a month here. Apparently, that wasn't enough for politeness from her.Anyway, I'm not going to keep relearning her schedule. It's easier to just not go back.So a little while ago I left the last money I'll ever spend there in the hands of the barmaid who forced me to find another hangout. No matter, I thought. There are plenty of other places around.And out the door I went.
3	I only stopped in for a quick beer with some friends.  The service was decent. I heard they have great food, I"ll have to come back and try it sometime.
4	After a girls night in we decided we needed a little girls night OUT time. We hit the bar and started gaming and drinking. Our bartender was VERY nice... we didn't win ANY money that night and she comp'd us some food for our loss! We ordered the BBQ Chicken Flat bread. VERY cheesey. Like VERY. It was good though! Nice neighborhood bar with a friendly staff!!
5	This place is great, we have been here about 20 times.  The happy hours specials are fantastic. The breakfast is great as well.  We have always had outstanding service, which is also very important.  We have played Keno here, and we never win....that is the only bummer!
5	I love this bar. Like others have said, I'm proud to call it my local bar.  Their chile verde is almost the best I've ever had. I love the bartenders, they are always chatty and full of conversation. The drinks I've had are always good, I'm not much of a beer drinker so they are generally mixed drinks. The service between the bartenders and the servers is always good. The crowd is generally decent, I mainly stop by for a quick drink after work during happy hour. Today was my first football Sunday at Rounders and it was definitely fun with good times and a fun crowd no matter what team you might be rooting for. If you are in Mountains Edge or the SW, this is a good spot to call "home".
5	VERY customer oriented!!! porter and laura are great!!! make sure to wear gloves if you try the hotwings!
5	Another great little place I come to kick back.  Great bartenders...Porter, Maria, Laura.  Awesome service and great atmosphere.  Haven't tried the food yet but I hear it's pretty good.  They have my favorite beer and it's cold cold, so I'm good with that.
5	This is my favorite bar to go to!!! Right by Mountains Edge, very easy to get in and out of. We always go during happy hour, which is amazing. During any football game they run the happy hour specials too. I recommend the quesadillas and tacos. Always amazing service from the waitresses and bartenders, love Porter! Go Broncos!
4	Good happy hour especially games. Quick to get a drink and didnt have to call him back for a second, making there rounds on a half way busy sunday. Food is bar food quality so not bad but not great.  All in all a good atmosphere and good service for a bar that lives off games and happy hour.
4	Rounders is another one of those bars in Vegas with better than the environment food and cheap drinks. They have a nice seating area around the bar with big comfy chairs which is a big plus.On the minus, the environment itself is a little mediocre at times. We literally had a catfight between two women bust out here where the bartenders and such did little to react and service can be a little slow at times. You can't really fault a business for the actions of the customers, but I think an attentive staff would have noticed these women were too drunk and screaming at each other for quite a while.As for the food in particular, I've had probably 8-10 different things here and most of them are tasty. For example, the lobster quesadilla has big chunks of "lobster," but it does taste like lobster at least. The steak quesadilla is really good, and my favorite might even be the chili cheese dog. One thing that didn't come out that well was the mini hot dogs. Scooter's version is 10x better. The sliders are average, but the wings are pretty good.Best of all though is that nearly half the time it seems like they have a happy hour going. All football games and like 2-7pm and 12-3am are happy hours, and all the food above costs around 4-5 dollars when it's half off. It's an absolute steal!
4	Just moved to mountains edge and I really enjoy this bar! Everyone was really nice. We have some BBQ and I thought it was delicious!
1	Always liked this place until now.  Ordered the Asian salad with chicken to go.  Got home and the chicken was bad...as in rotten, spoiled-it can make you sick, bad.  How could they not tell?  I could smell it as soon as I opened the container and you could see that the chicken had that slimy coating on it.  Yes, I know - disgusting.
1	Im not really sure how this place got 4 stars on yelp.  Anyway, I was convinced to take me and my girl out there and yes I will grant the service was friendly but the place smelled funny and the food tasted even funnier...almost as though it was cooked in contaminated water.  Bottom line:  I would rather take a look at the dollar menu at McDonald's than come here.  My food would have come faster, cheaper, and tasted better.  It makes Chili's look like the Ritz Carlton and I know I can have dinner for 2 for $20 there easily.  I know this sounds harsh but I do eat a lot around Vegas and don't want others to have this experience.
4	Great local bar right down the street from me. They have a great menu with a variety to choose from. The food is very good for your typical bar food. They also have a dining area separate from the bar. Good spot to watch the games.
3	I used to go for happer hour a lot.  They have great deals and the food is high quality compared to other happy hour bar food.  Staff was always nice.  Porter is a really nice and hospitable bartender.  Honestly my issue is specific to their happy hour.  It was one of the best in the area until they switched over to PBR as the special.  Sorry guys I can't follow you there.
4	Small place on blued diamond but it's really good. Great service. That matters to me most. The waitress was always checking on us and refilled out glasses before we asked. I hade some breakfast while everyone else just had lunch. My huevos ranchoes were good. Gotta stop by this place at night one of these days.
1	The lobster quesadilla was not very good. And the other stuff was not good either. Quite disappointed due to the fact it was a 4 star.
5	This is a great bar to just relax and drink a couple of beers. They have nice single person leather couches to sit on, and the servers are really great. That's one of the things that definitely stands out. They also have a decent selection of craft beers, although it took me like 20 times of coming here to even know this. I believe you have to ask them for the craft beer menu.As far as appetizers, I would stick with the trifecta sliders, the pork skins, and maybe the margarita pizza. I believe they have 50% off apps when games are playing, 4-7 and after midnight? I've been here a ton of times and for the most part the crowd is fine. I think only once have I seen the bartender have to kick out rowdy guests. People keep to themselves and I've never had a problem there. At the end of the day this is a locals bar, and it does well in that regard. It is a little hard to find though.
1	Graveyard Male Bartender is a Thief:  I was playing a video poker machine and left my money in it while I was sitting at a pub table chatting with my friend. They usually put a reserved sign on a machine when you step away from it but I was just a few feet away.   I could see the machine from where I was sitting w/ my friend. It was actually kind of slow and not busy at all.  The bar tenders did a shift change...the girl (long dark hair) leaving kissed the guy coming on to the next shift so I figured it was her boyfriend and that she told him what we were drinking and that we were playing that machine. (It was the low handicapped machine so it's not along the bar top with the rest of the machines) 10 minutes later a young guy walked up, quickly played a few hands, and hit "cash out" I jumped up and said "what are you doing, that's my money!?"  This is amateur hour and I knew exactly what was going on.  The bartender and patron thought someone left the money behind and they were going to split the cash.  I confronted the guy that hit the cash out button on my machine.  The great thing is when the idiot bartender ran over he said "Yup, it had $83.50 on it when he started and he played it down to $80." SInce when does a bartender know down to the cent what amount a machine had on it before and after a few hands of poker play?? He admitted his guilt right there.Long story short the patron felt bad and ended up telling me that he and the bartender were going to split it.  The patron had to cash it out and was going to give $40 to the bartender that's why he played it down to $80 even. I was beyond furious that the bartender thought this was a good idea.  I was sitting right there and he was to lazy and stupid to ask if either of us were playing that machine? They planned to take something that didn't belong to them and they got caught doing it.  The bartender sheepishly retreated when the some-what drunk guy told me that I was correct and they were indeed going to share the cash.  I can see a patron taking a cheap shot at some quick cash but didn't expect it from the bartender here. I was sitting right there the whole time.  You could have just asked if we were playing the machine and saved yourself the embarrassment.  I asked the guy " if you would have hit a Royal Flush...then what?" He said he would have given me one third...yeah right, it was all my money to begin with, loser!  I probably should have called the Gaming Control Board to tell them that a sneaky bartender tried to steal my money out of a machine.  He is supposed to be there for the patrons to sling some drinks and payout slot wins---not rob them!!$80 isn't the end of the world.  It's the principle behind the whole matter---I don't want my pocket picked by the staff.This left such a bad taste in my mouth I will never gamble, play darts, or hang out here ever again.  Dear Bartender, You work for tips.  Wait to get tipped and don't just help yourself to my money.
5	Have been here so many times as we live really close and it never disappoints. They have great happy hour specials, the wings and potato skins are great. They make their own mini corn dogs which rock. The staff is very friendly and the food always great. If you are in the mood for a burger I recommend the Fire House, great spice and a thick burger. My only regret is that it took me so long to review Rounders. Come here and you will leave happy and I promise you will be back!!
1	This place overcharged our card. We called and spoke to the manager who told us he would look into it and call us back. A week later no call back. We emailed them and did get a response, however, after several emails no response either. Won't be back.
1	Ok I LOVE rounders, do not get me wrong. I have been coming to the blue diamond location for about three years and have never had but amazing service. Well today I went for an early morning drink. And as usual I play music via their touch tunes. I always play a good mix rap, rock, country and of course some good ole Mexican music ie Selena and Elvis Crespo. Nothing crazy like I said a good mix of music and no one has ever complained. Well today I played a nice popular Selena song and about halfway in the owner Ed walks over to me (obviously the only Hispanic customer there) and asks me if I had picked this song. Awkward I go well yes I did why is there a problem. Ed tells me well I just wanted to make sure someone paid for this and it is not a random song, usually we skip music like this. As my jaw drops I ask why. Well Mr. Donald Sterling tells me well it's early in the morning and I don't want people to get uncomfortable  it's almost like playing hardcore rap music with a bunch of F bombs no one wants to hear that. Whoa whoa whoa it's an open juke box and if you don't want certain types of music played then block it. Simple as that. So I tell him to give me my money back and he can skip the song. Ed tells me no that's ok he will let me play my song this time. And I could already see who had complained as an older woman and her maybe mother or friend had a sour look on their face as they were staring at me. Well my response to all of that was hello you are at a bar before noon and there are no listed guidelines on what music to play. So I will take my money somewhere else where my brownness will not offend anyone. Sorry Ed you lost a really loyal customer over two older women and their fear of a little diversity.
2	Just ok!!! Something is missing from the menu (my opinion)....I wanted junk food and just got flat bread and fish and chips....and it was all just ok. Waitress didn't know wines by the glass and acted like I put her out to ask her what they were.....sorry....I drink wine!Kids had mini burgers and pasta....it was just ok. I have fish and chips and they were good...I have been here before and sat in the bar area and the bartenders were great and friendly.This isn't my favorite bar in the Mnt Edge area....sad because it is so close.
5	BEST place to eat and drink. The happy hour is awesome. The staff here is the best!!! I have ate almost everything here, and I can say I haven't ordered anything that wasn't delicious! Best food in town
1	Came in here with one of my girlfriends to catch up.  We both ordered drinks, I sat there and fed the machine atleast $160.  I had 2 drinks, my gf had 1.  As we were gettin ready to leave the monday day bartender gave me a bill for all 3 drinks. I get ONE drink for my friend but for ALL of them when I was playing?   Coming from a gaming bar myself I should have said something but didnt want to waste my time esp when it took her 15 minutes to get our first drink.  Who ever trains your bartenders, please teach them to keep track of your gamers so that they are comp'd accordingly.  Def wont be back to waste my $.  I'll go to the bar up the street where they take care of their gamers.
4	The food is great. The service is pretty good. The bartender at night is great. He is quick with checking in on people. I've been their once in the morning to watch a game and the morning one forgot my drink a couple of times. If I didn't already have a great experience at night I probably wouldn't have come back.
4	Came here after a bad experience at my wifes favorite place to eat and I believe we may have a replacement.  Friendly servers good food and bonus is the separate dining from the bar. Keep up the good service and food. We will be back. Sorry no pictures. We were too hungry we ate it all.
4	This is a great neighborhood restaurant/bar. The restaurant is segregated from the bar, so there's no smoking in it and the kids can dine there. The bar is vibrant, with a great bartending staff.
4	Love this place!!! Food is decent, Bloody Mary...amazing, very friendly people. Katie is my favorite bartender! And, great place to watch a sports game.
5	If you like craft beer this is the place to go. Always a phenomenal stock of beer and reasonable prices. Food is just amazing.  Havent had a bad dish yet.  Great happy hour and food specials 2pm-7pm. Girlie and Laura are always fantastic bartenders. Shyla are food server keeps us fed and knows her stuff. Wonderful atmosphere and fun place.
2	I go there for a quick meal while avoiding cigarette smoke.  There's a sign "please seat yourself".  I feel like adding "because we ain't here to seat you". The dining area is always ignored.   Even if they know you're there, after they take your order they play the disappearing act again only to be found hanging anywhere else but the dining area.  Menu changes around and have always been pretty good.  Service at the bar have always been above par.   Dining room service is way too slow.
4	Food was good, not great, but good enough for my family to enjoy a quick meal. the prices were good during happy hour, if it wasn't discounted, I may have been disappointed.   We loved the wings, and would come back for them.  Service was great, friendly waitress.I wish I could do 3.75 stars, but I'll give it a 4.
