5	Ok, so the paintings on the walls and ceiling are a bit hokey. but dang the food makes up for it. Went with three friends/colleagues during a dinner break and we had a blast. Our waiter was friendly and funny. We drank lots of wine and had a three course dinner. Dont remember what anyone else got since I had the special of ossobuco and could not see anything over my plate. It was HUGE! Think everyone at the restaurant was jealous of my heaping plate. Think that lasted for three more meals! Dont take me wrong, its not about quantity vs quality here (it aint no cheesecake factory thank god, yuck!) but they do not skimp on either. This place came recommended from our taxi driver and concierge.
5	We had our wedding dinner at La Torretta and it was a perfect evening.  They accommodated our 21 person group wonderfully and made adjustments for dietary (vegetarian) and cultural (Kosher) eating habits with grace and aplomb.  We were advised in the beginning that any change to an existing dish would be done if they could possibly manage it and they followed through with that promise.  Everything was delicious and they timed the courses according to when we were ready for them since everyone was socializing and taking their time.  We never felt rushed and never felt hungry or thirsty.  The wine selection was great and they gifted us with a complimentary bottle as we left.  We will certainly return and highly recommend it to everyone.
5	La Torretta is our family favorite for Italian food. Darius, the owner, does a terrific job of remembering everyone's favorites or customizing to your desires that day. Our kids love the gnocchi bolognese and we love all of the fish entrees. The smoked chicken pasta is fabulous and I have even taken it to parties to rave reviews. Everything is fresh and fabulous. If you like OssoBucco, this is the best in town! Laurie and Rodney and the Boys
4	The food and service were really good; even on a Saturday night there were no long waits to be seated.  In Scottsdale that's a privilege. We'd definitely go back again.
3	I am from San Francisco on business in North Scottsdale, and I saw this restaurant on Groupon. I was able to purchase the groupon for $40 worth of food and drink for $20 and was very excited about it! When I got there at 7:30 on a Tuesday night, the place was pretty dead. There were about 5 tables filled out of 25 or so. An older couple came in and knew everyone, so were obvious "regulars", and they seemed to love the place. I ordered the White Bean Soup and the Ribeye steak with Gorgonzola sauce. The White Bean Soup was piping hot and delicious. The little bit of shredded Parmesan that melted into my spoon made the soup delectable. A waiter notified me shortly after I ordered that the ribeye was not available as the meat guy hadn't come. He substituted the porterhouse at no extra charge with the same Gorgonzola sauce that would have been on the ribeye. The steak was okay. The sauce was good, but the Gorgonzola overpowered the flavor of the steak. The steak was a little thin (hence why I'd rather have a thicker Ribeye than a thinner porterhouse). The roasted potatoes that came with the dish were delicious and the vegetables were tasty. I took 2 stars off for ambiance, not having the ribeye, and just overall satisfaction with the meal. I feel that if I had the ribeye, this might have been a 4 star.
4	I've driven by this restaurant I don't know how many times, and never stopped.  Great atmosphere, impressive servings (my veal dish plate was HUGE) and the food was excellent. We will definitely go back again!  Thanks to Maria our server....she made us feel welcome and was the best! They didn't have the Osso Bucco when I went but I hear it's one of their signature dishes.  Yes, it's a bit pricey but if you have the money to lay down, I do suggest this laid back, calm atmosphere Italian gem in Scottsdale. Unlike so many Scottsdale restaurants on a Friday night, we were sat right away and weren't rushed to get through our meal and leave.  We'll be back!
5	Om nom nom....butternut squash ravioli!!! Yes please, I'll take 2! Not only is the pasta cooked to perfection but the tomato cream sauce is a perfect compliment to the sweetness of the ravioli filling. Darius (the sweet, charming, knowledgeable owner) made me feel like family during my time at La Torretta.  He even offered to pair wine with each course which made me feel like I was at a 5 star 5 diamond restaurant.  After spending 2 months in Italy and eating as much food as one person possibly could, I know good Italian food.  When I feel a pain in my gut for Spaghetti Bolognese, I now find comfort knowing La Torretta is right down the street waiting to give me my fix!
5	Yum, Yum, Yum!  Excellent authentic Italian food!  My hubby and I went out for a fantastic evening and decided to try this restaurant due to the reviews here and our restaurant.com gc!Impressive!  The service was excellent and the food was to DIE FOR!  My husband had the chicken and sausage Cacciatore and he loved the freshness of the sauce...not overly processed but tasty.  I had the Four Cheese Chicken.  All I can say is:  arrive hungry!  The chicken itself would have been a little over the top but the combination of all the cheese and the amazing taste of the flavorful chicken just worked.  The mushroom demi-glaze was perfect with it.Oh, and we had the fried Ravioli to start and it's much better than your run of the mill stuff others serve!  Again the Marinara makes it.We paid about $60 including tip with our GC and we will return again and again and again!
3	We've come here a few times and the food has been uniformly good.  The pasta, chicken and beef dishes are all prepared fresh and the wait staff is very helpful. They are many fine dining places in the north valley, but  La Torretta would be on our short list. Enjoy!
2	Food not that good overpriced. My Calmari was very tough must have been old. Sauce was goodSkimpy salad.  Service not that good. Will not go back, very dissapointing, and the place was empty.
4	We love Italian food done right!  Living in Scottsdale for the past five years, we hadn't found an Italian restaurant that we could call "home" until a friend recommended La Torretta . . . and now, I'm hooked!  From the moment you walk in the door, you are greeted with warm and friendly service, and it doesn't stop there.  The owners of La Torretta are on site, and everything oozes "mom and pop" and "son" . . . Compare that with the two opposing corners of busy Scottsdale Road and Frank Lloyd Wright which house two of the largest cookie-cutter chain Italian restaurants in the area.  La Torretta is hands down, head and shoulders above the rest!  The portions are hearty, but not overwhelmingly so, and they are more than willing to do things to your specifications or whim!  Big high fives for the butternut squash ravioli that melts in your mouth.  The clams oreganate (on the appetizer menu) is enough for a meal, especially when you have to lap up every drop off the sauce. One more thing that sets La Torretta in a different class is that the owners care about their clientele and they often give back to their community by offering special menus with proceeds benefitting local charities.  In such difficult economic times, it is such a rarity to find such generosity.Bravo to La Torretta!
3	Overall we liked this place. It was quiet, service was very good and food was good. My complaint is the pricing. Food as in the low $20's, which seems a bit high for the atmosphere and food. My major issue was the pricing on the wine. They served one of my favorite bottles, which typically goes for $50-$65, but this place was asking $85.   The pasta was fresh and very tender, and I very much enjoyed the ravioli. For 2 dinners, bottle of wine and desert, I feel like we could have done much better for $140.
2	This place was just eh. . .we ordered 2 meals and a dessert. One of the meals was pretty good, but the other meal wasn't so much. The dessert, creme brulee, was awful! Not the worst place I've eaten at, but I definitely won't be returning.
5	Went there with a homerun.com certificate.  Food and service were excellent.  The wait staff paid attention, but not too much.  The food was hot and very good.  Presentation was excellent.  If you want a relaxing night out this is a great place!
5	Great food and great staff. Great for a quick lunch, a relaxing drink, or a late night feast. I love the staffs ability to modify the menu to your desire/liking. Never a dull moment.
5	This is a great family owned restaurant. great wine selection particularly the new Pinot from jwrigley vineyards. You will not be disappointed.
1	One of the worst restaurants in all of Phoenix. Last week went there with 2 other couples. First it took nearly 30 minutes to prepare a drink for the ladies (a simple Cosmo martini). The food was just marginally OK. The room was very hot and we had to request the manager to turn the A/C on. We are in Phoenix in summer, for crying out loud!Then, we asked for expresso coffee and the machine is broken.Finally, we asked for the bill and took them nearly 30 minutes to bring a check.All this time there were no more that 5 tables with patrons. So their excuse: "Sorry, we've been to busy" does not cut it!
5	This is a very good Italian restaurant and the service is fabulous! I first came here when my mom was dying of cancer, and I would come here to take a break from the hospital. The staff was very sympathatic to my pain, and really helped me through a tough time!  I've been back several times since, and I continue to get a warm fuzzy feeling whenever I return! The food is wonderful! The veal picatta and the lobster ravioli are awesome!  The service can be a bit slow at times, but the good more than makes up for it! Oh yeah, the warm bread with the garlic pesto is wonderful!
4	The lobster and butternut raviolis are very good.  Also the pistachio ice cream encrusted with pistachio nuts.  They sometimes have a prix fixe dinner with good value, otherwise it is somewhat pricey, but very good
5	My gentleman friend and I are here last night and it was wonderful.  I had the veal picatta with garlic over angel pasta.  Delicious! My date was thoroughly impressed with the food and service.  This is a great place for a date!!
5	One of THE BEST ITALIAN RESTAURANTS IN THE Phoenix Having been to some of the good  Italian restaurants in US, like Boston north end ( Giacomo,s Saraceno,s) NYC MarioBatalibabbo, Napa, botegga, I feel I have a good point of reference... This restaurant is above average as is the service !  The Pasta Carbonara ROCKS!!
3	My first impression of this place was that it looked like a restaurant that in its heyday was considered a Scottsdale gem, but has failed to change with the times and has turned into a perfect candidate for Food Network's Restaurant: Impossible. The man who seated us asked if we had a reservation - noticing there were only 2 tables taken I wanted to chuckle but realized he was dead serious. The place was rather small, which made the ruckus from the people sat at the bar a little annoying. My boyfriend and I went for dinner on a Sunday night, so I thought it might be busier than it was. All I want to know is why there are so many boobs in this place - painted on the wall, framed on the wall, on the dinner menu, and on the dessert menu. Don't get me wrong, I can appreciate real art that depicts a naked body. But the giant mural on the wall seemed to me like a cheap attempt at Italian culture & authenticity. Our waiter was very friendly and had a very extensive knowledge of the menu. We both found it off-putting however that the waiter informed us their special was stuffed veal because they didn't sell all of it the day before. If that's the case, fine, but don't tell your customers that. My boyfriend had the pasta carbonara and I had the filet mignon. While not a bad steak, I have had much much better for much much cheaper elsewhere & my vegetables were not cooked enough. My boyfriend enjoyed his pasta just fine, although the described pancetta was minuscule, which was a disappointment to him. The women's bathroom was fairly standard. The only negative I noted was the amount of plastic framed advertisements that lined the sinks. This doesn't bother me personally, but I would think this was rather tacky for a relatively expensive Scottsdale restaurant. The entire staff was extremely friendly and willing to help us with anything we wanted. They also boxed our leftovers for us, rather than giving us the boxes to do it ourselves, which I always take notice of and, while a small gesture, really enjoy.All in all, this is not a restaurant either my boyfriend or I would venture back to. If we are going to spend this kind of money, we expect a certain experience (because it is incredibly rare we spend this much on dinner!) and La Torretta Ristorante fell short of that experience.
2	Went here last night for our first night in Scottsdale for our anniversary. We like to go to places that you can tell are not chains. This was definitely a special place. Very kitschy and a little dated but has personality. We found out our waiter was also part owner (father/son partnership). He was a delight. Loved his sense of humor. One of our favorite parts of this restaurant.  He recommended a few great meal options. We started with the calamari sauteed with tomato and garlic. The sauce was so tasty but very spicy. Our mouths were burning but we kept digging in soaking up our bread in the great fresh flavors. My husband got the spaghetti bolignese and I got the ravioli trio (lobster, butternut squash and cheese) with three different sauces. I though the butternut ravioli would have been best with the sage butter and the lobster with the cream. Although didnt taste a "lobster" and the sage butter had a slightly strange taste. Both meals were good. We have our favorite Italian we are comparing it to so it only got a three as the flavors were tasty but not something we'd crave to have again. We maybe given it 4 stars also if each dish wasn't $21. We felt it was a bit pricy.
4	The location of this Italian restaurant is interesting being directly across the street from Maggianos. You can sit at the intersection and see both in view. Which do you choose? Well don't t"judge a book by its cover" and check this place out :)The food: The entrees = delicious!  I had a four cheese chicken (the name doesnt give much justice) It's basically a [giant] chicken breast stuffed with 4 different cheeses, with an out-of-this-world mushroom demi-glaze sauce. So good (and I dont even like mushrooms)! My bf ordered the veal marsala, also very delicious, claiming it is one of the best hes had. Service: The staff is great! Very attentive, comedic and extremely knowledgeable of the menu. Atmosphere: Has a romantic/ cozy feel. White table cloth. Light italian music playing and dimmer lighting. Great for a date/ anniversary/ etc :) THey have unique decor; including a large wall mural that is definitely an unavoidable topic of conversation. Price: Fairly expensive but worth it for the quality of the food and service. Muchhh better than any chain italian restaurant, including Maggianos!
5	Absolutely delicious! Homemade pasta that tastes as smooth as butter when it touches your tongue. Wine selection that makes your mouth water before you even take your first sip.A definite try if you love genuine Italian cuisine and crave the magnificent taste of homemade pasta.
1	Way over priced. The old adage of "you get what pay" for is definitely not applicable to La Torretta Ristorante.  Both the food and service are average. Example: their price for a bottle of $15 Castello Banfi Chianti is $50. Our bill for four was $225 before tip, with only one bottle of wine and no dessert. We tried La Torretta Ristorante based on a Groupon coupon. I can't see them being open much longer. Place was nearly empty on a Friday evening.
4	Went to this restaurant on a groupon deal.  It was well worth it for the value!  Two entrees, a bottle of wine, 2 desserts for a reasonable price.  The veal marsala was bomb.  A good portion which I ate ridiculously fast because it was delicious.  The service was good and speedy.The restaurant was about half full most of the time we were there.If we didn't have the groupon deal our bill might have totaled upwards of $130.00 or more, so it can be a bit pricy, but overall I think it's worth it.
3	I agree with a previous review about the decor/service of this restaurant... it's outdated!  Before I get to that, let me provide you with a little background.  My Husband, Grandma, and I recently went out to dinner here as we had a groupon deal and we were celebrating my Husband and I's Anniversary.  I made a reservation, which clearly wasn't necessary, but it was required when we walked in the door (weird).  After being seated the host introduced himself as our waiter and proceeded to be extra sarcastic to my Grandma, which resulted in some awkward conversation that made me want to shoot myself.  That turned me off right then and there.Once we FINALLY got past the weirdness, we ordered and were given bread and our drinks.  The rolls were my favorite part!  They rocked my world!  The food took awhile, but when it finally got to us it was pretty good.  Nothing mind blowing, but overall a good quality Italian meal.So, I left La Torretta feeling like with so many good Italian restaurants in town I probably won't go back to this one.  The prices were crazy expensive, even with a coupon.  For that reason alone and the outdated decor and weird waiter, I don't think we will return.
5	Really good experience here. To bad its so far away from my home and office. Anywho, had a business meeting at the Kierlands and took my sales director here for dinner and discussion afterward. As soon as you walk in your smell Italian. Reminded me of when I lived in New York. Took a seat and Chaz the waiter comes by and of course knows my employee. Good rapport is established and Chaz shows good product knowledge - he knows what he's doing and guides us through the menu. This seems to be a forgotten science these days with the "order taker" mentality of the turn and burn server of our microwave society. I digress.We ordered the Calamari Infernalli which was sauteed in a spicy tomato sauce which was an awesome alternative to the usual bread coating. Just the right amount of spice kick - good stuff and recommended. We both ordered Filetto Saltimbocca Del Porco as an entree. If I'm not mistaken Saltimbocca means melt in your mouth and that's exactly what it does. the pork loin is stuffed with cheese, sage and pancetta with a delicate sauce and was just awesome. Would coem back just for this again. Great experience and nice job Chaz.
5	We tried this place last night because I bought a HomeRun deal a few months back.  We were not disappointed!  We went at 6:30 on a Saturday night.  I had made reservations, but the restaurant was not even half full.  Our server, Chas, was just great!  He gave us lots of info about the menu items and specials.  Made great recommendations and chose a great wine for me.  The food was fabulous, and because I had a hard time deciding between two dishes (a special and the buternut squash ravioli) Chas recommended that I order the special, and then he brought out a small plate of the ravioli so I could try it.  Both were amazing!  We had the chocolate ganache covered raspberry sorbet which was incredible!  Then to top it off, Chas brought us some cannoli's to bring home for our kids!  I highly recommend this restaurant.  The food and the service are top notch!  We will definitely be back!
3	I'd like to give this more stars as it is family owned but I just couldn't. .  The only reason we went to this restaurant was we had a groupon for two entrees up to 25 each and a house bottle of wine.  The staff was extremely friendly, attentive and engaging.  There were a couple options with the house wine and we went with the merlot.    The food was average, portions small to average.  Im not sure if I'd come here again as the price for the quality of food isn't worth it to me. The groupon was a bust.  It cost  $39.00 and was a "$78" dollar value.  Total spending on groupon plus tax tip and a bottle of water was 69.00.   The entrees we picked were 22 and 23 dollars.  Our included bottle of wine was 26 dollars. Of course I googled it.  Turned out to be  a   $3.00 bottle of wine called 3 wishes from Cali.   Quite the mark up.  Next time i'll go to whole foods and get the case for 33.00.  Groupon didn't provided much of a savings on this.
4	If you are looking for a nice, upscale Italian restaurant this might be where you want to go. The service was excellent and the food came out of the kitchen very quickly, which was great because I was starving. Be sure to come here prepared to spend a lot. Even with a $25 off coupon, our bill was quite high. You may want to reserve this place for special occasions but I was very happy that I got to try it!Things my family tried: I had salmon ala vodka, which was sliced salmon on top of penne in vodka sauce. There was a very generous amount of salmon and it was cooked very well. My family ended up playing musical plates so my mom and grandmother got to try this as well and it ended up being all gone by the end. My stepdad at linguine with white clam sauce. He thought there could have been a few more clams but overall said it tied with a place back in Jersey for his favorite restaurant to have this dish. My mother had a ravioli sampler, which had cheese, lobster, and butternut squash ravioli. She said she enjoyed the butternut squash the best. I think I would have too but the portion wasn't large enough for me to get to try any leftovers. My grandma had a veal dish that was the special for the night. I personally thought it was good but tasted like pot roast. If you are in the mood for pot roast, go with this!---it did happen to be cooked to perfection.
5	We had bough a groupon for this place and wow it was such a great buy! I went with my husband and we were both amazed at the food, atmosphere and great service. Darius was our server and made everything great! He was very knowledgeable and created a laid back atmosphere to enjoy a romantic evening out.Both of our dishes were delish, I had the Linguini Lucina (linguini and calamari) and he had the Pork Saltimbocca (pork prosciutto and cream cheese with penne pasta) I cant wait to return and would recommend any one to try it out :)
4	I came to La Torrenta with a friend using a Groupon.  We each were able to choose an entree and get a bottle of wine.  We got the crab and lobster ravioli.  The crab ravioli was good, but the lobster ravioli my friend got was even better.  It is the best tasting crab ravioli I ever had.  The only thing that takes this from a 5 star experience is the service was a little slow.  Our waiter didn't write down our order, and we asked about our side salads.  He said its being made, and he came back with it in couple minutes.  It seemed like our waiter was a little bit forgetful.  Nevertheless, he was a good server that entertained us with his sarcasm.
5	Came here last night with the wife for a date night, I bought a groupon like a few others on here.  I quickly realized that this used to be the old Tomaso's which is still on Camelback.  The atmosphere is a little dated, I remember it being the same when it was Tomaso's about 10-15 years ago.  I called for reservations a few hours earlier and was able to get a 6:15 reservation.  Place was still calm then but by the time we left it was pretty packed (Friday night).  Service was good, they were helpful with picking out the entrees and we started with the caprese brochette combo salad and that was just phenomenal.  I love a good caprese to start, I ordered a combination plate of stuffed veal and gnocchi in a butter sauce.  Both were very rich and very good, veal was a little tough but very flavorful.  A few drinks and goofy pictures taken with the decor we got out of there for about $160 bucks but since I had the groupon it only cost me about $100 (I still tipped about $30).  I read a few reviews before ordering and couldn't help but notice the douche-bags that thought this place was overpriced.  Did you guys think you were going to Fazoli's?  WTF?  When your review is a few lines long only complaining about the price, you look more foolish than the restaurant.....just saying.
2	While the service was great, I was quite disappointed in the meal.  First, everything is ala carte, so you are really paying just $21 for a bowl of spaghetti!  No salad, no sides.  The quality was average, especially given the price.  I would expect either higher quality, or less price.
2	Friday ntght about 7"00.  We entered and said to  the person at the door (who we were informed was the owner) and said "Table for three."  Without a word he looked us over and led us to a table / booth.   Our waiter came over, asked if we wanted anything to drink and we said we would probably have wine with dinner.   Okay.Wine list was way overpriced, lowest entry around $46 but most were way above $60.  Selected a bottle which we were pleased with, after the waiter first came back and said they were out,   My wife and sister-in-law weren't too hungry and they asked to share a salad and order of spaghetti and meatballs.   I ordered the chicken/sausage cacciatore.   First came the wine (did I mention they had to go back to find the correct bottle).   Then the salad (pretty good actually).   Then a wait, and I mean a wait.   Probably  over 30 minutes minimum.    Wife and sister=in=law had a hefty portion of the spaghetti and meatball, but it was dry, devoid of any sauce not a hint of red.  Looked like a meatball with spaghetti around it.   My meal was okay, nothing to write home about.  Meanwhile the owner was making his way around the place chatting up the customers (never said a single word to us the entire evening.   Oh yeah, the waiter gave us a coupon to use as my wife had left hers  in her car.  Best part of the evening.  Won't be back
4	Went here for a late Valentine's day dinner. We had set reservations well in advance. The restaurant had kind of a cheesy sky painted in the ceiling. We were placed in a corner table near the bar. It wasn't a huge deal but I did feel separated from the rest of the restaurant. Overall, the decor isn't high end but it's not terrible either.We were seated immediately by the hostess, which is always nice when it's a busy Friday night. Our service was relatively spot on the entire night. They took a little long on the salad my girlfriend order, but they gave her a full salad instead of the half to compensate. Otherwise, we felt attended to pretty much the whole night.The food was very good. I ordered the halibut, which was the special for the night. It came out tasting light and very good. My girlfriend ordered the chicken parm which I thought was terrific. Had the creme brulee for dessert and that was great as well.Overall, we were very happy with our meal and night.
2	Cheesy, outdated decor, sky high prices with service that does not match, so so food. Went here on a recommendation and because they have home made gluten free pasta. Sorry we did. Our server was very proud of the fact that he knew we were gluten free and knew how to take care of us. I reminded him again when salads were ordered. Mine came with a breadlike object on top and when questioned, he said, it's a cracker stick, like that was okay. When I picked up the bowl and handed it back to him, he started to remove the crumbly stick, like that would now make my contaminated salad gluten free. Then, the crumbs fell into my daugher's Caprese salad, so both had to be reordered. My daughter's dish was not correct, nor was her pasta side, so they remade the pasta. Gluten free pasta cannot be al dente, but this was. I found a piece of non gluten free pasta mixed in with mine, leading me to suspect they make the gluten free with the regular pasta. Dirty dishes were not removed in a timely manner nor were water glasses filled. Just an odd, outdated place. Felt like I was back in Jersey, without the good food.
3	I'm always up for trying some handmade Italian food, and I went to La Torretta for the first time. The north Scottsdale spot is pretty from the outside, with twinkly lights adorning the exterior of the restaurant.Inside, the spot is really nice, with big murals of Renaissance-style figures covering the walls. Tables are covered in linens, and there's a lounge-y bar area with a single TV in the corner.Both my companion and I noticed the place was pretty quiet despite being full of people-maybe it's because it gives off a romantic vibe. There was some Frank Sinatra music playing in the background, though, which was a nice touch.After a great meal a week before at Tutti Santi, La Toretta had a lot to live up to. My first impression of the food was the bread, which was ultra-crusty small pieces of a baguette served with packages of butter. It didn't taste super-fresh, and for how classy the atmosphere was, the foil packages of butter was a turn-off.We ordered the Mozzarella Caprese and Bruschetta ($9.99), one of my favorite dishes, to start. The portion for the price took me aback, considering I had seen much more generous plates at other spots. To get only two small pieces of mozzarella was sort of shocking, and my favorite part of the dish was the bruschetta. If I go back to La Torretta, I would try to order a full appetizer of bruschetta (it's not on the menu, but maybe they'd do it.) The bread had an amazing flavor and texture to it because the heaping hunks of tomatoes perfectly saturated the bread.My entree was by far my favorite part of the meal. It was the huge Tortellini con Ricotta ($18.99), which came in a cream sauce covered with mushrooms and peas. The dish was gigantic-I could only eat half of it-and every bite of the tri-colored pasta was delicious. I really, really enjoyed it and would recommend it if you go.My dining partner got the Ravioli Farcitti dell'Aragosta ($25.99), which was the lobster ravioli pictured here. He said it was great.Finally, there was the Tiramisu ($8.95). It was served with whipped cream on the side, which I found odd,  and topped with strawberries. It was super-cold in the center and didn't have a strong coffee taste, but I did enjoy the cream part. The dessert just wasn't as traditional as I would have liked-I like a ton of espresso soaking the ladyfingers, but it tasted good and was served up generously.Maybe it's because the place was pretty busy, but we noticed the service from our bartender/server was pretty slow. It could have just been because the spot was going for a laid-back vibe, but just be prepared to take your time throughout the meal if you go.There are definitely some tweaks I'd make to create a better experience at La Torretta, but I would go back for the atmosphere and that amazing tortellini dish.
5	I notice that some people give this establishment a low rating because of prices.  What they don't know, is that most Italian places (even high-end) have food that is cooked and ready before you even arrive, and even re-heated.  La Torretta is a special place that serves fresh food, and you get what you pay for here.  If you think it is "too pricey" for home-made Italian, then I'd suggest you never visit California, or cities like Chicago, NY etc. because La Torretta's prices are extremely reasonable in comparison.  And if you are wise enough to check Groupon.com, you'll find a generous deal of 50% off your bill.  The service for my wife and I was top-notch, and the atmosphere was fantastic.  We went when it was a bit slower, which is what I prefer for a romantic evening.  I've already purchased the Groupon deal for my brother-in-law, so I obviously have no problem recommending La Torretta to anyone.  A must try for any Italian lover!!
3	Be careful if you have a groupon. Make sure you are CLEAR. Waiter said we cud order off the whole menu and we cud apply $26 toward our wine. I asked again can we order off the whole menu and he said yes! Well when we got our bill we had to pay the difference. He said sorry. I felt duped and had to pay $65 not much of a deal after all. Not very happy and won't be going back.
5	All I can say is WOW. It's been a long time since I was as blown away by a meal the way I was last night at La Torretta. The dishes are simple, but phenomenal, the prices are reasonable and the service was great. We will definitely be back very soon to taste more of the menu.
1	I recently visited La Torretta while spending the weekend in Scottsdale. Service here is great, but everything else about this restaurant is horrible.We arrived at 9pm for our dinner reservation there were 4 other tables in the restaurant. We were seated promptly. Our waiter was attentive, comical, and polite. We opted out of appetizers and went straight for entrees. Our food took forever to arrive. We waited about 40 mins for our dinner to arrive. I ordered the halibut special which came with a lemon artichoke/capers sauce with a side of ravioli, and steamed veggies. The halibut was a bit dry and the sauce was not good. It tasted like it came from a can. We also ordered the Lasagna al Saltimbocca. The description reads (Baked hand made wide ribbon pasta with ragu of wild mushrooms, veal and prosciutto) Regrettably, it ended up being regular lasagna with ground beef. There were no mushrooms, no veal, and no prosciutto. The worst part of the dining experience was the bill. The halibut was $35 and the lasagna was $22. Frankly, you can get better Italian food at Maggiano's. The great service doesn't justify the overpriced food. Don't waste your hard earned cash at La Torretta.
1	Scratch this one off the list.  It was horrible.We were enticed with a Travel Zoo coupon.  But it was not even worth 1/2 price.It is a neighborhood Italian restaurant with no personality or charm.  Prices were definitely high for the ambiance and quality.  My fish was so "fishy" I couldn't eat it.  My wife had the eggplant and it was oily.   The bread was burned and dry.  Desserts at $9 was terrible.  They supposedly make their own Teramisu, so we tried it.  It was mostly fake whipped cream and the inside tasteless and soggy.There are much better Italian restaurants in the area and more moderately priced.The service was not up to par.  We got the wrong dish.  The waitress seemed like she really didn't care that we were there.I doubt this place will make it much longer.  It was no more than a third full on a Saturday night.Trust me on this and STAY AWAY.  It was one of the worst meals I've had in a long long time.  I'd rather go to a cafeteria.
1	My recommendation, do not go!  Tonight's dinner could possibly be the worst experience at any restaurant ever.  Our server was short with us and seemed to have no time and it wasn't even busy.   The food was pure grease with cheeses and sauce. La Torretta was over priced and the atmosphere was plain and seemed quite dated.  I don't know who might have posted the other positive reviews but I can only guess it's family.
3	For starters we got the fried calamari.  I like that they give you plenty of marinara sauce in a gravy boat but overall the dish was kind of bland.  Maybe the sauce or batter needed more seasoning?I tried the bolognese and berry spring salad.  The salad was good..  Bolognese was pretty good as well.  I think it would have been better with red pepper flakes - the waiter said he'd bring both the pepper flakes and parmesan and just brought the cheese. Dinner took a really long time.  The restaurant was only half full so I don't know if they do this on purpose?  Anyway, its a good deal with the Groupon but I think I'll try other things on the menu next time.
2	I think this place could do well if they made some changes. First of all... the iced tea was not good. I think I recall a previous reviewer comparing the taste to Band-Aids. I've never tasted one, but the tea tasted as they smell... oddly plastic-y. My roommate ordered the chicken parm, and although he didn't say it was bad... he seemed remorseful from not ordering the Lobster Ravioli. In my opinion, it looked like it had way too much mozzerella, couldn't even see any breaded parts of the chicken. I ordered the cannelloni, a favorite of mine. I was dismayed when I saw it covered in meat sauce (which tasted canned). Now, in my many experiences in ordering this dish, it's always been paired with a cream sauce! The menu didn't specify. The good thing I suppose, was the gnocci served with it (which was good) had cream sauce and I would steal some of that and incorporate it into bites of my cannelloni. Creme brulee was not horrible, but the carmelized sugar could have been darker and more berries would've been nice for the price. So overall... it was ok, not great, but ok. The server was Chazz and was very personable and friendly.
5	Great food. great service. The owner obviously knows haw to please his patrons in every way.  Large portions of fabulous Italian classics. Go.You will be happy!
5	Not sure what to expect based on earlier very mixed reviews, but WOW! Great service, amazing entrees. My husband was thrilled by his eggplant parmesan (his standard for Italian). I had escolar with a lemon caper sauce, lobster ravioli, steamed veggies, all done to perfection. Definitely will be back
4	Expensive, but great food.  I got lucky with dinner for two and a bottle of wine through Groupon, but what they didn't say was it was about $20 towards a bottle of wine, and only 3 were close to that price.  Food was excellent for the Groupon price, and service was great!
1	Received a coupon in the mail for one-half off of an entree after purchasing one, and my wife and I decided to give it a go. It's in the neighborhood and we enjoy trying out new restaurants, especially mom and pops type of places.Quite simply, the reviews below should have sounded off the alarms.  First the positives. The staff is super friendly and courteous, smiling and chatting with you in an effort to make you feel like you're in the East Village (or perhaps in Italy).  The bread (served prior to the meal) was hot and crunchy (but crunchy in a good way). On to the negatives. The service is extremely slow. We had to ask twice for bread after waiting for about 10 minutes after asking the first time. The food was extremely subpar. I ordered the "Linguini del Mollusco", which was very oily (you can literally see the grease dripping off the pasta) and absolutely lacking in flavor.  I could taste plenty of oil unfortunately. The pasta was swimming in grease. The "Molusco" element was literally microscopic.  I had the smallest shells I have ever seen, hardly qualifying this as seafood (unless we are to discuss in molecular terms).My wife had the "Special", which was also Linguine but with chicken and artichokes, in the same sort of Chardonnay based sauce. Once again, oily, oily oily.  She is extremely picky with her food and could barely muster more than a few bites.  If one is starving (as I was after a long day at work), one will eat this food (because ultimately it is still food), but at more than $20-30 per entree, it's quite a ripoff.To make matters worse, the staff decided to add gratuity to our check.  We have been to very classy restaurants (e.g. at Royal Palms) and we have never had gratuity added to our check (rather than us tipping ourselves) for a party of just 2. At the end of the day, with drinks and the coupon, we still spent well more than $60, for very bland food with ridiculously slow service.We will absolutely not be going back .  If you want delicious Italian food, may I recommend "Stone and Vine Urban Italian" on Shea Blvd.  Their pasta is flavorful, their sauces are delicious, and their seafood is NOT microscopic (more seafood than you care to have probably).
5	HOME MADE EVERYTHING!Chicken Alfredo with chicken smoked in house. Certainly worth the $6 more than the chain. Sausage and meatballs all freshly make same day! Next visit I got a steak, I said what do you have. They asked me what I wanted. Went to the back and told me what looked the best, cut in house. Ribeye was amazing Prime beef and cheaper that the steakhouse down the street. For sides I mentioned a veggie, they started listing around 15 different options and said what would you like, any or all. Taking the better half there for her birthday tonight!
5	We had a living social deal here plus its super close to my company's vacation condos so we just had to try it. It was delicious, 5 stars all around. Our server Chaz was friendly and and the service from everyone at the restaurant was impeccable. Very attentive, always filling our waters, but the perfect amount of also leaving us alone to enjoy the food and ambiance. We started with the sauteed calamari. I went in with every intention of ordering fried but I am so glad we chose the other preparation. It had just the right amount of spice and we absolutely loved it. We both got chicken dishes but I highly recommend the one my boyfriend ordered. Chicken with 4 cheeses is the easy way of saying it. The mushrooms that surrounded it and the perfection of the cheeses and prosciutto along with the chicken...just amazing. The prices are reasonable for what you get. The portions are large and the pasta and sauces are homemade. If you're not sure where to go for Italian and you find yourself in the Kierland area, please do yourself a favor, don't support the chains like maggianos, head over to this local gem and you won't regret it.
1	This place is expensive and not good.I wouldn't recommend this place if you're looking for Italian food.I would suggest taking your hard earned cash elsewhere. Even Maggiano's across the street has better food.
1	I just ate there last night and I have to say the food was terrible.We ordered Ossobuco--$41, and Escolar( a fish)-- $36. They were the specials so we were hopeful, but everything was poorly presented and very salty. It was very disappointing especially since it was so expensive.Our waiter, Chaz was great, but the food was really a letdown.
5	WOW, I mean wow. This place has great customer service, excellent food and at a good price. Very romantic as well and somewhere I would recommend taking a date with your significant other or even for a first date with someone new.
5	Best drink chemist. Great seafood fettacini. Wow. The owner knows his wine AND GREAT VALUE!  Wonderful meal and I am now a regular!!!!
5	Amazing food and even better service. We went here for my wife's birthday based on a deal we found on travelzoo. The owner right away gave my wife a free drink worth $30. Throughout the rest of the night out waiter took extra special care of us. My wife even went as far as letting him pick her dinner for her. Every bit of the food we ordered was amazingly good and we could tell it was home cooked. No chain food here. I had one of the specials, fresh fish from Hawaii and it never tasted so good. The soups taste just like something my grandma would have made.
4	Great meal with great service. Two of our party had the 4 cheese chicken. It was outstanding. The other two had ravioli dishes that were equally good. Highly recommend this place for any special occasion
4	This is our favorite Italian restaurant. Warm, professional service, an extensive menu, good wine list. Most of the pastas are house made,as are the desserts. Bread is warm, with a lovely olive oil and herb dipping sauce. We've enjoyed intimate dinners here and entertained larger groups and La Toretta has never disappointed.I'm really surprised by the reviews that say the servings are skimpy-- I've never been able to finish my meal and take the rest home for leftovers. As for pricing, I feel they are fairly priced for what you get. We found excellent wines for under $40/bottle. Entrees are $20s to $30s. Osso Bucco, when they have it as a special, is the best I've ever had. Tonight i Had a mixed seafood special with shrimp, clams, mussels, calamari, and halibut in a tomato basil sauce over linguini. OMG, is was delicious!Everyone's entitled to their opinion but mine is at La Toretta is a Scottsdale gem!
5	Excellent and authentic made from scratch Italian. A nice ambience with enjoyable background music. My new favorite!
5	I went here a few weeks ago with my husband and sister with a local dine coupon. We were immediately greeted by friendly wait staff and then were accommodated with our request to sit outside. Our waiter was amazing and made sure we always had everything we needed. The food was truly fantastic and you could tell it really was homemade. It was a bit pricey but it was worth it for the taste and huge portions. Great family atmosphere and will return.
5	My husband and I went here last week on a living social deal.  I had the seafood special (delicous!) and my husband had the bolognese pasta.  Both our meals were wonderful and had huge portions! We will be returning to this side of town to enjoy this restaurant.  The service was outstanding.  Chaz our server was awesome and knew every detail about the menu.
5	Outstanding!I have to preface my review by saying this is a heavy meal.  But if that's what you are expecting from an Italian dinner you are at the right address.  Not your normal chain resturant.  This place has character. The owner has an open presence and is very proud of his establishment.  Our server, Chaz, had expert product knowledge and was able to make recommendations and minor changes to fit our taste.  He was very exacting in his delivery of the specials and articulate with out being pretentious. Family style buffalo mozzarella and tomatoes, rich and and flavorful bruschetta were a great start to a fantastic meal.  The portion of the four cheese chicken smothered with mushroom sauce was fantastic.  The portion was huge.  My wife had to stop me from overheating.  All others in our party were pleased with their entree and commented on the quality, flavor and generous portions.  I recommend this resturant and would definitely go back.
5	My family and I have always had a amazing dinner. I always get the dinner specials everything is fresh. The staff are so nice and helpful. I have always had a great waiter his name is Chaz.            thank you for making dinner out so enjoyable
1	I feel bad that a Baby Cow died in vain. TG we had a Localdines certificate because if we had paid full price, I would be totally peed off.Attended the Scottsdale Philharmonic concert Sunday afternoon  just down the street, & as La Torretta was conveniently located & as DH had been longing to try it for over a year & as we had certificate...  Arrived a little early for our reservation (Open Table) but they seated us immediately, at 6 pm, as only about 3 tables were occupied. First impression: dated. Cheesy 80's goomba, which can be kind of cool. Ceiling has this "broken" area so it's supposed to look like an old ruin & you are looking up out an ancient building to the sky. There is a mural on the wall of a naked woman (Venus?) with ornery little cherubs buzzing around her. It was done by an extraordinarily talented artist---the skin tones glow, but still she is in All Her Glory, so I'd feel funny with a younger child in tow. Mostly, I was unimpressed by the cleanliness.  Too much Restaurant Impossible? The carpet was really grimy & I could see thick layers of dust of the back edges of the chairs & supports, & also on the top of the velvet drapes. Told DH NOT to go near the drapes during dinner as I didn't want that crap sifting down on my food!Ordered wine---very happy with our selections & the prices per glass were reasonable. The wine was little slow to come out, but glassware sparkling clean. Our server recited the specials & my eyes lit up when she mentioned Osso Buco. I LOVE Osso Buco. Fortunately, as I contemplated that, another young man came with basket of bread & oil. One bite of dry, tasteless roll & equally tasteless oil & I became hesitant to spend $43 on the veal shanks. Oil served in a gravy boat with large spoon---very odd. If you poured oil from boat, you got none of the herbs and whatever in it---but the spoon was so large that to take it out of the gravy boat you had to tilt it and lose half the contents. It didn't matter---it had no flavor at all, despite lots of bits & pieces floating in it. I decided to go with the Gorgonzola salad with strawberry vinaigrette & Cannelloni Fiorentino & Gnocchi. Kind of a weird, carb-heavy combo, but description of the cannelloni sounded delicious. DH also got the salad & Pollo Farcito Formaggio Quattro.  Well, our salads finally arrived about 6.37.  (Yes, by this time I am checking my watch.)  Admittedly, dining room starting to fill up &  appeared our server was only one working, but really? I almost gagged on first bite---so incredibly sweet. But as I started to get the tart, pungent gorgonzola along with the sweet vinaigrette, it was delicious. Also included blackberries & raspberries & candied pecans & greens VERY fresh, so ended up being very good. Took our time, but how long can you linger over a salad?  Probably finished about 6.50. Server did stop in for a moment & we ordered another round of wine. Thank goodness, because our entrees finally appeared---I kid you not---at 7.17 pm. So the runner pops them down before us & I am looking at my plate & not feeling good about this. Looked like two cannelloni just visible under a layer of something---it looked like TVP (texturized vegetable protein). Tasted like it too---tasted like nothing.  There was no seasoning, no depth of flavor--nada. The chicken filling inside was the consistency of baby food and again, no seasoning. I won't say it was disgusting---it was just flavorless. It WAS hot, I can say that! The gnocchi---and I find it hard to believe they were house-made, were actually cooked well, but again, no flavor, despite large pieces of mushrooms tossed in the bland cream sauce.  The veggies were cooked tender-crisp, but again---no seasoning. DH said his chicken was well cooked (I had a taste and I thought it was a little overcooked) but only a whisper of the sweet, rich flavor of marsala. Even rosemary potatoes that accompanied---this is kind of gross, but DH got a couple of hard needles of rosemary caught between his teeth & when he wiggled them out & then chewed them, said it was like eating straw. Obviously, not using fresh herbs in the kitchen & considering even the dried had no flavor, assume it was old, bulk stuff. Potatoes though, were hot & steamy & cooked very nicely.  Server stopped by, looked at my plate & said "No parmesan?"  I told her I had not been offered any.  So she whisked away & came back & generously sprinkled shredded parmesan on my dish. Some flavor now? No.  Was that dryish, plastic parm they sell in giant bags from food services. Ugh.Disheartened, we gave up and had the busboy box remainders, hoping I could "flavor up" at home. Waited 18 minutes for server to notice we were ready for our bill. Another 9 minutes to get the credit receipt.  Really?I feel bad because DH was really looking forward to this restaurant.  What a let-down. Really surprised at all the positive reviews, but then I see Yelp filtered all the 1 & 2 star.  Hmmm.   Cannot recommend.
5	Not sure why I don't go here every week.  Always a fabulous experience. Met 2 long time friends that were visiting on business, and I suggested La Torretta. Everything, from the staff to the food and the service, is exceptional. Their servings are fresh and plentiful.....the Veal Parmesan here is the best in the city.  Also not sure why this place isn't packed each and every night.  One of my favorites!
5	we have found ths place outstanding.  we have attend twice on a groupon and we were fortunate enough to be served by chaz. Boh time are dishes were outstanding and chaz accomadated any thing we requested.  the fruit de mare and the osso bucco was one of the best he has tasted (bestest ever according to my husband.)  I like the idea that my dinner meal can make 2 more dinners.
2	This has nothing to do with food or service. All was OK. The decor is older but well kept and clean.The painting on the wall is absurd! Probably 8 feet high and 12 feet wide! Naked overweight lady, yes naked, with several naked little boys flying around her with stupid wings! I watched as two parties were seated. The woman ran for the side of the table not to face the lady's gentiles. Crazy! Can't go there with friends, can't go with children, can't go with parents. Without a doubt the dumbest thing I've ever seen in a restaurant. This painting is the focal point of the entire evening!
5	I have eaten at La Torretta multiple times for dinner.  It is always fantastic!  No dish has ever disappointed and the wine is always perfect with the dish.Immaculately clean and well kept, some may not like the decor as it is "old fashioned Italian."  When I walk in, I feel like I've walked into a decades-old, family-owned Italian restaurant that would be found in the burrows of New York.  I love that!!  If you love authentic Italian food, this decor is perfect!  For those of you who don't know, Sofia Loren's photos abound because the owner's Mom and Sophia were life-long friends.  For decades, whenever Sophia was in the area, she'd stop in to have dinner at La Torretta.  It does not get more authentic Italian than that!If Chaz happens to be serving you, ask him to sing you a song.  You'll be blown away!
4	The food was great and so was the service. I'm taking away a star for a mixture or reasons. Plastic flowers in entryway were tacky, the oversized portrait of 1970's Al Pacino staring at me in the restroom is unsettling and the kicker!!!.... I don't want to see a restroom full of anti-aging ads. I'm paying $40 for a steak I shouldn't have to stare at an ad for neck rejuvenate while I wash my hands. Very poor taste!!
5	Went hear for my five year wedding anniversary. The food and the service was fantastic. The pasta was certainly homemade, the steak my husband got was incredible. The fried calamari was perfect. The only think my husband noted is that it seemed to be a long dinner - but that is part of what made it so nice, for me. We were able to enjoy bread, appetizers and our entrees, without being too full, and we were able to enjoy each others company and really good wine. I would HIGHLY recommend this place.
5	Best family owned italian place in scottsdale. Crab rav. Is amazing o so. Buco.having to use abbreviations sorry but amazing . Worth the trip tucked in a lil corner near promenade shopping center on other side. They use to have an amazing lobster rav. Not shure what happened hope that pops back on menu. Def worth a visit.
1	The food made me feel like I was in Purgatory.This restaurant is older and dated looking. The decor is perhaps entertaining. They have a cut away ceiling that looks like an artificial sky. Unless you are blind you will view a very large mural of a naked woman with nude cherubs flying above her and other various Italian artworks and Portraits. As soon as I tasted the bread and seasoned oil I became uncertain about how dinner would be. The bread tasted like that frozen bread dough that comes in a can and the extra virgin olive oil was oddly flavorless.Really I don't need to describe my husband's Florentine Cannelloni too much because if you take the time to view the photo you can see it looks like a coyote took a dump on the plate. The dump part was actually dried up crushed meatballs and other God knows what else. I was told by my husband that the inside of the cannelloni's were awful. My husband just kept saying,"not good" "not good". I did taste one of the gnocchi on his plate. It was much firmer than I was expecting and was a very chewy lump of dough that was covered with a mushroomy tasting paste that was just reminded me of the paste  that came in the plastic tub you used in elementary school but it was mushroom flavored paste.The actual on-line menu differs from the menu at the restaurant. I like Sun Fish and was expecting to order it but I noticed it wasn't on the menu so I went with the Salmon Francesca. I didn't expect the best quality fish since this isn't a fish place but I was shooting for OK since it was $23.99. At that price point IT SHOULD BE OK!  I took a bite of the fish and tasted a very overpowering sour tangy garlicy sauce. The lemon butter, white wine, caper sauce was so strong in flavor I actually couldn't taste the fish at all until the third bite. Then I knew why the sauce was so strong. The fish had that off taste. It wasn't spoiled but it was that off taste like when you purchase fish from Fry's or Safeway kind of taste. I couldn't eat it after the third bite. The vegetables on the plate were OK and the the Italian Potato was tasty but would have been better if the cheese wasn't dried out and crunchy on it.Our waiter was extremely friendly and entertaining. I considered giving this place another star just because of the waiter. Before I knew how the fish was our waiter did ask us how the food was and I did tell him about the sauce.  He said that if we came back they could do the dish different for me. Good Luck!If you give this place a try you should use the coupon on their website or one of the other various discounts they offer.1.5 stars
