4	Tessio's Pizza is one of my favorites in the valley.  It is by no means gourmet, but it hits the spot every time.  They have a thin crust, decent sauce, and is always just greasy enough :)  Their sandwiches and sides are good as well.
1	I went here because all my friends were peeing their pants about how good it is. Wrong.  The slow (perhaps retarted) staff with no customer service, alongside the barely mediocre tasting pizza both contributed to my disdain for this awful eatery. Fuck it...stick to Slices.
1	This place sucks.
4	to be honest, i think this is one of the best places to get pizza in the valley. the sauce they use is very low acidity so that the pizza actually tastes better. i am not sure what the person who said Tessio's sucks thinks is good pizza...this is worlds better than any other pizza delivery place (way better than pizza hut, domino's, etc...).definitely worth the delivery wait.
5	This is the best pizza in Tempe!  Make no mistakes.  I lived there for a year about 2 years ago and I still miss Tessio's.  It is just a carry out & delivery place.  I think they got a few plastic chairs and maybe a table with some NewTimes on it, but not really a place to dine in.  Tessio's also tends to have good deals if you want to throw in some wings or whatever.  You can also pick up some beer right next door to go with your pizza.
2	I got a chicken sandwich and wings. The chicken sandwich was made with that cheap partical chicken patty that you commonly find on most $1menu chicken sandwiches. The wings were so so. The wings themselves were pretty small but the sauce was good but not hot enough to be considered "hot".My main complaint is that they are 2 blocks away from me and it still took them 50 minutes to get the food to me (10 minutes more than the quoted time). I could have walked there and back in that time.
4	This is some of the best pizza I have had in the valley. The Pesto pizza is amazing. They also have some interesting menu items such as the Arizona cheese steak which is a spicy southwestern twist on the Philly cheese steak. Their food always hits the spot  Delivery isn't the fastest during the dinner rush but it is worth the wait. The prices are good too, comparable to the franchise delivery chains.
4	The good:- This place is deal city....... BUT only if you order their doubles deal.. and make it a jumbo!  - Black olive and feta pizza is yummmm!- They have "sprinkles" available for you to put on your self.  (sprinkles include:  garlic salt, oregano, parmie, red peps, and MORE)!- I think that the crust is delish.. soft and not too thick, not too thin!The bad:- it is unfortunate that they had to raise their prices... but doubles are still a great deal! - Do not get delivery... because it takes forever.. and the delivery man is not very friendly.
4	Tessio's makes pizza. It's better than any other pizza place in the area. They deliver. They have a ton of toppings. Their wings are "alright". I'll be getting two delivered to my door here in about 20 minutes. I can't wait.
5	Garlic, Black Olives & tomatoes and it's AWESOME!Dough dosn't taste frozen and has a sweet/salty combo, very good. They bake it so it's never over or under done. I frequent Tessio's aka "Pizza" (next to Tempe Bicycle and Top's Liquors) about once a month for their xl pizza and 24 wings special (21$).I like to call ahead, because their waiting area isn't so much fun. Sometimes I just go next door to Tops and pick out some crazy imported beer or wine to go with my pizza while I wait.Tessio's is always good, never a disappointment and the people who work there remind me of the odd balls you'd meet in SF.
2	If you like pizza dough that has the texture of not being cooked long enough, and over-salted, canned tomato sauce, this pizza is for you.  It's the most mediocre pizza I've had in a while.  Delivery was faster than expected, however, and price is very reasonable.  I just don't think it deserves more than 2 stars.
5	A lot of people think that being from New York somehow makes me a pizza connoisseur - it doesn't.  And being Sicilian doesn't make me so either.But I am person who cherishes pizza as some do their first born or Maserati.  Trust me - Tessios is the best pizza in the Phoenix Metro area, hands down.  They keep it simple yet have some wicked methods for their intoxicating pies - I've been told by guys that work there that they get all their cheese from Wisconsin and sauce is made from scratch.  And you should go in to get your food - Tessios crew is a bunch of regular guys watching sports and slinging pie.  They are easy to talk to...that's something I value (and miss) from growing up Sicilian in NY.  And don't throw none of that Pizzaria Bianco crap out there...waiting 2 hours to get food doesn't make it top shelf.  Bianco is good and yeah he makes it traditional style - but Tessios still whups his tail like Ali on Liston when it comes to robust flavor.
5	Wow. If I lived in Tempe or if Tessio's was near me, I would definitely be going here on the regular.  Sadly, I don't live anywhere near Tempe. And sadly for the City of Long Beach in California, this is the best pizza I've had since moving to Long Beach. I was recently in Tempe/Phoenix for a conference and we decided to skip going out for dinner and order take-out instead.  We were feeling lazy and tired.  We found Tessio's using Google maps and yelp. The front desk recommended Boston's pizza nearby but after reading someone's yelp review saying that Boston's was like Applebee's we decided to keep looking. Anyways, we finally found Tessio's and luckily they deliver to the nearby hotels. We ordered an extra large with sausage, garlic and mushrooms.  They use the sliced sausage rather than the crumbled kind.  And they use fresh mushrooms, not canned. Both a welcome treat!  The pizza here was so good that my friend, who does NOT like pizza (as in she's never cared for it and rarely craves it), actually said it was good and had seconds.   The crust is thin so you must enjoy that type of crust.  My suspicion is that anyone who isn't giving this place at least 4 stars, must be looking for your typical chain-type of pizza.  This is definitely not Domino's or Pizza Hut.  We also ordered some hot wings.  These were pretty good. The sauce was tangy and spicy, yet flavorful.  The sauce also was not that glaze, gooey type of sauce that sometimes is called "buffalo" sauce. Service was okay. No complaints. We ordered delivery to a hotel and they made it the hotel with no problems and no long delay.
4	Decided to try a new place for pizza delivery tonight and found Tessios. Yummy! Pizza and BBQ wings... both very good! Not the best I've had but definitely better then the standard delivery joints here in the valley! I ordered on-line which was easy enough however when the delivery guy showed up I realized that there was a bit of a snafu... When you order on line it asks if you want to tip the "restaurant staff." I'm kind of over the whole theory of tipping every one for doing their job! However, I do understand and appreciate those in the service industry. Regardless, I checked "No" thinking why would I tip the people working at the restaurant and then tip the delivery driver... I honestly thought that I would still have an opportunity to tip the driver when the pizza was actually delivered... sadly and extremely embarrassing... the answer is no. You don't have an opportunity to tip at the door and to my embarrassment I had no cash to give to the delivery driver. So make sure you either "pre-tip" (not a fan!) or have cash ready! I've read some of the other comments regarding delivery times and personally I did not experience any problems... delivery was timely and the food was fresh and hot when it arrived. Again... wish I would have been able to tip the driver!!! Good stuff! Definitely worth a try just be aware of the whole tipping thing!
5	Ordered online for delivery, and it was pretty fast! You can't pay with cash if you order online, although you get a 10% discount.Apparently the option to tip "restaurant staff" is the delivery tip? I don't really understand.. to be safe I gave the driver $3 cash at the door.50 wings. 21 dollars. The 911 wings are made with habanero, and they are no joke. Hottest wings I've ever had.The BBQ wings are very sweet and tasty.We wrote "Saucy wings. :)" on the special instructions for our order, and we were not disappointed. They were absolutely drenched in sauce. I think we had as much sauce as meat (and we had a lot of meat). It was glorious. I imagine without this "special request" they would be satisfactorily sauced as well- no dry wings here. Will definitely order from here again. My only complaint so far is they don't have boneless wings. :SAnyone else who desires boneless wings.. go to their facebook page and tell them. ;)
4	these guys have really stepped up their game a notchback in the day it was subpar reallybut i ordered a spinach and sausage pizza a few weeks back and it was great, not too much cheese, and good thin crispy crustnot many places around the area are open latecome 1am you have a choice between various disgusting fast "food" chains, ex$pen$ive $ilver mine $ubs, or these guys, which when you line em up, isnt much of a choice at allgood job fella's, now just dont mess it up!
4	Good stuff!  Enjoyed this place.  Was in the Phoenix area only for one night and searched for pizza places on my GPS.  The ambience was great - very college townish.  The pizza was nice, we got the thin crust.  Most importantly, the garlic bread was outta the world!  Definitely would love to go back, if the opportunity were to present itself.  Good hang-out place.
4	Very good pizza. Had better, but still very good and worth while.
4	I don't know why I haven't reviewed this place earlier.  I always assumed that I had, but when I went to see what rating I gave it, I saw that I never wrote a review.When I want pizza delivered and it's sometime before 2 a.m., Tessio's is generally my go-to place in Tempe.  Every single day they have some sort of awesome special going on so sometimes when I call I'm just like, "Hey what kind of special do you have going on right now?" and for not much money me and some buddies can plug our beer-filled guts with some greasy yet oh, so delicious pizza.You don't have to be drunk to appreciate Tessio's, but you know how pizza is.  When you're faded, it always tastes a little better.  One time I had a night to myself.  All my friends were off doing something I didn't feel like doing, so I was alone.  Home alone.  For the first time in years.  I ordered up a basic pizza from Tessio's, smoked a lil weed and by God I watched Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Movie and fell asleep on the couch with a greasy face.I love this place.
4	My wife loves Tessio's! It reminds her of home back in Jersey. They have a great New York style pizza, thin, greasy, just fold it in half and enjoy!
5	I lived in Philly for seven years, and thought I'd never find a hole-in-the-wall East Coast pizzeria in Tempe, but here it is!When it comes to pizza, I'm a sauce man, and there's is really really good (crust is great as well, but I'm less fussy about that). They've got great selections, all pretty reasonably priced unless you go nuts with additional toppings rather than opting for one of the pre-defined combos.My real find was their non-pizza Italian entrees. Like any good East Coast pizza shop, you can also order pasta, meatballs, etc. Their lasagna is off the hook and the portion is ridiculously large. They also offer a "side" of meatballs for $2. This side is two jumbo meatballs, served in its own big container with marinara and cheese - a meal in itself! And their side salad for $2 is also really tasty. I order lasagna with two sides of meatballs and a side salad for $12 then live off of it for an entire day. (Note to Tessio's - your ravioli is so good too, but a little skimpy compared to the lasagna).You want real pizza or pasta delivered in Tempe, this is your place.
3	Outside is a very apt sign that just says "PIZZA"Inside you will find a no frills window, a few tables and a condiment counter.Slices of cheese are $2 What I do have a problem with is the lack or artisianship in the pizza. Dough is pressed in a machine, then perforated with a hand tool before being put on to a tray and going through a conveyor belt oven. No hand tossing, no hot real pizza oven no bubbles in the crust, not character. The slice I had was just ok, lucky they have a decent condiment station that included garlic, red pepper, oregano, Parmesan and more. This got them 3 stars over 2.Despite having a few beers next door and not much a dinner I still was not in love with this pizza. If its late and you are hungry in this area give it a try otherwise don't make the effort.
5	I've lived near & been eating at Tessios for 9 years(previously TC Luigis). Besides a few more hikes in price than I would like, the prices are still great for what you get. I love the pizza & it's the best thing I've found in the valley to compare to NY pizza I grew up & lived on. The wings are great too(although a few lil ones have been sneakin in) & the sandwiches are very decent too. I never mind waiting for their delivery cause they're usually faster than they say & it's worth it either way. The guys aren't overly plesant or anything, but this is take out & if you've ever had real New York pizza in New York, you know this is the real deal. I love just about everybody that works there even though we don't exchange more than a word or two & as long as they keep servin me awesome pizza, I'll keep coming back. Keep up the good work guys! If you like NY style, try this & you won't regret it. (Right next to Tops, so grab a few beers while you're at it)
4	Ah Tessios, sometimes great and sometimes not so great. Always available though! These guys make a good pie, and they'll bring it to you. There are other places that bring you pie that is no good and other places that make good pizza. No one else does so at midnight though, or 1:30 in the morning on Fri and Sat. My advice is don't have more than two slices. That's important to know! Their sandwiches are nothing to write home about but are good, their desserts are actually very good!Tessio's will always be there for you, that's the important part. Also they used to be T C Luigis.
4	Great slices, AZ steak sandwich is awesome, try the stromboli with sausage, pepperoni and mushrooms!
5	Loved it! Tucked away next to Tops Liquor is a little pizza place serving up piping hot slices of heaven. The pepperoni pizza was hot, cheesy, and tasty. Combine that with a side of hot wings covered amply with sauce and my friend &I had an excellent lunch. This was the perfect pizza! I'm glad she introduced me to Tessio's! For $10 we each had a slice of pizza and we shared the wings. Take that, Rachael Ray.Seating is limited inside - just two tables. Most people appear to pick up or have it delivered. Either way, it was excellent.
5	Some of the best pizza around.  Try the AZ Cheesesteak sandwich also....fantastic!  Been going there for like 6 years.  I drive past about a dozen pizza places on my way over there.  It is worth the extra couple miles. :)
5	A pizza place within walking distance from several bars, that stays open late... who doesn't love that? We had a few beers at Tops, then spotted this place so we dropped in and ordered a couple slices of pepperoni... nothing fancy, just wanted to take Tessio's for a spin! Five minutes later, we were presented with 4 HUGE slices of extremely hot pizza! I'm not gonna lie, I burned the inside of my mouth, this pizza was so good, I did not bother waiting for it to cool down!! The guys working there were all very friendly and very helpful! I definitely recommend them! If you're in the area (drinking or not) stop by and grab a slice!!
5	Great local owners, great pizza, yes, greasy, but the hot wing are the hottest I can find. Period. If you want a beer, take it out to Tast of the Tops, two doors down. They welcome it.
3	we called 7 minutes before they closed and was just going to get food elsewhere but they took our order anyways. thats reason to order from them again right there! we got a pizza and mushroom pizza and a ham and pineapple. both were pretty good. still warm when we got it. not bad for pizza at 11 at night.
4	First time I went in, I ordered a slice of pizza and then I had this feeling that they had to make a whole new pie for this.  I was bit annoyed that no one told me this.  I would think this would be a basic form of communication.  So once I inquired and realized this, I left because of time constraints.  I was going to write them off, but didn't.I ordered tonight and got an 18" pizza for $9.95 and...(just walked to the fridge to check)...I DID order a half dozen wings but just realized that I ate about that many and still had some left over.  Nice.  Explains why the total was 20 bucks.  Wings were actually good!  To have a place make really good pizza AND good wings is a rare find.  I'm a wing connoisseur and there's only one place in BC Canada that I could not finish all 12.  The cooks actually walked out to see what fool ordered them :)  But this place actually makes them pretty hot (911).  Not scorching by any means, but I'll probably notice tomorrow sometime ;)  That's always the gold standard test for wings and if they make them hot.  Do you experience them twice?!
4	One of the better pizza places in tempe. Would be a 3 star but gets the higher grade for its free delivery service.
4	This place is VERY good, it's local, and they always have good deals on Groupon or Living Social.The only reason it gets four stars instead of five is because I've found it somewhat inconsistent - usually it's excellent, but a couple of times I've been handed somewhat dry pizza or a pizza that had frozen-tasting toppings (the frozen taste was detected in a double-layer pizza).Still, I find myself returning quite often, and you should try it, too - it's killer pizza, and if you get one of their deals they offer on Groupon or Living Social, you can't beat it.
4	Why go red when you can go white?  White sauce that is.    Faily priced, cool mix of ingredient and legitamate 5 minute wait for a couple of slices, what can go wrong?Get anything with artichoke heart and white sauce, so they can make a believer out of you.  White sauce is not so much a sauce as it is cheese. Obviously more cheese is better than more tomato sauce. The  owner appears to runs the place, and was suprisingly friendly despite how busy he was.Low key place, so don't bring your hot date, unless she's a die hard foodie since seating is limited and hasn't quite made it to the 21st century.  Tessios is great for that beer pairing or late night munchies.  NOTE if you're picking up a pizza, consider using one of their coupons available online.   Tessios and Taste of Tops seriously need make a love baby, so the Tempe peeps can have their thirst and hunger satisfied under one roof.
4	Great enexpensive food. Hot sub I had was awesome for just being ham & cheese, cost equal or slightly more than Subway and an inch or two bigger. $7The Fried Mushrooms and Zuc is also good and a great portion for $5 each.  Will eventually try the pizza and another sub, wings or even a calzone.The place ain't nothing fancy but they offer a couple of tables should you need to eat thereThey'll also deliver if spend $11 Which covers all pizza orders or a sub with fries.
5	a hidden gem of a pizzeria.... everything is good!  try the ravioli w chicken.. and the pizza is damn good too.  ive been eating at tessios since it was tc luigis, and IVE NEVER had a bad meal here. ever...just had it two days ago, i eat here usually once a week, if not more.  a neighborhood institution!!!!
4	I have had the steak & Mushroom hot sub. Very good and Oh so cheesy! (Reheated well for lunch the following day)I have had the Gyro. Pretty good but needed more sauce.I have had home delivery pretty quick but now it's $2Iremain a fan as I work way around the menu.
4	Wings were outstanding. Lots of meat, still had some crisp to them even after pick-up, sauce was pretty flavorful for medium.Pizza was good, a bit on the salty and greasy side. Good for the "drunchies."
5	How have i not reviewed Tessios yet?!We live in the neighborhood, so we frequently get sandwiches or a pie delivered. Some Tessios Faves: their white pie, a pie w/ italian sausage, their antipasta salad, and their ham and cheese sandwich (be sure to ask for italian dressing on the side). Theyre quick and reliable and oh so delicious.
3	Called in my order and had a coupon in College Times for $9.99 large one-topping and 1 liter of soda. The pizza was decent, not in top 10 though, but was foldable and was worth the money. It did better when it was reheated also. Also added a large salad with Italian dressing which was probably made in the morning, but everything was still fresh (a few cukes, tomatoes and lettuce). Slice of Sicily better, but with coupon, this pie is worthy if your in the area.
5	Awesome place for wings and pizza!  Fast delivery times every time.
4	Tessio's is the greasy chessy pizza you die for when thinking of pizza We love this place they cook our pizza right and the Wings are the best.. The pizza is full of flavor..Price is reasonable when ordering the pizza and wings special its cheaper than others..
2	First time I ordered from Tessios I was pleased. The pizza was hot, the crust was great and the toppings were tasty. I just ordered a second time from Tessios and ended up paying 24 dollars for a medium pizza that was very disappointing. It tasted and looked like a microwave pizza that gets wilted and chewy if you don't eat it right away. Very little sauce, skimpy on the toppings and the dough tasted like frozen dough. The left overs were tossed. And I tossed Tessios too.
1	I dont know how everyone is giving this place a good review. My friends and I ordered a bunch of food to-go. when I got there, I watched a guy who had to be on drugs, making my salad without gloves. Thats the first wow moment. When I got home the food was awful. Of coarse I threw away the salad. The spaghetti and meatballs looked something out of a can. Oh and the meatballs were changing colors. The wings tasted like crap. And the pizza, well when you have pizza in your name, you should be able to produce something that people can eat. I would not recommend eating here unless they change management.
4	I have been eating Tessio's for years and it is Awesome. The place is definitely a dive, delivery or take-out only. They have like one table, a couple of chairs and a counter...That's it. The Pizza is always good... a little greasy, but good. I typically get a large two topping Pizza and couple of dozen wings for $22-$24. Make sure to ask for specials before ordering.
5	Best wings in Tempe!
1	I've had pizza from this place before and it was good but my recent experience was not.  I ordered a pizza for delivery and, after waiting over an hour gave them a call.  After a few phone calls and speaking to various employees they claimed the pizza was delivered to somebody at the pool at my complex.  There was nobody at the pool and even if somebody else had taken the pizza, we weren't offered anything in the way of compensation or even a rush on a new pizza.  Definitely will not be ordering from them again.
5	Hands down best pizza and wings in the valley. Although we are outside of the delivery area, we are constantly stopping by Tessio's when in the Tempe area for ASU baseball games, or coming home from work, to pick up their awesome food. Even the sandwiches are yummyI always go to their award winning website at www.tessiospizza.com to check out their specials - I was unaware, but you can now order EVERYTHING on the menu, right ONLINE for pickup or delivery and pay with credit card! Way cool.Sure there are only 2 tables inside with about 8 chairs, but sometimes its fun to eat there, and people watch. Take the food to go or have it delivered if you think there is a sit down dining room, because Keep up the great work Tessio's - We are customers for life!
4	Don't judge a book by it's cover here... the only signage is "pizza" out front... and there's only two small tables with some plastic chairs inside and I wouldn't recommend eating there just because of the traffic of people coming in and out and waiting for food..    There's just a big counter when you walk in and the guys are just working away. First off... WINGS ARE FANTASTIC... they're meaty and the sauces are great and whatever rub they use on them are just really good even w/o dipping sauces in my opinion.Breaded mushrooms ftw... so good and a great compliment to any takeout order.Never had the pizza yet but from what I hear that's great too.Best thing too... they're open LATE, which I get off work late and most places are closed so... sucks for me but I can always call in and pick up and i'm good to go.Little local hole in the wall with great food. Do it.
1	This is only good pizza to people who have never had good pizza.  And comparing it to NY Style is a laugh.  But not 'ha ha' if you actually pay their prices and are expecting NY Style.  The crust was plain, lifeless and doughy.  The toppings seem ordinary at best.  The mozzarella was pasty.   And I don't know why but the toppings didn't stay on the pizza... never experienced that before maybe the pasty mozzarella didn't want to let go of its buddy on the next slice.We had a vegetarian and a pepperoni so can't speak to the other food such as wings or sandwiches but it's called Tessio's Pizza and that was only slightly better than corporate pizza.  The veggie was better tasting than the pepperoni and I'm not a vegetarian.  The service is what I expect from a busy NY Style pizzeria but they seemed more confused than busy and trying to be smart assed instead of helpful.  Make jokes after you give me everything I'm there for.
1	The delivery guy got lost on the way to our place but he was friendly. Mostly, the pizza arrived  very late, they got our order wrong (mozzarella cheese sticks instead of cheesy bread that we ordered), and the pizza dough was undercooked at the bottom, tasted  very bad at the top of the crust, and the cheese was incredibly soupy & oily. Thank you but no thank you.
1	I usually hate giving bad reviews but this was the worst delivery experience I have ever had. The food arrived 40 minutes late, something I could definitely ignore, especially on a Saturday night but it took almost two hours to get my food from the time in which I ordered it. The food was cold and I found two hairs in the wings. I also thought the pizza was terrible, I ended up throwing it all out. Had only one or two things gone wrong, I would give them another chance but the hair in my food was absolutely unforgivable. Don't waste your money, Tempe has a lot of really good pizza places.
4	Fast delivery! Was told 45 min. And it got to me in 25min. That was great! Wings where good! Pizza ok! Not too bad
4	I'm seeing a lot of bad review for Tessio's but I really like it!When it comes to non-gourmet pizza-by-the-slice this is my favorite place that delivers. I usually get the white pizza with sausage but I really like it because they serve the white pizza with a small serving of marinara sauce to dip your pizza in. The service is young and fun and I have often had conversations with the staff during the wait for my food.Additionally, I have been on a huge Philly cheese steak fix. Their's really no comparison to Philadelphia Sandwich Co or capriotti's but I really like the greasy, oily take they have on it. It comes with provolone cheese but I always ask for american cheese because in my mind it's a bit more authentic haha.Also, it's right next door to Taste of Tops so you can grab some delicious craft brews.
2	At this point, would suggest Spinato's or even Mellow Mushroom first.  The place is okay, but the quality is uneven to say it lightly.
5	I had no idea this place existed until I was searching for a place while driving around late at night. There they were, all lit up. I walked in and the guy was super friendly, pizza was quick. I ordered the greek, and it's delicious!
2	This review is more for the service than the pizza, the food gets 5 stars no doubt about it, but don't use their online ordering system!!! They aren't the most on the ball pizza shop in the first place, but stoners need a job too, so I'm ok with that. But I placed a delivery order with their website and it said it would be at my house in 45 minutes, after 2 hours of waiting i called and they hadn't even started making it, or didn't even know about it. Then the guy who answered the phone was glad when I canceled the order, he said "oh good, good", I guess the movie they were watching that night was pretty good. Then getting a refund is another problem. They use a third party for the transaction, and they have been less than helpful, I'm going on the 8th day since the order and still haven't gotten my refund. Call it in!!!!
1	The sauce was good.The pizza crust was soggy with grease due to the over abundance of bright orange cheese. gross!The pizza was disgustingly salty.I ate 1 slice and threw the rest out. Don't waste your money!Go to Grimaldi's, they have the best pizza in the valley.
5	This is a great no-nonsense pizza joint.  I've gotten delivery from them through Grubhub a bunch of times.  The best way to cure a hangover is the Arizona Philly Cheesesteak. The pizza by the slice is great too. The quality exceeds the pricing and the delivery guy is quick.
5	I was so surprised at how good this place is. It's pricier than I expected but damn good so it's worth it. Last time my pizza wasn't cut so that was odd but was still oh so tasty. Ok I'm gonna go order from them now. Kbye.
5	We order Tessios for the office about every other week.I must say the pizza really is good. Not as good as where I grew up but it is good.I have never had a problem with any of the food ever and the Gyro meet with Mushroom is unbeatable.
1	Even if I was insanely drunk, I couldn't force this pizza down. I ordered the New York style stuffed pizza with veggies and breadsticks with marinara sauce. I was able to eat the breadsticks, which were only half decent, but the pizza? You know, the food this restaurant is named for? It sucked ASS. I could only finish one slice drenched in marinara sauce, then I had to try handing the pizza off to someone else. Except no one wanted it. So, it went in the trash. It was a waste of $20, and the only reason I gave this place a chance was because I wanted a delivery of stuffed pizza and was too lazy to walk down the street to get real stuffed pizza. I'm not sure how their regular pizza is, but they seriously need to improve quality control on the product I ordered. Blech.
5	Love this place! Great deals and great food. Customer service here is good well. Its hidden so glad I found this place.
4	One of my favorite places to grab a slice before a show. Pretty close to NY style.
4	This li'l hole in the wall loc8ed in a shopping plaza is somewhat of a diamond in the rough. They do have a tiny section in front w/ a couple of plain tables & chairs in case u want 2 eat there (no decor), but it's really known more 4 Delivery & take out (like PJ's but different style).   Have ordered their Awesome WHITE PIZZA & Scrumptious SPANIKOPITAS Countless Xs, as well as their Veggie Cold Sub, the Vegetarian Stuffed & Pesto pizzas, fried Mushrooms, Zucchini & Greek salad on occasion. They also have Amazing BAKLAVA, NY cheesecake, & Chocol8 Fudge Cake 4 desserts (all delectable depending on ur palate's mood).   There's only 1 particular time the order was wrong & nothing was done or even offered 2 correct it, so my friend  justifiably disputed some of the charges w/ his bank, hence the 4 instead of 5* r8ing. Un42n8ly I think it was a case of the preparer that evening hitting the reefer a li'l 2 much, so they really didn't care until they must have heard an earful when the reversal was discovered.   Then they tried 2 blacklist my friend 4 any future orders which was REDICULOUS as the only reason some of the charges were disputed & then reversed by his bank was due 2 the screw~up + apathetic crappy attitude from the pothead(s) that time. Not 2 mention, was ineffective as I'd just place orders from my place using my card instead 4 Deliveries or do a pick~up if I was out~n~about running errands etc so hopefully THEY learned the necessary lesson &/or eventually made replacements w/ better preppers. All I know is it didn't happen again 42n8ly 4 them because we've given them TONS of Business!!! They weren't gonna keep us from what we luved when THEY messed up once... which is personally a true compliment 2 their White Pizza, Spanikopitas, & Baklava's (our standard order).   Really, I can't slight them 4 more than 1* after all the Xs we've ordered where everything was correct, fresh & the 1derful tasty quality we'd always known them 4, so a Fave they'll remain as long as such continues 2 b the case. It bothers me when a good place can have/get a poor reflection just because of who's working that day or night (which shouldn't matter, nor b the case). So Management (if there is 1) should more closely monitor & "weed" out (pun intended) those who can hurt their biz by doing such while on the clock @ their job...
4	My current favorite. I'll leave room for improvement. White pizza is phenom.
3	I had pizza delivered from Tessio's today for my Phoenix branch (office).  It was basic pizza.  Yes, they were doing the thin crust East Coast thing; however, there was nothing special about this product.  To me it was mediocre pizza.With our pizza we also had some salad.  Salad was lousy and needed help.I don't understand what the big deal is about this place.  Will I order from them again?  Maybe - my folks in Phoenix seem to like it.
4	Just ordered using their online system. Was good and simple and delivery price wasn't too bad.  Driver was really nice and the pizza (Sausage and Pepperoni) was great. Was a little greasy, but makes sense with those toppings. Will order again!
2	Was in town on business for the week and the hotel recommended this place for wings and with their 4.2/5 rating on google I didn't think twice before ordering.....boy was I wrong these wings were horrible idk what kind of sauce they use but whatever it is it is not BBQ all the sauce was soup at the bottom of the container horrible
5	I just ordered a slice of cheese pizza and an order of the cheese ravioli. I've literally never gone out of my way to get back online and post a review but this one is absolutely worth it. Food was delivered on time, was hot and now that I'm stuffing my face, I'm finding it to be ridiculously good. YAY!
