5	Milk Chocolate bar, 0.38 (I bought TEN!) Ginger Peach tea bags, 1.95Blackberry tea bags, 1.95Choco Covered Espresso Beans, 2.98oh why oh why oh why don't we have one of these here yet in SF?This place is a reasonably priced, environmentally conscious parallel to Whole Paycheck. They have a 'self check out' system which actually *works* (believe me, i had my doubts) and the staff was really quite helpful. OH! and though I didn't get a chance to try it: Big Kahuna Chardonnay, 1.98. It's their version of "two buck chuck"- let's see if that gets the same accolades as Charles Shaw... only time will tell! Their prices on OTC medications and the daily staples are actually quite reasonable. (As much as I love TJs, my patience with the ones in SF has been tried... the parking, the lines... unless it's 2PM on a Tuesday, I'll likely avoid TJs in SF these days. )UPDATE! SF *will* be home to a Fresh & Easy! HURRAAAAAAAAAAY             \(^_^)/Beth V of SF! thank you for sharing! *************After years, Bayview will finally get full-service grocery storeJames Temple, Chronicle Staff WriterWednesday, December 12, 2007The world's third-largest retailer plans to open the first full-service grocery store along San Francisco's Third Street corridor, concluding a more than decadelong effort by city officials to expand the impoverished area's food shopping options.Fresh & Easy Neighborhood Market, the aggressively expanding U.S. division of British-based Tesco PLC, has signed an agreement to buy the 15,000-square-foot retail space of a condominium project from co-developers Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Noteware Development, said Roberto Munoz, the company's neighborhood affairs manager. The 360-unit project is located at 5800 Third St., a former Coca-Cola factory.Eagerly waiting for them to *open*  *open* *open*
5	I love this little grocery store.  It has mostly more natural stuff, and some organic stuff, and most made without preservatives/artificial colors and such, though they do carry a lot of regular brands.  Their milk is the best for the price in the area, as it's only $3.89 a gallon and its made without cows that were fed those funky hormones.  Prices overall aren't bad, so I've gone here quite a bit for my grocery shopping, and the staff is very friendly and personable.  Only down side is that it is a bit small, so they don't have a great selection of a lot of things.
5	I saw this little neighborhood store by accident when I was driving down Sliverado Ranch, so I went inside. Parking was excellent- plenty of spaces.  The store is clean with wide aisles, but it is a little small. I buy lots of vegetables and did not see a grand variety there, but what they have is all individually wrapped, clearly priced and in fresh condition. Prices are competitive and the shopping experience is relaxed and unhurried.  I like their prepared food selections such as salads, sandwiches, hummus, salsa, and other items.  Checkout is self-serve via scanners, but usually someone is at the far end bagging your stuff as it travels down the belt, and if you need help with the scanner, a friendly person is generally there to assist.  I haven't had a bad experience there yet!
4	The name says it all!!!  This is a great little grocery store!  Whole Paycheck gets a little expensive sometimes, so its nice to have a place like this with easy options for meals and such.  They have an outstanding take-away section, with ready-made meals (refrigerated, not frozen-however they have frozen ones too).  These are great for those lazy nights - just try not to pay too much attention to the nutritional information, as I did, or it may steer you away if you're health conscious (like me).The produce section is also good.  I love the little bags of veggies for easy snacking!!  And the hummus is oh so yummy!!!  =)  I wish they had a more vast variety of produce, but its adequate!Everything is much fresher than I have bought at Trader Joes, also.  This place is convenient and quick, which I love.  I especially love the ease of checking yourself out - its so fast and EASY!  =)This place will get 5 stars as soon as they start having more health-conscious, and organic options.  Other than that its absolutely fabulous!!  =)I recommend everyone check out this place!
4	Wow!! I want to call this Fresh and Fruity (an Ihop knee-jerk reaction)... I just found this place today and truly, it lives up to its namesake: everything is fresh and it really is easy!  Love the self-check out!  Instant fan here!
5	My favorite grocery store in town. No additives in their brand name food and they now stock the major brands as well. Awesome meats, and desserts as well.
5	This location is not to far from my house and i just so happened to need a few things for the week and instead of going to Albertans or smiths I decided to check out Fresh and Easy. I have to say i was pretty impressed. They have  a large selection of organic goods and hard to find health foods that can only be found a places like the higher priced whole foods. I will be back here for things like organic fruits and veggies as well as the amazing selection of teas that they offer. Also, for you folks that don't like to cook or lack the ability they have meals that are precooked and packaged daily and are put out for purchase listing all the nutritional info.. If you haven't been here and are ever in the need of anything check this place out, it is worth giving it a try.
5	i have lived in las vegas for about two weeks now, and this place is heaven. the prices are fantastic, sandwiches are great for 'grab n go'. their microwave meals are top notch.......and just this morning.......i went and got some turkey bacon, eggs, and potatoes all for $4.98. this will last me for 3 morning meals.none of the other grocery stores in this area impress me, and they never have. so, goodbye LA and trader joe's crowded lines. hello las vegas and fresh and easy........ps- they have much more than. but go and investigate for yourself.........
3	Man, when Fresh and Easy first started popping up around this area, I was in love with this store. After a while, I just started noticing things that were just below the quality of things I wanted to spend my money on.Their prices are cheap for produce and other things.. but I notice that their stuff are either almost expired.. or expired. We got a jar of fresh and easy brand mayo and I swear, not even a month later, there was mold. Mayo usually last almost forever! I bought a pack of activia yogurt, and although I should have checked the expiration there, I noticed when I got home that it was already expired!!The produce to me, seems cheap in their ads, but once you get there and look at it, they look either really small or not fresh at all. I would much rather drive across town or up Pecos to Sunflower Market. Their meats and seafood look so blah.The only thing that I absolutely love.. is their chicken tortilla soup! It is so creamy and spicy! They used to have a permanent sale of 2 for $5 but I think they discontinued it and its priced at $2.99 or $3.99? Their frozen foods are okay. I tried their frozen dim sum and its not the greatest in taste.
4	The closest F&E to me, and I really like it. It's not perfect, mind you- I don't get all my shopping done here, but what they do well, they kick ass on.Premade meals are excellent. Got the lasagna and was very surprised how tasty it was. I've bought steaks there once and they were tender and tasty. Their baked goods/housemade desserts are EXCELLENT. Snickerdoodle cookies are awesome, no fake Crisco taste to them like so many places have. Their tiramisu is to die for! They have 2 sizes, a small tub perfect for 2 servings or a small cake. Totally addictive!The dried fruits and nuts are good and priced affordably.They won't beat out Trader Joes, but they are still great, and worth the trip!
4	This is the market I shop at most..other than Smiths. I love this F&F. The staff is always helpful if I have a question about something or need something marked down cuz it expires that day.I love that they discount daily. It makes it easy to decide what to make for dinner when you score cheap lamb chops, etc.They have a great little wine selection and I just love the lemon bars!!I also like how they have family parking spots right in front..so I can zip in with my baby without dodging traffic.For that they get 5 stars!
5	I should start by saying that I hate typical grocery stores. I find absolutely nothing enticing about grocery shopping. Typical grocery stores always seem overwhelming to me. And I always inevitably forget several items. And that is exactly why I love Fresh & Easy.Not only is Fresh & Easy relatively cheap, it is small and easy to navigate. (And they're all about being green / enviro-friendly. So big props for that.) - The aisles are laid out perfectly.- The produce is better than most every other grocery store.- There's a good beer & wine selection.- The Fresh & Easy brand is pretty great.- I get a kick out of doing the self check-out. (It takes me back to a little kid pretending to be a check-out cashier girl. Hey, it's the little things in life.)I especially love the Fresh & Easy brand salad dressings and the super-cheap sale section of items that are about to expire. (When hunting for something to make for dinner that night, it's a great little spot of excellent finds.)Fresh & Easy really is fresh and easy. Yes, everything in here must be used almost right away (short self-life / very soon expiration dates), but that's not necessarily a bad thing. I love making little grocery shopping trips here.
5	This store is the best thing to happen to grocery stores. A small store with all the stuff you really need from the grocery store at great prices. most things you buy here are natural, organics are readily available and easy to find. They also do not bend you over for the organics like all the other specialty stores. The wife and I love this place and hardly ever stray from buying all our food here. It also helps it is right around the corner from our house. Check it out!
4	i like it because it is close to the house. i like it because it is quick and very easy. i like the self check out. my 2 frustrations... 1 - produce seems to go bad quicker than other stores and 2 - limited selections on certain items. love the fact that they have coupons - just because...
4	I didn't find out about this particular chain until I moved to Las Vegas 1.5 years ago.  Even then, I was hesitant to try it.  When I did go, I was pleasantly surprised.  This is the first one I've been to, and since then I've checked out about 4-5 others (generally the same selection, but not all the time).Pros:-coupons (the email ones are better than the circulars, but a discount is generally better than no discount, right?)-discounted items (the items that aren't sold by the "display until date") vary by day and are generally a good buy--few exceptions, though-the staff is always courteous and helpful-always quite clean and generally have samples -easy to navigate around the aisles and the store (not very hard to find what you're looking for)-they carry PURE PROTEIN products (I've had problems trying to find the cans, but they have 3 different varieties here)Cons:-lack of variety with some of the pre-made entrees (I realize that this is hard to do, given that they make the entrees fresh and ship them for distribution, but it's still an issue for me)-semi-limited selection of items (they have the basics, but not everything)-some of the produce that I've purchased here (full price) has gone bad a bit quicker in comparison to other placesIn my opinion, Fresh and Easy is giving Whole Foods, Trader Joe's, and Sunflower Market (to name a few) some competition, though. I like the concept and all that Fresh and Easy is trying for, and it's too bad that they had to close down some of the locations.  When they did have to close down the other stores, I was able to get a bunch of $5 off $20 coupons (expiring November and December of 2010).  Now that was reason enough to check it out.All in all, I enjoy shopping here, but I do realize that I can't buy everything that I need when I shop at Fresh and Easy.
4	Fresh and Easy is the easiest place to go grocery shopping. I normally hate grocery shopping! But it's so much easier going here. It's small and convenient. Prices are really reasonable. Food is always fresh. I like their samples. I've gotten some really good meal ideas there. Produce is fresh. Most of their food doesn't have preservatives. I really like the self checkout...makes for shorter lines, if any. It's always easy to get in and out with what you need there. Try the Fresh and Easy gourmet mac and cheese.....spectacular!
5	Ahhh Man, We are out of chicken, Wait we also need some Vegetables and I really feel like some awesome Chicken Tortilla Soup. Come on where are we going to get all of this... FRESH AND EASY that's where. As I mentioned in one of my other reviews of this place it is really close to our house and when we are in need of something quick and easy that just so happens to also be fresh and easy we go here. The meat selection is Large and Fresh, You don't see the slabs of meat that are covered in huge layers of fat or look like it has been sitting in the refrigerated section for weeks. Not only is it Very Fresh meat but the price is ridiculously awesome. Fresh and Easy makes it easy to purchase Fresh and nutritious foods and not be bothered by isle after isle of unnecessary crap!! Thank you fresh and easy for staying Fresh....and Easy!
5	Low prices, high quality and good selection (for size of the store) - everything I can ask for in a grocery store. I always forget the $5 off coupons that come with their circular, but their regular prices are great anyway. The majority of their products are fresh & easy brand, but they've started expanding into other name brand dry and canned goods the past couple years. They have a lot of random items I haven't seen at other stores like fat free coconut milk, organic almond milk for the same price as almond breeze, brown sauce (British condiment), hot dogs w natural casing. I've never tried any, but they have a huge selection of cooked meals that just need heating. But it all looks pretty good. Its a great place to just run in and grab something. There's rarely a line since its all self check out with people there actively helping unlike most places where they just stare at you. They have reserved parking up front for ppl w kids, and hybrids as well as handicapped. Um I'll admit to having used the hybrid parking a free times - everybody else does it! Weird that they have hybrid parking but no option of paper bags.
3	Fresh & Easy is one of those places where it is hit or miss. Sometimes the produce are good quality, but I have also wandered through without picking up anything.  Although F&E might not have the best selections all the time, I like some of the harder to find items. Key limes are priced at .99 and can be found throughout the summer. I am a huge fan and will be coming in often to pick up a bag to play around with.
3	Checked it out. Its ok, fresh organic food is always great but price is a bit more than china town where produce is larger, just as fresh (still has dirt on it!) waaay more variety and cheaper. Ok if its close to you.
4	I love this one... its always clean.. great support and the checkouts work. I love going to this store - you don't have all the long checkouts like bigger stores and I can find some of my Aussy and English foods from Home. The five dollar discounts every $25 is always cool as well.
5	When we arrived to Las Vegas two things were of prime, immediate need; milk and alcohol.When combined these two items don't make for a good time but purchased and consumed separately, we got our Vegas week started! Our tyke enjoyed his organic vitamin D milk via sippy cup, dad his brews and a nice glass of wine for moi. Note: In addition, a great place to pick up pantry items like fruit and raw almonds to fuel you throughout the day.
5	This store is near my home and always has what I need. I love their Fresh & Easy products and the pre-made meals which make great lunches at work. Customer service is good.
5	Super awesome. That's all I can say (:
5	We've been going to Fresh and Easy, particularly this location on Silverado Ranch, ever since it opened.  Love it!  We always manage to get our grocery shopping within 20 minutes when we go here, which is really awesome for us since we're always short on time.   They have awesome coupons.  Love the coupons!  We always try to double up and ask around for extra.  You can use up to three coupons in one transaction, so with the 5 dollar off 25 dollar coupons.. if you have a bill of 75 dollars, you can get 15 dollars off (if you have 3 coupons that is!)The shelved stuff might be a bit more expensive than other places like Wal-Mart, but their produce, in my opinion, is pretty cheap.  They always got great sales going on.  What I love about Fresh and Easy is that all their stuff is pre-packaged with a skew number which makes checking out (self-check out only) a breeze.  It's easy to navigate and has mostly everything that you would need.Their Fresh and Easy brands are also really good.  No generic feeling food here.  We also like getting their readymade meals when we feel lazy.  Everything is quality!  Don't forget to swing by the discounted section for super cheap food that's still good.
5	Great customer service and amazing products at good prices!
2	This store is slipping. I loved the convenience of being able to walk here and have a great selection of produce, meats, wines and everything in between. Lately, however, I have had two instances in a span of a week and a half where they were selling items that were bad or expired. First was yogurt on which I happened to glance at the expiration date and see it had expired a MONTH before. Most recent was last night -- I was picking the ravioli they had displayed up front for "dinner ideas" when I spotted one that was moldy and green. It was disgusting. I brought it to one of the associate's attention who just nonchalantly took it, said thanks in a very meh fashion and walked off. Series of these incidents and seeming disregard by the employees is enough to nudge me back to Trader Joe's. I really am saddened that with growing popularity Fresh & Easy has started slipping in service and in quality.
4	This is the only place excep for Whole Foods that I can find organic almond milk. Also will pick up a little bit of grub if something looks good in the discounted section
1	Tonight is the 3rd time in one year I purchased bad meat from them.  Spending $70 and having nothing to eat because the meat was bad AGAIN!  I would rather shop at Whole Foods and get quality.  Even Winco that is much cheaper than Fresh and Easy doesn't try to deceive the customer by placing the bad meat face down in the package so you find out when you get home and it's too late.  When I called their number to complain and cancel my card, they didn't say a word. They don't care that the meat was green and black, but I do.  The streaks in the center was not fit for consumption and the smell....not fresh, not easy.  I will NEVER shop at any Fresh and Easy EVER AGAIN!  Disgusting!  I have pictures of the meat to prove it!
5	My go to F&E. What isn't to love about F&E. U can't get all your food here that u need but what they do have is great. Awesome staff and store is always nice and clean.
4	I love this store for quick visits to stock up on some things I need like produce.  I don't like to shop here for all of my grocery needs though.  Their prices are fair and they have a good selection of meats and produce.  They also have alot of ready to cook meals which are great for if you are in a hurry.  I just wish that they were a little healthier.
5	I love F&E, fresh food for very fair prices!!! I LOVE the Half off section! I once got 3 weeks worth of food for $23 just shopping at the half off section.
4	Love, love, love this place.  Great prepared meals for when I am getting home late and don't feel like making a meal, I pull up in here and grab something great and head home, ten minutes later I am eating something tasty and healthy.  Super cheap prices on nmost everything but great fish prices.
5	Specialty products at cheap prices you can't beat this!
5	I love there frozen corn on the cob. Also I'm pretty frugal...I found some wine there that's very inexpensive.  I bought 4 of them, and so far, yep I'm checking them out as I'm typing this, I like 2 out of 3 of them.  And the wine is only $2.99. o I will be stocking up on this wine.  I will post a pic.  Also, they have a fabulous clearance rack for food!  Yep I said it!  It's a great way to try something they carry, and a cheaper price.   Now don't go and buy all your food for the month off the clearance rack,  they are almost expired O_o
4	Yes I am a regular at this location now since I recently relocated to this side of town.    Much prefer this store over wal-mart and Albertsons. 97.87624 ! of things are cheaper, and fresher.. the organic veggies and fruits tend to be less expensive than say. Vons, yikes. Pretty attentive staff, if I go in and get a basket full they bag it for me which can be a big help as I am scanning my coupons from my phone and taking probably more time the necessary.Usually greeted upon arrival. asked if needing help to find anything. and most of the workers are happy.not MR.GRUMPY GILLS! sign up for the Friends card. -- its a rewards card, tracks your spending and what you buy regularly, sends you personalized coupons and once reaching X AMT of points you get cash back, now how cool is that.
5	This is my go to market.  Fresh food, easy to shop. Go go go and support your neighborhood market!!
4	Since the price of Albertson where I used to shop is going way up these days so I figured I should give this a try and I LIKE it!  What's good about it?  First, it gives me $5 off $25 purchase and $10 off $50 purchase everyweek (so far been 1 month); Second, it creates personalized coupons based on what I buy even veggies and meat!  Third, each week they has coupon for getting extra points on some products - just load it up on the internet, that way you get your rewards growing faster.  What's more is it gave me incentives(Friends rewards), I have gotten 12 dollars already and I've only shop there for less than 5 times.  Love seeing the total goes down with all my manufacturer coupons and their store coupons!(so proud hehe)The only con is they don't carry a lot of brand so I sometimes need to go to Target to finish my list and the popular brands/household products are relatively more expensive which is ok, just finish your list at the competitive store.So what I would suggest is get the fresh meat and fruit at this store, get the household stuff at the competitive store.
4	I love going to  Fresh & Easy! it is so conveniently located to my condo! They have a great selection of products and great prices! They always have a great selection of fresh produce and a variety of yummy and freshly prepared options!  When you use the friends reward card they send you coupons/discounts that specifically apply to items you usually purchase as well as earning points that can convert to store credit... totally an easy program! (and you can use it all via a mobile app too!) Definitely a great place to shop!
4	I really like this location, and not just because it's close to my house The produce is usually in pretty condition, staff is always friendly. I love the Roasted Red Pepper hummus, and guacamole/avocado dip. Some of my other favorite things are: Moroccan Mint Iced tea, Ahi Tuna Steak, and Carne Asada for grilling. I'll add to this as I remember more of my favorites.
4	I don't shop here often.  When I do its because they have a few items that I have not been able to find at other grocery stores in the area. Will continue to return
4	I really love coming here for cheap and easy produce and great pieces of meat. Its small so it will be easy to navigate through the isles. Look out for good coupons in the mail to cut down your costs by up to $6.
5	My go-to grocery store. Everything is always easy to find in this store & the prices are great. I love the coupons ($5 off $20) and the "Friends" reward program saves me even more. The staff is always friendly and helpful.
4	I love their single sized grab and go options. Perfect for snacks, lunch, dinner, anytime. And they have lots of veggie and fruit options so you can be healthy.
2	Went into this F&E this evening and a lady told a f&e employee that one of the meats packaged was very old. He just walked by her and said well don't buy it then. there were about 5 customers  and all of our mouths just dropped:0 The lady was very respectful at his comment and said that was a weird response. I said that was rude!  I think another customer went to report it to the manager. Smh!
4	Went into this F&E this evening and a lady told a f&e employee that one of the meats packaged was very old. He just walked by her and said well don't buy it then. there were about 5 customers  and all of our mouths just dropped:0 The lady was very respectful at his comment and said that was a weird response. I said that was rude!  I think another customer went to report it to the manager. Smh!Update! F&e responded to my help review.  That was fast! Thanks f&e. Your market is still the best market to shop at.
1	Since the new owners took over they things have gone downhill fast.  They deleted coupons.  They stopped having sales.  Half the people who worked there are gone.  Prices are way up.  You can do better.
4	Great location convenient to my home.  Nice for a quick meal. They have good fruit and the food is fresh.  Love the pre made meals.
2	They now have driven off a customer who used to rave about them to shop at Trader Joe's instead. Rude associates, management is a joke, selling outdated food and hassling me when I just wanted an exchange. Since changing ownership, everything I used to love about this chain is gone. ONE day use "Made for You" coupons (instead of a week or two), shifting the recipes of some of the best foods to sweeter/artificial tastes, and over priced.
1	there's no reason to shop here anymore since they get rid of the big coupons ($5 off $25, $15 of $70 etc) while the products is expired and has gone over priced.  I could just shop at Albertson in this case with more selection.  Bye Fresh and Easy.
1	What happened to this place??? Best prices and value in the city.. Gone.. How do you raise prices on average food quality?
4	Short and sweet:This is my favorite store! Bread, cheese, meat, fish, vegetables, salads, fruit, etc. a great selection and many European style foods! I love it! And compliments to the staff! The staff here is always very friendly and helpful! I love going to Fresh & Easy at Silverado Ranch! The store is pretty small - that means I can go in and leave 15 minutes later with every thing I need! I love that shopping experience!
2	Since the owner of f and e has changed.The price is very high. We can' t afford it.The one of reason I loved to go there is price.But now I don't like the prices they upgraded. 24 hours is very good idea tho.Every f and e has some friendly employees.They are so nice.
1	Astronomically priced, poor quality food. Terrible selection. It was completely empty when I went in, it's no wonder. Never again!
5	I love this place. Carries a lot of things I like for a small grocery store. The only thing i would change is the prices...but when you're paying for quality you can't compromise. Just some of my favorite things to get:Pumpkin CookiesSaladsSalmonHerb seasoning (grinder)Premade meals
4	The renovations look great, but where is the Big Kahuna??? That was my favorite wine !!
2	Boo. I loathe the remodel. It's like they stripped away so many of my favorite things about F&E. Very sad. The aisles are all funky now. It seems like there are fewer cost-saving deals. And it seems like there are fewer items available. The produce section has taken a major nosedive. The staff have taken a major nosedive too. They look sloppy and are seriously inattentive and unhelpful. And the self-checkout is now a circle of hell. There is an error/warning message/beep with EVERY single item I scan now! Every single one! It takes me longer to checkout than it does to shop. The bagging area after scanning is set to WAY too hyper sensitive. My favorite grocery store has plummeted. Boo.
1	We bought two of the new Chef's dinners from Fresh & Easy and found them almost inedible because of the amount of salt used. 47% !!! This not only tastes terrible it's unhealthy. And then there was the amount of sauce dumped on the Chicken Marsala, YUCK! Pass on these meals unless you want to have a heart attack. So disappointing, the commercials were enticing but the food is disgusting. Never again!
