5	This is an awesome stationary, gift, knick-knack store.  This is the place to go for fun cards and dirty party favors.  I also love their selection of candles and bath stuff, and their book collection.  The attached furniture store, P.S. Home has great stuff but it can be expensive.
5	This is where I go when I need to send a pick-me-up gift to a friend from out of town.  There are so many funny gifts and cards in here... they have a little of everything.  A definite adequate selection of moderately dirty books and edibles, too, which is just the kind of stuff a sad girlfriend needs to make her laugh!  I think it has gotten Best Gift Store by Creative Loafing for several years in a row, too!
5	It's like the modern funky stuff at Target only even more so concentrated in 2000 square feet.  If you have an eclectic friend you are looking to buy a small unique gift for, check this place out.  And it's a great spot for an afternoon date or just to browse in general after coffee.  They also have cook books on outdoor grilling, bar-ware, and a men's grooming products section.  Dudes shop too you know...
5	Looking for something unique that you don't find everywhere already? You'll be hard-pressed not to walk out of Paper Skyscraper without something in your hand. From gift wrap to gift bags to greeting cards to photo albums to journals to nostalgic toys to games to candles to home books to the latest bestsellers to unique music to bath and body products to office fun to vases to travel books to purses to jewelry to tea sets to chocolates to kitchenware to wine glasses to bar items to clocks to lamps to wall decor and more, you'll find yourself spending quite a long time just looking at everything! And with new merchandise continously rolling in, you need to go back every week just to see what's new. Do yourself a favor and stop by this Charlotte treasure.
5	A Charlotte gem. Walking into Paper Skyscraper, you feel like you're in a small town card and gift store, except not. PS is classy. This hot little shop has a complete library of new and classic books, knick knacks, the best card selection you will find in town, and great paper to wrap your gifts (even the ones you buy for yourself because you will find something for yourself here among the toys, jewelry, kitchen items, chocolates, journals, etc...). Plus, there's a naughty little section with wonderful scented massage oils and other "behind closed door" activities. One warning, don't expect to be in and out--I often find hours disappear as I wonder through.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! I don't even know where to start. If you have a unique gift to buy, need a funky item for your home, a gift card, a book, or simply have an hour or two to kill, you MUST check this place out. They have a large book selection on several topics, a ton of stationery, and just a large selection of randomness like naughty games and gadgets, candles, pocketbooks and wallets, funny pins and magnets, off-beat bridal gifts and the like. Great place to shop for a gift for people with a good sense of humor. Among the items in my goodybag I walked out with: 2 books by Eckheart Tolle, a set of cow kitchen magnets for my fridge, a pin that says "Beer: it's what's for dinner", and a card for my friend's wedding that reads on the inside: "No matter what anyone says, I don't think either of you settled". Awesome.
4	Any kind of strange and wacky gift you could possibly want can be found here.  They have a huge selection of questionable greeting cards, and books to satisfy any taste.  Not to mention the toys, candles, body products, and even kitchen supplies.  This is one fun place to kill some time and walk out with some cool stuff.
5	I wasn't sure what to expect from Paper Skyscraper, but I loved this place & can't wait to go back. if you're looking for any type of unique gift or just looking to peruse for yourself, this place has it all. At 1st, I thought this place was going to have stuff thrown all over the place like other stores with unique & strange gifts. But this store was very organized, not cluttered, & very bright & clean. It was a great atmosphere for shopping.I started in the book section, which had some usual books, along with some unusual ones. A lot of their book sections caught my eye & I was surprised at how good the selection met my tastes. Heading into other sections, it gets odder & odder. There are just so many things that intrigued me. I was shocked I hadn't seen some of these things before, they were either really useful or very unique. They have a large greeting cards section, along with toys, games, glassware, & house furnishings.If you're looking for a truly unique or interesting gift for someone else or yourself, then check out Paper Skyscraper. You'll spend a lot of time in here in amazement, checking out every shelf to see what you can find. This place is definitely worth all of the buzz.
4	I'm glad Charlotte has a fun little shop like this one. It's a great place to hunt for gifts for unique friends, and I could spend hours in their annoying the clerks with my window-shopping ways. It's the kind of store where you want to touch everything, pick it all up and coo over it, and then put it down again. They have one of the most interesting book collections in Charlotte, and I think their selection of greeting cards is better than anywhere else. It's all unique stuff, which is refreshing in this Hallmark-drenched area. When 3/4 of your friends are writers, it's hard to find a card that won't make them vomit...but Paper Skyscraper has served me well in the card department. It's kind of a problem, though, that I always end up leaving with something for myself. It's not the best way to go gift shopping!
3	Paper Skyscraper has really cute, unique gift items. As the holidays approach, it's a good place to look for presents. I bought a cool journal there last year and gave it to my sister as a travel journal. (She was about to go on a trip abroad.) Even though I like all their items, it's pretty overwhelming there during Christmas time. The store, which is relatively tiny, was insanely crowded last year with pushy shoppers.
3	I like this place for killing a few hours after grabbing a coffee or finding some weird artifact to put in my house or give as a gift. It's a bit overwhelming though to the point I always end up wasting more time than I really would otherwise for lack of ability to focus. Fun stuff though, everyone should at least check it out.
4	Paper Skyscraper! What's a city to do without a little gift shop with a big attitude? P-S does what it does well. It offers a variety of unique cards, plus gifts, home accessories, and quirky knick-knacks in the $20 - $50 price range. The owners have a keen eye for good design, too, so there's a huge selection of architecture, home, garden, and design-oriented books to browse.Paper Skyscraper is one of those therapeutic gift stores that always plays cool tunes (they sell the CDs), smells good (they have a large selection of upper-end candles), and has at least one gift item to raise your spirits even on the lousiest of gray-weather days. Whether you purchase something or not, you'll find yourself going back to Paper Skyscraper for the good sounds, smells, and sights. It's a cool place you''ll go to shop for a friend, but will inevitably come out with a small, cool,  gift for yourself.
5	This is the coolest little shop I have been to in Charlotte, hands down.  The collection of different stuff is just awesome....books, candles, gag gifts, funny cards, cookbooks, wine glasses, purses...the list goes on and on.  I spent about 30 minutes reading cards with characters from "Where the Wild Things Are" on them and laughing my butt off!  The guy who was working behind the counter even joined me for a little while.  :)If you are looking for something special that doesn't seem generic for any occassion, from bachelorette party to your bosses' birthday, this place will have something for you.  Both times I have purchased gifts there, I have also received a free gift bag and tissue paper.  Can't beat that!
4	I have bought some pretty cool stuff from here. Just a neat place to look around and kill some time if you need to.
5	I always end up staying in here for much longer than I'd planned.  Great cards, books, candles and accessories.  This is a good place to go for gifts because not only can you find something fun for a gift, they have a really good selection of wrapping paper (and cards of course).  I can even find stuff for my hard-to-buy for husband here.  They had a terrific stock of valentine items - I will definitely be back next year for all my valentine stuff.
3	Lots of really neat, unique stuff - but I kind of expected more.  Interesting location and good space and layout.  I've definitely bought a few cards there!
4	The best part about PaperSkyscaper is all of the slightly random items they have.  If you need to pick up a quick hip gift for someone for an office party, a gift exchange or just as a nice thing to do - then head to this place.  It has some great books, items, toys and more.  It is a Charlotte institution!  It is jam packed with stuff so you will need to walk the aisles with care.  I am not petite or delicate and was worried on my first visit I would run into one of the many other shoppers or knock items or displays over.
4	When you don't know what to get for someone, you should stop by Paper Skyscraper. I have to agree with the other reviewers...this store has such fun and unique gifts. They have a wonderful variety of cards as well. While you are shopping for someone else, you can definitely entertain yourself in the process. They have a great variety of notepads, jewelry accessories, key chains, home decor, music, books...just a little of everything fun and whimsical.
3	So, THIS is how we keep the nation of China employed.Winner of Charlotte Magazine's "Best Stylish Gifts Award", as proclaimed by the banner that hangs above the store window, other award categories could include "Items most likely to be resold at a yard sale" or "Most likely to contribute to landfill".In all honestly, this is a one stop shopping mecca for greeting cards, coffee table books, candles, brick-a-brac and other gift items, although to some degree, most of the items are one time use gifts, to be later resold at a yard sale or donated to Goodwill.  One of my favorite items, a book titled "Crap Cars" included such special creations such as the Chevrolet Metro convertible ... and Detroit wonders why the US automotive industry is in trouble.
4	This place is on my go to list when it comes to invitations or cards.  I always end up wandering aimlessly through the store looking at all of the neat "clutter".  Good for gifts, but it is on the more expensive side
4	I like this store a lot. It's kind of like a toned down version of Camerons at the University Mall in Chapel Hill. Lots of interesting stuff. I challenge you to leave without buying something.
4	Paper Skyscraper is the kind of store that you walk into not knowing what it is you may need and walking out with all kinds of treasures. I've gone their looking for bingo tickets and walked out with orange truffle chocolate bars and naughty scratch off cards. They have the best selection of cards in Charlotte.
5	If there's a reason to mail a card, birthday, holiday, or just because, and someone is important enough to get snail mail then I'll stop by PSky for a card. Always. The trouble is that I will go in for one card, and walk out with five because they are so good and I'll have spent at least an additional twenty minutes browsing the rest of the store and, sadly, talking myself out of purchases I didn't come to get. I love this place.
5	Great choices for gifts and cards.  A big plus is that it is unique to Charlotte!
4	This is a really neat shop filled with all sorts of goodies. Books, music, jewelry, gag gifts and more fill the shelves of this shop. There's so much too look at in here. The staff seem friendly and nice. If you're looking for a unique gift at a relatively reasonable price, Paper Skyscraper would be a good place to look. There's also parking in the back if you can't find any in the front of the lot.
5	This is an adorable store. If you are like me and you love paper, journals, knick knacks, cards etc.. this place will entice you. I can spend way too much time and money here. A great gift store and perfect for finding inspiration...
3	One of those places everyone takes peeps from out of town, and I never really got it until recently - I've always called Paper Skyscraper an upscale Spencer's and left it at that. But this Xmas, I ended up spending more time and money here than I ever would have expected, so I can't really talk all that smack. Reasons why:Well designed incidentals that no one really needs, but everyone appreciates (whiskey rocks, felt monster change purses, cubicle games, weird staplers, etc).Tasteful Charlotte-is-cool stuffs (good books, nicely designed mugs).The least cheesy cards you can buy in a store.Beautiful tea sets.So yeah - the wrapping paper is suuuper pricey, and the jewelry is waaay Cabin Creek, but there's a lot of good design and weird random crap here too, which makes for crowd pleasing gifting or shopping no matter who it's for. Plus, the guys who own PS are sweet and awesome. All hail the mighty Tchochke!
5	A great find for those in Charlotte trying to find a well, just about anything - spend time looking around at all of the great books, jewelry, houswares, stationary, cards, toys, and so much more... I always have fun shopping at Paper Skyscraper. I truly can't leave empty handed! Great gifts for that hard to buy for person. Never be bored in life again.
4	This store is easily accessible on East Blvd. on South, and is the best place to shop in Charlotte if you want a gift for someone, but don't know to get them.  Strong, eclectic collection of cards, stationary, books, sculptures, humorous objects, etc.  Also a nice place to browse for a book if you don't know what you want to read.  Friendly helpful staff.
5	Not much more to say about the place, it's great!  Only problem is that you can spend a lot of money here really fast because they carry so much cool random stuff.
5	Need a gift in a pinch? Looking for a HI-larious card for your best friend's birthday? Seeking some fun housewares or travel accessories? Well, then Paper Skyscraper is the place to go. Paper Skyscraper is the perfect spot to drop way too much money on stuff that you never knew you needed. As other reviews have stated - you can find a gift (sentimental or wacky) for the most challenging circumstances. I particularly love the travel section - they have everything from eco-friendly bags to hysterical luggage tags. I'm also a big fan of their handbags and clutches - they offer a wide variety of colors, shapes, sizes, etc. for very affordable prices. I have to also note that the owners are some of the nicest people out there - they are extremely helpful and friendly.If you're seeking a gift or you just want to kill some time while shopping around Dilworth, stop in at Paper Skyscraper - I'm sure you'll stay a while.
5	Unique. Eccentric. Not a chain. One of a kind gifts that will make you laugh. Convenient. Now if only they'd send someone on the floor to help and leave the register counter for a few mins.
5	Five stars because of the variety + creativity. Whether searching for soaps, quirky games, common sense, joke, or unordinary books, erotic fantasy, dog treats, baby/babyshower presents, or you name it stuff, they've got it. The staff is nice, approachable. I broke a frame (accidentally, of course) and he didn't hit me when I brought it to the register and confessed. That was nice too. The place is big. What could've been three large rooms they've decked out kind of maze-like. On a busy day you might be squezzing to get through - and it's worth it. It may keep you busy for a bit unless you know what you want. For the creative at heart and those searching for gifts with wrapping included, this is the place to go.
5	5 stars because Paper Skyscraper always gets me out of that awkward "what on earth do I buy so-and-so" moment. Thank God for Paper Skyscraper. Most of their items are completely unnecessary- but you will find the perfect gift for a co-worker, a bride or anyone else on the long gift giving list.
5	I love, love, love this store!  I will buy greeting cards ONLY here, as they have unique and hilarious selection. They also have all sorts of silly & beautiful thingymajigs & household stuff you don't need but is wonderful to look at and buy if you have the moola!  Super-awesome - go here!
4	Paper Skyscraper is the quirkiest!  I usually don't go overboard about stationary, but this place is the real deal when it comes to small gifts and knick knacks.  I'm always surprised to find trinkets like piggy banks for plastic surgery and divorces, not mention greeting cards that celebrate the most awkward events in life and nostalgic fridge magnets that are less-than-wholesome.  I'm not good at buying gifts, but Paper Skyscraper makes it alot easier.  I always find some item in this store that complements the idiosyncrasies of the person for whom I'm buying a gift.  If you only have a few $$$ to spend on a gift and want something more personable and memorable than a gift card, P.S is the place.  There's something crude, off-kilter, and unique in everyone and this store is the place to indulge those things.
5	What a great place! The perfect place to find a gift and a card, of course. My favorite finds:-Fun book selection-Cute recipe cards-Charlotte souvenirs -Out of the ordinary baby shower giftsMy actual purchase was a great Shiraleah handbag. I could see myself spending way too much money here if I was a local.
5	Paper Skyscraper is a fantastic and fun store. They have a little bit of everything. Everyone that works there are always so helpful and nice. This is a store that when my friends come from out of town, we always take them to shop here. Everyone loves it!
4	Now I have only purchased from this place a handful of times, I have been here many times.  It is a great place for gift shopping for friends or family alike, souvenir shopping, or just killing time in the area.  The first thing you need to know is this is not like most stories, the closest thing to compare it to would be a hallmark.  That is if hallmark sold adult books.  They have a great selection of popular books, Charlotte books, cards, odd toys, wine accessories, travel books, candles, and adult books (such as karma sutra and stuff like that).  It has to much stuff to name.I have purchased candles, wine accessories, and cards here.  The only reason I give it four stars is due to price.  Now don't get me wrong they sell everything at retail or maybe slightly more on some items and slightly less on others.  But I am someone who tries everything in my power not to buy at full price.  They do have sales every now and then that I just love.  So if your in the area or need that gift that stands out and is unique I strongly suggest checking out this Charlotte shopping experience.
3	I went there for a birthday gift for my Mom based on all the fab reviews here. Paper Skyscraper is a fun shop crammed with nifty over-priced gifties. Though I think the fantabulous reviews are based more on it's lack of competition that it's actual awesomeness. My experience of Charlotte is that it does not have many offerings of non-chain stores. If you are looking for something a little off-the-beaten-path, you'll be hard pressed to find something unique or different in the way of selection. However what you will often get, as Paper Skyscraper has in spades, is very friendly, helpful service. For a stocking stuffer or other small gift, go here. Where else you gonna go, the mall?
5	I LOVE Paper Skyscraper!! They have everything you could want from cards, to cooking utensils, to scarves, to handbags, to books, to sex items...you get the picture!! Seriously though I can just walk around in here for a good hour and find soo much stuff that I want!! They have some of the best cards and wrapping paper!! They carry some local art as well which if you have a chance to look at them they are really cool!! I feel bad I can't remember his name but he goes around Charlotte and he paints on the side of the road. He has done a lot of NODA. Sorry I hope that helps. They have great books too!! I just really like this place the people working there are always great and helpful if you need anything!!
5	Great place to find unique gifts.  Awesome selection of candles.  I love Archipelago Candles.  Whenever I need to buy a gift, I now go to Paper Skyscraper.
4	As all the reviews have said...this place has got a little something for everyone. Great cards, small gifts, games, candles, books, etc. A must visit for any birthday or holiday gift. Everything is a little funny and quirky, but surprisingly useful. I'm a fan of the games, cards and food/beverage items. Yes, there is a sex section for all your kama sutra needs...all the flavors you need. I have yet not to buy something on any visit. Make sure to check it out and you'll probably do the same.
5	So, you don't have a clue what to get someone for their birthday?  Yeah, that's me...for every freaking birthday of a friend.  I gave Paper Skyscraper 5/5 stars because even if I don't have a clue as to what to purchase - just browsing gives me ideas.  The store has such a unique, fun and eclectic array of items.  Even if you aren't looking for a gift, it is both interesting and hilarious to walk around!  One night, I didn't pay attention to what time they closed.  I was searching for (of course) a birthday gift.  No one even came up to me to tell me they were closed!!  They just let me walk around until I was done shopping.  I didn't realize I was on "overtime" until they locked the door after me and I glanced at the closing time.Enjoy your time at Paper Skyscraper!  You will be tempted to buy yourself some goodies.
4	If great one of a kind gifts are the things you're looking for then this is the place to get it! Go up and down their aisles and you'll find the right gift I promise, they have you covered from birthdays, gags, and even weddings.
5	You can literally find a gift for EVERY occasion here! Some things are a little pricy, but so worth it!
5	Always find something here that I want for myself or would make a perfect gift for someone I know.  Has a little bit of everything all contained in an inviting store layout.  Truly a gem of the city.  Hallmark be damned!
4	The rest of the reviews pretty much sum it up so I'll gear this one towards the guys.  If you are taking your wife/gf shopping you can always drop in here for a bit and this will easily occupy her for quite sometime.  Women love this place!  I've been here a few times and I always see some interesting novelties although I have yet to make a purchase.  It's a fun store to look around in but probably not one I would go in if I was out by myself.
5	If you're looking for a gift or something for yourself in a fun environment then Paper Skyscraper is for you! They have such a diverse inventoy including everything from children's toys to martini shakers. Their choice of wrapping items like paper and ribbon are the best I've found. I absolutely love their greeting cards. They're not your everyday boring choices. They really cover everything! I purchase all of my stationary needs there because I know my notecards, thank you notes, greeting cards and wrapping paper will be unique and reflect my personality. I've never been let down by their variety of items. Even if you don't need anything, it's fun to just walk around and see what they offer.
4	Well I was expecting lots of stationary when I walked in and what I got was that and a lot of random odds and ends. They have lots of things for impulse buyers. Some cool toys, cards, shirts, candles etc. I ended up buying a moleskine notebook which they have a surprisingly good selection of. Prices are a little more expensive than normal but the employees are friendly, the place has a lot of charm, and there are tons of neat little items to check out!
5	If you can't find a nice something for a nice someone here, well... You have real gift giving issues!  Just take something simple, like a card.  I  spend 30 minutes at Hallmark trying to find something I wouldn't be too embarrassed to give.  I spend the same 30 minutes looking at the Skyscraper but for the totally opposite reason.  There are so many damn good cards, it's too hard to choose.  And thats just the card.  The next 30 minutes go to looking at all the cool, unique, cute and interesting stuff wondering what I want to buy for someone else vs what I want to buy for myself.  By the end of it all, I've generally dropped too much money but leave one happy gift giving SOB...
5	LOVE this place! Great gifts!! Cards variety is awesome. I could laugh for days at one section with humorous cards. Staff is always polite and courteous. Great little shop!
5	Super Cool!  Great Name!  Beautiful Space!  I was introduced to Paper Skyscraper in 2003 shortly after moving to the Charlotte area.  Toys, Gadgets, Magnet Puzzles, Tea Pots, Bags, Cards and Stationary of course!  The owners work there and it shows!My favorite part of the store is the section of Design Books!  Always something exciting, usually playing some cool music... Last time they were playing "Mary Ja ane" by Rick James.   Wish they would have play it today!Find Fred here!
5	I am surprised by the amount of people who haven't even heard of the Paper Skyscraper! Although, I'm sure not many men would find this place as exciting as us women do. ;) I believe Paper Skyscraper originated as a bookstore and evolved into what worked best for them, which is selling a lot of different fun things like stationary, purses, gag gifts, house decor, silverware, candles, hand made jewelry, and much more. It is a smaller store but has a LOT to offer. I like to stop in here when I have free ME time to just browse and I usually end up walking away with something. I swear this place is like Target.. You almost feel guilty if you walk out with nothing! The owners and staff are extremely helpful and friendly. One evening, I unknowingly stayed past closing time getting lost in the fun merchandise and apologized once I realized that I should have been kicked out. One of the owners insisted that I take my time and he was in no rush to close up.. all because I was the only person left! How nice?! I would suggest hitting up this small East Blvd store if you are looking for a unique gift for someone, are looking to spruce up your house with a couple interesting decor items or a new conversational coffee table book. These guys also have a great social media presence, which makes me love them even more. You can follow them on Twitter or Facebook and catch some of the behind the scenes action and get an idea of the personalities of the owners, what they stand for and their pride in being in a part of Charlotte local businesses. Twitter: twitter.com/paperskyscraper Facebook: http://ow.ly/5gIGB
5	Paper Skyscraper is almost like a sight-seeing stop. In a city with antique stores dying out, this mod collection of odds and ends gives you the same fascinating "forrages" without the tetanus shots.Seriously, name a category and there's a section of the store dedicated to it. There's a solid cooking section with appliances and hip cookbooks. I've never seen an architecture section bigger than a few volumes, but interior design dorks will love here. They manage to cater to every possible quirk and taste, and hanging out there is often essential to a trip uptown.My issue with the place is some of the prices for items that look great on the shelf but might be out of place in my home. Nevertheless, it's a challenge to resist buying something. I feel like there's a magnet installed in the store that's attracted to my wallet.If I'm by the East/West Blvd. light rail stop, I almost always swing by the store. That magnetism has a strong pull.
4	I love this place.  The prices are bit much for some things- but you have to keep in mind this is a individually owned shop with goods you won't get at Target or Hallmark.  I love just walking around this store looking at all stuff.  The card selection at Paper Skyscraper is vast and unique.  As well as the gift slection.  For your uber-religious friend, get her a pair of beautiful earrings and a sweet card.  For your friends who loves Gilmore Girls and Sex & the City, there is definetely an immense witty selection of cards and gifts. Stop in, even if to window shop- it's worth the experience.
4	I don't buy a lot of "stuff".  My home is somewhat austere, we've got obligatory photos and framed art on the walls but we don't have much cute "stuff".  But if you know people who do like "stuff" to go on their coffee tables or sconces or credenzas or whatever, stop here.  Lots of coffee table books, candles, items of pure decorative or amusement value.  On the practical side, they sell many greeting cards with unique personalities, for when a generic Hallmarky message won't kick it for your oddball friends or dad with a strange sense of humor.  They also sell lovely thank you notes and blank cards that look pretty.  Of course, as small quirky gift shops go this one is pricewise quite standard - that is to say, a bit pricey.  OH OH!  Don't even bother parking in that health-hazardous lot in front of the building.  There is a lot in the back that is a) a bit more spacious b) not leading into a constant and frustrating flow of traffic that is East boulevard.  Yes, there is a dumpster there but its worth it to me not to have to pull an Austin Powers parking job and wait 10 minutes for a break in the traffic flow.
5	All kinds of everything you need for gifts!!!  The funniest selection of cards (I only buy my holiday cards here - the family knows they will get a laugh when mine comes in the mail!)  Very unique and nostalgic items too.  You will spend a solid hour just wandering around and laughing at the funny and silly items tucked innocently amoung the every-day items.  Hmmm I think I need a Bible which is really just a hiding spot for my flask - perfect for church!  Hmmm I think I could really use an alligator cheese grator...or a pickle bandaid.....maybe a one-sy for my sister's new baby that says 'boob man'.  Hilarious!!!  :-D
5	What's not to say here about Paper Skyscraper.  It's a great place to spend time if you want to waste some time and can't think of anything to do.  I promise you, you could spend a solid hour in here just browsing all the cool quirky items.  Their stock really runs the gambit from greeting cards (that are hilarious by the way) to adult toys and games.  There is also a great selection of historical books on Dilworth and the Charlotte area for those that want to know more about the area they live in.  I know that I will be back to get that hard to find birthday gift for that someone that really has everything already.  I can guarantee you that you will find something they absolutely don't already have here!
5	Where else can you get a neoprene banana holder, a bergamont scented soy candle, and bookends shaped like weenie dogs? PS is the best place in CLT for unique gifts and things you never knew you needed.  The only reason why I don't go often, is because I know I'll walk out at least 50 or 100 dollars poorer.  (Although it's usually on gifts and thing that make me happy. Plus it's a local business so I like to think I'm doing the community a good thing!) I have to agree with some other Yelpers, that PS is a bit pricier than say, Homegoods (yes, I found some silicone ice cube trays in the shape of hearts and jewels for about HALF the price at Homegoods) but the local aspect, and the nicely edited selection make it worth my extra few dollars.
4	I have to agree with the other users; therefore, not too much more to add.Love the staff, they're really friendly. I also love the fact they carry items from the "Fred & Friends" line.Parking can be "interesting", as they share a lot with Thai Taste.I'm happy to purchase things here, since it's a local business.
5	This is the first place I go to look for most of my gifts.  It carries hip and modern things;  some funky - some not.  A wide assortment of cards, gifts, candles, lotions, household, glasses, boxes, ornaments, toys, books, bags, scarves, pictures, frames, ornaments, and an assortment of things you just can't describe.I hate ;) Paperskyscraper because I love their stuff!  It is nearly Impossible to go in there without buying something, though thankfully there are plenty of affordable indulgences so it is possible to splurge without breaking the bank. Be warned though that there are many pricier items to tempt you, often successfully, but you can find unique gifts and cards here and it is always where I start my holiday shopping, or where I go when I need a gift..  (One for me, one for a gift.   One for me, another gift.)  I am a big fan of independent businesses and this is a locally owned store, usually with one or both of the owners there, as well as an occasional spotting of Patsy the Poodle (if you are lucky).
5	Paper Skyscraper is a one-of-a-kind Wonderland for gifts and greeting cards and maybe even a little present for yourself.  I LOVE this place, and you will too.  Think Spencers+Hallmark+Borders+TJMaxx+Etsy but only the good stuff!If you are looking for a gift for someone that you actually give a crap about, this is the place to go.  For her birthday I bought my best friend (who was a secretary at the time) a stress weiner (a hotdog shaped stress ball), a bouquet of hand-make wooden flowers, a hilarious card, and a lovely lavender & vanilla scented candle.   This place has it all!  Go with at least a half an hour to pick out your treasures.
4	This store is so fun.  They've really got a little bit of everything, from fun books and cards to little pet nicknacks.  Some of their stuff is a little pricy, but they have some inexpensive souvenirs to take home.  I love this type of store.  Next time I'm definitely going to buy some of their party items.
4	Yes, Paper Skyscraper has just about every gifty item under the sun, but for me what makes them stand out is that all of it is organized. When I wanted a fitness journal i knew I could find it with the other motivational fitness materials (or maybe in the journal section). When i was looking for a southern cookbook, it was in the southern area of the cookbooks section of the book area. The kitchen gadgets are always in their area on the left wall of the second room. Cat stuff is in the (desperately undersized, but existent) cat area. It keeps the massive amount of inventory from being overwhelming.They are not as strong on the locally made items as some other gift stores in Charlotte, but the selection they have is all interesting. I love seeing what new lines of cards they have. Sometimes there are way better ways to express just the right sentiment than with the ubiquitous gold crown.The staff are pleasant but get that most people need time to peruse. Once you get to the well impulse candy-stocked counter (even the salesfolk have a section), they are sweet as can be.
5	Oh, paper skyscraper... I try to just "stop in" for something I really "need" - wrapping paper, a witty card, a baby book, even a hostess gift while en route to a party, but you almost always suck me in for more!The store is so stuffed full of awesomeness I know it'll take me too many trips to cover it all but luckily they stock similar items together, and even the same item a few different places in the store - so if you miss it the first time, it'll still find you. I love the back corner with the local twang: local art, books, some not made in china, paper skyscraper tees, plenty of options to send away as gifts or display on your coffee table. I think I've spent more hours than necessary browsing the books, office knick knacks, wining and dining accessories, and ooh that children's section! (which transitions nicely into the "adult" children's section)When they are slammed for the holidays it seems they keep a closer radius to the front counters as back up, but during the rest of the year there is always a friendly associate on the floor ready to check in on you, whatever you may be in search of. (and you can park all around the thai taste/ps building, you're not just limited to their corner on euclid)
5	This is such a great place to browse for random gifts!  I came here since I've read so many great reviews about it from Yelp, and I must say that I was totally happy going in here, even on a cold rainy day!The store is located on a quaint little corner, with some great shared parking space with Thai Taste.  The store is very well kept with everything neatly organized.  I quite enjoyed looking at their cards.  I feel that if ever I have no idea what to get as a gift, this would be THE PLACE to look at first.  But let me also warn you, if you go into this place, you WILL be tempted to buy something for yourself.  It took a lot of strength to not buy something for myself.  I just don't know if I can control myself next time.  I recommend everyone to check this awesome place out.
5	You've gotta go and check out their seasonal selections, they are sensational! What I do really enjoy the most, other than their wide selection of rare magazines, is their local area in the back of the store. It has all sorts of shirts, paintings, buttons, and other stuff from Charlotte artisits. Isn't that nice! I wish more place had sections like this!You definitely need to make more than one visit to this store in order to enjoy its true potential. Yes, you can skim and hit the highlights, but you should allow yourself to make a few jaunts throughout this establishment to understand the magnitude of its potential.
4	Paper Skyscraper is your one-stop gift shop for friends, family, neighbors, and even those people who you don't really like all that much.  It's actually impossible to not enter into the store and immediately want something-anything-everything from their classy, wacky, and spectacular-y offerings.  From candles to books, to jewelry and accessories, to housewares and knick-knacks, there truly is something for everyone here.  Helpful employees and fun people watching also make this a great experience.  I can easily kill an hour wandering the aisles and rooms without even realizing how much time has gone by.
5	They have such cute things from cards to invitations and gifts!
4	I'm not sure why I never popped into this store before, I've certainly seen it on Yelp often enough. So much more than just greeting cards and wrapping paper! The store is chock full of the sort of gifts you give to the person who "has everything" because for sure they don't have all of these things. Whiskey stones (like ice cubes but they don't melt) and an icicle insert to chill wine from the inside and "cheeky" fridge magnets and odd calendars and clocks and just too many unique things to list. It's just a really neat store and if you are looking for gifts, then this is the place you need to go.Prices are not cheap and they're not outrageous expensive. For most of the stuff I saw, it seemed to be priced about right.
5	Who doesn't love Paperskyscraper? It's the ONLY place to buy cards in town. They have unique collections like my favorite line, Coffee Stain Cards. I also like the Mik Wright line also (with the 70's photographs on the front). Coffee Stain Cards are fabulously raunchy. The store also has a great book selection, hard-to-find mags and neat out of the ordinary gifts, candles, skin care lines, etc. I love the jewelry and handbags too. This store rocks. Period.
4	This is my favorite place to buy gifts in Charlotte! They have unique gifts for everyone on your list! I always leave with more than I went in for...the stuff is just too cool to pass up! I have decorated my apartment with lots of cool finds from here. The staff is always soo pleasant and helpful. They also always have great gift suggestions if you are in a bind.This store is a must visit! Even if you are just looking for a simple birthday gift, I guarantee you will leave with much more!
4	This is the kind of go to place one frequents when you need to buy a last minute gift or pick up something you won't be able to get anywhere else. Fantastic paper section with great cards and party items. I've bought countless presents here over the years, particularly for quirkier friends with similar senses of humor. They have awesome local CLT items as well, from artwork to magnets. Finally, they have an awesome collection of books and office supplies, which satisfies a deep desire in me. All around, great little unique store on East Blvd!
5	Stopped in Paper Skyscraper for some invitations for a party.  Although they did not have exactly what I wanted they did have a lot of cool items from picture frames, cards, trendy housewares and decorations.  This would be a great place to get a Christmas gift for that someone who has everything.  Will definitely be back and utilize this trendy little shop.
5	If you need a card, gag gift, hippy jewelry, Moleskine, kitchenware, book on (insert odd subject matter) odd book/toy combo or anything in between, Paper Skyscraper is your new best friend. It's a little tricky to pull into the faux parking lot off of East Blvd, but find one of the spaces in front of the building or park behind/on the street and you're golden. Each visit is unique at PS. Items don't stay in the same place for long. Most of the sections are solid but new inventory comes on what seems to be an hourly basis! Check out the Moleskine section. As an avid note taker and doodler, this place is a treasure trove of notebookery. All sizes, widths, paper styles and much more. If you have a friend in need of some cheer or a birthday party for one of your more unique family members or friends, Paper Skyscraper is the place to go. Caution: You may walk out with a hefty amount of stuff you didn't plan on buying in the first place. Yes. It's that cool. You've been warned, frivolous spender! This place is locally operated and owned and all of the staff is passionate about being there. They do what they do and do it perfectly. Cheers!
5	Plan to stay for awhile when you go to Paper Skyscraper.  They have so much cool stuff  to peruse and they have the best cards in the city!  If you have someone who is difficult to buy for then you definitely need to come here for a mix of fun, eclectic, & inspirational gifts.
5	Adorable! I could spend all day in this store! Great cards, gift items, and local art from Charlotte artists. This store is always going to be my "go to" place for unique gifts, as long as I live in Charlotte.
5	Paper Skyscraper is the perfect place to go for gifts, especially for your friends that have a sense of humor. There are tons of quirky gag gifts, neat kitchen gadgets, and other cute thingamajigs for the house. I love the vast array of cards and the wrapping paper they have -they also have super fancy stationary. If you're needing a mood boost, I would suggest you take a trip to Paper Skyscraper... it's one of the only places in Charlotte where you can get a book of hunks from the 80s and a dog mustache in the same place!
4	Very cool little spot! Books, stationary, cards, candles and all types of little fabulous finds! Great for those days when you have a little money but everything you need already... and  just want to look around. You will ALWAYS find something in there that you can use in your place! ;) Staff is great too! And they keep the best and most current magazines! I def recommend!
4	if your an idiot (like me) and unsure what to get your colleague as a baby being born present, then this is a dope spot to go. i went to toys r us, loaded up a gift card with a few HUNDO (thats how i roll) then rolled into this spot to get all the stuff that goes around the gift card. Upon entering this bastion of chick-focused paper accessories, i immediately found the first babe working there and disclosed to her the mission, to wrap the toys r us gift card in stuff that would be acceptable to give my colleague and for him in turn to give his wife. She suggested a bag, a box for the card, and a gift card. i made her choose all 3 items and we jointly agreed on a "light blue" theme. She then gave me detailed instructions, which was helpful. End Result = Super successful kid being born gift.
4	For what it is (a shop that your wife drags you into on a Saturday to grab a gift), it's awesome.  It has all sorts of stuff from home decor to gifts to birthday cards.  All sorts of stuff.  Some is just your basic stuff but some is cool.  Will admit a lot of stuff is overpriced (like a $75 book that was on amazon in the $30s), but for what it is and it's immediate gratification, it's very nice and well run.  For the amount of inventory they have, the space is managed incredibly well and they keep it looking extremely neat.
5	I love paper skyscraper! It's my all time favorite store. I know when my birthday is coming up I make my friends take me there and let me pick out a few things. My whole drawer is full of paper accessories from the skyscraper.
5	this is a one of a kind store...they have a little bit of kitche for anyone and everyone, not to mention the funniest bday cards!! :) awesome books, home deco accents, friendly staff :)
5	This store has everything.  I love browsing through the books and gifts.  The staff is always friendly, and the selection is unique!
5	I'll be short and sweet here, I love this place!! Every time I need a last minute card or gift for someone, this place delivers!  I've bought gifts for all kinds of people here too, they have great things for kids, drunks, odd-balls, and lunatics and I suppose normal people too, but I don't associate with any of those types...
5	The ONLY place to get a decent card around here.  Great place for cool, unusual or joke gifts.
4	Paper Skyscraper offers a great range of products.  They have everything from a small book section to stationery.  I bought some nice personal letter cards with an embossed letter and there were many other options as well.  I found the selection to be eclectic and interesting from almost any way to imagine the terms.  I don't mean to oversimplify, but if you can imagine the front area of a Barnes & Noble with the items that you would not necesarily think to look for but make great gifts then you have some idea of a good sized portion of the store.  I said oversimplify because the items at Paper Skyscraper are both more interesting and original than what you will find at your typical store and overall the store is a great place to go and pick up cool items that you would be hard pressed to find at other retail stores.
4	I went to the Paper Skyscraper with the idea that this was strictly a paper goods store (ie. invitations, stationary, cards, wrapping paper). I came in hopes to find some new stationary as we grow closer to Christmas and the thank you letter months. Yes, Paper Skyscraper has a lot of the things I mentioned about but I was hoping for more of a selection. With that being said the Paper Skyscraper is a great place to find a gift for someone, from art of Charlotte to giant wine glasses and whiskey stones, this store has something for almost everyone on your list. I ended up walking out with a preppy tie frame for my room. A great place to check out when you are in the South End/Dilworth area. I bet a lot of these items are over priced, but have the fun of this place is strolling around and not actually buying anything.
5	A quirky store, carrying everything from books, to glassware, to exotic chocolate bars, retro-styled toys, and stationery. if you are looking for a gift for someone who loves intellectual pursuits, chances are this is a good place to find it. The staff are friendly and courteous, allowed us to stay parked in front while we walked to the bakery a block or so away.
5	I have few things to add from what everyone has already said.  It's awesome.  Go.  Now.  I'll wait.  An awesome shop (with a new A/C unit just installed today!), with everything you could possibly ever need and a lot of things that you never knew you wanted.  I could have spent all day and most of my paycheck in here.  Books, kitchen items, bar items, bathroom items, purses, totes, playing cards, artwork by local artists of our beautiful town and it's places, pet items (mostly dog stuff, but some cat items as well for us spinster broads who love the kittehs) and more cards than Hallmark.  I was just in awe.  There is parking along the front of the building and some behind.  While I was in there I kept hearing giggles from the card section, so I stopped and got a few to share with my twisted gaggle of friends.  Everything I spotted, with rare exception, was reasonably priced.  I ended up with some hi-larious coasters, some greeting cards and a tote bag (I have an odd compulsion to buy tote bags wherever I go - it's weird).  Go, have fun, buy some stuff... you won't be sorry.
5	Great place for finding the perfect gift! they wrap it box it and all but put in the car for you. fun things, nice things, inappropriate things, sentimental things, eccentric things and weird just weird things. GREAT selection of cards for any holiday or season.
5	I thought this establishment only sold paper and stationary. I was pleasantly surprised  to find a gift for my neighbors new baby, some office organizations tools and a very sturdy glow in the dark ball for my dog which he has not been able to destroy!
5	How perfect is it that my 300th review...is totally worth all 5 stars?!?!? O.M.G. What is there not to love about Paper Skyscraper?!? I knew once it was Amy C approved I had to get there and she was so right!!! This store is awesome. I giggled my way through the store and realized almost an hour later just how grateful I am that my friends have the same inappropriate and hilarious humor as I do...birthday cards, gift bags, napkins, jewelry, trinkets, magnets...one of my personal favorites BACON bandaids....hahahaI could go on and on...it's all here... I went for one a birthday card and gift for my friend and left with with so much more!My only regret is not finding this store sooner. Seriously, GO! You will understand the greatness as soon as you walk in the door!
5	Best gift store in Charlotte.  Absolutely love this store.  You can find something for everyone on your shopping list!
5	This gem never disappoints!  It is the perfect store to browse and giggle and pick up fun and/or lovely gifts for those hard to shop for people in your life... or the people in your life that have a wicked sense of humor.  First, the books and magazines that greet you as you enter.  A fantastic collection of art and architecture coffee table books, some novels that are NYT best sellers, some fantastic journals and calendars.  There is usually a well behaved and very lazy dog lounging in this area as well.  From here you move into candles- YUM!- and picture frames, bath goodies and such, onto hialrious housewares, fabulous earrings and other jewelry, cute clutches, perfectly inappropriate cards, magnets, coasters, bottle openers... you name it!  Even cute and quirky baby and children gifts, which are sprinkled with a few gold standards.You can literally knock out your entire Christmas shopping list here, from your gay boss to your ultra conservative mother-in-law, Paper Skyscraper has you covered.Staff is adorable and super friendly.  Parking is a weebit of a pain.
5	Super cute gift boutique in Charlotte. The selection is amazing. Whenever I need a gift for my family, especially the boys, I can find a cute / unique gift here every time. Parking is convenient and the staff is always helpful. The return policy is also generous: there have been multiple occasions where I have gotten a gift that the recipient already had and I was able to exchange for anything in the store or get a full refund. I love this store for holidays!PS Check out all of the cool Charlotte artwork. I love it!
4	Looking for the perfect gag gift, insulting card, useful kitchenware you didn't know existed or something showing your love for Charlotte? That's where Paper Skyscraper comes in. Located on East Blvd, this funky shop has the most unique items and worth a gander, even if you are not in the market for anything. And the items galore are being updated all the time so if you find a must have purchase, snatch it up before it is gone. Half the store seems to scream sarcasm. Walk around and you'll at least leave with a laugh. The other half the store are practical items, from books to paintings to kitchen gear to jewelry and much more. PS is the perfect blend of useful and useless items so be aware... go in for only a snarky birthday card and you'll probably leave with a bag full of good stuff.
4	What better way to spend an afternoon than perusing the wares at Paper Skyscraper? Items range from wildly inappropriate hand soap and tailgating manifestoes to purses, jewelry, candles and greeting cards.At Paper Skyscraper, there's something for everyone. It's a one-stop shop for holiday gift-giving. I absolutely LOVE all the Charlotte and NC themed magnets, pins and stickers. Always poignant and funny, they adorn our refrigerator for all our guests to see.I recently found a charming yellow vegan leather purse that was on clearance. The Mr bought it for me, along with some Moleskine accessories.If you've never been, you're really missing out. Paper Skyscraper is...just perfect.
5	Wait wait I thought I had already reviewed Paper Skyscraper?! Well it's certainly been a long time coming. All I can say is love it! They've got all the knick-knacks imaginable in this world. Excellent joke gifts like bottle openers mounted on wood with a painting of the crotch of a naked man or woman. Plenty of those items you never knew you needed like a bottle opener that looks like a skeleton key or spoons that nest together with magnets and stand upright on your countertop. Who'd a thunk it?!If you are looking for a book of inspirational ideas on architecture and interior design, this is the place to find it. And no place better than in the architecturally significant Dilworth neighborhood. Plenty of candles and wall hangings, kitchen wares, sake cups, flasks, beer bottle coozies, Charlotte paintings and memorabilia, travel items, tons of gift cards and gift wrap and stationery items. It's hard to classify this place specifically but it's essentially a gift shop. My favorite item would have to be the Buddha board thing where you can practice calligraphy with just water and a brush. The slate-based board air dries and you can write again after. The perfect example of non-attachment in Zen.I like to take travelers through the great city of Charlotte by here to pick up some post cards and such or if they're just looking for something fun and interesting. It's most assuredly worth a stop by!
5	This shop is a must-see. It has everything from cheeky greeting cards to delicate and beautiful glass balls to decorate. We ended up purchasing some funny gifts (they have tons of gag gifts that are actually elegant and practical. Perhaps the word for them is snarky?) as well as some presents that are just plain beautiful. For stationary lovers, the cards are the funniest around--cheeky without being vulgar (in most cases). Bottom line: if you're near Charlotte, you must go here.
4	This is a fantastic place to find great gifts for even the hardest to buy for. A great selection of nifty books, stationary, candy, booze accessories and so much more. I have trouble not buying something whenever I go in.
5	This place may very well have been one of my all time faves in Charlotte!! I fell in love with it's unique and interesting array of products. They have something for everyone, and plenty for myself!! They have things that you wouldn't typically find anywhere else. It's got the artsy factor, it's eclectic and fun to just walk around, I loved every square inch of that place and didn't want to leave! I initially went in for a gift and stayed so long that it was hours before I found my way back to the door to leave. I was cracking up at all the stuff I found, and oohing and aaahing over other sentimental cards and books.I wish I could give you a run down of all the products I remembered there but it's been a long time since I was last in, and I'm sure the inventory changes often. Parking can be a bit quirky, but usually a spot or two opened up near by. It's a great place, and I promise you'll laugh a few times before you leave.
5	Need a gift?  You can find a unique one (gag or real) for anyone in this store, and I bet you'll leave with something for yourself too.  The only way I walk out of there without buying something is if I find too many things I like and can't decide which ones to get! They have books, knick-knacks, posters/prints (with a Charlotte connection), kitchen items, serving dishes, wine/beer related items, baby stuff, holiday decorations, jewelry, scented candles... I couldn't even begin to name it all.  It's even fun to shop here when you aren't looking for anything in particular.  I wish we had one of these near where I live!  I have lived in Chicago and DC for the last 10+ years and always try to stop here when I'm in town.
5	Amazing variety, best gifts and cards in town.  I've been shopping at Paper Skyscraper for years.  They have a wonderful variety of gifts and home items, from cool bar items to well-selected books, bath products, jewelry, handbags, etc etc.  And by far the best selection of cards I've seen anywhere - laugh out loud funny cards for any or no occasion.
4	Who would think of seeing this kind of store in the South? This shop is a must-see. It has a wide variety of unique and interesting products such as magnets (I bought a ton for myself and my family) and books about Asian gardening techniques. They basically have something for every type of person, literally. It's really the kind of store you would find in Brooklyn or in alternative/hipster areas of major cities, and as much as I am not a hipster, I just could not resist this place's charm.More power to you Paper Skyscraper!
5	I visited this store today and it has a *terrific* & very eclectic selection.  There are many interesting, clever, whimsical and sometimes colorful items, such as housewares and many other types of gift items.  Also; they have a very impressive selection of design and architecture (photo) books, plus lots of charming little books (humorous and others).  The card selection is really good, too.   Be prepared to spend some serious time looking at everything in this store.
5	This place is amazing!!!  Great for knicknacks you didn't realize you need/want... and a great place to buy presents.  You can find unique gifts that people will love.  But, good luck trying to get out of there spending less than $100!
4	Recently rediscovered this place - it's a go-to for gifts. A bit pricey, but filled with unexpected, nice products that don't disappoint. I love giving nice, unique things that people wouldn't always think to buy for themselves. This place has great books, cookware, house trinkets, journals, candles, etc. Salespeople are always helpful, especially when it comes to making good suggestions if you're on a budget.
4	Really cool and unique merchandise. I found some very nice gifts here. Just expect to over pay...
5	We went looking for a thank you gift  for  friend of ours. What a nice surprise this store is!  This place has a little bit of everything. There is truly "something for everyone" to be had. Bravo!
5	I have lived in Charlotte since 1984 and never been in this store.  Today, I had some time and popped in.  Loved it!  The items in the store inspire gift buying.  You will be thinking, "Oh, so and so would love that!"  I think this store is a must visit.  Then when you need an interesting and unique gift you will know where to go to get it.
5	This is the best store ever! Books, paper products, fun gifts...go there now!
5	Nice looking place. They had a lot cute and interesting things. Too bad, I couldn't  buy more things. Limited with luggage space. Need more Charlotte souvenirs.
5	This store is awesome. Went in last week for a gift, loved it so much I came back today to get a few more. Tons of unique items, many local, all with great style. And the staff is friendly- they could tell I wasn't capable of properly wrapping the gifts myself, so they did them for me in store free of charge. I will be back- often.
5	I just moved to Charlotte a few weeks ago and have been so busy with my new job that Christmas shopping has been about the last thing on my mind. Until it was the only thing on my mind. Panic. This place is truly, truly awesome. Everything I needed and more. And the people that work there are kind and gracious and pleasant even in the midst of the holiday rush. A hard thing to achieve for anyone working retail during the holidays. Thank you, thank you.
5	Love! Love! Love!  Went a couple of days before Christmas and the place was packed (which I think is evidence of how great it is).  Pretty much everything I could have wanted in terms of gifts for others...and myself.  Yes, there is paper, but there is so much more.  Prices were good and selection was fantastic.  Home decor, fashion accessories, jewelry, books, kids' toys, mugs, glassware, magnets, wine accessories, the list goes on and on.  Although the checkout line wove through the store and into the toy section on the day I was there, the line moved very quickly because the store was prepared - well staffed with friendly and efficient people.  Highly recommend.
5	Hands-down my favorite store in Charlotte for unique gifts, stationary, books (including travel books!), and treasures for the home! The owners are very nice and the staff is always happy to help. I usually take guests from out of town to PS who are looking for a unique gift to take home, in order to remember Charlotte. I am also in love with their travel section. It has inspired more than a few trips for my husband and me! Paper Skyscraper is a gem and will always hold a special place in my heart as the best shop in Charlotte! It's inspirational, fun, and completely wonderful!
