4	First time to Las vegas downtown among all the times that I have been to vegas. And this is definetly one of the cleanest and most modern hotel in the area. Since it is a new hotel, apparently it is clean. The interior is very chic and stylish for the lobby and mob bar and casino area. However the rooms has room to improve.The rooms are spacious! But the bathroom is a bit weak. The shower glass is only half way covered so you dont get the steamy hot shower and the shower head water pressure is somewhat weak. And I honestly dont like the toilet flush , its the same kind that public restroom use which I step on the handle in the public restroom. I know it sound weird and personal but it associate myself using the public toilet than a hotel bathroom. Overall its a good location if you are hanging around downtown area. 5 min walk to the D hotel and screen light show. But also be prepare of the noise from the bikers bar right across the hotel. Got woken up in the morning (around 9ish 10 )when I was staying on the higher floor.
3	***This review is for the casino only***After dinner on Fremont Street, I walked down 3rd Street to check out the newly opened Downtown Grand Hotel and Casino.  It's such a pleasure to see the downtown area coming alive again.I decided to get a slot club card and the line went quickly.  The place is really nice and has that new look and smell from the new carpeting.  All the slot machines are also new.It's a small casino.  I really can't remember much of the Lady Luck which used to be here as it closed so many years ago.I did a walking tour of the casino and dining areas and it's all very pleasant.  I played for awhile and came away up $3.  Wow, big spender--major winner!The area is dark and the only sign is one neon sign which says casino.  The place isn't ablaze with lights.  I hope to be back soon and try Stewart and Ogden.  It looked very inviting!
5	We stayed here the first weekend it was open (Nov 1-2). And it's really nice to see someone renovated the old lady luck and did such a great job with it. The staff was ultra-friendly, the room was very comfortable for the size, and the casino, although a little on the small size, was filed with all new machines.  I think we paid $109/night on the weekend, so it's in line with everywhere else around. There were some BOGO coupons for drinks at the art bar and mob bar in the guest packet, so we tried some new things cheap.  Haven't eaten here yet, but the restaurants look to have some good selections.I think they own the whole block, including the triple George and the pizza rock (hell, yes, that was good around 3am!).  Nothing about the place seemed cheap or halfway-done.  Looking forward to staying here a few more times.It's nice to have another upper-echelon place to stay downtown!
5	Got a free room by Nina,casino hostess, who was very friendly, fun and knowledgable! Then due to our play, offered us a few more nights! We got an upgraded room with a beautiful view! The casino was equipped with the latest slots, just wished they had more triple play poker machines!  Staff is wonderful and warm. Lots of dining choices. The only draw back is that it is a little far from other hotels for gambling variety.
4	Beautiful re-model of the former Lady Luck. Didn't stay here, play here, drink here or eat here but I did use the bathroom to wash my hands. WIN! haha Seriously though, I look forward to coming back here and I wish them much success. I love what they've done with the place. Brand new machines, beautiful lighting and the bars and restaurants were all very nice looking. Attached to Mob Bar which was really cool looking as well but much smaller than I expected. The doors off Ogden make it look like it's closed so they should probably fix that. Otherwise, this place is really nice and easily the best looking casino downtown.
5	This review is based in the restaurant Stewart + Ogden and it was really good! I had the wings which had a sweet glazed sauce with just a hint of spicy. A couple of coworkers had Streak and Fries entree which looked really good! I went with a large group and the staff was prompt and very friendly. I can't wait to go back to try other platters!
5	This brand new hotel is part of the redevelopment of downtown Las Vegas (DTLV). This is our first stay in this area and I must say I'm quite impressed with this hotel. The hotel rooms are chic and modern though the size is average. My only gripe was the weak shower. Next time, we will go for the upgraded suites since they're not much more. Also, we will avoid rooms facing 3rd street because of the noise from the bar across the street. The service is friendly and personable from the valet to the restaurants. Will address the food outlets in a separate review but overall food and service are excellent. The Eggplant Patty Melt and Cappuccino in the Cafe are to die for! The Chinese place, the Red Lantern, is surprisingly authentic but pricey.The casino floor is small but adequate. They have all the latest games. Overall, this place is more uptown than downtown. It's by far the best hotel in DTLV!
5	Everything in this hotel is new or redone. I'm love'n it. I haven't been downtown in years but after a two night stay "comped" I'll be back and willing to pay.  It's chic and 21st century swank. I do like the fact that they kept the original catwalk above the casino floor, I only wished they had scantly clad women walking above with binoculars... Jk. Anyway, the staff is friendly and helpful. The pit bosses were fun and engaging. Sure there's a few kinks still to be worked out but I strongly believe they are on the right path.
3	This review is for the Art Bar -Cute little space with long couch and comfy chairs.  Couldn't find the art work until Nick pointed it out on the ceiling.  Cool!Too funny, but I ordered the wrong drink (Mona Lisa).  Imagine my surprise when I picked it up and it was warm. What I thought was Medori was Creme de Menthe.  Oops.So, nice little bat but no cocktail waiters and a small menu.
5	Excellent new remodel of  old hotel Rooms were clean and bright TV was cool with so the latest features and the resort fee gets you free wifi anywhere in hotel plus 2 cups of excellent coffee from the Ogden dining room that had good  breakfast and excellent lunch Cool bathroom fixtures but strange to have shower with only 1/2 a door but due to low water pressure does not get on floor Valets were sure helpful and everything ran smooth considering they had only been open 8 days God job!
5	The development team of 3rd and Downtown did the Old Lady Luck proud by revamping this property.  The Downtown Grand Las Vegas is a great hotel and casino offering up tons of gaming and dining options.  The limits are reasonable and prices on food are exceptional.  Not too many people know it is open but I'm sure visitors will pick up once word gets around.  I would visit this place again.  I'll probably get a free room based on my previous play.  It would be appreciated.  If you're in Downtown Las Vegas, you must visit Downtown Grand Las Vegas!
5	I have stayed at a lot if casinos in Vegas, on and off the strip, and the Downtown Grand just put a lot of properties on notice. The rooms are nice without the old vegas downtown smell that is often associated with casinos downtown. The casino has new games, restaurants are good and the overall atmosphere gives vegas something it is desperately missing. Outside on 3rd street actually feels like you are downtown. Hogs and Heifers, pizza rocks, and the triple George adds to it all.
4	Some people clean up well and you can add the DG to that list. This place looks great. It's fresh, new, clean and has a fun, boutique feel to it. The dining options aren't large, but you can always walk across the street to TGG or PRock. Come to think about it, nothing is large here. The rooms, the sports book, the eateries and even the Art Bar... All tiny spots. However, the rooms are modern and A-OK when you're only paying $30-60 for them. As of now, the place is empty most of the time. You can easily grab a video poker spot around the bar or a seat at a table game. Come and enjoy it now before everyone staying on Fremont finds out about it!One gripe... there was only one blackjack table open at 2am on a Monday and was $25 min. with no one playing. Egh.
4	My husband and I got a comp room there and it was just beautiful. There are still some minor construction/building function hiccups here and there (this should be expected with a property that underwent such a dramatic transformation) but where the building let down the staff and decor picked up. I am in love with this place it is my new favorite casino downtown.Get ready Binions and Boyds Downtown Grand is upping the ante downtown are you ready?
4	We stayed at the Downtown Grand for a 3 day/2 night stay this past Sunday. They had just had their Grand Opening on Nov. 12th, so we probably were 2 of their newest guests. The valets were friendly & the bellhops were there before we even got out of the car! Check-in was smooth, upgrading our room wasn't a problem. We were even able to check in early. The room was beautiful - light & airy. The beds were comfortable, they're platform beds, so they'll probably move about if there's excessive movement. There wasn't room service yet, but I'm sure by the next time we visit there will be. There is no buffet, but there's a small bistro & a small Chinese resturant. They own the entire block, so outside there's a biker-themed bar, a pizza place & an old-style bar & grille. We went to the biker bar & it felt a little like being in Sturgis. We took the advice of a gentleman we met while checking in & went to the grille for dessert. It looks very nice - all dark wood & dining alcoves. The hotel is just a short walk to the Fremont Experience & the Deuce bus runs really close by. We never drive around Vegas, its much easier to take the Deuce: $8 for a 24-hour pass & it runs along the Strip & out to the Premium Outlet. The rooms come with complemtary water, but so far there are only ice machines on every other floor. There are LOTS of bars!  We had a nightcap in the Mob Bar. There's the Art Bar, where I think you can get bar food & its where the daily complementary coffee is. We've decided this is going to be THE place where we stay in Vegas. Good value for your dollar.
2	Interesting newly renovated hotel which was once Ladyluck Casino... My boyfriend and I applied for the Players Club Card and got $3 free slot play each.  We first had to put in at least a $1 bet which meant we lost it all ;P Too many new bright and shiny slot games I didn't even know where to put my $1. :P Overall, We both think the place looks nice and hipstery with that downtown industrial feel.  It sure has a lot of potential especially having hip little bars around.  We're glad we stopped by to check it out since it just opened 3 weeks ago.
5	Wonderful place to stay --staff was friendly and helpful, food good, loved the decor. Our room was cozy and quiet with free Internet, newspaper and coffee. Bathroom was lovely and large. Had huge windows w with great view of Vegas. Seemed like a real  boutique hotel
5	This is a great hotel downtown. The rooms are beautiful. I was on the 4th Street side and it was very quiet. There is a large LG screen TV where you can check the weather, see movies, your folio, see what restaurants they have.  You do pay a resort fee which includes wi-fi and water. You can get free coffee or tea at the Art Bar in the morning which was very convenient. Only ate in Stewart + Ogden and meals were very good. Great desserts too. The chocolate cheesecake was outstanding. It's a small casino but what is nice is that you don't have to go through the casino to get to your room. Everyone from the front desk to the bellmen and hosts were very accommodating and friendly. I would definitely stay there again. I did want to try Pizza Rock but didn't have the time. Highly recommend this hotel.
4	You can add DG to the list of hotels that have cleaned up well in the wake of the downtown revitalization.What used to be the Lady Luck is now a totally re-modeled boutique style hotel. Like the Plaza and Golden Nugget, Downtown Grand really illustrates how the redevelopment of downtown is moving along nicely. During the remodel they chose to keep alot of the exposed steel girders and brick facades giving the casino a industrial look. DG has a nice chic feel to it and they definitely didn't cheap out on the hotel rooms. The rooms have been completely updated and have a sleek modern touch to them; for the ~$50 they charge, its a great deal.The casino itself is pretty small, there are a few bars and small restaurants littered throughout. From what I saw, the prices on drinks and food were very reasonable. It looks like Downtown Grand relies alot on Triple George Grill and the like just outside to really satisfy diners. Overall DG is a great edition to Downtown and 3rd, its nice to see DTLV on the up and up.Tip: Downtown Grand doesn't have a parking garage, valet only. Remember to bring your dollars!
1	3 negatives -Shower makes this a 1 star.   There is no way around this.  Poor water flow and the half glass shower is not cutting it.Lady Luck elevators are still present although covered up with some faux wood trim. Promotional credits were not granted to me even though I had given Cristina the code at the front desk. Shady.There is tons of potential here to be a 4 star based on the value.
5	Swanky! All teched out. Nice, small casino. Triple George right across the street. Our fav.
4	Stayed here mid week for a quick getaway.  Man it is QUIET here!  We never saw or heard anyone on our floor the 3 days we were here.  Every single on of the staff we encountered was super nice.  The parking situation is a bit weird, valet literally lost our truck and it took longer than 30 minutes to find it.  Since we stayed Tue-Thurs we didn't encounter any of the noise that everyone keeps mentioning.  We were up on the 14th floor and our room was above the downtown 3rd street action, right above The Commissary.  Water pressure sucks.  Pillows were AMAZING.  Overall had a great time.
2	I don't really get it.  Downtown Grand is nice, but downtown already has the Golden Nugget for a high end casino lost in a land of dirty, old, cheap casinos.  Why do we need Downtown Grand?I'm not hating.  OK, maybe I am, because I wandered in here expecting a higher end experience than the rest of downtown.  I figured I'd do a bit of gambling at the bar while sipping on a scotch.  I asked the bartender what single malts he can comp and he said none.  Really?  That's not normal for a higher end property.  I guess I could settle for a Johnny Black, but he told me the only scotch he can comp is Dewar's.  If you're not a scotch drinker, let me tell you that Dewar's is terrible.I heard their video poker paytables were good at the casino for one day and they quickly changed that.  So I'm getting the typical vibe in downtown of casino owners/managers being too cheap.  You can't try to be a fancy hotel/casino and be cheap at the same time.  It doesn't work for me, and just makes me want to go elsewhere.I didn't put a dollar into their machines and walked over to Golden Nugget for my drinking and gambling needs.
4	My husband received an offer out of the blue for two free nights at the Downtown Grand.  We'd never heard of it, but after looking into it, decided to take advantage of the offer and check the place out.  We booked in December after they'd been open only about three weeks.  First, as we drove up to the address we were a little confused as we could see an unloading zone and we could see the front desk through the doors, but there was no one there to greet us and no bell desk.  the husband went inside to check in and find out about parking while i waited outside.  After he'd checked in, they told him that complimentary valet was on the other side of the building, so we drove around to the 4th street entrance to unload.  Couple of weird things about this.  First, I like to park myself, but at least the valet was free, so that was okay.  Second, I understand why they made this the main entrance since it had the large lot and the other side is just the street, but in order to get from the valet to the front desk or the elevators, it's a long way through the casino... kind of strange, whereas the other entrance is right next to the front desk.When the husband checked us in, they told him we were in the grand tower, but no one said how to get there (at least that's his story and he's stickin' to it).  So we first went up the elevators near the front desk... except they don't go all the way to the floor we needed!  So, we went back down and figured out that we have to go up an escalator, then take a bridge across 3rd street then go up an old rickety growly scary elevator to our floor.  It was a long way to get there!The decor of The Grand is very nice.  I know they were going for upscale boutique and they did a pretty good job of giving the Old Lady Luck a facelift.  It was definitely much more than putting lipstick on a pig, but architecturally, there were elements that reminded you that you were still in an old building, like the windows in the bedrooms which were high up and long and short.  Sort of strange.  That was fine, though, because everything was clean and new.In the rooms, the beds and bedding were comfortable and there were nice pillows.  The decor was stylish and there was a new flatty on the wall although the furniture set up was a little odd, the TV was very off centered from the bed, so a bit awkward.  The bathroom was large and clean, but the shower was a disaster.  I don't know who thought the small glass half wall would be appropriate instead of a full shower door or a even a shower curtain, but the water sprays all over and it's COLD to take a shower without something covering the opening!  I HATED the shower with a passion.  The amenities provided were products by Gilchrest and Soames in the BeeKind line.  Unfortunately this line smells like lemon pledge and feels a little like it, too, so I didn't care for them.The wi-fi worked pretty good and I guess there is normally a fee of around $11 per night for the resort fee which covers your wi-fi, coffee in the hotel (not sure where) and bottled water in the room.  My understanding is that they are also affiliated with Choice Hotels and you can earn and use points here, but I could be mistaken on the points part - but if you're a member, you should check that out.The casino was small and we signed up for players card and got our WHOPPING $3 sign up prize and we played a little on the slots, but not much.  I also played some craps and the husband played some blackjack.  For the small amount we played, we had a good time because we actually WON.  Surprise surprise.Inside the hotel, they have a couple of restaurants, we ate at Stewart and Ogden for breakfast both days - you can check out that review if you're interested and they have an affiliation of some kind with Pizza Rock across the street which we had dinner at one night - also a review you can see.  Other than that, they have a Chinese restaurant on site and a couple of bars and then neighborhood restaurants surrounding them.  You're literally across the street from the Mob Museum (one of my all time favorite museums), Hogs & Heifers bar, Fremont Street Experience, and the Gold Spike.  What's nice is they are really sprucing up this downtown area and it's getting to be really fun and upscale and kind of funky.  Just a nice place to be.  After this experience, I can definitely see us spending a little more time downtown (you can see some of my other reviews like the Container Park, etc) and even staying here at the Grand again.
5	My husband somehow received a complementary 2 night stay coupon in the mail and since it was his cousins 21st birthday we thought what heck, lets try it. I am a super picky person, so before i got there I already decided that I was going to dislike it because off the negative reviews that i read on yelp . Boy, was I wrong Downtown Grand was an excellent hotel, the staff was super friendly and accommodating. I love how you can text the valet and in 5 minutes your car is ready to go. The shower glass panel was a little funky but i can look pass that. I definitely recommended this hotel  and will be staying there in the future, it has such a great feel and decor is super chic. My husband and i had such a great weekend, thank you downtown grand!!!!!
3	We got an offer for free rooms here which included wifi and $10 gaming credit as well as coupons for nearby restaurants. We couldn't refuse so we booked it. Upon entering room and hotel, we could smell the smoke. Not too bad though I could deal with it. Valet was easy and check in was a breeze. I liked that the guest elevators are close by and we didn't have to walk a mile to get there. The rooms are new and all clean but there were a few issues, there were no trash cans in the bathroom and not enough towels. Also as we were walking to our rooms, the hallway was littered with trash and even a pair of discarded clear vinyl gloves. (Gross). The our tv didn't work and after the repairman tried for maybe five minutes he offered to get our rooms switched out. Now being that we have two small kids and it was 9:00 pm (bedtime) we decided to wait til tomorrow when maybe someone else could handle the situation. Not too pleases either that outcome. Gaming is good and they have plenty of low minimum tables. Staff was all very friendly. We stayed here because it was free but honestly, I'd rather stay on the strip next time.
4	2 day complimentary tickets!!! Truthfully I was not expecting much since it was a 10-15min drive away from the Vegas Strip, but it wasn't that bad. You actually save a lot of money and almost every hotel has a free self parking so what the heck. If you're trying to save some money while still trying to have fun too, then this place is a good place because it's pretty nice.
2	We stayed here between Dec. 25th-27th.  There were some things that Downtown Grand got right; for the most part the modern decor gave the hotel a nice feel.  However, we weren't fans of the orange walls in the hallways of the hotel room floors.  A couple of oddities about this place that ultimately left us with a bad taste in our mouth and resulted in this 2-star review:1. There is no lot for self-parking; there is only valet.  Granted, the valet is free; however, this was a HUGE issue during the busiest hours.  When we checked out, it took us an hour to get our car because there were so many people checking out at the same time and the valet attendants had to retrieve everyone's cars at the same time.  My mind shudders to think about what happened to visitors that ended up missing a flight due to the fact that it took so long for them to get their cars!  It's nice to be able to text the valet attendants before coming down to pick up your car, but you still have no idea how long exactly it'll be before your car is ready for you.2. In order to check out of the hotel, you need to wait in the same line that you waited in to check in.  I don't get this one.  So many other hotels have it so that you can either check out via the in-room TV, or drop your hotel keys in a drop box.  Why is everyone required to wait in line just to check out?
2	Ok, we stayed for a total of 5 days in this hotel and let me tell you it was nice EXCEPT.... Inconsistencies with housekeeping and people knowing what is really supposed to happen. We check in all is good except housekeeping doesn't do our room unless we request it. Plus they say you get two bottle of waters each day, well that was a lie, we got it for two days, then they refused it all together and said it was only on day one! Make up your mind! Then... The cherry on top. On the last day we leave around 11 am come back at 9 pm to find our room was never attended to. I call housekeeping, they say... Oh sorry be right up. 45 min pass no one comes! Oh but wait i call the front desk, say hey its really late we check out early tomorrow, just send up towels, sure they say. 20 min later I get towels. Yes! Finally sleep. 11:35 pm.... Knock, knock.... HOUSEKEEPING!!!! ... Are you kidding me! If you stay please be aware of the chaos!Then let me move on to the water pressure of the shower, we stayed in room 1531 and the pressure was a joke! I think if my husband spit at me, I would have gotten a little more wet! Then the commissary we wanted a coffee and a hot chocolate. Long story short they couldn't ring us up after multiple attempts and the manager got so frustrated he just turned around and said it's on us. He himself was very rude to the workers that were trying hard to figure out all the chaos, I actually felt bad for the two girls that were working. Overall I would say skip this hotel and spend your money is a little more wisely.
5	So my pops and I stayed at this place and we love it! It's very clean and modern. The service is great. The rooms are nice, the only thing is the weird showers but that's whatever. The only thing I would change is have a 5 dollar blackjack table!! There was two 25 buck tables and no one was playing them! 5 dollar tables are where the money is at! Either way the two restaurants down stairs had great food and service. It's a super close walk to Fremont street. It's close enough to walk but far enough to where you don't get that crowd. All and all it's a great place to stay if you like modern but hate the strip and all that nonsense.
5	FREE VALET PARKING! Was told to come here by a paid-parking garage attendant when we didn't wanna pay for parking to go to Fremont St. They were also very friendly!!*I didn't stay or gamble here, though.
1	Think about it before you book.  You get what you pay for and sometimes less.
5	Wow, my experience here was amazing. The customer service and detail to this place was absolutely breath taking. From the valet parking to the casino workers. Valet parking. FREE parking with great smiling workers eager to get you your car! Opening your doors with a smile. I felt like I was going to the oscars with the treatment they were giving me. Customer service / rooms. It was so easy to check in, the person who helped me was very nice. Explained everything thoroughly. I felt like I was VIP here. The room was spacious, only downside was their random one glass door in their showers. Casino. It's small, nothing crazy here so don't expect any fancy high roller type of gambling. My boyfriend and I enjoyed it because the workers here were so friendly! We stayed 3 nights and made friends quickly with the dealers. They were so fun and we really enjoyed our time with them. They treated us like regulars that come here daily. Everyone was very helpful in teaching us whatever game we were playing. Hands down the best casino experience. If your low key and enjoy a more personal gambling experience. This place is most definitely for you! Decoration /vibe The atmosphere is very homie. The decor is interesting not extravagant but simple. I really don't understand all the other 2/3 star reviews. Some people just gotta enjoy what this hotel has to offer and stop being so damn greedy. If you have a problem with the hotel. Contact them first, instead of blowing them up on the internet. The people who work here are humans too, sometimes mistake are made. I'm sure no one INTENTIONALLY wants to make your experience bad. I personally had a fantastic time. Thank you downtown grand! Hope to see you in a few months.
1	We were honored a free room and tax from a code...I called and no questions asked, and then I get a call a week before the date of our reservation and they cancelled it. I dont care onwhat details but since I have a reservation code and letter my reservation should have been honored!!! that a written document...DO NOT STAY HERE, thier customer service sucks, they didnt even say we will honor it at this time, maybe I would have came back...Dumb Manager did not think that through......DONT EVEN GAMBLE HERE NOT A GREAT WAY TO HAVE A RE_GRAND OPENING......I will never set foot in this hotel at all or ever refer them....I will always tell friends anyone to not stay at this hotel or GAmble here, eat here, NONONONONO
3	Stayed here during CES (wanted to split my stay and didn't want to stay on the strip the whole time). I travel on business A LOT and have seen the inside of a ton of hotel rooms, and I would rank the Grand in the top 20 percentile - with some exceptions (I will address those in a bit).First the good: great location. The hotel is located a block or so away from Fremont so you are right near the evening festivities, plus it's right across the street from the Mob Museum (a must-see visit). Breakfast at Stewart-Ogden bistro was quite good and very filling. The hotel itself is very, very nice. The rooms are ok - nothing really spectacular but they're clean, spacious, stylish and adequate (reminds me of an upscale Holiday Inn - which has really stepped up their game over the last couple of years).The bad: No in-room fridge. The ugly: The shower. Not sure what the designers were thinking but function should sometimes take precedence over form. It's glass enclosure is a partial one so you get a bad draft into the shower. It really sucks; while your front is getting hit with hot water, your backside is getting whacked by cold air. Not cool.Overall, it's a good value. If you can get past the "unfinished" shower, you'll enjoy your stay.
4	Stayed here on NYE it was nice with free valet parking. The hotel is a good addition to fremont area.The hotel elevators were a bit weird down arrow goes up and up goes down.kinda strange the rooms were nice and comfortable beds the bathrooms were large with showers not bath tub. Rooms need to have an ipod dock other than that it was a great stay. It has an old Vegas feel but definately a new fresh feel.Staff was friendly and I would recommend
4	Mark is a good bartender, but grumpy, Pedro had some pep in his step which was a breath of fresh air. Sat at the bar and grabbed a sandwich from the deli while watching the fb game. I like, visit this place when downtown.  Good things happening in downtown Vegas!
4	Love this hotel! The customer service is great and house keeping is really sweet! Don't leave with out trying the pulled pork sub from the SPREAD close to the Lobby. Loved the bathroom sink! The shower was a little different..there's no shower door. Just put a towel by the entrance and you'll be fine. The only cons about the rooms is that there were no microwaves, refrigerators or irons In the room. Other then that every thing else was on point!
4	Played here early December after the opening and was pleasantly surprised.   They sent me mailer for 2 free nights so how could I refuse.   I haven't stayed downtown in years but hope downtown revival is real.   Overall, I was impressed with the downtown grand but there are some problems.   The rooms are well designed with stylish modern decor.   Casino was busy one night but somewhat dead on my second night.  Just a block away, casinos on Fremont were fairly busy both nights.   Employees were friendly and courteous.   The attitudes of employees was a big plus.   Far and away the biggest negative to the rooms is noise.   Street noise and noise from neighboring rooms are barely blocked.   I fall asleep easily so it was not major deal for me but I think it might be one for many.As for restaurants, the commissary and Stewart Ogden were pretty good.   Downtown grand could stand out if they had good buffet ( all the ones downtown I tried were gross).
4	The hotel itself is in a great location downtown. It is just a block from Fremont Street if that is your thing, a block from a Walgreens if you need something last minute, across the street from Gold Spike a cool local bar with good food and drinks, a block from Rachel's if you are needing a healthy breakfast of lunch. A one minute drive to the 15.The hotel itself is two different hotels and by that I mean the lobby and the restaurants have been designed by someone with a clean, modern take on design, The dark lobby, the tiled walls the light sconces, the chic modern "diner" the mob bar with heavy leather furniture are all great. Then you get to your room. The rooms are all the same decor and it is like a 100 percent turn around from the lobby. The rooms are a beige, sea foam green Ikea feeling set up. They in no way resemble what you would think from the lobby or even when you first get off the elevators.In a new hotel why in 2014 do you not have rain shower heads? More than one reviewer mentioned the cold draft in the shower and I agree 100 %. The step in showers remind me of a cheap shoer ar the bargain gym. No ironing board or iron in room. No robes. I didn't expect a mini refrigerator and there is a lobby store that sells most needed things BUT it closes at midnight. I have asked the front desk why it is not open 24 hours and they responded not enough traffic, Really?...how would you know.... it is closed!! It is as the left as soon round the corner for the elevators.One night I came back to room around 2 am and wanted a cold bottle of water and something to eat, it was closed and I asked the from desk if they had cold water or anything and he said no but they had essentials......when i asked what the essentials were he said cigarettes and stuff like that. Gross. The self parking garage is easily and quickly accessible. The beds and pillows are great. Much better than at The Golden Nuggett that needs to seriously update the bedding. (I come to Vegas monthly for work and have stayed at either rod these two places..)I had an over cooked chicken dinner in the restaurant one night that the manager was happy to take off my bill. He offered desert and I accepted. I ordered the molten chocolate cake. If you have ever had a molten chocolate anything you know it takes 20 minutes to prepare. Well this thing came out in 2 minutes and the only thing molten was my attitude. It was a luke warm brownie. When the waitress asked how is it I replied it sucks but you bought it for me anyway so I can't get it taken off my bill.All and all I stay here for the convenience and decent room price. They missed some key elements in the design of the hotel but they can be overlooked to a degree.
5	Really nice and modern hotel from the ruins of the old Lady Luck.  Great rooms, good prices, and a location one (normal sized) block from Fremont St.
5	The downtown Grand is amazing.  My new favorite plac e to stay.clean trendy and good customer service.  Never staying at the d afain
4	Best place in downtown...yes even better than the Nugget. Not as busy, not as crowded, not as pretentious. All are positives to me. Rooms - B+ - clean, fresh and roomy.Staff - A+ -everyone that I came in contact with, from front desk to the door men , to casino floor staff...all very friendly and not pissed off to be at work.Food - B. Only did the Pizza joint, great overpriced beer and ok Pizza.Resort Fee- F (minus) - I think these are just wrong...you get water and Internet tho.2 block walk from Fremont St. and 3 blocks from the Nugget and the "D." This room is worth $135/night on the busiest times of the year. Reasonable at $89. A downright steal at $59/night...my comp rate was even better.Enjoy!!
4	Definitely THE nicest place to stay in downtown Vegas. It's a lot like the Cosmopolitan, except that it's in downtown and, therefore, cheaper.They spent a ton of money and completely remodeled the interior so no more Lady Luck here. It's very hip and trendy. My room was nice -- not necessarily luxurious -- but aesthetically pretty, clean, and comfortable. Like someone else noted, the only weird thing is the shower. It's like the shower only has half a door that's permanent. But other than not being able to aggressively rinse my hair, it was generally fine.I'd definitely stay here again.
4	The best place to stay in downtown. Good little neighborhood that will grow well. Used to stay at the Plaza until they placed bikini dancers on the tables. Fremont street is fun for a short visit but it is really getting cheesy with Hello Kitty and Darth Vader costume pan handlers.The Grand is located a couple of blocks off of Fremont in an area for grown ups. They encourage you to explore the area outside of their small casino.For dinner the first night we had Pizza Rock (great pizza, good service) and Triple George's the next night (had a perfect steak). Even went to the Mob Museum across the street. I thought the price was high at first but after 3 hours, I got my money's worth. As far as the hotel goes, wish it had closer self park so I could easily get things out of my car, I used the complimentary valet instead. The room was clean and fresh. Needed a refrigerator to place my left over pizza in for later and a coffee maker would be nice too.The half glass shower thing as mentioned elsewhere is odd. I like to have a towel near me when I shower to dry my eyes but there is no place to put one. Most of all, it needs dark out curtains! Vegas is basically ugly during the day so it's nice to stay out late, with the curtains closed my east facing room lit up like a super market at sunrise. For decades I stayed on the strip, we started staying downtown as I mentioned at the Plaza and would drive to the strip for a few hours during our weekend, this time we never left the downtown area and didn't miss amusement park atmosphere of the strip.The Downtown Grand Hotel and friendly staff make you feel comfortable. We will definitely be returning.
4	We had a free 2 night stay and I have to say the hotel is extremely nice the staff was excellent except one at on of the hotel's restaurants, Stewart and Ogden...I would say the maid service sucked as well, they didn't dump the trash clean the shower or even give new cup or a roll of toilet paper.  OVERALL had a great stay would stay again.... best downtown hotel for sure....
4	I had never been to the Lady Luck so to me this place is brand new!Its lovely and clean and doesnt smell like hella smoke! The casino area isnt crazy and crowded, but it also doesnt have a crap ton of different slots. I'm mainly reviewing the casino area, and bathroom as those are the only 2 places I visted whilst being there. It took me forever to find a slot that I liked, I did sign up for a card and was issued 3$ as a bonus. I was wanting to get a drink, alas drink ladies werent around. The slot areas were all clean which was a plus. The bathrooms are large and towards the front of the entrance. They were also very clean, just a little dark. All in all the Casino area is nice, and its located in a great central area, valet and tip for quickness!Yay!
4	Really liked this place. We stayed there Dec 29-31 and it was very nice. A definite step up from the Lady Luck! Rooms were clean and comfy and decorated very cool (kinda Ikea-ish meets Hipster). Public areas were good too. The Mob Museum was across the street and that was a great diversion. The casino was great too-roomy and not too cramped. Lots of great penny slots if you like that. Short walk to Fremont St (1 block). Only negative was the loud thumping til late from the parties on Fremont. Other than that, great experience.
1	Run fast away from this place if you enjoy sleeping!  SO MUCH NOISE.  Not just street noise from terribly thin windows and walls but a weird buzzing sound all night.  I don't get hotels like these that just won't insulate properly.The shower had zero water pressure and had only half a door which is weird and doesn't serve any purpose.  The restaurant served me chicken that was rare and bloody.  They also had a 5 minute wait with half of the tables empty, very weird and unprofessional.This is clearly a new hotel with many flaws, if this room wasn't free, I would not have stayed here this time and I will not be staying here again.
4	My Husband and I recently had the pleasure of staying at the Downtown Grand Hotel and Casino. My 1st time to stay downtown in 35 years of going to Las Vegas. What a great experience. The rooms were lovely and very up to date. Even" FREE" Wi-Fi . Lots of restaurant choices in the hotel or very close by. Friendly staff always with a hello and a smile. It was nice to have other venues so close that are actually in walking distance. We also visited the new "Container Park" right down the street on Freemont. The park is made up of shipping containers and other recycled materials. Shops, restaurants, bars, entertainment and a great area for the kids to hang out and play. I loved the fact that we could walk so many places because everything is so close. We are looking forward to our next visit to the downtown area and definitely will be staying at the Downtown Grand. Thanks for welcoming us so warmly. See you soon!Gary A.
3	For some reason we received an offer for a free weekend here so we figured why not? We weren't sure what to expect. What we found was a lovely hotel, recently renovated, with comfortable rooms/beds and a very good location. The hotel really needs to put coffee makers in the rooms - going down to the lobby for free coffee is fine, but not desirable when you aren't quite ready to get dressed. The restaurants all looked like they were squeezed in as an afterthought with banquet room chairs and strange ambience. I didn't mind the weird shower door too much since the water pressure wasn't strong enough to hit the back of the shower. There was a Zumba convention in the area and on Saturday they closed the street outside and Zumba-ed. We're odd in that we like to go back to the hotel for an afternoon nap so the racket from Zumba made it difficult to enjoy the room thoroughly. I'd consider a return stay but there are so many other options downtown that it would be a while before I'd go back. By the way, it was nice to be away from the strip, and $30 cab rides there made it even more desirable not to go there.
3	i hadn't stayed at this hotel since i went to Vegas with friends about 10 years ago and it was known as the Lady Luck, but it's nice to see the changes they've made not just to this hotel, but the surrounding hotels and attractions in Downtown Vegas.the room is small, with an Ikea-esque desk/closet unit and mounted flatscreen tv and 2 queen size beds. not that i even cared, but there was no coffee-maker with complimentary coffee or teabags (which i never use anyway), but there were 2 complimentary water bottles (which i gladly did use). you can call and have them bring you up an iron and ironing board if you need it as well.the slots, tables, sports book, and bar areas are very basic as this isn't one of the high-roller's hotels, but the advantage in that is that the minimum bets required at the tables are cheaper (ie: $5 blackjack), and there are great Downtown attractions that are within a short walk like the Commonwealth, Gold Spike (which is right across the street!), Container Park, and Insert Coin(s).for about $30 a night, it's not at all a bad option to consider when you're making a quick weekend trip to Vegas. my only complaint is that the parking structure across the street is supposed to be free when you validate your ticket at the Cashier's (as i did after both nights when we were gonna take the car out again for the day), but for whatever reason the sticker they put on my ticket the last day didn't work and i still had to pay $9. when i went back to the Cashier's, they were no help; they claimed they didn't have any sort of cash to reimburse me and that i'd have to go to the front desk to get reimbursed. seeing as we were leaving that day and i was more concerned with grabbing a bite to eat and hitting the road, i just chalked that up as a loss. the lesson there is to just valet park, let the attendant run across the street and retrieve your car. it's worth the few dollars tip.-civilities.
5	This was my first stay at this Hotel, I stayed here because it was very close to a Zumba event that I was attending on Fremont street. I was actually really surprise but this hotel is really nice. One of my girlfriends booked it and it was such a good price but since it was located near Fremont st I figure it would be an old hotel. The interior of the hotel and our room was very modern and we all really liked this hotel, the staff was amazing nice they even provide us with an early check in because we got to the hotel earlier than planned. I will defiantly stay here again in the future.
4	This is a fabulous addition to Downtown. It's a small-ish, but very well done casino. It's a modern design with a open, renovated warehouse feel. Very chic. It has good, cheap gaming. A great bar. And decent food options. So if you're Downtown, you should so totally come here.
4	As locals we try to enjoy staycations every once in awhile so we can drink and not drive ... This time we chose to check out the grand since it was new and I'm glad we did. I loved the decor and I love how clean it was.  When we checked into our room they had the tv turned on with our name on tv... I thought that was pretty neat feature ;) After checking in they also gave us a whole bunch of free drink coupons and buy one get one free so we made sure to use them all!I hope they continue to upkeep this hotel and not let it go downhill after a year or so because it truly is beautiful.Lastly, I noticed the customer service! Everyone was so friendly!  The valet guy to the security guard asked us how our time was and it seemed sincere... We will be back!
4	I found this hotel because I am a Choice Privileges member and Ascend is one of their brands. So to preface, this is the site of the old Lady Luck hotel. I stayed at the LL 10 or so yrs ago and OMG, what a disaster! It is MIND BOGGLING what a facelift they gave this place...it is a completely different hotel! It looks and feels like it should be in Beverly Hills as it is super contemporary in both amenities and boutique chic in decor! The hotel itself is MASSIVE and has two towers. Be warned, if you don't want a cardio-walk workout, then do not stay in the Grand Tower as it is trek from the valet hotel entrance! Also, I got a fantastic nightly rate, but with the tacked on $11/day mandatory "resort fee" (which is basically for the wifi, though it includes coupons to the various restaurants and free bottled water in the room) and taxes, the rate ended up not be as amazing as I initially thought, though $60 total/night when all is said and done is still a decent rate for this kind of hotel.The room was great! I had a king room and the bed was super comfy, the set up was cozy but amazingly functional and being on the 21st flr, I had a great view! I was also having a love affair with the pillows! My neck and I usually dread the lumpy, impossibly small pillows that have become the new hotel standard, but I had four amazingly plump, large, and just delicious pillows all to myself, I practically made myself a pillow fort! The bathroom was roomy and the complementary toiletries were fantastic "Bee Kind" products made with real honey (they smelled amazing!). The only thing I didn't like was the shower didn't have a door or shower curtain, it was just a half glass pane. I was afraid the floor would flood; it didn't, but the showermat towel did get overly soaked, plus it was kind of uncomfortable as the a/c air crept in and even though I had the showering running hot, I still got a chill.The pool wasn't yet open, which was a shame because it looked like that place to be from above. They also have a minimal fitness center with ellipticals and treadmills, but not much more. I did have to ask for the water bottles that were supposed to be in my room on both days I was there, but the bellman was kind enough to get me some the first night and the housekeeper the second. The staff, especially the valet and bell desk were very accommodating and nice, though the girl at the check-in was a bit dry and cold. They have an awesome thing where if you valet your car you can either QR your ticket or txt your ticket number and they will text you back instantly with the number of minutes it will take for your car to be curbside. I used this 3 times and all three times it was like clockwork! You gotta love technology when it works!!Overall, a great stay. I think with it being such a new hotel, they still need to work out the kinks, but I think they will get there. The product, though, definitely lives up to the Ascend brand!
4	The best value downtown hands down. Friendly helpful staff, clean as a whistle, close to a lot if great places to eat. My only complaint was that there was no soap/shampoo holder in the shower. I will definitely go back.
4	Brand new fresh casino to give a quick review on.. I liked the decor inside and the selection of slots was far from a lot but the place is just down right different inside.. I wasn't able to sample any food or rooms but I think the casino was fun and the free slot play was a bonus worth visiting for.. I plan on returning here again and staying  over night to give the rooms a review which I hope will add.. Downtown Grand get's my thumbs up for now!
5	Great rooms. Clean. Nice location. Girl at front desk has attitude, that was the only problem. I would stay here again.
4	I would say I give this place 3.5 stars.I got a flyer for 2 nights free and took advantage of it.  Everything was free except the $11 a day fee, which a lot of the hotels were doing so I was fine.The hotel was walking distance to Fremont Street which was nice.  This was my first time in downtown and I like it.  Looser slots.  Less crowd.  True walking distance, you dont have to fight traffic to park in a garage to walk 10 min before getting to the casino.  Location was not at Fremont but a block away so just far enough.Valet was free and self parking is free but you need to get validation before leaving the hotel.I booked for a king bed and confirmed 2 times that I will be checking in very late Friday night.  As I get there the lady told me they are out of king begs and asked if 2 queen was fine.  Then she said we can check tomorrow morning and see if any rooms open up.  So I said ok but wasn't super ok.  So she made some phone calls and was able to get me a room in the opposite tower.  It was no the nosier side but I was tired and can sleep thru noise.  They do give you a pair of ear plugs.  Bathroom was a stand up shower for our suite.  I looked on the emergency map and it does appears there are some tubs in some room.  We got the corner suite so it was slightly bigger.  They took away our floor towel the 2nd day so we had to use our bath towel for the floor.  There are no shower doors so it does get wet.  Toilet requires 2 flush and you must hold it down.There is complimentary water but they decided not to give us water the 2nd day as well.  Not sure why the service was so bad.  I give them the benefit of doubt because if I really wanted I could have asked room service to bring it but I didn't.The pillows were huge and nice.  Blanket was thin.  AC was loud and room stayed pretty warm.The renovation made the hotel look new.  My guess is this hotel is more new looking than the others in the area so it was a good transition from the strip for me.
1	The atmosphere is nice.  High ceilings and nice decor is a change from typical downtown.  However, we sat down for a drink to hear the server tell us they only had light beer.  When I asked again and said, "Do you haves anything besides light beer?"  She said Heineken light.  Umm....still light!  If I'm going to sit down and loose a few hundred bucks I at least want a decent beer.  So I guess I won't play there.  As a local I was hoping for better.
4	The Downtown Grand offered me two free nights that could even be used on a weekend, which is a rare offer.  I decided to take them up on it.  I stayed here last weekend. First, the pros.  Everything in the hotel and casino is brand spanking new.  The hotel was formerly the Lady Luck and was completely gutted and redone.  The casino is small but seems plush and seems to have plenty of machines and tables for the amount of patrons.  The lobby, the restaurants, the rooms, even the pool area which is not open yet all seem elegant and nicely done.  There's no buffet but there does seem to be a lot of food choices.  Valet or self parking are both free for hotel guests.  Since this is downtown, a half dozen other casinos, the Fremont Street Experience, the Mob Museum, and the Slotzilla zip line are all within easy walking distance.  If you like the newer computerized slot machines they have a good amount available.  Unlike an earlier visit it seems like they've loosened up the slots a little and you can actually win a small amount here and there.  They have at least one $5 blackjack table open even on a weekend night, along with $10 and $25 tables also,.  They also have a few roulette and craps tables if those are your games.  There is a lot to like about this place.  All the check-in desk staff, the dealers, the waitresses I encountered had good attitudes and helped make it an enjoyable stay.  The beds and pillows in the room are soft and comfy.  Flat screen televisions with a desk and chairs also come with the standard room. There are a few cons however.  Like other reviewers have noted the shower contains a ceiling to floor partition the covers about 40% of the space between the shower and rest of the bathroom.  I'm sure the architects thought it was some exciting new idea to build a shower with a missing door.  In reality it's just an epic design fail.  Hey geniuses, design is supposed to be functional in addition to looking trendy or cool.  Even with a towel down outside the open space the tile floor gets wet and streams of water flood the bathroom floor, especially if you like to take a long hot shower like I do.  I'm sure its just a matter of time before some drunk idiot slips and falls on the wet tile floor after somebody takes a shower and sues the hotel for millions of dollars.  I would advise the DG to either install some shower doors or put a team of defense lawyers on retainer.   Another con is that the soundproofing on the rooms isn't that great.  You can hear muffled voices coming from adjoining rooms and street noise comes in through the thin windows even 14 floors up.  You know the hotel realizes soundproofing isn't great when they issue a free set of earplugs with every room.  I would advise that you ask for a room on the quieter side of either tower away from the bars on 3rd street when checking in.  I would also advise using the earplugs when sleeping, they help a lot.  By comparison the rooms at the Plaza are quieter even though it's an older hotel.  Last caveat, price.  The rooms I got for free would have cost $179 per night plus $11 resort fee if I had paid for them with an advanced reservation.  I'm not sure how much of a market exists to pay strip prices for a downtown hotel.  I hope the new management team isn't misjudging their market like the Revel in Atlantic City just did.  I think people who stay downtown want cheap rooms.  That's why the stay downtown to begin with.  Of course I could be wrong and the DG may create a new market segment downtown and steal a lot of the Golden Nugget's or even strip hotel's customers.  Time will tell.
4	I've never stayed "downtown" before, but I settled on this hotel after reading the positive reviews. Pros:-Comfortable beds-Clean rooms-Friendly, helpful staff-Quick valet (texting for pick up is great feature!)-Good location to downtown-Inexpensive, delicious inroom dining-Updated, modern hotel-Lovely smelling toiletriesCons:-Pillows too thick for my comfort-Only one sink in bathroom (I prefer his/her sinks)-Shower setup not ideal (half glass with no door created a wet tile floor & didn't allow for a steamy shower)-No black-out curtainsOverall we had a great experience and would stay here again. :)
4	My only complaint is the shower - no shower curtain but instead is a half tub size sheet of glass. WHY??? Luckily, the water didn't get all over the floor. It would have been a disaster. Big lawsuit waiting to happen! Other than that, Downtown Grand is a very nice and modern addition to the downtown area.
2	I'm at Grand right now and about to check out. I just have to write this before I leave.Hotel room is very nice, modern, new and clean, however, there is only one tiny gift shop and few restaurants.  The self parking is really really long walk and for female guest like me is very scary to walk there even during the day time co silts isolated. Elevator is dirty and dark. Saw graffiti and strange people are hanging around and loud loud music are being played at somewhere. And most of all it's very dirty. Worst of all, parking ticket machine cannot read guest park bar code so far we had to pay $5 and $9 for two nights. And we are about to go home, I'm sure we have to pay again for the 3rd time, even front desk said should be fine after failed twice. They said something wrong with the parking machine. So in order for us to get credit we have to charge to room for some expenses, but since it's a promotion stay and room is comped we had to force ourselves to buy coffees and so but still not enough to cover to get credit full amount.  So we will eat these parking fees at this time . I know it's free to stay what is a big deal for some, but it's a basic service issue and still I am not happy with this situation. Well,  I could have used the valet in that case but I go out and back and force bet . hotel and stores and shops for 4-5 times a day, paying the $2-3 tips each time will cost more. Bit I guess since the parking situation was so bad I should have used the valet......bit I have no issue with other hotels at downtown. We have no plan to come back to this hotel so far from these experiences. If you are female or elderly guests I do not recommend to stay here, I am concern for safety issue with parking and around this hotel's environment especial after dark.
4	Well I've stayed at a few hotels since I've been in Vegas for a couple of months and the Downtown Grand isn't bad at all. It has a very retro feel to it with the ocean scenic colors. It also has some very modern furniture that I would not expect for the cost of the room. Flat screen tv, full size closet/cabinet and dresser draws. Basically everything you need except for a refrigerator...The biggest dislikes I have is all those hidden fees. They say free internet but I believe that's part of the hidden $12 daily hotel fee that they failed to mention. Also there's a $50 a day hold for damages if need be. Also if you opt to park across the street at the self parking, be prepared to look over your shoulder in that spooky garage.  All in all not bad for it to be downtown Vegas. The restaurants in the lobby are what I consider on par with the rest of the Grand experience.
3	Nice hotel was very very disappointed that the pool was not open.. rooms are ok ... the shower was a pain .. especially if your trying to shower with your other half one person gets to be cold due to less than half of a glass covering you!
5	Often we hear the phrase " there comes a time when all good things must come to an end" . That is not the case for the Downtown Grand Hotel.  For this hotel it is just the beginning. In recognition of their grand opening celebration in November, I received an invitation for a complimentary visit to their new hotel and I must say I was slightly apprehensive about taking advantage of the offer simply because of the bad publicity I've heard over the years about the downtown area. I come to vegas several times a year and always stay in one of the larger hotels located on the strip. It has been about 20 years since I've been to the downtown Las Vegas area so I thought I'd put the past history and rumors to rest and take the Downtown Grand Hotel up on their offer. The airport shuttle dropped us off and we had to walk through the casino to get to the front desk and the very first thing I noticed as I walked through the casino door was how fresh the air was. I expected to get hit with the odor of cigarette smoke and I could actually breathe and as I walked through the the casino to the front desk I could even smell the fragrance of air freshener.  I'm not sure if they have a superior air filtration system installed but being someone who suffers from asthma the clean air was wonderful.I was greeted at the front desk with such a warm, inviting welcome from all the staff and Nuvia (Front Desk Agent) was wonderful. The V.P. of Operations, Jimmy Palmer even made a special point to come out and introduce himself and welcome me to the hotel. Once my room was ready Nuvia personally walked my mother and I to the second tower and elevator and explained how to get to our floor. As we walked she gave us a brief history of the hotel, suggestions for dining and things to do while we were here. We got to our room and I was quite pleased with the accommodations. The decor was very retro and stylish. The bedroom was separated from the rest of the room by double doors which was nice. There were 2 full bathrooms in each room with a fully enclosed shower and plenty of towels in each bathroom. After a full long day I was ready for a good night's sleep. When I crawled into bed I could not believe how comfortable the bed was and the pillows were just as comfortable. I generally have issues falling asleep the first night in a hotel but my first night here I was out like a light and slept through the night waking up feeling well rested. Almost slept better than I do at home.....From the minute I walked through the doors it has been one good experience after another. The only negative I would have to say is having to go home.I would definitely recommend the Downtown Grand Hotel for anyone looking for the ultimate las vegas experience. It is a place where you can go to get away from the fast paced crazy environment of the Las Vegas Strip and still have an amazing time. A block away from the Fremont Street Experience there is plenty of security and police presence in and around the area. The experience definitely begins at the Downtown Grand Hotel.  I'm looking forward to my next visit and I'm hoping the pool area will be open at that time. Thank you to Mr. Palmer and his team for creating such a warm welcome and for making my stay one to remember.
2	A little background on me and my husband. We visit Las Vegas frequently and consider ourselves "resort explorers." We like to stay at all the new or remodeled hotels in hopes of finding the ultimate Las Vegas experience. I am giving this hotel 2 generous stars because the room is pretty comfortable and retro looking. The Spread deli was great, probably the highlight of my stay. Good food and the best service I encountered at the Downtown Grand. Unfortunately, I have a laundry list of complaints to go along with this review.1. Parking structure not attached to the hotel. 2. Elevator out of order in the parking structure. Had to take the urine flooded stairwell with luggage in hand. 3. Must validate parking everytime you leave the structure. You would think a remodeled resort would have keycard access to parking.4. No fans in bathrooms. 5. Bathroom very bland.6. Customer experience is subpar.7. Was given directions to the wrong tower.8. Valet attendant yelled at me for not having a validated parking slip! Really?!!! I am a guest! I am paying to be here Morning add-on:Slept well, bed is comfortable. However, the room does not have an iron standard and it has to be delivered upon request. Secondly, there is no where to put soap or other toiletries while showing. I had to place my stuff on the ground in the shower. The shower also only has one door which leaves a wet slippery mess on the floor and quite the "drafty" cold showering experience.When leaving the parking structure I inserted my validated parking pass and I was asked to pay 9 dollars! Are you kidding? I am a guest! I had to get very insistent with the crew on the "assistance" phone line to get let out of the garage! This visit was awful, almost like a nightmare I couldnt escape. In closing, I think the Downtown Grand needs to reevalute ways to Wow their clients and make their processes more efficient. I recommend valet parking for all and no self parking. Also a paperless system for parking and revisit room ammenities. It wouldnt hurt to liven up the casino with music and other attractions. It is a littlw unclear what the hotel theme is. That is an important part of being successful in this competive industry.Checking in at the Cosmo at 11am today. Curious to see if they have become more consistent with there experience..
4	We usually stay at the Golden Nugget since most of the hotels in downtown Vegas are crap, but the Grand is giving the Nugget a run for it's money. Newly remodeled, the hotel and rooms are very nice and CLEAN. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite and were very impressed with the size of the room and how comfy the bed was. The hotel is working out the kinks I guess cause the TV didn't work, the shower had no curtains, and their free wifi was spotty. Why park in the god awful dingy garage when valet is free..The happy hour at the Commissary was great and the drinks at the Art Bar unique. Would definitely do a staycation here again now that Downtown Vegas is revitalized and there's so many new places to check out!
1	Let me start by saying the hotel and casino looks nice. The restaurants are all over priced.  For spending like over 100 million the Hotel is not good at all. Rooms small, bath rooms small  too. Bell staff and Valets are great.  If you go to eat across the street to the commissary don't expect great service you wont get it and if you ask in the morning to talk to a manager good luck he is rude !  You have a lot of choices Downtown to stay I would say golden nugget or Plaza would be number one and two.
4	Hats off to this cool new boutique hotel casino in downtown just off Fremont Street (short easy walk). It kind of reminded me of a small Cosmopolitan because of artsy deco everywhere. The small casino floor has a good feel and layout. As a new club member we were given a random amount of FREEPLAY starting at I believe $5.  Offerings include a variety of eats and places to grab a drink.  Though we visited during the day the vibe was good, I can imagine the Downtown Grand being a fun place to hang out during the evening/weekend. I definitely would consider staying here on a future stay. We didn't gamble a whole lot but the little we did we broke about even.  by ScottVegas.com
4	Febuary of    this       year     was  the  first  time  we  have  stayed  downtown,  we  had  a great  time  and  are  going  back  in  March.   I  suggest  you  try  out  the  grand.  yes  the  parking  lot  needs  some  work ,  but  not  that  bad ,  thay  will  park  your  car  for  you !
4	We got a 2 nights complimentary stay in this new hotel and we had a wonderful time. Located in the old downtown, it has a nostalgic feel to it. We walked everywhere! The room was simple, cosy, clean and modern! Requested a room at the lobby tower. The other building is quite a walk and we're layzeeeeee! We got the 18th floor with a great view of the mountains and downtown area.Service was great and efficient! A lot of places within walking distance if u're hungry at night. We will be back!
4	This was the first time I'd ever stayed in one of the Downtown hotels, and I was a little nervous. Being a fan of the Strip, I prefer my hotels to be newer, clean, and modern. Overall, the Downtown Grand did not disappoint! Although probably a little more expensive than some of the other hotels Downtown  ($120/night + $11 resort fee), I feel as though it was a great value for the money. It is pretty well located, right across from the Gold Spike, near the Mob Bar and Pizza Rock. The hotel itself is very modern and clean. They definitely spent some time and effort on the remodel and it shows. It is very close to being a "boutique" hotel. Getting into the valet area was a little confusing, and I guess there are two towers, , but those are small things. Check in was smooth and easy.The room itself was really pretty! It isn't a very large room, but the decor was very lovely. Everything was overall clean, but there was a pretty big red stain right by the door (as if someone spilled paint, and it never came out of the carpet). There is a large flat-screen tv, with lots of channels, and the bed was very comfortable. They also provide you with earplugs, which I thought was a great touch, since it does get pretty loud downtown. (they weren't very effective, but it was a good idea anyway).The only downside of the room was the bathroom. While it looked very modern and inviting, it really wasn't practically designed. The shower was particularly poorly set up. There is only a 1/2 glass door, so the back half of the shower is open. That is unpleasant for a few reasons. One- I felt like I never got a hot/steamy shower! Even though the water was warm enough, I shivered through my shower because of the draft coming in from the open space. Two- having the open shower means that water gets on the floor! It wasn't like a flood or anything, but it was a bit irritating.  The sink also was not very practically designed. It was one of those large, shallow sinks, rather than a deep sink, which also meant that water splashed on the counter and if you need a full basin of water- it isn't happening. The beds and pillows were very comfy, but they don't give you a blanket/bedspread/comforter. I'm sure that I could have called down to housekeeping to get one, but I wish that one had been provided somewhere in the room. One other thing that was pretty neat is that you can text down to valet with your ticket number, and they will bring your car around! They send you a reply text with an ETA, and when you come out at the appointed time- your car awaits! I thought that was a great service, and I hope this catches on at all of the hotels.We also visited the 24 hour sportsbook deli/cafe in the wee hours of the night and got a quick meal. It was delicious! We just got fries and sandwiches (I got the ham, egg, and cheese croissant), and it was really yummy. Overall, I did enjoy the Downtown Grand, and I'd stay there again! (but please redesign those showers!)
5	I had such a great time at this hotel.For people complaining about a resort fee - get over it. Most hotels charge it, and The D across the street charges $20 a night compared to $11.The customer service at this hotel, hands down, is the best you'll get anywhere in downtown. From the valet, to the check in, to the dealers, we were blessed with amazing service from everyone. The bartender at the ArtBar (I think his name was John) was super pleasant and helpful the entire weekend. Most bartenders are downright rude, but this guy was the complete opposite.I will definitely be staying here again for all future visits.
4	Booked a last minute room late one night.  For what I paid, I didn't expect much but was pleasantly surprised by how nice the Downtown Grand is.  Renovations in this part of town are booming and this place should not be overlooked.
5	This is a great hotel...for many reasons. The rooms are large and beautifully appointed. We stayed in a Premium Room which is a step above a Deluxe Room and were very happy with it. The bed was very comfy with nice quality sheets and pillows. There were outlets available on each nightstand, which was very nice since it was very convenient to charge our iPhones. The large TV was true HD and looked incredible. The customer service in all areas of the hotel was number one. From check-in, to casino, to valet everyone worked hard to make us happy. They seemed happy to serve and eager to please. One of the big pluses of this hotel is its affiliation with the Triple George Restaurant across the street.  My wife and I  were fortunate enough to get a comped dinner there, and it was fantastic (get the ribeye!). Overall, we have a wonderful experience every time we come. So if you're looking for a nice hotel where people understand the value of  customer service, then give the Grand a chance. You won't regret it.
4	It was a lot better then most hotels in that area of Vegas. It's new. They need to work on a few things.... Lol
4	I was in town for the Mint 400 and the Downtown Grand was recommended by a friend who told me it had recently been remodeled. Check in was great, the room was fantastic and the staff was tremendously friendly and helpful.The only odd thing was the shower didn't get quite as hot as I would have preferred, but that is a personal preference. Room rates were great, there were great restaurants - like the Triple George Grill - right across the street, and it was about a block and a half to Fremont Street. This is now my first choice for a place to stay when I'm in Vegas.
5	We enjoyed our stay here. Only complaint is the noise level coming from the Hogs and Heifers bar until two o'clock in the morning. If loud noises bother you make sure to ask for a room that faces away from the bar.
4	Downtown Las Vegas has become more and more appealing to the working 30 something class. The Downtown Grand fits the needs of the younger working class.  Great dinning, grab n go food outlets, Fun pool life, and great bar options.  The Service at the desk to the casino floor is great.  Employees give eye contact and greet you as you walk on by. The Standard rooms are tight in space but clean, crisp look with vibrate colors. You can not beat the location of the hotel to the action of Freemont.   I loved  i can just by walking out of my room that I was into the heart of the downtown nightlife.  My only flaw was that room service in the AM for breakfast was a hot mess. The order was missed and 1.5 hrs later it came missing a coffee.   Room service operates out of the Casino Restaurant.  Next time, I will just go downstairs.
5	stayed here twice great experience-free bottle of water-free internet-discount coupon book-friendly staff-casino with low starting bet ($5 black jack)-cleanif you are sensitive to noise ask to stay in the side of the building that's not facing the fremont street.the only complaint I have is valet when I arrived the hotel didn't help taking my luggage out from the car but when I pick up the car the valet was great.
2	tried to get room on wed nite and they jerked us around by $20 on a "better room" yet front desk says it basically the same. so we went to gold nugget instead.
3	3.5 if possible. It was an ok place not amazing. The staff however was really helpful but the casino kinda small and the restaurant we went to sucked. I can't rmr the name but it's near the back and off to the right of the casino. I'd say not bad for a downtown casino that's on the small side and I wouldn't say I won't be back anytime soon.
5	Loved this hotel! Stayed one night and it was cheap. Nice, modern, clean and friendly staff! Great restaurants around it also. Highly recommended! Table games were cheap, but I didn't win lol.
4	Just an overnight stay but got very positive vibes. Hotel was fully booked with a visiting group but the staff handled everything for me perfectly. "The Commissary" is like an up scale Deli that serves rotisserie chicken which I found very eatable. They also own Pizza Rock which serves thin crust pizza with the highest quality ingredients. Went back for seconds.Will return for a longer stay.
4	Remodeled hotel. Used to be the Lady Luck.We had gotten an invite to stay for free, we just had to pay the resort fee of $11.00. The room we had was very nice. We usually stay on the strip when we go to Vegas. Staying downtown was OK. No problem going where we wanted. The slots were better than most places we played. On very little we got to play for many hours. I don't go to Vegas to win. I go to Vegas to get out of Phoenix for a couple of days, relax, watch people. This hotel provides a great place to do what I like, just chill out for a couple of days. When I go back to Vegas I will definitely consider staying here again.
1	The rooms are fairly priced for a Vegas hotel, but the services is below par.  It took us over 45 minutes to hail a cab for a ride to the airport.  Not a bad place, but go into your stay here expecting below-par service.
4	I love this hotel. I think they are going to change what a downtown hotel is all about. Comfortable rooms, tons of night life and food options around the hotel. Clean, upscale but affordable. They recently opened their pool area called Picnic. I love it. Such a cool space. I was there when they had three local bands playing pool side and it was very cool. I recommend it even if you live in Las Vegas and you just want a night or two away from home.
2	If you are looking for a warm welcome and exit with some smiling faces, you definately won't find it here.  Seems everyone working here for some reason or other never smiles?  From the valet attendants to the check in experience and restaurants.  I did manage to get an  employee to smile a little after I brought it to his attention while exiting the property.  Is it that they are not happy working there?   We didn't get to check into a room until 4:30 p.m. and the place was not even busy. 1/1/2 hours late.   I was very nice and patient  throughout the whole process but that went nowhere fast.  We did not get a room until I had asked for a manger who never showed up.  Finally, I said either please get me a room, any room now or I am leaving.  Finally, the soft spoken employee was able to find a room.  She said they were cleaning the rooms  Come on, are you kidding me?   The room was nice and the water bottles were nice, but I had alread paid for them.  Is that what they call complimentary?  To me the beds were awful.  They were sagging on the side and quite uneven on the other?  I don't know which beds the other reviewers were raving about, but our beds were awful to sleep on at best.   Upscale, I don't think so.    Overall, it seemed that none of the employees really wanted to be there and were not helpful at all.  With all the competition you would think the managers would focus more on friendly customer service as there are many other places to stay at.  Will not stay here again no matter what the price.  Too bad because repeat customers are so important in the success of any business.  If they don't do something fast, they are going to going to go down the the same road as Sears and JC Pennys.   Management please  do not respond to this e-mail as I do not want to read another of your boiler plate apoligies.  I say be creative and respond to future reviewers with some tack, creativity,  thoughtfulness and maybe some good ole fashion sincereity.   You just might win some repeat customers which is vital to your operation.  This place does have some potential and I thought the location was outstanding.
4	Each year, at the beginning of spring I take a short vacation - two or three days. I gather up my meager savings, pack my bags and head out to Sin City and one of my favorite downtown hotels.This year thanks to an offer for a two night complimentary stay I checked into the Downtown Grand - once the Lucky Lady Hotel and Casino. This modern hipster destination, just a short block from the Fremont Street Experience was a pleasant surprise. In fact, the whole block was a surprise after having seen it in a completely different state during my visit this time last year. I was amazed at the transformation from seedy skid row to quaint inter-city block lined with tables and chair that front restaurants, a popular biker bar and shops. Truly a welcomed and needed change to this once neglected area.Parking is a little tricky, there is only one way to access the front of the hotel and valet parking off Steward - self parking is off Ogden across from the hotel/casino.Here is where I say, there is nothing like staying in a newly built hotel, everything is so shiny! The rooms are small but nicely done and include a flat screen - beds are pillow topped - yes - and the bathrooms are modern - easy Internet access. Let me not forget to mention the central air - a wonderful thing! They have a nice little diner on the casino floor - Steward and Ogden - where a delicious and reasonably priced meal can be enjoyed. I had breakfast there and it was great. There is the "Mob Bar" - it is dark and inviting - you'll have to check it out - I would have hung there if the good jazz band had been a little quieter - leaving the noise of Fremont Street, I would have enjoyed a little lower decibel level in the cozy bar. The Casino is fitted with all the newest machines and gaming tables and is lain out in such a way that it is easy to find your way around. There is a lovely shallow pool on the third floor roof and lots of seating along with a picnic area where on selected nights they offer live entertainment.  A couple of things I did not care for. Completely over-priced Cabanas - $350.00 for the day. Hey, guys! That is what The Hard Rock charges, and they have private tents with TVs and small refrigerators plus a real sand beach. You are over priced for what you are offering and quite probably, your clientele's budget. Also please, please give each floor an ice machine and provide more than one room key at check-in. One should not have to chase down their traveling companion every time they want to access the room. All in all, I enjoyed my stay at the Downtown Grand and give it my recommendation.
4	This hotel just re-opened a couple months ago (former Lady Luck) , and is now one of the nicer hotels in Downtown Vegas.  Service was great here; everyone was so accommodating.  A few things to note about the hotel-1. There are 2 towers, with a bridge connecting the 2 towers.  After a certain time at night, you have to go the long way, out of the main tower to exit the hotel.  If you are carrying your own luggage to your room it can be a bit of a hassle.  2. Our room was facing the motorcycle bar at the bottom of one of the towers.  The hotel provided us complimentary ear plugs, I guess because it can be pretty noisy with the motorcycle bar right below the rooms.  We didn't need to use the ear plugs though.3.  I guess with all the updates they did to the hotel, they didn't have enough money left to put a full shower door in.  Just kidding.  But the shower in our room consisted of a glass wall that only covered half of the shower, the other half of the shower was left open.  None of my friends, nor I were too fond of the shower.  If you move around in the shower you're definitely going to splash water outside on the floor.  Also, there were no bars or anything in the shower to hang up the washcloth.  It was a very 'modern'.overall, the next time I stay in Downtown, this would be the hotel of my choice.
5	Loved this hotel! My husband and I always stayed on the Strip, but after receiving a 2 night stay at the Downtown Grand  and reading all the good reviews we decided to give it a try. This hotel is amazing...from the beautiful lobby to the cool upstairs terrace pool!  the room was beautiful, the employees were so nice and helpful and the casino was quiet . Such a nice change from loud, bright , noisy casino hotels. We loved eating at Stewart + Ogden ate twice for breakfast and once for a late night meal, the menu was diverse and the food was wonderful. Free self parking across the street for hotel guests and Fremont street  just one short block over. We are already hoping to come back during summer!
2	From what i hear, the newly renovated hotel is very different from what it once was. The feel is more mid century, old vegas, with an edge by having the Mob bar and Mob museum next door. The overall experience was good, but here are the pros and cons.Pro=-Cant beat the low cost, and added vouchers to use throughout the hotel.- Large rooms- Being walking distance from Wallgreens, Freemont Street, and places to eat.-When we asked for an iron they brought one up quickly.Cons=- The shower, as everyone said with the door not being present, water goes everywhere. But from a girl who likes hot showers, it also makes the heat escape and in order to stay warm you have to stay below the water and not move. - The noise of the motorcycle bar below, and when they have live entertainment by the pool. i would suggest asking for a room closer to the mob museum and away from these two things.- The walls are semi thin, I could hear the maid next door cleaning and sneeze.- I do not smoke and they put us on a smoking level because thats all they had. The level reeked of pot. So much so we went to Wallgreens our first hour to buy fabreeze which I sprayed all day every time I came into the room. - Our requested refridgerator was never given to us, but luckily we brought a cooler and went to the level below us to fill it with ice... sooo it wasnt all bad, as long as you prepare. - You cannot control the air so your room goes through stages of being cold and muggy. By the third day us and our family were all sick and it ruined our trip. After deducting all the possible reasons how we got sick... this was the common factor that bothered us all. - I did not have an issue with this, but my boyfriend said the bed was short for him. Food wise was okay, but if you're a veggie like me just bring things as you probably already do, and know that Nacho Daddy and Pizza Rock (both walking distance) have vegan and gluten free options. I might stay here again depending on where Im trying to go and if they work on these issues, I could see it as a great place to host an event.
5	I really enjoyed my stay here.  It was the first time away from the strip and I would stay here again.  We stayed for four nights in the tower across the street away from the casino.  We did not see or hear anyone on our floor the whole stay.  It was very quiet and the room was great.  Only a block away from Fremont Street/The D so it was a nice place to get away from it all.  Great places to eat and drink all around the property and Pizza Rock is great.  Pool was not open when we stayed but looking forward to checking it out next time we visit.  If you want a nice place to stay downtown I would highly suggest staying here.
4	Just spent 2 nights at this hotel. Overall a nice place. We had a room on the 26th floor, and it was a nice room. It needs a refrigerator,  we had to go the the 25th floor to get ice. Very small casino. They did not have a lot of different card tables like other casinos in the area.
4	Great price for the business traveler and not all about the casino scene.  Rooms are clean and comfortable and the price is right.  My only disappointment is the rooms are far from sound proofed.  Street traffic and neighboring rooms noise travel right through the windows that don't seem to be fully sealed between rooms.
4	Very very nice hotel in the downtown area. if you are not staying on the strip, I would def recommend this place. it's very new, modern, and brings the strip to you. The casino downstairs is very nice and there are plenty of restaurants of different cuisines and price points located in and near the restaurant. You are also across the street from the Mob Museum and Fremont. They also ahve a shuttle that takes you the Neon Museum, the North outlet mall, and also Container Park. We stayed in one of the suites on the top floor and view is very nice. The room was EXTREMELY spacious. Huge bathroom with ahuge walk in shower and tub, separate water closet and dual sinks. There was also a separate living area from the bedroom. Living area had a bar area and a separate half bath. Only cons - Valet only, shower doesn't have much pressure, and seriously could use a fwe more trash cans. I also kinda prefer a one switch turns on all the lights too instead of going to each lamp. gym is VERY small - there was only like 4 things. Pool could open earlier than 9AM honestly. however for the price, its a great value.
3	Took a family trip to Vegas this past weekend and the Grand offered my dad a 2 night complimentary stay in the premium rooms so we decided to check it out. After checking out some photos from the deluxe room, I would recommend upgrading to a premium for MUCH more space between the bed and tv.PROS:Clean rooms with nice bright colorsFree coffee and tea morning until 10:30amConvenient walk to the "Fremont Experience" downtownComplimentary valetFitness room access (although small, at least they have one for the gym junkies)CONS:Half covered shower.. prepare to freeze!Broken escalator and 2/4 elevators not workingStanding forever just to catch an elevatorSunlight still beamed through the bottom of the curtainsSketchy self-parking lot; valet your cars!You can tell it has been remodeled and there still has some work to be done but it's not a bad hotel to stay at if you are trying to find something cheaper and off the strip for easier access/parking. Not too sure if I would come back..
5	Beautiful newly renovated Freemont Street area hotel.  Great, super friendly dealers.  Great staff in the restaurants and bars.  Awesome cocktail waitresses!  Did I mention the dealers?  Outstanding.  Great new pool area on the 3rd floor roof area.  Fabulous hostess Marnelli.  Great spot.  Highly recommend.
4	The Downtown Grand LV is part hipster, part old school Vegas and part modern downtown LV rebirth. I was lucky to stay here for a couple of nights a couple of months back on a comp which allowed me to fully explore the hotel and everything it had to offer. First off, this place is a complete 180 from the old Lady Luck Casino. Man... was that place dodgy. Anyway, the remodel did an amazing job with place and it really reflects the new life being breathed into downtown LV. Now on to what matters. Room: The room was adequate in size and the furniture all retro modern and new. The bed was very comfortable and all the amenities perfect.Casino: The usual casino with the full array of table games and video poker and slots. Nothing to crazy here. It wasn't smoke filled either which was nice. That new casino ventilation system must work really well. Front Desk/Staff: Everyone was really friendly and very helpful during our stay. When we checked in, they gave us a coupon book with tons of buy one get one free drink and entree coupons. Overall, we had a great time and would greatly consider staying here again if we needed a place to stay downtown.
4	Good hotel. Cheap. Weird bathroom. Shower only. No door on shower. No shelves to put anything on. Very minimalist bathroom.Complimentary ear plugs (semi loud biker bar across the street). Also complimentary water. No fridge or microwave.Close enough to Fremont Street to casually walk there but far enough from it to avoid most of the noise and loud activity that typically goes on. Best of both worlds.
4	Talk about a GREAT location if you want to be close to Downtown LV and away from the Strip.  I stayed here while I was on a house hunting trip, and needed easy access to both the 515 and 15 freeways, and it was perfectly situated! The hotel is newly redecorated, and I really enjoyed the pool/picnic area and the comfy beds. The bathroom is very odd, and I was given a "handicap accessible" room to boot, so the my bathroom was even weirder than what others yelped about (no shower curtain, weird bench in shower, no counter space or soap holders in the showers, loud flushing toilet... lots of floor space for a wheelchair tho!)  I also got a pretty nice view of the city. They also don't really have "room service". They have a limited "in-room dining" menu and bring food up to you in paper bags/boxes like take-out. However, I'll give them an extra star for having watermelon juice on the menu :)Service was super duper friendly, and for the price ($57/night) I can't complain. They offer free coffee/tea in the morning at the Art Bar.  Valet parking is complimentary for guests, and they have a nice text-messaging service for getting your car ready. Decor is hipster/modern with weird Asian influences. Be warned - they do charge an $11/night resort fee (basically for the wifi & bottles of water....ugh)
4	We stayed here when we attended the 2014 Great Vegas Festival of Beer. We really didn't know what to expect and just went off some of the Yelper's photos and comments. The room was really nice. The beds are nice and comfy. I understand the complaint about the showers and the glass barrier. Water pressure was a little on the low side. Definitely cold body parts when taking a shower! I should of requested the ear plugs, I don't understand why the DJ was blaring music directly towards the hotel rooms. We dined at the Red Mansion, the food was good, reminded me of PF Chang's.We stopped by the Art Bar to get our complimentary coffee and it's self-serve. We sat for a bit and enjoyed the ambiance of the Art Bar. Overall we enjoyed our stay. I would have definitely liked to see more Nevada/Vegas craft breweries/beers on tap, but then again I could always walk to either Bangers, Triple Seven @ Main Street Station or Chicago Brewing @ Four Queens.
3	First time visit to Downtown Grand Lot's of hidden fees. .... pool picnic area pretty cool but to many rules especially when your ready to relax.  Nice hotel not much more to say about this place.  Not very impressed.
4	The Commissary at the DT Grand is the place for great rotisserie chicken. If you are in the mood for some casual fare this is the spot. It is across the street from the main casino so you don't get that frenetic charge casinos give off and you can relax. On three separate occasions  enjoyed their tasty chicken with a side of quacamole and chips and a cold beer.  Whether you are ahead or behind at the tables this is a place to savor a peaceful atmosphere and good food.
5	I was a blackjack player at the Orleans for 12 years. They treated me fair there, but I have found a new Home to play. The GRAND is by far the nicest, cleanest and friendliest casino hotel Downtown. I am a pit player only. The pit supervisors Mandi, Yasmin and Nikkie go above and beyond every time I play. It is because of them I keep coming back. Keep up the great work.
4	Reading all these reviews n some r true some r like come on really any who I am in the hotel right now  n I have to say it is a good hotel there r wonderful rooms a good gym n bars n casino . The awkward part yes it is the bathroom .... For the shower there is only 1 glass closing u n to me it's a idc .the room is wonderful if ur looking for a "just to sleep the night " n then wake up the hole day out if the hotel doing ur business.... The bad thing bout the hotel is the walls n the windows r so thin u could hear everything so it makes sleeping very hard .  it's a very good hotel the beds r very comfy I didn't like the pillows because I feel like I was sinking in it but over all  this hotel is a must say wonderful service valet parking was good excalent
4	New hotel, great service.  The rooms are nicely decorated, everything was new & clean.  The bed was SUPER comfortable.  One of the best I've ever slept on.  The Picnic pool area is on the 3rd floor, super sunny and catches a nice breeze to keep you cool.  Awesome cabanas with great live music.  Great room rates, and a nice change from staying on the strip.    They provide an in-room menu for the pizza place across the street, but they won't deliver at 3AM.  Or 4AM.  Trust me, I tried.  Also, the hotel front desk doesn't want to hear about how they won't deliver at 3AM or 4AM, respectfully.
4	Great price! - perfect scheme for you to leave your well earned moolah for gambling :) Rooms are new, beds are super comfy, free WiFi - the other room amenities are standard hotel room templates. The only negative thing was the weird half-glass covered showers. Doesn't do its job - water still splashes out + you'll get ball shrinkage.Another observation - I was on the 9th floor and it was rather noisy. I don't mind the noise but for those who do, the hotel provides ear plugs in each room.
5	What a great place to stay. It's perfect--away from the craziness of the Strip when you need a break, but just down the block from the Fremont Street Experience which in a way we liked even better. It's not as flashy obviously but it has a more intimate friendly feel (and is cheaper!). The hotel cost was also really reasonable. The rooftop pool is AWESOME except for a lack of enough shade--more umbrellas please! The staff was uniformly friendly and helpful. There aren't fridges, irons, or microwaves in the rooms but if you ask they will bring one up for you for free (based on availability). We'll definitely stay here next time we're in Vegas.
1	Interesting Finish out. Nice staff.Those were the pros.Cons:The half door on the shower floods the bathroom.The  very stylish design sink did not drain, so when rinsing my swimsuit out (after 30 minutes of swimming before I was asked to leave) - there was no room to rinse, for the sink was full of standing water.The rooms come with ear plugs, Why you ask? The music is so darn loud and the walls and windows are so inadequate  - Rip Van Winkle could not sleep. And on top of the noise - after the music finally stopped at 2:30, sleep was inevitable UNTIL the sun came up at 7 and filled the room with light. The Curtains are too small. groan......There is no dark, cold and cozy in the room after the sun comes up.I called prior to making a reservation to ensure they had a pool for there are no pics on the website. I was assured they do. But, I visited the pool the first night at 6PM and was asked to leave promptly at 6:30 for the area had been rented for a private party. The pool hours are 9am - 7Pm - yes......pool closes at 7PM in LAS. Go figure.I needed to stay  an extra night for work. My first night was $69. I am not complaining for $69. However, the second night was $229. No negotiation.Folks, this is not a $229 per night experience. I moved to the lovely Renaissance Hotel for $129 and was amazed at the difference in quality.  What was I thinking?If you don't need sleep, a pool after 7pm or a reasonable rate - THIS IS YOUR PLACE! ENJOY!!!!!!!
2	The shower in this hotel is the worst shower I have ever taken a shower in.. I could Pee stronger than this shower. Absolutely no water pressure to wash off the smell of strippers and beer.
4	Wow pleasantly surprised ! I don't usually stay downtown but was offered a free room so I thought I'd give it a try. The rooms were spacious , clean and very modern decor. There was a lot going on to see and do. They have a nice pool area with lots of comfortable seating and live music from 6-12 . They also have free comedy show and dueling pianos. Also easy access to downtown festivities which are always entertaining. I would definitely recommend and return .
3	This place was nicely decorated and newly renovated. When we walked in, we were impressed. The rooms are great if you plan on partying all night and never plan on really sleeping or staying in. For my husband and I, we go to Vegas to eat and sleep. This hotel is not good if you want to sleep.The bed was okay. It was too soft for us and our backs ached so badly. The shower was weird. There was one glass pane covering HALF the shower - no door or shower curtain. The water would splash out and it was a cold shower since the heat of the water was escaping from the open part. Who is the genius that thought that up? The next issue we had was the noise. We were on the 9th floor far away from the pool area and we could hear the DJ until 2 am in our room. We went to check out what the commotion was and there was no one really up there, just a few barflies. The music doesn't need to be that loud. The walls inside are REALLY thin. I am not exaggerating - we could hear the conversation next door. It was creepy because all of a sudden someone started talking. We even heard our neighbor's TV all night. I could recognize which episode of Fresh Prince they we watching because we can hear the TV clearly. The price was good and the amenities were great, but if you plan on getting some rest at night, stay somewhere else. This hotel is more for those who do not plan on staying in their rooms for very long.
5	So we're here in Las Vegas for "Punk Rock Bowling" I saw this place on Priceline. So I booked a room for 2 nights. Well this is a really nice hotel. Pretty much brand new. The room we got is super nice for the price. We're up on the 25th floor and when I come to LV I'll be staying here again. You just can't beat it. Great price, Great room & the food downstairs is great too!
1	The worst experience ever! Exceptionally rude staff, reservations desk is a mess (don't book through Booking.com either)  -- we went with kids so they treated us like hell. Not the Vegas of the Strip or even Fremont Street...this is just a bullshit hotel with terrible beds and ignorant staff -- a hotel that is not in any way inviting... would have rather stayed in my car. Do not be fooled by the good reviews some people are giving this place, it's truly awful.
5	This hotel is awesome!  They make sure you have a great experience.  The whole concept is unique from the pool to the room design. The food at the spread can be a bit blah, but the other restaurants prove to be very good. I always extend my stay longer than expected every time I come.
5	i'm a fan. the hotel is new and the decor is great. the rooms are super clean and the lobby and casino area aren't smelling of ciragette. i would go back.
4	This was my second stay at the downtown Grand. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated. They are small but functional. I liked the extra power outlets by the bedstand for charging all my devices. My only complaints are the showers. They are not fully enclosed and No iron in room. Other than that the place is convenient to Freemont street and away from the noise.Update 7/1/14Downtown Grand has proven generous in comping rooms. However if they are serious about attracting people then I would suggest changing the pay tables on their video poker and changing the pays on Blackjack. Good games with full pay will attract locals and visitors. I gambled at the casino but wouldn't video poker (Went to main Street casino for full pay) I tried the slots and played some but they seemed really tight. The food and coffee are great (Pizza Rock is so worth the walk) but the bad odds on games prevent me from spending too much time on the property.Final note: it is a walk to Freemont street. The area can feel a little sketchy. If something was done to clean up the area even more I think they would get more foot traffic.
5	This place is pretty awesome. It's a block off of Fremont St, which some might think is a bad thing due to the shady history of that part of DT Las Vegas, but It's perfectly safe and the walk from the front door of the casino to Fremont St takes about 3 minutes max. I usually self-park but since the lot was across the street I decided to valet, which was free (like most if not all LV casinos). You simply text the number on the back of the ticket on the way downstairs. My car rolled up about 5 minutes after texting. Check in was extremely stress-free and quick, considering they only have a few hundred rooms. The staff was extremely genuine and very helpful (was immediately told by a security guard when we walked in the door with our luggage that check in is to the right).The elevators in our tower were very quick. We never had to wait more than a minute or two, despite it being a sold out holiday weekend. If anyone's ever stayed at some of the nearby hotels, waiting 15 minutes to go back up to the room because you forgot something is incredibly annoying. The standard room we had was spotless and smelled fresh (because they're brand new). The furnishings were modern but pretty modular looking. The desk had an outlet built into it with a USB port to charge your phone/device. The lamp on the nightstand also had the mandatory charging outlet for your devices. There is a clock radio with a jack to plug in your phone/ipod (the speakers are about 1.5 watts. The room had an extremely comfy chair so you don't have to lay in bed to watch the TV (your significant other will have to tho). Beds were average. Check this out though... our standard room had a 50 inch LG tv. I know "this is vegas..." but watching south park on a big screen in a hotel is an excellent way to nurse a hangover and that in itself is a major plus. Our room's AC pumped. The room never smelled like smoke despite having guests who were partaking. The ventilation system in the casino must be state of the art. The bathroom was average and I don't even have to mention the shower door issue other than the hotel should take note and spend the $20.00 a room and throw up a curtain to stop the splatter onto the floor. It didn't bother me but based on the other reviews was a big deal to a lot of people. The casino was very nice and had minimal smoke (I don't care, but based on reviews, I guess this is a major thing in casinos for many folk). The exposed duct work shows that they spent a fortune on a major ventilation. The table games were friendly and the staff was totally cool with a little lively fun at 5am. The casino is slightly smaller than average. It's about the size that you can tell your travel-mates that you'll be downstairs and they will have no problem finding you in 5-10 minutes. The decor of the casino is pretty cool and modern. Lots of exposed structural steel and duct work. We noticed a lot of details that aren't exactly fancy like the cosmopolitan or anything, but show the extreme attention to detail that went into the finish design of the hotel/casino.The pool is small and sunny. The deck area itself was pretty nice looking. I didn't spend too much time out there as I was already sun-baked from the day before and there wasn't any shade. As a long-time Vegas participant I feel they did a fantastic job at resurrecting a vacant and blighted part of downtown and completely invigorated it. I'm not hyper-critical of hotels like some yelp reviewers are but I see this place has some heart and I can tell there are people running the place who are actually trying. With some fine-tuning the place can be a real winner as long as they keep up the good work.
4	This place is looking pretty good these days, especially for those that want to stay in Vegas, but away from the strip. It is right downtown, right by Fremont street. It is comfortable and pretty classy. It is more of the kind of place that the locals would recommend.
5	Stayed here from 05/29-06/01(today) and it was excellent. We had a 2 day free room coupon and no problems using it. They put us in room 1202 which is a corner room so we had the best view of Fremont St from the hotel. Food is fast and good, the AC worked and you cant smell much smoke if any. The casino is small and there are not many tables open in the early morning but all the staff were extremely friendly. I met the best dealer ever: Bill. Bill was dealing us Pai Gow in the morning and was friendly and at the same time was paying attention and did not make 1 mistake for the 3 hours we were there. He is a very nice man and I highly recommend playing any game with him. The only thing I dont like is the shower is only half covered with glass and I never got the mini fridge I requested, but man this hotel is nice!
2	Update to my initial review. This hotel has nice clean rooms, however you must request them to replace your towels daily, and they don't make the beds or replace the sheets unless you stay for more than 3 days. It state in the room bedding is replaced every 3rd day of your stay. They offer complimentary water gym, wifi etc. but it cost $11.00 for this "Complementary" service. Apparently they don't understand the meaning of Complementary". So in review, I would not recommend staying here as there are many hotels in LV that customer service is the first priority, and they understand the definition of "Complementary". However the restaurant in the lobby is First Rate and the servers are awesome. they will get 5 Stars.
4	This is a nice hotel in the downtown/fremont area. The pool area is nice,  just wish the pool was heated and wish it was all Non smoking. The rooms are on the smaller side, but clean and well maintained.
5	What can I say, VERY nice rooms & had an offer for 2 free nights so how could I not have a great time in Vegas? Truthfully I would pay the regular price for this premium room ($69) because it would be worth it. A lot of people say" the room doesn't matter that much cuz your only gonna sleep in it, not gonna live there!" I say, "Gotta have a excellent bed to get a excellent nights sleep and a nicely put together bathroom to enjoy an invigorating shower or leisurely 30 minute relaxing bath!" Staff were great and enjoyed the downtown area, didn't even go to the strip! FYI: deluxe room which is smaller is $49  These are mid week prices I'm quoting.
4	A viable option in Downtown Las Vegas.  They did a great job with the re-model of the hotel and rooms.  It's on the nicer part of downtown and the city did a good job of cleaning up this area.  Rates are reasonable and there is easy access to and from the freeway.They offer self parking next to the hotel and I can see why the comments from the other reviews are describes it as "sketchy"  as the parking lot is a little dirty.  But I noted some security guards patrolling the area different times and there is some foot traffic around the lot.  Otherwise if you still uncomfortable, there is complimentary valet parking available.The room includes two complimentary bottles of water, the tv is gigantic, and a safe is available for your use. The only complaint that I have is the weird shower where half of it is open and can't slide, WEIRD.
4	So my short review is we liked this place a lot and would definitely stay there again......now on to the details and pros/consWe decided to have a fun (staycation!!) night on Fremont St. and go to First Friday (let me add here that F.F was 1.5 miles away, which I was not aware of...we walked it, but that was a surprise, apparently I need to pay more attention to where things are located) Anywho, we got a King Suite and really enjoyed it. Pros:Check in was fast and room was ready early for us. Room looked/felt very clean. Bed was great. I slept very well and I am usually a bad sleeper in hotel rooms. Room was very stylish and large. Two bathrooms. Fixtures were very swanky/modern. Pair of earplugs in room (definitely needed..see cons below) Air conditioning was nice and cold. 2 free waters in room, along with a refrigerator you can put your own stuff in. Free coffee downstairs in the morning. Dealers were very nice at the tables and the slots were fairly loose, especially if you are comparing them to the Strip. Cons: These things didn't necessarily bother us, but I am trying to think of things other people may be bothered by$50 hold on your card for possible room damage. Walls/Windows were THIN. You could hear the people next door like they were in your room and the street noise past 4am. Furniture had some stains...which of course, being in Vegas makes you think of what nefarious situations left those stains, but since the room felt pretty clean to me overall, I wasn't really bothered by it. Shower was open (no door/curtain) with just a small pane of glass covering about half which made it fairly cold (being open to the large bathroom and room) and also allowed water to get on the floor. Air conditioner was loud, again didn't bother me, but just wanted to mention it. So like I said, I would stay again for sure. I liked it much better than other places we have stayed on the strip. We didn't get a chance to check out the pool which looked beautiful and it made me wish we had booked an additional night. Hopefully we can make it back again soon :-)
4	The Grand is trendy and chic. I'm pleasantly surprised by the hotel and restaurant rates. The reason for the 4 stars:1. They only offer a one bedroom suite as their largest guest room.2. The loud music from speakers outside the building (ogden side) plays until early morning. It's like sleeping on top of a club.3. Elevators are not air conditioned. Gets really hot in there.4. They need more people at front desk when there are large numbers of check ins. They should be able to see their reservations and schedule staff accordingly. 5. The hotel lobby signage from valet is pointing the wrong direction.(we made a big circle)Everything else as in prices points, accessibility to surrounding attractions, pool, gym, services and room cleanliness it is a great property overall.
1	I was sent a survey and listed these issues. At the Valet parking the Bell-person took my bags. He stated call us after check in and we guarantee delivery within 5 minutes. When I called from the room the Bell said 30-40 minutes. When asked about the 5 minute delivery they said we are busy. When I arrived at the room there was 1/2 roll of toilet paper in holder and no extra toilet paper.Long wait at front desk due to only 4 positions available. No ice machine, even though there is a location labeled "Ice Machine and Vending". No iron or board.  Even though Housekeeping said there is one in every room.  THIS WAS THE HOTEL's RESPONSE:Mr. XXXXXXX,Thank you for your feedback regarding your recent stay at the Downtown Grand.  I apologize if you felt the wait was too long at the Front Desk when you first arrived.  As far as your other comments, please be advised that Housekeeping can provide all the amenities listed.  Toilet paper should have been readily stocked in your room, prior to your arrival; however, irons and ironing boards are on a request basis with Housekeeping.  Ice machines are on every other floor in both towers.  In most cases, if you do not see an ice machine on the floor you are on, you can access the elevator or stairwell to the floor above or below.  The Front Desk is available 24/7 to answer any questions regarding amenities and location.  If you choose to stay with us in the future, please do not hesitate to ask us or the Concierge with any assistance you may require.  I hope this information is beneficial to you.  Please respond with any further questions, comments, or concerns. Have a wonderful evening, Thank you,Christina NapolitanoHotel Assistant Managere: cnapolitano@downtowngrand.comp: 206 North 3rd Street Las Vegas, Nevada 89101702.719.5100DowntownGrand.com
2	Not my favorite, disappointing,. had a 1 bedroom 2 bath suite. Sounded good but housekeeping could have done a better job, hair all over the carpet and old hair tie in the corner. Talked the powers that be they weren't too helpful. Should have had a hotel directory in the room ( to tell about the facilities, ice machines etc. they didn't have one in this room, called the desk, said they would send one up, never  got it.You have two choices when parking, valet which we didn't want or park across the street for a fee and carry you're luggage. The check in people were not very helpful about directing us to our room. We had to take an elevator  to the 3rd floor cross the bridge then go up another elevator, we had to find that out ourselves. It's summer and the pool is only open until 7pm.It's really too bad I was looking forward to staying here but never will again.
5	Great hotel in nice location.  We came on a small budget for a quick get away and it was either get a new hotel in downtown or stay in a p.o.s spot on the strip and spend more $$$. As you can tell from this review the new hotel won. A block from the Fremont Experience and a short short taxi ride (5-20 min depending on time of day) to the strip this place was a winner. I really enjoyed my stay! The staff was super friendly from check in to check out, the room was perfect and the pool area was the bomb. I was at the pool chillaxing every day. The music was good and the vibe was great! People complain about the shower...big damn deal. It was 100% perfectly fine. This is actually a trend in updated homes in Los Angeles and as a real estate broker I see the half showers almost every day...very nice! People also complain about hearing music from the street. I could hear the music from my room only once.  Again no big deal we still slept fine and also because we were out partying the rest of the nights . Who goes to Vegas for peace and quite? The only thing they could improve on is adding more umbrellas to the pool area. The sun is no joke in VEGAS and brothas can't take all that heat...lol. I will be back! Missing Vegas already! Tip: Request a fridge and iron/ironing board at check in. Make sure your looking good when you hit the streets.
1	At first I thought the hotel was great, we got a free room from a promotion so I was really excited. We got a premium room with a view of Fremont st. They don't tell you that all day and night you can hear every single show or concert they play at the pool. It was so loud I could sing along to the music. We also had an adjoining room and because of which you could hear every word our neighbors said as well. It was the worst sleep I've had at any hotel. Last thing the shower only has half a door, so water goes everywhere and the air is always hitting you so your freezing even during a hot shower. Don't stay here it's not worth the money youlle save.
5	Great experience,  Great value, clean and modern.  I love complimentary, great tasting coffee in the lounge.One issue not related to the Downtown Grand- there is a biker bar, near the hotel, so book, even number room 842 for example instead of 841 (opposite side of bar), to lessen the noise. I will definitely revisit in the future.
4	This was the second time we have stayed here. This visit was for 3 days! I love the hotel, location, and the accessibility of Fremont St. The cons this vist, check in staff was stuffy and unfriendly, no upgrades, and slow maid service. When I made the reservation I inquired about a pool cabana since it was a big bday wknd for me. At that time they said I couldn't reserve until my check in time, so that's what I did. They in turn had me speak with the concierge that gave me the $150 rate but can't make the reservation that I need to see the pool manager. So, now at the pool they say since I didn't reserve in advance that the rate would be $350.....so fed up we just opted for the common area which was fine.  Only a note to others if trying to get a cabana! We ate at Triple George across the street....AMAZING!
1	I'm a local and the first time trying this establishment with some out-of-town guests in tow. We intended on checking it out and gambling for a while.  The renovations appear to have been done farily well, however, that's the only compliment this place gets. Pull into the valet and the first thing the attendant says is "we charge for valet....is that OK?"  What? Huh? How are you going to compete with all the other hotels (most that are of a much higher quality) if you have this policy.  The attendant then says just go inside and have it validated.  Went inside and the cashier says, "You have to sign up for a player card AND meet some kind of gambling minimum to get the validation".  OK, now you're just being stupid.  Went over to the player club booth to get the card.  The women working there was not at all friendly. My guests each had a matching play offer, so off to the BJ table we went.  Upon arriving at the table (nobody playing at it), we were rudely greeted by the dealer who seemed bothered that we interrupted him while he was.............. doing nothing.  He knew nothing about my guests' matching play offer and neither did the pit boss.  (I couldn't make this up, our experience was getting to be almost comical)  The pit boss comes back and says, "Oh, this starts next month".   NO WHERE on the match play were there any restrictions or limitations stating this time frame.  Nonetheless, we played a few more hands with the 'irritated' dealer who was replaced by another dealer, who seemed to be disgruntled as well.  Wow, well we had enough.  Cashed out and checked out of this inhospitable place.  Will not be returning and will not recommend this place to anyone.
4	A beautiful, hip, and industrial look give this newish casino more charm than any other downtown. I cannot wait to throw my wedding here in mere weeks!
1	This hotel looks cool. The rooms look modern and the pool gives you the benefit of looking like a modern vegas pool without it being packed and costing a lot of money.That being said, the customer service at this hotel is appalling. It is very clear that no one working there wants to put any effort into meeting your needs. I called ahead of time and asked to get adjacent rooms, but the person on the phone basically said that someone else in the hotel assigned rooms and they were unable to until we checked in. Our flights got delayed the first night and when we arrived we were informed that there were no more queens available (even though I booked 2 rooms with 2 queen beds, with 4 guests per room, and had called earlier that day). We were forced to take king beds, and the person checking us in told us to come by in the morning and we would be moved to queens and comped for the disservice. My sister called in the morning and was told by someone that there were no more queens available and there was nothing they could do for her (even though the guy promised us the night  before...). Meanwhile I went downstairs and was lucky enough to get someone who changed our rooms to queens. Of course there was no comp (even though this was promised to us before) and barely an apology for the s*** night of sleep we all got on the floor/sharing a bed a with 3 people.The rest of the weekend was filled with similar experiences of customer service. it was common to walk by the front desk and see a line of 10-15 people. Personally every time I stood in a line of THREE people it took them at least 20 minutes to help us, so I really felt sorry for those people. (it was rare for them to have more than 2-3 people working the front desk... laughable). Their computer system also appears to be one giant joke and was the main reason everything took so long. We requested a towel for our room and it took them over an hour to get it to us.Overall, the hotel is physically nice, the staff in the breakfast place was awesome, but man the customer service of the main hotel staff was just appalling. Expect to be treated like you don't matter.
4	Great hotel! If you want to be away from the madness of the strip, this is the place to be. The hotel in in a great location for walking around downtown. The hotel has a casino so if you want to gamble without having to deal with the strip. There are also great restaurants in the hotel.The rooms are nice and so are the bathrooms.
5	Spouse and I stayed at the Grand June 11-12.  Not one complaint.  Check in was easy and fast.  Ate at two of the restaurants they have and found them both good and reasonably priced.  Bartenders were friendly, Roulette hosts were friendly.  Rooms are new, modern and very clean.  Bed was comfy and the shower was not an issue for us as some had noted.   No noise noted in our room from neighbors or outside. We spent one night off the strip before heading to Harrahs and wish we had just stayed another night at the Grand.  We really liked the location, close walking to all of the downtown casinos and a number of restaurant options. We also were able to take an easy walk to the (Gold and Silver) Pawn Star shop to get some pictures ( which our kids loved).  This was our first time staying downtown and we had a lot of fun both at the Grand and on Freemont Street.  Plus we got a great weekday deal - under 40 a night. Would recommend this with no hesitation.
4	3.5 stars.Stayed here with a couple of friends during EDC weekend. Nice new hotel in downtown. Got 2 queens for 4 people, right next to the elevator. The room was quite nice. They gave us extra towels when we asked, but never gave us our blowdryer. The shower is a bit strange as you can't close it, but was designed well enough that it didn't matter.Free internet, was reasonably fast, but not super quick.Did not really check out any amenities like pool, gym as we were busy most of the time.Did not end up going to any of the food inside as there were plenty of options in downtown. There's no restaurant that is fast inside.Free parking with validation from the hotel. The garage is across the street from the hotel. Except for the machines were dysfunctional letting us out, and I had to try multiple times to actually be let out of the garage.Very close to the highway, so was super convenient to drive to the speedway.Total for 3 nights from Friday-Sunday was $455 + $37 resort fee. Quite reasonable for 4 people.
4	This is a nice hotel, staff are nice specially the guys from valet, every time they interact with you they greet you extremely nice, :) the front desk girl that help us didnt really smile and didnt seemed pretty energetic but she was nice.. now interior wise the rooms are small but nice and comfy, hotel in general is very clean and it looks pretty modern with pretty colors :) only reason why i dont give this place a 5 star its because it doesnt have a MICROWAVE or FRIDGE in the room, which there is enough space for them, if you want a microwave in the room you gotta pay $15 per day! and seriously microwave and fridge are a BIG + to me!!! But $15 a day to only use it once or twice, it's a little too much.. Hopefully they make some changes in the future because i would actually consider coming back here! But overall service is good! :)
4	I really enjoy the Downtown Grand, great place to hang out and visit.  The remodel has a great beautiful, hip, and industrial feel that makes this casino charming and fun!
3	Formerly Lady Luck ehh this place was ok music was loud, for me i probably won't be visiting anytime soon only if i get free rooms then maybe lol
2	My friends and I stayed at this hotel for EDC.This hotel is nice and modern, and the rooms are nice, the maids are attentive and give plenty of towels.HOWEVERWhen getting here and leaving, they tried to get more money from us. When we showed up, they tried to charge an extra 1000 dollars for a down payment because we were paying in cash(and a card)...When leaving... they tried to jack up our rates by 400$ because our rates were somehow incorrect when we got there?? and they tried to charge us an extra $150 for  the fridges in our room that we DID NOT have(on the phone they had said fridges were free)...After talking them down and having maids check our rooms to confirm we did not have fridges we finally got it back to our original rates, but it's ridiculous how they were trying to scam us...
5	I actually am so impressed of how fancy this place is.. I love it, very cool music, the art bar is beautiful.  Definitely worth coming here .. and especially very clean and you get free valley if you stay here or if you're visiting you pay 12$ for it, you can buy stg from the places inside or from pizza rock and get a validation and you're valley is totally free. The valley guys are extremely nice and helpful.... I love this place
4	We stayed here during my nieces wedding so we can hang on Fremont and it was a nice place.  The room was nice, clean and everyone was very friendly.  The hotel itself is in a great location with great deals.  I would recommend this place and as a matter of fact we are going to stay there again in a few days for my daughters Bday party.
3	Booked nonsmoking room through Priceline- when we arrived we were told there were no available nonsmoking rooms and we were being given a "smoking optional" room.  Yes, a smoking optional room means a smoking room that we had the option of not smoking in..... Pillows smelled of smoke... Clock was broken and we called down at 4 to ask for a replacement. When we returned at 11 the clock had been unplugged but a working one had not been provided. We're locals and had stayed there several times before- disappointing compare to our other stays. Also, workout room has only a few pieces of equipment.
5	Excellent place to stay!!! Staff very friendly, conveniently located two blocks from freemont experience, and across the street from mob museum, nice, hip, modern decor we will def. be here again
4	I reeally liked staying at the Grand. It has a great vibe and the rooms are a notch above the bare necessities of hotel rooms. Some people complained in their reviews about the shower with half a glass door - I wasn't bothered by it. The water didn't get all over the floor - just put the bath mat towel down. The rooftop pool was awesome. The music was really loud up there but not unbearable - maybe a bit of sensory overload after a couple of hours. Room service came in styrofoam to-go boxes which was not very gangster, but the food was decent. Decor is cool and not overdone. The black jack dealers were super friendly and alive, even at 3am, which we found not to be the case at The Stratosphere where we stayed the next night (booo)!! I would definitely recommend this place and would stay here again!
4	I loved this place! I just returned from staying there 7/3- 7/6...I really enjoyed this place! Very cute hotel. Simple...clean...well decorated...great!!!The Ogden & StewRt restaurant seemed very pretty, clean and nice. But we never got a chance to eat there. Next time. I DID get to eat at The Commissary. Loved it. Really good bacon cheeseburger. The bacon was a bit over cooked but beyond that...the burger itself was REALLY good. For breakfast I had their strawberry creeps. It's $6 for one. The one is very big and will more than likely fill you up. I didn't even finish mine. The Mexican hot chocolate was really good as well.Very nice pool area. It's pretty shallow. Probably 4'.I loved my room. I was in Room 2135 in the Grand Tower. Nice decor. Clean. Comfortable bed. Good view of the pool and mountains. Bathroom was a good size but I agree with all that say the shower was weird. The 1/4th glass enclosure is odd. It is drafty with all that openness.the water pressure for the toilet is very hardcore which is cool. But the water pressure for the shower was so weak!!! But with most of the  shower being open I would imagine it has to be low pressure or else water would really fly!!!I loved how they serve free coffee and tea everyday from 6:30am to 10:00am in the Art Bar in the lobby.Also this is a great location. Right by Fremont Street!! Be aware that there is a $50 per night incidental fee. I had to pay $150 for my 3 nights. Fabulous!!! They have no mini bar and nobody uses the room phones to make calls anymore. Why $150??? I'm just sayin...
2	this review is for parking only. the valet tells you it's free with validation and all you have to do is buy a drink or gamble, but they don't tell you it's a 10$ minimum. So when you come back to pick up your car you're roped into signing up for a player's card or like me, buying 4 tiny waterbottles. YAY.   So really you only save 2 bucks, not counting the time you waste because it takes their valet FOREVER to bring your car over. No thanks, not again.
1	I parked at the valet. Never again. Not sure what town this business thinks it's in, but we don't validate & we don't pay for valet in Vegas. Of course the attendant kept yapping at me about it when I voiced my displeasure at the $12 fee. I finally had to tell him to stop talking to me & just get my car. And for a biz that charges for valet...they take for.ever. I won't be back...not to park, eat, drink, or hang out. There's too many cool places to put up with the nonsense.
5	This place is fantastic! The pool is amazing, but the drinks are on the pricey side. Everything we had to eat here was incredible. I highly recommend the OMG burger! The casino is a bit small, but does the job.The staff was very professional and welcoming. Our room was on the 22nd floor. You could here the music from the bar downstairs in the room, but that's a given anywhere near Freemont St. The room was very modern and spacious. We will be staying here again.
4	This hotel is really nice, very clean, and has a pretty stylish look. Cheap rates and customer service is excellent! I really want to give it a 5 star but due to not having a fridge and a microwave, I'll give it a 4.
5	I received a comp in the mail from the Downtown Grand. I am a VIP Platinum member in the Venetian Palazzo and they treat me like garbage. Jessica Hernandez booked my complimentary reservation over the telephone. She was very courteous and professional. Very friendly! This is what I expect from the so called Five Diamond Resorts I am loyal to and spend so much money on. Those joints probably bribe AAA for the 5 Diamond Award  just for the prestige. The smaller places want your business and they are showing you that they want it by excelling in great service.Thank you Jessica. I hope I enjoy my stay and I look forward to being a patron. I am tired of so called  5 Diamond  joints that treat VIP's like everyday garbage and give you attitude, I salute you for your outstanding service.Next up, I will rate my stay.The place was clean, and the staff were very friendly. This place deserves more people in their casino because you can tell they put a lot of time an effort into renovating. The hotel is kinda cute and has a small work out room. Pretty budget hotel.I am one of those guilty one of playing in the bigger casinos. But next time I will give them a try.
5	I did not stay in the hotel.. However the casino is fantastic the staff is so nice and helpful and the machines actually arent too tight. I'm so happy someone made new life out of the old Lady Luck.. It's definitely worth the trip!
2	Air conditioning is controlled. Had it set at 60 to see if it would get any colder. Temp said it was 69. Yeah right. I brought my own thermometer because this had happened before. It was actually 78 in the room. Shower design is super lame. Shower width is 1/2 glass, and no door. Water goes everywhere. I have stayed here a few times to confirm consistency and give them another chance. Same every time, in every room. Internet is sporadic, terrible at best. Connects and disconnects constantly. Stewart and Ogden rest is terrible. Food sucks (once u get it). Waited 20 minutes to be seated, when half the rest was empty, then took 30 min to get food! Only give you roll of toilet paper on roller. No spare. If you want coffee, you must get it downstairs. All cabanas are empty because you have to spend $150 to get one. No comps on those. Just trying to keep it real. This place is a real bust even if you are comped rooms!
5	Great  hospitality and awesome rooms! I love the downtown view  from the rooftop pool.
4	The Downtown Grand is just that: Grand.Formerly Lady Luck, the property has been completely gutted, remodeled, and modernized. The Grand is swanky, hipster, and chic. As all Vegas hotel-casino combos do, there are tables games, card games, and multiple slots that sing and dance and light up. The Grand also hosts the Art Bar (pro-tip look up when drinking them down here) and Mob Bar and several little decked out spots on the casino floor. There is a small diner located on the property (Stewart and Ogden) and Red Mansion (which is only open on select nights) and there are a host of several awesome, locally owned establishments across the street (Pizza Rock, Triple George, Hogs and Heifers, and various other awesome places within reasonable walking distance). What's really cool about the Grand is that there are signs telling you which direction these places are located. PROPS! The Grand's pool is called Picnic (free access when staying) which has faux grass, is kid friendly, and has a variety of specials.The rooms did not disappoint either. For $63 a night, you're furnished with awesome views of the city, a large king bed, a large flat screen tv, free wifi, and because downtown tends to get loud, ear buds. The rooms have also been updated and have a modern touch until you get to the bathrooms. No big tub, no fan for when you go boo-boo, and it isn't anything really too special. All in all, The Grand is a great value and just one block from the heart of downtown.
3	Update for DG.We stayed last weekend. Again, I want to point out the staff is excellent.Room was clean, plenty of electrical outlets for charging, a little short on towels and still needs a fridge, but nice. I do like the valet texting for car pick-up, that worked great. A few things that bothered me more than I thought it would because I was expecting it from last time were:That ridiculous half shower glass wall. It makes the shower cold and still no place to hang a towel within reach. No in room coffee. Getting dressed and trying to make it downstairs to the lobby before 9 is not my Vegas mode. The incredibly bright room in the morning even with the curtains as closed as possible. For goodness sake it's Las Vegas, I don't need to get up at the crack of dawn to plow the fields. The swimming pool closes at 7pm! Really? It was 106 at seven. I had hoped to take a dip around nine when the temperature dropped down to a chilly 100 before heading out for the night. They removed a game my wife likes, it is electronic craps. Not sure why it was removed, staff didn't know but we ended up gaming a short walk away at the 4 Queens. It's a nice hotel and they've done a good job with it. The items I've mentioned may seem small individually but as a whole lowered Vegas mode.
3	Great looking hotel. They did an excellent job with the remodel. The room was quite nice for the price and I love when hotels have HDTVs that actually show HD programs. The bathroom could be cleaner, quite a bit of noticeable hair on the ground. I don't frequent Vegas but I didn't find staff that friendly here or anywhere else. The front desk girl did not know where to put my mileage program account number and didn't ask for help, I am tall and saw she just acted like she put the number in. Being a new property in a less desirable part of Vegas I would have hoped for a better overall experience. In a competitive market offering a pretty but vapid product won't keep them in business. The pool closes too early considering the heat in summer (7PM), restaurants are expensive and not always open with subpar service. I was really hoping to not leave the property, but that proved rather difficult. We waited 15 minutes for service and 30 minutes for our food at Stewart and Ogden. There were maybe five tables seated and there were two waiters, one host, one busser, some other uniformed staff member who avoided eye contact, and a manager. It was very uncomfortable as other guests became angry. My dessert arrived with moldy raspberries and the manager awkwardly apologized, "we don't want it to happen, but it does." He then acted like he was doing me a huge favor by comping the dessert. Oh thank you for not charging me for my moldy dessert! I filled out a survey and received a rather quick reply which was nice, but the responses were empty and basically said, "Sorry. Please come back." As a new player in town I don't think "Sorry, come back and blow some more money on your dime," doesn't cut it for me.
4	Awesome hotel. This is the second time I've stayed and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay both times. Ate at 3 restaurants in The Grand and they were all great. Had some difficulty checking in but the hotel host fixed everything and made sure I was given the rate that was quoted at the time of booking. Definitely recommend staying here.
1	I WILL NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN!!!!I have lived in Las Vegas since 2008 so I am extremely familiar with the hotels on the strip, in addition to that I was a travel agent here for three years. Each year I do something on the strip for my birthday, but this year I knew I wanted to do a suite and I wanted to try one downtown because of all of the renovations downtown had gone through. We booked a suite at the DG for my birthday party. My DP and I passed out about three in the morning on top of the covers, the next morning we woke up and decided we were going to be intimate with each other. We pulled back the covers off the bed and there was a large circle of dried blood on the sheets on his side of the bed, and a smaller blood stain on my side. He immediately asked me if I was the one bleeding, we checked and I was not. I instantly called down to the front desk to tell them what happened and the complaint was pushed back on me, that maybe someone was bleeding the night before, and why didn't I check my sheets when I checked in. EXCUSE ME, what kind of question is that. The director of housekeeping came up to my room and inspected the bed and knew right away these sheets had been here and apologized for what was happening. After some back and forth I did receive a full refund of my room price (which I did the legwork on) and was offered a free night in another suite at the hotel (which I declined) and all of my meals that we had in the hotel to be comped (which did not happen because we paid cash, and apparently the hotel did not take me at my word where we ate).I submitted a formal complaint to the Nevada Board of Health and I wrote a complaint to the Governor's office. This experience forever changed my opinion of this hotel and I would never recommend them to anyone and have already shared this story to every person who has asked me how my birthday party was.
3	I'll keep it brief:  I had a reservation booked for 2 months.  Upon arrival I was told there were no nonsmoking rooms available and I was put in a "smoking optional room."   Really, really thin walls.  I think I could hear the guy next door unwrapping his condom package. I could see the light from the next room under the door.Pool and roof top area is fantastic.  Hours are 9 am to 7 pm, which isn't very late considering it was still 102 degrees at 7 pm.  And they closed it early for a private party on one of the nights.  The resort fee is non negotiable but what is included in the resort fee is up to them, apparently,No self parking.  Get used to using the texting option every time you need your car.  The valets are working like crazy and are efficient.Mattress and pillow too hard.Tiny, useless alarm clock.Nice big TV.Free WiFi which was good but waaayyyy to slow.  I had planned on getting work done one night and wound up having to leave and find another place to finish my work.  Lost  few hours due to this.Maid service was FANTASTIC.  Super clean every morning.Stewart and Ogden's is great.  Eat the OMG burger.  Casino is pretty standard casino.  No one is standing there handing out money.Overall, the place is clean and sharp and new.  Overall, though, there is a funny, awkward underlying feeling to the place that I just couldn't put my finger on.
2	Rooms are ok kinda small... Most of all SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NOISY. I'm a light sleeper and I wish I read the yelp reviews beforehand. Big mistake worst sleep in a hotel ever.
5	My newest and most favorite Casino in Las Vegas.  It has everything a casino should have - its has old school charm, you are treated like a special guest (No matter how much you are spending) and then, they have incredible offers too!  Probably the best "mailed to you" offers in the business!  Its my new place to be!  I love the Downtown Grand!!!  Go there!!!
2	THIS REVIEW IS FOR ONLY THE Waiter at Stewart + Ogden Bistro that works around 2-4am...on our first trip to this hotel June 2014 we only asked if they had buiscets and gravy late at night like they do at the 4 Queens, he rolled his eyes and said "no what do you think this place is" reminded us of the bar Dicks at Excalibur but we were not imused and my group and I (7people) were so hungry and tired that we put up with his mild and unwelcomed rude humor throughout our meal....we stayed again at the Grand for first friday weekend of August since overall we loved our last trip (except for the hot tempered guy at the bistro)-but again we were helped with the same rude waiter from our last visit,so we left to eat at 4 Queensthen to seat for another time with that waiter...... I know it must be tough working at 2am but dont be rude and make guests feel like we are bothering you
5	Great hotel!We stayed at the Flamingo our first two nights at $150 per night plus resort fees, plus wifi access. The third night jumped to $225 plus, plus, plus, and I decided to go to the Grand, it had a better yelp review than the Flamingo, and I really didn't want to stay next to the Cromwell, with the music blaring, and the bass vibrating the 24th floor like the inside of a 16 year olds over powered car stereo system. So far, amazing, the room is spotless, the bed sheets are fresh, the room is not humid like many other vegas rooms. The finishes are excellent, granite, hard wood, lush carpet, well appointed by even the most deserning standards. Wifi Included!I was able to run my HDMI cable to their LG HD LED T.V. And now I am enjoying anything I want to watch.I can not imagine why anyone would have a bad opinion of this place???Unless your one of those people that nothing is good enough for!The wife and I will 10000% visit this hotel again.Also the casino is petite and not covered with smoke, and meth heads! Big plus, if you know what I am talking about!
3	Nice clean hotel for a good price. First room was very small so they upgraded us to a premium room for free. Premium room is nice and modern,worth the price difference. Loose slots,won $500. House keeping is garbage,called twice and it's 10PM still not clean. I'll stay here again but they need to improve their service. I'm very angry my room is not clean.
5	My wife and I loved this place and would definitely recommend it. First off, we booked it on Expedia for about $50 and it was far better than what we paid for. Everybody from the valet to the bell hop, cleaning lady, concierge and everything in between, was tremendously pleasant and super professional. It was the first stop on our road trip and definitely was the best hotel we stayed at. Great work Downtown Grand Staff. Hope to see you again soon.
5	a true value with dedicated, friendly people working there.  My first time in the older section of town.  My wife and I loved "Picnic", the pool area on the 3rd floor, and from the front desk to the Art Bar to the restaurants to the maid on the 11th floor, this was a fun place to stay.
5	Don't worry that this place is a block away from Freemont Street.  It is literally a one minute walk and it's safe, well lit and there is security out in force.  The hotel is clean, the rooms are nice, and best of all the pool is FANTASTIC.  I was here Monday - Saturday and there was always plenty of chairs and couches available.  If they are not where you want them, or if you'd like an umbrella over your chair, there is always a security person or a staff member available to move them for you.  Poolside food was very good.  We ate at the O&S restaurant, and it was good.  Really enjoyed the Pizza Rock across the street.  Valet is free if you're staying in the hotel.  They have a very convenient system where you validate your valet when you check in, then you can drop the car off as many times as you want with that same ticket.  You just pull up and let them know you already have a ticket and go on your way.  Staff was really friendly.  Recognized us after the first day and were very polite and fast service.
2	Okay. Nice room.  Really nice. The whole hotel seems cool and classy but the check in already put a bad taste in our mouth. First time here and we got here very late and we asked for a late check out- their check out is pretty early at 11AM. I was told quite coldly that they can't do anything till the morning and I should call before 7am which of course defeats the purpose of getting a late checkout and sleeping in late, right? Tried to explain this concept but they just didn't get it. It's ridiculous. Most nice hotels give a little leeway especially when you check in late and explain you've never been to the hotel before and you want to enjoy it... NOPE. I've seen cyborgs have more personality. This hotel really needs a front desk upgrade. Oh- and of course we still have to pay the 18 dollar "resort fee" even though we don't really have time to actually enjoy the "resort". This just might be my first and last stay here.Update- Went back late tonight and spoke to Roberto- who like his work mates does not smile and seems to treat his guests with an air of suspicion. Roberto after much haggling agreed to give us one extra hour. I then asked how busy they were on Sunday and he gave me a look like I just asked him if he was now or ever a member of the communist party. He told in a harsh tone that he's not allowed to tell me how busy or not busy there are with a look that was telling me to mind my own business. Seriously people what happened to customer service? Not one of these front desk people smiled, welcomed us to their hotel. Told us about the gym or the pool or that we have free internet. Didn't mention there's free water in the room of that there's a happy hour in the bar every day. Nothing. I might as well have just checked into a kiosk. And so now instead of enjoying the hotel all we can talk about is how bad the service is. And now I'm writing all about it to let you Yelp know all about it.If a manager is reading this - Please tell your staff a smile and nice attitude can go a long way.
1	Well folks, the downtown grand has done it this time! Tried to valet last night and we were shut out completely. When complaining to the casino manager we were told they are not supposed to turn anyone away for any reason. He apologized and said he'd talk to the valet manager but I told him it was hollow and not sincere and he really didn't care. At least the last time this happened the casino host went to valet and looked at the video tape to see what happened...not that it did any good.  We are DONE with the Downtown Grand!!! Hope you are too!!!
1	12.00 to Valet? Yeah right. Best to treat locals better. DownTown Grand? You are 86'ed!!! Plenty of other places to go out and hang.
4	The Grand has been updated very nice. I had originally passed this hotel as a destination point, only because in the past this wouldn't be a hotel or area that was good, even being 1 block off of the main attraction area of freemont...... I read several reviews and decided to try it. I wanted something close to freemont. I booked with only twodays before my trip arriving on a Saturday. The room rate was $95.00 plus tax plus resort fees for a total of $127.00.The hotel was very nice and busy but not packed, it was comfortable . The room was nicely decorated and CLEAN! The furnishings were new, not beat up and I really must stress this room was furnished nicely. Nice comfortable King size bed and the bathroom was CLEAN and udated to match the room. Carpet was new and clean and no spots or stains.....no smell of cigarettes! The hotel gaming area was very nice and updated and the hotel center bar was nice with table electronic Keno etc. The staff was polite and personable and funny. NO SMELL OF NASTY CIGARETTE SMOKE, GOOD VENTILATION! The Hotel has really come along way from years past. The only thing that they haven't done is updated the parking structure which is detached and across the street. There is a very very small elevator which was absolutely a disgusting mess and very dirty, dated and smelled pretty awful.  The parking levels were littered with trash as well as empty beer cans, bottles & food stuffs, jus filthy!  I really didn't want my nice car parked at this location, it was like another world compared to the hotel. They do offer valet service but I didn't want anyone driving my vehicle, and I'm pretty sure they don't park valet parked cars across the street in this parking structure.Not one time did I see security in the parking structure and checked on my car several times in 24 hours that it was parked. A lot of questionable people lurking around the parking structure both on the street level and various levels in the structure,  it really needs attention with visible security!!  The hotel did in fact validate my parking ticket and it was free. Upon attempting  to leave the parking garage and using my validated parking ticket the self service automated  machine attempted to charge me, I think 12 bucks or more and wouldn't lift the parking control arm, there is no person working the booth. So basically it's  holding you and  your car hostage waiting for payment...I reinserted my validated ticket several times and the machine finally released me from its clutches and the control arm lifted so I could escape without being strong armed into paying by use of my credit card, which would of been the only way to pay I guess, can't remember if there was a money slot for payment.Bottom line is it just didn't feel safe in the parking garage and that's to bad they forgot about this portion of the hotel..... I won't park there again!! I'm not sure where I would park and I would need to further investigate other possibilities , simply put without a safe and clean parking garage this could keep me from staying at this great hotel in the future.The garage filled up on Sarurday nite and it was very packed with cars.The walking distance to the hotel is just across the street from the parking structure and to freemont street was easy and fast using a pedestrian corridor that was well lighted.Can't beat the location  and hotel but beware of that parking structure ......Check in was very slow (300 pm / 330 pm  Saturday) with only two reps working the counter but check out was quick with 4 or 5 reps at 11am on Sunday morning.  All of the charges matched my quoted confirmed booking........If that parking structure  and elevator gets attention with a good steam cleaning and daily maintenance along with visible security this hotel would deserve a five star plus rating.My wife brought some to go food to our room from one of the hotel's restaurants at 230am and it was absolutely great, hot and fresh with no issues, eggs , potatoes and sausage with pancakes syrup and whipped butter and a club sandwich that was delicious.There you have it.......Be mindful of your surroundings if you choose to use the parking structure.That's it!!......
4	Good value for the price!  Clean room and friendly service staff. I would definitely stay there again!!
1	I didn't even make it INSIDE this place ......and I left!Upon calling BOTH the toll free phone number AND the local 702 number to this DUMP.....NEITHER number will get you a human being or even an automated response.  Both numbers will place you on IMMEDIATE hold after about the 12th ring, on hold with terrible elevator music!  Anyone who doesn't have about 30 minutes to wait, will eventually hang up out of frustration like I did!  So I then made the mistake of actually DRIVING over to the Downtown Grand to check it out only to find out that when I pulled up to Valet they charge $12 !!!!!!!!.......You are kidding me right?, I said to the guy and he shook his head and said no.  WHAT CASINO IN VEGAS WOULD EVER EVEN DREAM OF CHARGING TO PARK????  In essence, they are CHARGING you to gamble!  ....NO F@*#%ING CHANCE guys!  There are plenty of other casinos that offer FREE parking and actually WANT me to come in and gamble in their casino.....LIKE ALL THE OTHER CASINOS!  So on that note I told the valet attendant where he and this DUMP can go, also told them I hope they are the next hotel to be IMPLODED!!!!!! I would actually pay $12 to push down the PLUNGER myself!  What a joke this casino is.  They should seriously be embarrassed!  And anyone who would play their EXTORTED prices to park in their lot is TRULY a SUCKER!!I will make this very short and sweet!  STAY AWAY unless you enjoy bad service and getting RIPPED OFF!  I will never return!! Enjoy.
4	Stayed here for the first time.. Fabulous!  Great atmosphere... Friendly staff, clean hotel & rooms!  Only down side is there are no shower curtains in the showers... It's cold out there!  They said the architect they had said its the new style!  Oh well. Everything else was great!!
3	The old lady luck was better, they think it's upscale,  but it's the same small rooms, and the electricity went off in my room. Plus I was in the loading zone to load up my car with no one else in sight and the security guard had to hassle me, I have New York plates on my car so he knows I'm from out of town. On the plus side , when I was here someone won 1.2 million on a $3.00 slot machine. I doubt if I would stay here again with a resort fee on top of the small rooms where you can hear the people in the other room. Plus the pool was closed when I stayed for three day's.  And the parking garage was built in 1967, give me a break. .
5	Beautiful rooms and decor, really love the light bulb and glass centerpiece in the lobby, beautiful! Newly remodled and very eye catching, retro-chic. Rooms are nice and cool.Kevin at the front desk was friendly and helpful, Thanks Kevin!Didn't gamble just stopped for the night. Took a gamble on the oxtail soup, delicious! Breakfast French toast was lovely with fresh berries as well. Good chef.
5	Came here on a voucher from the hotel and I was very impressed. The decor is hip and awesome and the players reward are a quick cheap bite to eat. The entire hotel has a cool art edge to the entire place, can't compliment them enough. All workers are courteous, first time staying and definitely coming back.
5	I was truly impressed with our stay at the Downtown Grand. Hotel room was clean and cozy with modern, artsy decor, and the bedding couldn't be comfier! The staff were extremely accommodating and friendly! Everyone from front desk, house keeping, security, and pool staff! Whoever did the hiring, nailed it! Employees of Downtown Grand definitely understand hospitality. Will be back for sure!
3	Downtown Grand has potential, but some policies are not clear.There's a major problem with the extra $18 fee charged per day and what that covers. You do not get any paperwork of what you are signing. Keith, working the hotel desk, said that bottles of water were complimentary on day of check in. The maid also said this...but she added that if you want water each day you should call housekeeping or leave them a note (but paper and pen are not provided).When a manager of the hotel was asked what the $18 covers each day, she printed off their website when you reserve a room and the note mentions "Please note: Grand Experience Fee of 18.00 per day includes high speed internet access, in-room bottled water, local and toll free calls, morning coffee at one of multiple locations and our Grand Experience Book featuring a variety of discount and complimentary offers from Downtown Grand Las Vegas, etc..."It seems to me that they pretty much do what they want, when they want. Can't run a business successfully that way, in my opinion.They also have specials which say that they can be discontinued at any time...no notice.You have to be savvy about where the specials are...which bar and which restaurants because the staff will not necessarily tell you that you can get a $2 domestic beer at the bar showing your players card instead of $6 for a Corona Light. You do hear everything in other rooms...the first night the room next door left their TV on loud all night. No sleep. Being near Fremont St. is fine but if your room faces it, you will deal with the noise until it closes up for the night.We are here for 2 weeks from an Expedia deal. The hotel is ok and as I wrote it has potential.We have another week to go and that will determine whether we ever come back.
4	we just stayed for the night. late checkin & wasn't a hassle. very friendly staff & would definitely come back next time i want a nice, quiet & affordable place in downtown vegas. this place is really near to everything.
2	Clearly struggling with their branding as restaurants continue to close, rennovate, or frankly gut the menu and start from scratch suffice it to say that the early "buzz" about Downtown Grand has dissipated substantially since its early days.  Previously offering perks like free valet that has now skyrocketed to nearly $12 while The Four Queens still offers such service gratis to those stopping in for as little as a 25-cent slot wager I really cannot think of a reason anyone would go out of their way to visit.  Obviously lacking an identity despite the ever evolving downtown scene it will be interesting to see how this space evolves with time but with policies that seem to be less inviting than ever one is left to wonder exactly what happens next - the impressive design of the Art Bar and underrated menu of Stewart + Ogden...er, S+O...aside.
1	When my husband made the reservation to stay here, I thought how great we can do Downtown Las Vegas. We pulled into Valet and the first thing we saw was validate your parking ticket or you will be charged $12. This is for every time you put your car in Valet! What a pain in the rear. We checked in and were told to go get a Players Card and they were supposed to load free stuff on the card. He got his card and played about $50 and nothing was ever downloaded so he asked the casino Players Club and they said, oh sorry we don't do that anymore. Ok, so we went to check out our room and it reminded me of being in grade school! The doors were made out of "plastic" and the toilet was one of those you would find in a gas station or school. Needless to say we decided that we wouldn't even have the luggage sent up, checked out, and went to another hotel. Very disappointing that they have no good customer service, small rooms, not a great casino for playing, just horrible all the way around!
3	For my money, this hotel is a great bang for your buck. The rooms were decent size, beds were comfy, bathroom was much nicer than expected. The shower is open, so take note if you care about privacy while staying there. I like the new decor & everything felt really clean.The location is great, super close to Fremont street without being right on top of all the noise (though the rooms facing Fremont are still a little noisy, IMO, but did you come to Vegas to sleep?? I think not. However, if you did, the Downtown Grand gives you complimentary earplugs, so that's a win. It's also very close to the Mob Museum, which, if it's stupid hot outside & you want to soak up some a/c, is a great option. We weren't there long enough to check out the pool, so I can't comment on that part. We only stayed one night because we needed a cheap room for our first night in Vegas, and this fit the bill.
5	We spent 2 nights out of our 10 days in Vegas at the DT Grand and found ourselves driving back to this place to gamble and eat even after we checked out.  There is something cozy about this place and yet it is very classy at the same time.The staff at the DT Grand ALL were so inviting and warm.  We especially appreciated the cocktail waitresses who were down to earth and very accommodating.  We did not once encounter a cocky waitress  like we often do down the strip.  Its quite obvious that customer service is their #1 priority and so far they have not let us down.
3	Decent room for the price...customer service at the front desk sucked.girl at the front desk had terrible customer service and was giving me attitude.. The only complaint about the room was that in the bathroom the shower was missing a sliding door..I had to put a towel so it won't get wet...also they were only suppose to charge me an extra 18$ at check out but once I got home i realized they had charged me 29$, I didn't complain because I don't feel like taking up my time for 11$
5	I absolutely loved staying here! The decor is great and the price is even better. I recommend walking to Pizza Rock for a great meal. This hotel is in the center of all the downtown action and close to the Mob Museum and Farmer's Market.
4	Stayed in their suite and was very impressed.  Very nice hotel for reasonable price.I liked their casino as well.  Good blackjack game (full pay 3:2 and other good rules for player) and usually they have several $5 tables (six deck and single deck).  They even offer a $10 match play coupon to guests of the hotel.Self-parking was a little annoying; you have to keep making sure that you have a validated ticket.   The valet parking staff was great.Location is great.  It's just one short block from Fremont Street.  It's right off  highway 515.  Very easy access to nearby highways.Overall, if you're going to stay downtown, then I highly recommend this hotel.My only critiques is that they need to open up some more blackjack tables, they usually only have four tables going, and they should lower the minimum bet at the double-deck game, $5 minimum would be nice for the double deck game.
4	Great deal! Know ahead of time that there's a hidden (ish) fee of $20 for a resort fee, but it's still a great deal. Parking was a little weird, but the valet was very convenient and efficient. I had a pleasant stay, and the hotel's restaurants were good.
2	If you like get a early sleep do not come here.  The noise from the pool party and in nearby bars and clubs is just too loud.  Even though I was on the 32nd floor I could hear the music from the pool party going on.  They provide ear plugs.  I came back to room to sleep after 1AM so the loud music had stopped so there was no noise and I got a good sleep, but for a early sleeper I wouldn't come here.Location is the old strip near the Fremont hotel.  Parking is confusing.  The valet service is slow.  But there is an option to self park in a garage across the street, but you need to get the parking ticket validated from check in desk otherwise you have to pay for parking.  Once you get a validated however you can just enter and leave as much as you want using the same ticket.  It not bad system once figure it out, but it was confusing at first.The rooms were clean and new looking.  Shower is weird.  At 1st it looks like the zen like half glass door will keep the spray from going all over the pace which would be cool, but in practice the shower head pressure is just too high and water just ends up going all over the place and you end up using towels to soak up the spray.On top of the web price, the hotel charges an additional per day $20 resort fee on top the price I paid during booking the room on the web.  This is not optional so I am annoyed at this deception.  I think the consumer should know what all the hotel charges ahead of time instead of hiding the fee until you show up.  Anyhow I guess this is standard Vegas practice so I'm not going to ding their yelp score for this.Overall for the price I would come here again.  There are obviously better hotels if you have the extra cash.
5	Cheap and awesome. Better than most 100$+ a night hotels. Stayed here for 3 nights ended up costing 150$ for the stay. Like I said, super cheap. Huge tv, good bed, small but awesome pool. Request an even floor for ice! Room service is alright and not too expensive. No poker room. Not pet friendly. I would stay here again defiantly!  Just valet, it's Vegas and free downtown parking sucks.
1	Not only did they mess up our reservation twice, when we used booking.com but we had left a few items in our room after we checked out. One was quite valuable and a birthday gift for my brother on leave from the military (navy). And we found the items on the maids cart, riffled through. The maid was acting very guilty and was apologizing profusely. Plus she had the items on her cart and the room hadn't even been cleaned. It seems that they go through all the rooms before they clean them, to see what they can find and take. The front desk was not very helpful and even acted like I was crazy for being upset. Do not stay here! Save your money and find something else downtown.
2	Updating to a 2 star because they took the charge away.Terrible service!!! I get in from traveling all day and all I want to do is order a cheese burger and go to sleep. I call down to in room dining and order my burger, they estimate 35 mins...sounds great. After almost an hour I call down to check on my burger, they apologize for the wait and say it will be up shortly. Once an hour and 30 mins has passed I call again to another apology and no direct answer on when/if I will receive this burger. About 20 mins later they call me back to tell me the burger is coming soon. Bottom line- after a 2 hour wait and 2 phone calls I receive a barely warm burger with no cheese. Ridiculous. Completely ruined my night.
4	Stayed here on Friday 9/5 and Saturday 9/6. I really liked this hotel, service was friendly and the decor was nice. Parking was a little tricky to find but just valet park. Also not many cabs came by on Friday night! We ordered food to our room and it took almost an hour, understandable because it was very late though. I will definitely come back! First time staying in downtown and I liked it!
3	Was here on Sun/14 Sep about 2 pm with my Cali buddy:- Neither of us were impressed with the decore or offerings.- $12 valet but free with validation.  It takes a while for them to bring the car around since the parking is kinda far off.- In Fremont East there's a dearth of casinos, so El Cortez and Downtown Grand are the only decent options when not boozing it up (Don't Tell Mama, Griffin, Beauty Bar) around there.- Golden Gate and The D continue to be my favorite downtown casinos.
1	Stayed 3 nights at the Grand and it was an absolutely terrible experience, found hair in my bed that obviously was not mine, even after I called and talked to the director of housekeeping the problem was not resolved! So gross! Never will I stay here again!! The manager of the hotel didn't even take time to contact me and fix this issue terrible terrible costumer service.
4	Hub and I wanted a little staycation downtown, so we looked on a website offering last minute deals.  The Grand and the D were about the same price....around 28 dollars minus resort fees.  Hubby pushed for the D, but I really wanted to try out this Grand.  SO glad we did.Checked in around 2:30 and went to an afternoon show to kill time before the football game.  Out intention was not to spend really any time at the Grand.  We went to Main Street and it was crowded, so we left after 1st Qtr and went to the California.  This was better, but pay tables were awful and we were losing money fast.  Thought we would try out the Grand....signed up for the card.We sat at the super plush bar with nice machines with awesome pay tables for keno.  Game was on in front of us.  Bar staff was fabulous and joked and spoke with customers like we were old friends.   We earned enough points to get a T Shirt, five dollars free play and a 15 dollar food comp that we used on breakfast next day that also had super awesome service.  (S Ogden).They also have slot tournaments after earning points right at your machine.  This was super cool too.  Music was great in the casino.  I sure hope we earned enough points to get a comp here.....will be back in a hot second!Room was loud, but not as loud as Fremont street, so that was fine.  Room was really nice with comfy bed...I am not sure why the shower has everyone put out on this forum....it is just not that big of a deal.Thanks Grand!   We had a Grand time!
2	It was my first time staying here last night after seeing a $20 special on the hotel tonight app and honestly I would have definitely given them a 4 star because the hotel was really clean, had a nice modern feel, rooms were larger than expected and everything seemed to be perfect especially for the $20 deal I purchased. However, there were SEVERAL issues with their service and I'm really not one to be picky at all.First, check in took about 25 minutes even though I was very next in line and it was Tuesday night. The hotel was dead. Second,  we ordered from their "In Room Take Out". I was a little confused at the title because it didn't make any sense but it turns out the food comes in styrofoam to-go containers in a plastic bag. We did not receive any utensils or napkins. No problem, things happen, sometimes you forget, but when we asked for some, he replied, "Oh we don't normally do that." Huh?! Okay...so we used the hand towels in our room as napkins... Next, we had a bottle of wine and forgot to bring the opener from home so after the guy told us they don't give napkins or utensils, we asked if we could borrow a wine bottle opener and he told us that front desk could help us with that. Again, they sell bottles of wine on their weird take out in room dining service, so I don't understand why we couldn't just borrow one. Soo we called front desk and explained and they said that they only have ONE bottle opener and have lent it to another room and they haven't received it back. Okay honestly,  one bottle opener in the whole hotel? What a load of bullshit. Just tell us that you don't lend them out! Then, one of the most ridiculous things I have ever heard, they told us to take our bottle downstairs and have either S + O or one of the bars open it and then take it back to our room. What?!?! Then I was starting to get annoyed so I said, "You really want me to walk downstairs in your hotel with an open wine bottle? You can't just borrow one from the places you told me to go to and send it up??" And he said no! Oh my goodness. And that's what we ended up doing since we didn't even receive a knife from the in room take out. Then in the morning when we received our car from valet, we saw a worker kick the door open of a car, completely hyperextending his leg, making the door almost hit our car! And he just looked at us as if we were in his way! Overall, good room to stay at for one night for cheap but heaven forbid if you need something I guess you're out of luck. I have never been given such weird excuses for horrible service! Maybe they don't realize they are in Vegas with an enormous amout of competition? Absolutely Horrible.
1	This was a horrible experience for both me and my friend. We booked our room online based on the photos on their website.upon arrival, the hotel seemed okay. I think it's an inconvenience to have hotel parking across the street, especially if one is handicap and needs to transport things on several trips to and from the vehicle. Upon check in, we then learned that we had to pay a $50 a day deposit fee due upfront, this fee is not to be released for 5-8 business days. After paying that fee, there was a "resort fee" to be paid. it was $61.02 I don't understand why the hotel just does not include it with the price of the rooms. (which by the way, none of the extra fees were mentioned when I called to confirm our reservation "you're all set!".  We get to our room, and it smells of smoke. In our blankets, our towels, everything! And we were in the "non smoking tower" I called down to the front desk to explain this to them, and they offered to send in a cleaning person with an air machine. That did absolutely nothing at all. I then called front desk again and the guy who answered asked me what i wanted him to do, then hung up on me.The "resort's pool" is seriously just an over chlorinated waiting pool. And the seating areas around the pool are only to be rented out for a fee. . . Which no one was sitting in.The diner at the hotel has the most horrible service. I went down to get coffee and it took them literally 35 minutes for that. I had to ask for sugar and cream. I guess the server had to go find some. and seemed really bothered. Upon checkout, the hotel charged me again for the resort fee "by accident" My friend had paid the resort fee up front and had a receipt and an electronic bank statement. So I showed this to the person charging me again and he explained that it was charged then refunded. I was like "what?!" getting this person to explain why was a nightmare! He just kept repeating himself. So I asked to speak to the hotel manager. Her attitude was terrible. She told me the same thing. Neither one of the people we spoke to explained that they accidentally charged my card as well as my friends card and that when they caught their mistake they immediately refunded  my card. It's not that hard... Instead they just kept saying it was refunded, It took them 30 minutes to print out the charge and refund receipts. I have never been more happy to leave vegas in my life. I will never stay at this hotel or any other hotel that they own like the Azria. Horrible hotel experience, the worst! and I travel every week.
5	Once again had a great stay. Best hotel in downtown area. Great food at the s&o cafe and all dealers were very friendly and a pleasure to play with.  Room wonderfully appointed ,hd TV and free wifi with fantastic pillows. Who could ask for anything more!!!!
1	Booked a reservation for two nights 2 months in advance. Checked to confirm reservation in LA before I drove out at 11pm. They confirmed the reservation. When I got there at 3am they changed my reservation for one night. I couldn't get a room and had to go to another hotel.
5	Large modern spacious rooms, newly renovated (2013), and great customer service! I stayed here for a wedding and never had been to this part of Vegas off the strip. I will absolutely be back because there are lot of places: bars, restaurants, casinos etc my local friends love! The commissary restaurant is good!
4	We got a good deal on Expedia and stayed here one Friday night with family. Rooms are spacious and service is nice. Valet parking is a bonus as you don't have to worry about parking. They get the car on time when you text them on a certain number on the receipt. Place is clean and walkable from Fremont Street experience.
1	I am a local and when we have guests we like to check out Fremont street. The Downtown Grand is nice enough. The rooms are clean and relatively comfortable. The temperature control is a set point so you can not decide on a temperature, just high medium and low. That is not explained by anyone so my first night there was miserable because of the temperature. The shower has a half door. So the floor gets very wet and slippery. But our last visit my guest left a pair of shoes. I called and explained the situation to front desk person who forwarded me to lost and found. But no one answered and their voicemail was full so I got sent back to front desk 3 times. Next she forwarded me to security but the lady that answered wasn't interested in hearing my story and transferred me to list and found AND back to front desk. And unfortunately our guest had to leave without her belongings. We called the next day and after explaining our story again we were told they do have the missing items but we would have to pay shipping to get it to our guest. Had ANYONE looked for the belongings the day before our guest would have picked them up on the way to the airport but no one was willing , so we asked for the manager and we were again told there is not a manager available. One person even took our phone number, stating manager was in the restroom but would call us back. But, no return call. So the hotel is nice enough but CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NOT A PRIORITY.
5	I can't understand the negative reviews on this place for the life of me!We redeemed two comp nights at the DG August 27-28 and they placed us in the Grand Tower. The lobby is small, but beautifully decorated and check-in was quick and friendly. Rooms were great, but the commute to the Grand Tower sucks! You have to go behind the check-in desk and use a very steep escalator, which is quite tricky to traverse with oversize luggage!! Do yourself a favor and do NOT get stuck in the Grand Tower if you can help it, it's quite a jaunt!Having said that, everything in the room and about the hotel in general was simply fabulous. Rooms were larger than I'm used to in Downtown, exceptionally clean and the bed was very comfortable. Linens were not overly heavy and the pillows were firm and plentiful. Bathroom was large, clean, and nicely appointed. Shampoo, conditioner, and body lotion are provided and smell wonderful. Plenty of towels were provided, hot water was plentiful, and the water pressure was splendid. Air conditioning worked magnificently (An absolute necessity for the August Vegas heat).They also give complimentary bottles of water and have free Wi-fi, some great perks!We ate twice at Stewart and Ogden on the casino floor and the food was very good, especially the flank steak and eggs breakfast I ordered! Service was good and the restaurant was nicely decorated. The casino is large, clean, and you can barely detect any smoke. Game selection is plentiful, and they had no shortage of newer games. I played enough to end up getting $5 off one of our meals at Stewart and Ogden, and ended up walking away with money- always a plus! Plenty of restaurants surround the DG if you don't want to eat at S&O, we had an early dinner at Pizza Rock (excellent), and the Triple George Grill is right outside as well. You are a mere one block away from the Fremont Street action, and the walk takes no time whatsoever. Valet service was quick and friendly, and we never had any trouble retrieving our car. All the staff we ran into were very friendly, and since my Other Half is a frequent visitor to the DG, several of them remembered him specifically, that's a very nice touch. Overall, I can't think of a reason NOT to stay at the Downtown Grand- fast, efficient, friendly service, excellent rooms, a fabulous casino, and access to delicious on-site/nearby restaurants are my ideal requirements for a return visit. I would not hesitate to stay here again!
4	First, I want to point out that I didn't stay here. I did come here to hangout with some friends. For a hotel in Downtown, its really nice. Almost like a hotel/casino you'd find on the Strip. Clean and really up to date. I will probably give this place a try on my next trip to Vegas. Bartender and dealers are fairly nice.
2	We stayed in both the deluxe and premium rooms. Both were decent, but the premium was a great room. This is the only reason for the 2nd star.The casino is really small. this may be a bad thing to some, but the drinks come by frequently so that's a plus as well.The CONs though... The windows allow a fantastic view, but they do not tune out any outside noise. If you are planning on staying up until 1am on weekdays and 3-4AM on weekends, you won't mind this. Otherwise sleep is hard to come by as the bass from the fremont street stages will thump in your head all night.A HUGE problem we had with the hotel was that we went there on a promotion. Upon arrival I tried to turn in the promotion and they told me it expired, even though I booked it using the promotion. This was a huge bait and switch that left me very disappointed. The staff just told me "it says the terms are subject to change at any time". This is total crap if I booked the hotel and paid them already. If not illegal, it's highly unethical, and the fact that the staff was course and didn't seem to care was even worse.
3	No coffee in the room.. nothing worse than waking up in the morning and having to get dressed and leave your room in search of coffee. Also no hairdryer or frig in the room. Disappointed :-(
4	Not a bad hotel downtown for the price. You aren't going to get the boob job and cocaine crowd that places like the Cosmopolitan bring in so if you're coming to Vegas to be around the pretty people try something else. If you want a nice room and a hotel/casino that isn't packed 24/7 this is the spot. The pool is pretty decent and has nice high lumin tvs so you can watch games outside. No issues with staff - everyone we came into contact with was very helpful. One downside is that downtown is loud till about 1am - very loud. But who comes to Vegas to rest up??
4	First off housekeeping staff is amazing! They are all so friendly!! Great location just steps away from Fremont. Rooms are nice but have no refrigerator or microwave. U can rent a fridge for $15.00 a day. The gym is very small with only treadmills, ellipticals, one ab machine, a quad machine and a boflex like all over body machine. No free weights or chest press. Overall great clean hotel for the price!
1	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas that's why I'm sad to write this review. Customer service this trip was horrible. Front desk ladies were rude, restaurant servers were aweful, our food was wrong and my biggest complaint of all is the pit bosses. They Dont give a shi# about you. I change several grand last 6 visits  yet I only have 2000 players points???? Pit boss never puts the money I played on my card. My dad plays maybe $500 a trip yet he has 20,000, points. He gets free rooms every month yet you send me 20% off. How the hell do you reward a gambler who doesn't gamble much vs someone who is spending money in your place? You need to fix your systems and fix them quick. I'm about over coming to this place.
3	It's too bad I could only rate this hotel with three stars because the hotel itself is great.It's fully renovated with nice spacious rooms. It's a nice medium size boutique hotel and definitely the best in the are when it comes to rooms. All other hotels in the area are old and you can definitely feel that.Staff is friendly here and they accommodated all our requests. Valet is free and access to the rooms is easy. Having into consideration the price of this hotel getting rates as low as $18 during the week you can't really complaint about it. Now let's get to the bad:- They close down the street right next to the front entrance and thru have different celebration. They have a bar in the street with strippers. I'm ok with all these. My problem is when right on the street they will grab a mic to talk to people and start using language with F******, ass, shi* etc... And the bigger problem is when your son actually can hear that on the 22nd floor of the hotel. That's not cool. This will take me to the next issue.- I don't understand why they didn't add soundproof glass. It's extremely noisy and you hear everything that's going on outside. They even place earplugs at your room so that should tell you how bad it is. If you are a light sleeper then don't even think about staying here or you will be miserable.- Shower only has half door and the floor gets wet a lot.- Their wifi is beyond horrible. I mean... I can't even explain it. Remember those old days where you had to dial to get online and wait several minutes? Well, you will go back in time because you will have to wait several minutes to open a web or refresh you FB. This bothered me as I use Internet often and the hotel has a mandatory resort fee of $18 per day that includes wifi. Are you kidding me? Technically yes, they offer wifi but you won't be able to use it. - self parking is across the street and if you have a lot of stuff is hard to carry everything out.
1	WOW .. what terrible service!!! Lazy, incompetent and rude! This is the first time I have ever felt overwhelming necessary to post a complaint.  The server Victoria continued to ignore me after gambling at the same machine for over an hour.  She offered the guests adjacent to me cocktails on four attempts but did not bother to take three more steps in my direction.  After I flagged her down she was obviously annoyed, stating I must not have heard her.  She returned with my drink rolling her eyes whispering under her breath.  Taken back I asked for her supervisor and was approached by a Nani who did not have a business card claiming she just gave her last one away three minutes ago.  I abruptly left.  Unsettled, I called in asking to speak to the food and beverage manager and was forwarded to a Emil Rodgers ---- a table games supervisor? Never bothered to ask me for my name or number giving me an email to his supervisor ---- kmumby@downtowmgrand.com ---- the executive director of tables?!? --- I wasn't playing at a table! Soooooo I called back in again asking for the food and beverage supervisor and was given the voicemail of a Cynthia but was unable to leave a message because her voicemail was full!!! Thanks for the run around!  #shameshame
1	Comical. I did in fact leave you a message with my name and number before posting a negative response on here! Your voicemail Cynthia was full ... so I left a message with the operator. #Surprisesurprise you responded to a negative comment on yelp but not to your own messages. #goodgame
5	Stayed here for the first time after 20 straight years staying downtown mostly at the Plaza and Nugget.  What a terrific hotel, casino and atmosphere.  They are doing everything right here - including offering clean, simple and comfortable rooms, top quality service, excellent dining options and great location.  We will stay at the Downtown Grand from now on - and the casino host (Marnelli) was the most professional and friendly person with whom our group has dealt.  Thanks Grand!
1	I am a Las Vegas local who decided to stay here one night. They gouged me $18 for a "experience fee" when I should have charged them for the lack of an experience. Aloof staff and a empty hotel with a shuttered restaurant looks like bankruptcy is near. Sad because the hotel is nice, but not earning its keep. Frivolous fees are a desperate attempt at revenue growth
4	Don't know why there are many complaints. This hotel is clean, modern looking all throughout the casino, as well as the hotel rooms and hallways. Slot machines are great and rewards are of ncie quality compared to Main Street or even Palms whose prizes and rewards are cheap.Staff is super friendly and as long as you don't mind the loud late night concert music that plays on many nights from the bar downstairs as well as from bands that play at the Fremont Experience just up the walkway, the sleep experience is great! Of course, I sleep like a rock....
1	Hotel rooms are decent and clean. Shower has no pressure and half glass wall so ya freeze. Everyone  one at front desk or whoever  answers  the phone should  be fired. Rude and  unprofessional!  Will never stay here again.  Pay the extra  few dollars and stay on the strip!!!!
5	: Love this hotel..got a very nice Orbit.com booking deal. In downtown Las Vegas, across the street from Freemont Experience,  Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino where Gold Diggers Night Club is located at. Very safe location, lots of things and shows to see as you walk along Freemont.  Parking is free in Grand Downtown Hotel. One way street but not a problem.  Very nice food at S + O (free breakfast for me) compliments from the top A manager of the hotel.. :) overall .. Very Satisfied!  ")
5	So were staying at the downtown grand while were here for the life is beautiful festival. The hotel is pretty nice . We headed to the furnace bar to watch the World Series . We had an awesome bar tender take care of us . His name was Jesse . He was just the right amount of friendly without being intrusive . He really made the experience fun. Good bartenders can really make the difference and he was just what the doctor ordered . Stop by and see him , just look for the pink spiked hair for breast cancer awareness month
4	Typically I would stay at City Center but was hearing good things about this place so decided to try it out. I always like newer hotels. Well, because they are just "new". For the price it's unbeatable. Room is nice. It's not small. I don't know why people post that these are small rooms. I'm in a premium. Paid 67 after resort fee. And stop complaining about the resort fees. ALL OF VEGAS CHARGES THIS!!!! It is true to its claim, smaller boutique hotel. You don't feel like your in vegas. Valet is great. Texting thing is awesome. Distance to room is simple and NOT FAR AWAY. I SWARE people who complain about the tower being far away. You're mental. Try navigating through Caesars, or MGM. It's as if you've never been to Vegas. This place is charming. The access to the street is awesome and the street is clean. Newer. I feel like I'm in downtown San Diego. Triple George Grill is just down the street. Not the typical $100 steak you see everywhere else in town. My filet was $26. I think that's fair. Half shower is not that bad. Come on!!! Water pressure is just ok. But seriously. You people complaining about the water going everywhere. You act as if this is your house as if YOURE going to clean it up. The water DOES NOT go everywhere unless you do jumping jacks in the shower. Give me a break. I sware I think people just want to hear themselves whine. And you DO NOT freeze because of the half wall. Yelpers can be so dramatic and kind of dumb. The only reason why I gave 4 is because of the music. You can hear it even at the top floor. This is a problem for this hotel. It's my belief that when I party I'm partying. But when I'm in my room, I want peace and quiet. Ask for the top floor. Away from street and it will be a good experience. And one last thing, I would never drink out of a coffee maker in a hotel room. Never. Not only does the coffee usually totally suck, imagine all the people using it. So once again, you posters complaining about that, carry your lazy butts downstairs and buy a cup of real coffee and suck it up because you are paying for it and remember you didn't spend the $200 per night rate at the Encore.
5	I love the Downtown Grand.  We stayed there during LIB.  Valet parking - free with validation.  Free Wi-FI. Free bottles of water.  Didn't get to spend a lot of time checking the hotel out, but my room was beautiful.  The bed was super comfy.  The desk had plugs for my phone and my laptop.  Flat screen TV.  They even provided ear plugs since my room was facing hogs and heifers!  The front desk and concierge staff were awesome.  Will definitely be back there for next year's LIB.
4	Ok!  First off Margaret cute adorable amazing customer service lady at the player card booth... = AMAZING!   I have two jobs Downtown and because of her amazing service I'll stay, valet, eat and game there way way more than I do now!!!!  I gotta say though the valet there and Paris are the slowest ever in ALL Las Vegas .....the cus service is kind and great ...just slow!  If upper management is reading this please promote or give Margret kudos... I imagine this kind soul gets them all the time already!!!
3	Brent is the man! He saves this hotel, my experience and this review. Originally I had given this review a 1-star rating because they put us in a smoking room (we clearly booked non-smoking). We were not getting any help until Brent was working and finally able to get us in a non-smoking room. Thanks Brent! We shall see if this hotel redeems itself.
5	Having been both a resident and tourist, I have never found a place that had it all for all my las Vegas comforts, I found it! This is the best hotel and casino in the downtown area for all of the experiences the city offers. Nice spacious rooms, all the partying you can handle in the streets, great location, unbelievable mojitos, new games, old games, I don't want to go home...
5	Great hotel. Will stay here from now forward. Good wifi good rooms good tv stations friendly staff. Helpful. Clean modern. Easy walking in downtown area. Beautiful bars. Great food. The bar in the commissary has like 100 tequila types.  The bartender a female Adrian is her name,  brown hair is amazing her drinks are best in Las Vegas. She really cares about the taste and it shows. The s&o restraunt could use more training on customer experience dining. Need to improve on speed of order and better customer service training. The food is great and people are trying just lack the refined training skills.
5	Went to the DG for my sister's bachelorette party and had the best time!! The room was beautiful and the staff was amazing!! We had the most friendly bell man and valet men!! I would definitely recommend this hotel! To get a cab to the strip it was around $20 and Fremont street was so close you could walk!! We had the best weekend! Thank you DG!!!
4	I usually like staying at a hotel on the strip and I didn't think I would ever say this, but I really liked our stay in downtown Las Vegas. The Grand Hotel is really pretty. The rooms are spacious and clean. Yes, clean, not downtown LV clean, but actually clean. The rates are so affordable. The only drawback is that it can be noisy. We got back to the hotel at around 4am and  music was still playing loudly. It finally stopped around 6am then restarted at 8am. Oh well, it's Vegas... What can you say?
3	Descent hotel. The room was nice. The shower had half a glass which was weird. The room didn't have a fridge or microwave. The beds were comfortable though. Room temperature was set to comfortable.
5	....Ok I admit I stayed here a couple of weeks ago...and...I really like it...prices are very reasonable and they did a very good job with the remodel...very good...that said I also stayed here when it was The Lady Luck as well and there was a lot less pot smoke in the air this time...hey, don't look at me, just say'n...
4	Good place to stay if you want to stay in downtown. Simple customer service, but not exceptional. The valet customer service was actually spot on!The rooms are nice, clean, and updated. Two feather pillows on the bed so you may need to ask for more if you want to be propped up and watch TV. There was a continuous humming noise through the walls that got annoying after awhile. it sounds like someone is vacumming but that wasnt the case. We could hear the loud music on Fremont Street Experience through the windows and we were on 17th floor which there are only 18 floors. I enjoyed the free coffee but not that I had to walk across the street. But Pizza Rock across the street has fantastic pizza.So all in all, I enjoyed my room, the complimentary items but the noise.
2	Better have ear plugs handy, ITS NOISEY as many have stated. The raunchy biker bar Hogs right next store is extremely loud thru most of the night and the bass comes right into your room. Then the room fridge gave out, a cheap floor model. The casino is small and not worth stopping by. The rooms have adjoining doors and if anyone is staying there you can hear all. Never again will we stay here. The best hotel around Freemont is the Golden Nugget by far.
5	Great must stay at hotel.  Yes it is a block off of Fremont and well worth the walk.  Friendly slots, and even friendlier bar tenders.  This is Downtown the way it is supposed to be.  Make sure you eat at Pizza Rock while you are there
1	Unfortunately I have to leave a negative review of DGLV on behalf of my friend, and also for myself in regards to our stay this week. First of all, the maid service was very poor. The linens on my bed were not clean; I found stains on it this morning when I woke up that looked like some kind of pink ink that was spilled on it and other black marks that looked like it was made from someone's shoes. That definitely was not me. Also, I was disappointed with the steak I ordered last night. The meat was very tough and it wasn't worth the $17 price tag.But the biggest complaints I have are on behalf of my friend. She actually got food poisoning from the burger she ordered yesterday and the maids did not leave extra rolls of toilet paper. She had to call three times to get clean towels. For a new hotel that has been open a year they should know to keep plenty of guest items in stock. Plus the trash was not emptied. I stayed nearby at Oasis at Gold Spike and even though the hotel was smaller, I had plenty of amenities in my room. Even though she complained to the manager and we were comped everything, I am very disappointed and I will never stay here again nor would I recommend anyone else I know who is visiting Vegas to stay here. I would recommend another Downtown hotel instead.
1	This hotel was terrible!There was a hole in the wall of my room that needed to be patched, the noise was UNBEARABLE, and the valet service took over 30 minutes to retrieve our car! Plus, they like to sneak in little hidden fees. Customer service was less than helpful and less than kind. Do yourself a favor and avoid this hotel at all costs.
1	In July 2014 I made a reservation for a January 2015 Friday-Monday weekend stay at the Downtown Grand Las Vegas.  In January 2014 during my annual buddy-trip to Vegas I had seen the hotel and liked it very much, deciding I would stay there for future trips.  Unfortunately I just found out that a work meeting is requiring me to be in Europe on Monday of this years' trip, meaning I have to cancel my Vegas trip as I have to fly to Europe on Saturday instead in order to make the meeting.Even more unfortunate, despite 6 WEEKS NOTICE, Choice Hotels/Downtown Grand refuses to refund the $426.76 I paid back in July for this reservation merely because I received a prepaid discount.  Apparently their business practices don't account for people being forced to change or cancel plans over a 6 month period.  Even worse, I couldn't even change to another weekend or give the room to one of my Vegas trip buddies.  No cancellations, no changes, no transfers. However now that the unmoved reservations people I talked to on the phone know I can't make it, the hotel will pocket my money and sell the room to someone else.I suggest the Choice Hotels/The Downtown Grand re-evaluate this business practice.  In the meantime, unless they see this review, change their mind, and refund my money (a scenario under which I will be happy to alter this review), they have ensured that they have lost a customer for life.  I will never, EVER, stay at the Downtown Grand or any other Choice Hotel again. Congratulations on taking my $426.76 and providing nothing in return, in addition to profiting on 5 months' interest on my money from July until now, Mr. or Ms. Downtown Grand hotel manager.  Some people would call that business practice "stealing". At the least airlines only take a $100 fee when people have to change their plans.
4	Good affordable hotel in the downtown area of Las Vegas.  Right on third street where there is some night life.  Ok place to gamble with slots and table games.  One of the newest renovated hotels in the downtown.  I would recommend it to budget vacationers to Las Vegas.
3	For skimmers: nice clean new hotel. I reserve 5 stars for the elite, so give downtown grand 3.5 stars overall. When we stay downtown, we usually hit The Nugget. I had an offer for 2 comp nights at the Downtown Grand, and figured I had nothing to lose! I must say I was pleasantly surprised with everything at one of downtown's newest offerings.We arrived at about 5:30 on a Saturday, there was no line to check in. Having done my thorough research, I knew to ask for a room facing away from Fremont to get a good night's sleep. We were accmodated with a room in the Grand tower on the 7th floor. The view was nil, but I didn't care. Peace and quiet was paramount, and I got it. The rooms are done well. Modern, but basic. Very clean, and pretty cozy. The bed was firm, which I prefer, but could have used another pillow. No fridge, no minibar, but 2 complimentary bottles of water. Plenty of accessible power outlets to charge all your devices. First order of business was a shower to freshen up. I'm sure you've seen the numerous comments about the open shower in the bathrooms. I must say, it is a really confusing design choice. Quite frankly, it looks like a way to save on glass when they rehabbed the hotel. The last thing you want to do in Vegas is look cheap, and choosing to forgo shower doors does just that. The shower pressure was weak, and slightly stronger than rainwater.Had a good time in the casino, played most of the night. I pounded more than my share of Heineken, even had a dispute over a blackjack hand that was resolved with the pit boss and surveillance in a quick and professional manner. Dealers were friendly, as was every employee we encountered. Drink service was quick, as the casino floor is pretty small. Good selections of slots and denominations, and didn't feel like we were getting killed. There was a decent live band playing on the casino floor, which is a great idea.Complimentary coffee in the commissary Sunday morning was a welcome relief. They do not have traditional room service here, but in room take out. Your food arrives in Styrofoam containers in bags. Ordered breakfast, and it arrived quick and hot. No complaints. I'd have to say, I'd return to the Downtown Grand if I'm looking to stay downtown. I felt welcomed and valued as a guest, and look forward to doing it all again!
3	If you're looking for an affordable boutique hotel in downtown, this is a good spot.The casino is not large but does have some tables and slot machines.  A good mix of bars and restaurants on the main floor.  Plus walking distance to a few good restaurants like the Triple George.The hotel room we had was very bright, newly renovated, and pretty roomy.  The in room service was a little different, the food comes in take out containers.  The only problem with that is there is no roll in cart or breakfast table so you'll have to try and use your nightstand or get a little creative if you plan on eating in bed.  They do have an earlier checkout than most hotels, 11am here so call them ahead to get a noon checkout.Valet is free with validation, if you're checking into the hotel just ask the front desk and they'll put a sticker on your ticket.
4	Stayed here on a free night being a local not long ago and it was great.  They put me in an upgraded corner room with a great view of Fremont.  I'd never had a view of the whole downtown area, it was quite cool and appreciated.Other reviews about the bathroom area being inadequate with the half/glass are accurate and the noise could potentially be an issue etc if you're on a low floor.  If you're looking for a restful night request a higher floor on the non-Pizza Rock/etc side of the hotel (not sure of the name of the street).  The TV was huge and the room itself was great.The dealers are all really friendly and nice as well as Ken in the sports book run by William Hill.  People seem to genuinely like working here which is nice and it seems less smoky than other options around downtown.  It's certainly less crowded as well.The sportsbook is one of the better places downtown to watch games as long as no one near you is smoking.  As far as gaming goes they have a few good Blackjack tables but unfortunately not a lot of good video poker payback odds.Hope they get some better video poker so I can drop by and play here more :)I definitely recommend this hotel.
2	THIS PLACE IS LOUD! I guess the ear plugs in the room should have telegraphed the fact my room would be shaking with the sound of bass and music from the nearest Fremont Street stage from about 5PM until 1AM. If you value peace and quiet in your hotel room, please consider staying somewhere else. Since this is key for me, it really knocks this place down several stars. Better double or triple paned windows would help... that, or a warning on their reservations site that the place is loud for the better part of the night so that people can choose to stay somewhere else, would be helpful. Also, the gaps in the curtains let in a lot of outside light and there was no way around it. If you need dark to sleep, this is not your place. There is a Euro-style closet that was fine for me, but our friends in the room next door did not feel that it was big enough or that there was enough room for their stuff. Their room with the two queens was cramped. Our room with the king bed was spacious. There are also minor nit-picky complaints like no pen or pad of paper in the room (something I didn't think I'd miss until I needed one, repeatedly! LOL) and the funky chair in the room was really uncomfortable, but this is minor. I wasn't there to hang out in the chair in my room, after all! There was a slight mix up regarding keys and we witnessed a couple checking in who had stayed there before requesting one of their quieter rooms, if possible... this is a known issue to them and they do not care about noise complaints. Full disclosure would eliminate complaints.The positives are: Good restaurant S+O for breakfast (the cinnamon roll waffles are wonderful) and lunch was decent, too. The casino is clean, well ventilated and well lit. The decor is retro and funky and clean. Public restrooms, clean. Free WiFi decent, not great, but not the worst, either. If you're surfing it will suffice, if you want to stream, you'll be frustrated, likely. The gym is 24 hours and free (included with your resort fee) and is a great option if you feel guilty from all of the extra drinks and/or buffet visits. Pool was not open because it is off season, but our room overlooked the pool, so we could see the whole set up and it looked fun (if small).
4	Stayed here a few times and we loved it. It's been nicely remodeled, ultra clean and very well maintained. The front desk staff is a little snippy but housekeeping is eager to help and very nice.
4	I really enjoyed staying at the Downtown Grand. It's a great location in downtown old Las Vegas. Customer Service is excellent here. The parking was easy and free with the stay. Price was great on weekdays. Good fitness facilities and late night food options.
3	Ah, the artist *cough* I mean building formerly known as the Lady Luck. I know it as the place my aunt worked at when she first moved to Vegas way back in the 80s. I remember wandering around it quite a few times as a young one (as a teen I wandered around Fremont St. in general really). It was a garish and smoky monstrosity on the inside with pink tube lighting and mirrored walls and ceilings. And yet on the outside it basically just looked like a big ol' office building. It still had a strange charm to it though. Then it closed. And sat. Idle. For almost 10 years. In 2013, it FINALLY reopened as the Downtown Grand.It's nice that this corner is no longer dark and idle. It's also nice to have an active 3rd Street Corridor leading from Fremont to Stewart where The Mob Museum is. And I LOVE the exterior. I just adore the Gilded Age/Roaring Twenties influence they were going for.And yet, upon walking in, my expectations fell kinda flat. I was definitely expecting something akin to the exterior, a 20s sort of vibe, and yet it felt very sterile. I can't quite put my finger on it, but something just seemed to be missing from the place.I would be open to returning (it's probably inevitable either way since I spend quite a few friday nights just wandering from place to place in and around Fremont anyway). The rooms look fantastic, I've heard lot's of good things about The Mob Bar and I enjoy the little Downtown 3rd area that's popped up, but beyond that, eh.The Final VerdictPros:Enticing exteriorHelping to rejuvenate the vicinityAppealing rooms and loungesCons:The fun exterior just doesn't translate well to the interior. Return Factor: 7/10
2	last few times I stayed here, every time the rooms were not cleanhair in the shower/bathroom floor.finger prints on the mirrorthe worst is the curtain.......does not block out light -------if you like gambling all night expect the room to be very bright in the day time....don't think I am coming back for the above reasons...........house keeper needs to work harder.......very bad job.
4	2 nights (Sunday & Monday) were $99 total after a billion "fees". So don't trust any prices quoted. Very clean, new or refurbished 2nd tower where my wife and I honeymooned. The bed seemed newish, room was clean and had an art decor kinda flair. It was modern, clean and stylish. Staff was minimal. Location: it is at the beginning of the "Fremont Street Experience". Which was fun and a very short easy walk around the area. There wasn't any riffraff , but the downtown original Las Vegas is being revitalized. The city has spent some money in that area. It is obvious. The strip is nice, but quite a different feel than downtown Las Vegas. Each area should be enjoyed. We were in room 1938 in the newer 2nd tower. We didn't eat at the hotel or gamble so we can't comment there. I took away 1 star because of a lack of friendliness or welcoming to their establishment. I own a business and am quite friendly with my customers. I understand how far courtesy and respect to patrons goes! Nice rooms though in the new tower on the 19th floor. Parking is included in the "resort" fee. Around $25 total per room. Which is included in the $99 for 2 nights. We stayed 12/14-12/16/14
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #24:nice & new; located a block away from Fremont St., so a bit quieter & more sophisticated; this is a pretty small place, so limited options if you want to spend a lot of time here; the restaurant & bar choices on adjacent 3rd Street are much better; sadly, the cool-vibed Mob Bar has shut down recently except for private parties; very tiny but nice sports book; 2nd floor is mellow but deserted; the pool & rooftop Picnic restaurant area were closed when I visited, so can't comment on that; best craft beer bet = it is sadly almost non-existent, which really sucks for a brand new property; only good choice is to walk across the street to Pizza Rock, which has an awesome 20 taps (including 5 local beers), plus great food & lively/loud atmosphere
2	The walls are thin at this hotel, including both the interior and exterior. Our room was on the 15th floor, and we could hear conversations on the street below, traffic on the 515 freeway, and of course the deep loud music emanating from the Fremont experience over two blocks away. Inside, we heard the "couple" next door going at it.As many of these older, refurbished hotels go, there is still a faint but distinct odor of cigarette smoke in the room. Noticeable, but tolerable.On the plus side, the in-room TV was large, although the selection of channels and programming left a lot to be desired.I would not stay here again.
4	First time staying downtown so had no clue what to expect. Typically stay on the strip when I come to Vegas. Downtown Grand was honestly the best. I was completely impressed with this hotel from beginning to end. Every employee was friendly and helpful. The casino and hotel were basically spotless. Our room was all the way up on the 20th floor. Hotel gave commentary ear plugs but never used them. Only heard the neighbouring rooms rarely but spent little time in my room. I MEAN IT'S VEGAS WHY BE IN THE ROOM AT ALL! I gambled a good amount on the roulette and call craps tables. Workers running the tables were really nice. Actually first time playing craps and they helped yeah me how to properly play. I'd stay at this hotel again. Recommend it if you want to stay downtown.
4	This review is for the casino only - I did not stay at the hotelI'll be brief.  The Grand and the Golden Nugget are the two nicest casinos downtown.  Unlike The Nugget, the bartenders at The Grand are not pretentious assholes.  So there's that.Make the one block trek from Fremont, it's definitely worth the walk!
2	We stayed at the Grand 12/30 and we won't be staying there again. First, parking is a pain in the butt. We parked in the muti-level lot and had to drag all of our things across the street to check in. While checking in we were told that there is an $18 resort fee that covered internet (we use our own faster hot spot), free bottled water (whoop di do), coffee and tea (at a place across the street) and the outside pool (it was 35 degrees). While walking the hallways, I was impressed with the furniture and art. The outside decor was nice and staylish, but the room was drab. We stayed in a king and everything looked .... okay ... but it wasn't as nice as the hallways. We had a room on the 15th floor with a view of ....  the hotel across the street. The room didn't have a fridge or a microwave and of course ... no coffee or tea in the room. Also, the room wouldn't get warm. We had the heater on 80, but I think that the windows weren't sealed well because there was a slight breeze. By the time I noticed it was 9pm and I wasn't about to move. The location is wonderful as it's only one block from Freemont Street, but while walking past the cowboy bar I felt uncomfortable. No one said anything, but the people standing outside all paused and watched us walk by. On the way back to the hotel we walked on the other side of the street. It wasn't a horrible experience, but we won't be staying there again.
4	Located in Downtown Las Vegas, this is the newest property in downtown, so it's bright and shiny appearance is to be expected, I will say that the dealers are very nice and a lot of fun, and they seem to appear to offer a lot of deals for us locals, but that is to be expected from a new property as well. The true test will be in a couple of years to see how she stands up. But for the time being, it's worth a stop in on one of your downtown junkets! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	The hotel is cool when you walk in, and it appears to have a decent restaurant, but upon heading to my room for the night, I was greeted with extremely loud music coming from the bar next door.  I was staying here for a work conference and honestly couldn't sleep until at least 3 am, which is ridiculous.  I am not interested in partying or staying out late while on business trips, so this was the worst possible hotel choice that I could have made.  When I called the front desk to ask to be moved to a new room, the worker was snobby and told me that they were fully booked because of the conference.  He said I would just have to hope that the music would quiet down within the next few hours.  I would not recommend this hotel just to save a couple bucks, I can see why it is not a top choice.  Use your money on a higher quality hotel on the strip, you'll be glad you did.
1	UPDATE: after writing this review I did hear from Sarah the business manager at the Downtown Grand as well as from Choice Hotels corporate - well sort of on the latter.  Choice Hotels corporate sent me a joke of an apology letter that did nothing for me nor did it even address my situation - clearly a form letter which is rather insulting.  After playing phone tag with the Downtown Grand for a while, Sarah gave me the option of rescheduling my stay for another time up to July 2015, which is 1-year after I made the reservation.  Unfortunately that also does nothing for me, because I can't get out to Vegas by then.  SO...at the end of the day the Downtown Grand is keeping my $400+ bucks, and I'm getting nothing, which leaves my evaluation at 1-star.  Appreciate the effort from Sarah, but it doesn't go far enough.  Was really hoping for a full refund or at least a partial refund, say all but $100.  FYI - my 4 buddies that I go to Vegas with every year at this time are also incensed about this.  We usually get pizza at the Downtown Grand's pizza restaurant for lunch 1 day during our trip, and they were considering staying at the hotel this time as well.  Well, the restaurant is now off the rotation and they did not reserve their rooms at the Downtown Grand, due entirely to what happened to me.  Hope the Downtown Grand's loss of a couple of thousand dollars of business from us every year was worth the $400+ of mine.
1	It's a shame that I have to give Downtown Grand one star- even with the weird shower, and the location making the rooms noisy, I liked it. But it's run by very poor management, with little organization (with one exception, see below.) I work in the industry and these people should be ashamed of themselves.My husband and I stayed the night on 12/23/14 - he had a job interview downtown so he brought his suit with him. (We were in the process of moving from San Diego to Vegas.) When he got back from the interview, the company called to offer him the job! In the excitement, when we left to check out, he accidentally left his $500 suit there. He realized it an hour after we left, and immediately called. They found it, logged it, gave us a confirmation number and told us they hold onto it for 30 days. Since then, he's talked to them twice on the phone and has been told the suit is still there. Today my husband finally had time to retrieve his suit- so off to Downtown Grand he went, only to be told they didn't have any record of his suit and they changed their policy (without calling us) to only hold items for 7 days, so it's gone by now even if they did ever have it. Now tell me - what kind of hotel has that kind of policy? I have worked for two casinos, one boutique hotel and one resort - nobody has a policy like that. The last hotel I worked at, an item of high value had to be kept for 90 days. And they have all of our information- why would we not get a phone call? Or an email? SHADY!After being told his suit wasn't there anymore, my normally very calm, mild-mannered better half internally lost it and had to walk away. This is his favorite suit. So I called to figure out what was happening. After almost a half an hour of holding (really downtown grand, you're that busy when there's an angry guest on the line?) I finally got a front desk manager and explained the situation. She told me she hadn't heard of a 7-day policy. She connected me to Edwin, who I talked to at length. I have to admit, at this point I was furious and he could sense that. After a bunch of people "looking" for the suit, Edwin found it after not even ten minutes. He also let me know their 7-day policy has been in effect for quite some time, even before our stay, so for so many departments to not know such a big piece of information, there is clearly a huge problem with internal communication.So how does a $500 suit get lost, but once I called and made it clear I wasn't accepting that answer, it gets found? I let them know my next phone call would be Metro for stolen property, or I would get in the car and come help them look. Then the suit gets found. Now my husband has to go all the way back there a second time. I'm disgusted with the way they handled this situation- I will never ever stay at this Motel 6 in sheep's clothing again. If you're going to be bringing anything of value on vacation with you (and I'm sure you are), I wouldn't risk staying at Downtown Grand.
