5	This is by far the BEST place for kids 12 and under to get a haircut.  My girls were soooo in love with their cuts.  The staff is wonderful and the products they use are amazing.  It was nice not smelling chemicals at a hair salon!  Definitely give this place a try!
5	I came across Verde Salon from a friend.  It was the best experience I have ever had!  I loved the fact that when I walked in there was NO odor.  Stephanie and her staff were the best and I felt like royalty.  The products used there were nothing I ever thought I would use but after the first try I was hooked.  My hair never felt so clean, soft and full of body.  I thought I would test it out and when I got home so the next day I washed my hair and used my old products.  My hair felt rubbery and heavy.  I was hooked!  I love the look of this salon.  When we go get pampered, we want to feel at home and comfortable.  I felt so at home and it was peaceful.  The colors chosen for this Salon by Stephanie are amazing!  So fresh and full of life.  I really wanted to stay ALL day.  I promise you once you walk in you will NOT be disappointed!  You will get the best results as Stephanie is a perfectionist and wants YOU to be happy!  Where do you hear that now and days.  I PROMISE this is the Best Salon for the money in the Valley!  Try it!!!!
5	The owners are fantastic.  They are located in a first class shopping center  facility that you can tell is run by professionals and the exterior sign is superb.
5	As any Yelper who has been around a while knows it's hard not to be skeptical of a place that just opened with reviews from people who either have no pictures or few reviews posted.  Verde Salon is just up the road form me and I was anxious for the opening.  It would be so nice to have a salon close by that does a good job.  I walked in on a Saturday.  It was about 11am and asked if there were any openings for a hair cut that day.  The woman that waited on me said she could take me now.  Score!  I was in bad need of a hair cut and having just lost my job, I wanted to make sure I looked good for upcoming interviews.  Jenna was great!  She did exactly what I asked and I love my cut.  I mentioned that I needed to get my brows waxed and she said she could do that too.  I thought $40 for a cut and $12 for eye brow wax was resonable.  This is an organic salon. They use organic products.  It smells good, no chemicals here.  The decor is nice and in keeping with the organic theme.Service was friendly and accomodating.  Thank you Verde Salon!  I will be back!
5	Truly the BEST salon experience of my life! Tia is my new favorite stylist. She gave me gorgeous, natural looking highlights just as I asked, and the most amazing scalp massage EVER! The organic product and color lines they use left my hair healthy, vibrant, shiny, and smelling amazing. I can't wait to go back! Plus, there was chocolate! What more could you want???
5	Earlier today, I had my hair done. The Verde salon is clean and beautiful. I loved the white chairs. The staff is friendly and great atmosphere.  I wasn't sure when I went in what I really wanted. My stylist Was Brittany. I told her what I had in mind. She love my hair because I haven't uses any product on my hair in a long time. She did not want to change the color too much because it is healthy. As we discuss my option and I agree to sone highlights with a hair cut. She took her time with me and told me they only use organic products that wouldn't damage my hair. I was very happy on how my hair turn out. I wanted some change not to drastic. It was perfect. Better then what I thought it would be. I'm very please with the service I revived.
5	Love this salon!!!I have been bleaching my hair for years...(shhh, don't tell). I was used to the burning and itching of the bleach, I had no idea there was any other way...until I met Stephanie. She introduced me to the concept of organic hair care and I promised to give it a try.I was nervous about switching salons; I have had some horrible experiences...I gave it a shot and could not believe what happened! They put the color on my hair and I felt...NOTHING! No itching, no burning...Nothing! It felt like a deep conditioning treatment. There wasn't even the typical hair color odor. I was amazed! When I was done my hair had never looked better. I received so many compliments on the color. The price was even less than I had been paying at a traditional salon.The salon is beautiful and so relaxing. You must try Verde. I PROMISE you will not be disappointed. Tell them Anna M. sent you!
5	I love Verde Salon! Everyone is so nice and they take great care of you. Nonnie is the best, she always goes the extra mile to make sure her clients are happy! Plus the products are gentle, safe & effective, and the salon is beautiful.
5	I had the most wonderful experience here today.  The salon was clean without the harsh chemical smells wafting around. Heather was spectacular.  She explained my options, was extremely personable and pleasant.  This will definitely be the place I go for my hair from now on.
5	After getting a recommendation from a friend I decided to check this place out. I was timid, but the women at Verde made me feel welcome. Right when I walked in I noticed the smell. It was more the lack of chemicals that burn my nose even by walking past a salon. Heather listened to me so well and was interested in getting me what I wanted. After mixing some colors, sitting under the silent hair dryer with a wonderful cup of organic coffee, it was time for the wash. My scalp felt tingly as it was massaged gently with green tea shampoo that smelled amazing. I then got a haircut and blow-dry that framed my face perfectly. It was a wonderful experience. I will only be getting my hair done here from now on. Heather constantly asked how I was doing and was so friendly and fun. I love my hair! The cut is perfect, the style of the color (ombre) turned out better than I could imagine, and I am trying to come up with more excuses to go back to this wonderful place. Look no further. This is the place to go!
5	Heather Dill at Verde Salon is OUTSTANDING!!  She does an amazing job with both color and style.  It's really true that the organic products are better for your hair.  My hair has not felt so soft and healthy in such a long time.  I'm hooked!
5	Due to circumstances beyond my control, it had been six months since my last hair cut.  I called the salon on Friday and to my wonderful suprise Jenna answered!  She remembered me and we set an appointment for Saturday.  I was so excited!  Once again I got a wonderful cut and Jenna did an amazing job.  This salon is a wonderful find and I'm so glad it's right up the street from my home. I made an appointment for my daughter for next week too.  They offer so many services and everything is organic!  If you haven't tried Verde Salon yet you are doing yourself a disservice!  Make an appointment now!
5	This salon is my new home for all my haircare needs. The staff made me feel welcome and Heather did a beautiful job with my hair color. Most salons make you feel like you are just another client in a chair, Verde salon made me feel like I was the most important client. I highly recommend Heather. I have also had the privilege to work with Jenna. Jenna did a beautiful job on my eyebrows. You can't go wrong with either one of these ladies
5	I used Yelp to find a salon for a haircut, shampoo and blow dry. I'm passing through the area and wanted to get a good haircut and when I saw that Verde Salon was organic and had great reviews I booked an appointment easily. I asked for Heather as she was positively mentioned in another review.Heather was great. She asked a lot of good questions so she could understand my needs and wishes. She also offered helpful information about my hair. I have naturally curly hair and she made suggestions to make sure not to have razor cuts or thinning shears used in the future if they were offered.The salon atmosphere was very pleasant, clean and bright. I'll go back for sure if I'm in this area again.
5	Thank you Jenna for another amazing haircut!
5	I purchased a deal and visited this place last week. The salon is very pretty and clean. I first had a deep conditioning treatment which made my hair really soft and nice (I have thick wavy hair). Nonnie did my haircut and it turned out to be exactly what I wanted and she styled it pretty well too. I liked that none of the products that were used on me smelled or felt harsh or chemical. My hair felt so fresh and bouncy and smelled awesome. Totally worth driving all the way from home! 5 stars!
5	Thank you Jenna for another amazing haircut!
5	After moving to 3 different states in 4 years, this is the best salon I've been to, hands down - and I'm picky ;-)I made an appt. with Heather a month ahead of time because of her good Yelp reviews. Totally worth it. I came it for partial highlights and a cut. I have long straight hair, so I'm sure it's no picnic to cut, but she was awesome. Shape and highlights were the best I've had in years. The owner, Stephanie was also there and although there was a mix up on who I was scheduled with, she made sure I was with Heather no matter what. That is what we call customer service in TX!What was nice was that they weren't fake and transparent , like other salons I've been to, just good people with great talents. Will definitely keep going. Many thanks, Verde!
5	so glad I found Verde salon.  Scheduled an appt with Heather D and was so impressed.  She took the time to go over the best options for my particular hair issues and really spent time making sure the cut was just right.   I love my new cut and have gotten great comments about it.
4	This was my 1st time here& after waiting over 30 MIN, I was seen by Maren. She took note on how damaged& dry my hair was &did the best she could. I will be back as I scheduled my next appt& bought their products. This salon is very clean, professional, friendly and worth checking it out;-) Hats off to the owner, Stephanie,  for bring Organic to Chandler!
4	I decided to try Verde Salon because of their organic/green practices, and I was very pleased! Nonnie was my stylist, and she was great. She listened to what I needed and gave me a great hair cut. She was very personable and fun to talk with. The salon is beautiful and well kept, and there is no chemical smell in the air, which I appreciate! The other thing I really appreciated was that no one was pushing me to buy products like so many other salons do. I was a bit turned off by the luke-warm receptionist (who wasn't really able to handle more than one customer at a time), but the overall experience was great. I have already booked my next appointment!
4	So happy to have found a great salon close to my house! I love the ambiance and decor. Very clean and bright. Greens, yellows and bright whites are so happy and inviting. No strong chemical smell because the products are organic, I love that.The customer service is over the top. When I arrived I was greeted warmly by the owner Stephanie, who was very friendly and made me feel so welcome. She checked me in and offered me a drink and said to help myself to a gorgeous spread of treats.My stylist was Jenna. She was great. I liked her personality. She is a real trooper with a great work ethic. The reason I say this is because number one, I'm half black so my hair is a little more challenging to deal with, but she didn't seem intimidated at all. I wanted highlights and because my hair is so dark, it took a really long time to lift the color. A really long time. In fact, the salon closed at 6 and I didn't even leave until close to 8pm! But the staff was super nice about it and didn't make me feel rushed. When I was checking out, my phone was dead and I couldn't pull up my Yelp voucher. It wasn't a problem. They just let me email my voucher #. Great customer service! Seriously.The only thing that is keeping me from giving 5 stars is the styling of my hair. The cut was great and so was the color, but the blowout was not good. My hair was a frizzy mess when I left and I had to style it at home. In all fairness, at this point 2 hours past closing time, Jenna was probably exhausted, I know I was, and everyone just wanted to go home already. So I'm not sure if it was the situation or technique or what. I do know that as soon as she pulled out a metal vented round brush, my hair was going to be frizzy. I've had enough great blowouts to know with certainty you have to use a huge round brush with natural bristles on my hair, and then your pulling technique needs to be on point and kind of aggressive. For me personally, a blowout is my test for the skill level of a stylist. For some it's the cut, other it's the color. And unfortunately, my blowout was not good. A good stylist should be able to transition from caucasian hair to ethnic hair in my opinion. And not that Jenna wasn't good. She is and I would highly recommend her. But if I'm being truthful here, the blowout skills need work (on my type of hair).All in all, I really did have a great experience and will return. I'm hoping the styling was a fluke just because of the overall circumstances. I have another appt in 6 weeks so we'll see...
1	I went into Verde Salon excited after reading the other reviews on yelp. I just moved to the area and needed to find a great stylist/colorist closer to home. I called at the beginning of the week and was able to book an appointment with Maryann for that same weekend.I have long hair and was simply looking for a cut and a partial highlight to touch up my roots. I am a natural brunette (lighter brown) and expressed that I wanted very natural looking highlights only to touch up the existing highlights I had. While the cut was good, I ended up leaving the salon about 5-6 shades lighter than I originally was (I had blonde hair) and streaky and chunky highlights on either side of my face. I was very upset as this was not what I wanted at all! It did not look natural or well done.I was scheduled to come in 2 days later to fix the coloring. A toner was put on my hair and they lightened my eyebrows a bit to make it look more natural. After the toner was rinsed and I was blowdried, the highlights are completely gone. I am now back to a brunette and while the brown does look ok, this is not the look I was going for. You can no longer tell that I have highlights at all, but I am not going back again to fix this.Pros: -Very clean and nice decor-Friendly staff-Organic ProductsCon's:-Horrible color/highlight experience
5	I have spent the last year looking for a place to get my hair done. I absolutely love this place. The service is friendly, clean, and the stylists are very talented.
5	This review is LONG overdue, but....My stepfather owns a hair salon back home and has been doing my hair since I was in 3rd grade (random I know, but it.was.awesome). Long story short, I have been practically lost since I moved here... More than FIVE years ago!I had gone to a few salons (that shall not be named:)) and have never really felt like I was treated that well or listened to at all. Finally, I just decided to try my luck and rely on Yelp reviews... Enter Verde Salon!This place was definitely a breath of fresh air; even the girl who answered the phone was super sweet! They were able to squeeze me in that same day with Nonni (sp?). She was sooo sweet and I have been back to her for a haircut since then. I even brought in pictures for a shorter cut the next time and she did exactly what I wanted. Definitely glad to have a normal place to go to now!
5	Thanks to Yelp, I feel blessed that I found Heather at Verde Salon. But from what I've read, I would have been lucky to get any of the stylist that work there (but I still think Heather is the best). I am very picky with my hair and if my hairs not right, nothing's right. Once I find someone I truly like, I am loyal to a fault. I was going to my last guy for 3 yrs, then he left town. I had no idea where to go, then I thought of Yelp and maybe they could help. Well YELPED help they did. I have been to the salon 3 times now and every time I go I'm more impressed than ever. The salon is friendly, fun, well run, exceptionally clean and there is no odor. The whole team seems like that's just what it is, A TEAM. Heather takes her time every visit to have you sit in her chair to discuss if there are any issues and if you want to do anything different.  She listens, offers advise, makes suggestions.  My hair is thining and she suggested a shampoo and conditioner in thier line of hair cae.  She took the time to explain the results that she had seen herself, however I in no way felt that I had to buy it. (however, I did buy it and I do like it.)  I can't tell yet if my hair is any thickert, but It only takes a tiny, tiny amount of the product and Heather repeatedly stressed that to me.  I'm a happy camper. :)
5	What's there not to love about this salon?! The talent, the service, the ambience, and best of all, organic!I love my girl, Jenna! And the new front desk girl is quite pleasant :)
5	Before I get to my awesome review of Verde Salon and Heather, I have to give a little back story so you understand how far my hair has come and what great work she does!For years, I had always highlighted my own hair because, well, I was poor. Most of the time my hair turned out decent and was a color I liked, but was never healthy.  The last time I dyed my hair, I COMPLETELY fried it.  I mean, little 1 inch patch of hair sticking out of the top of my head, breaking off every time I touched it, FRIED. I was terrified to go have my hair dyed again in fear that it would all fall out or that I would have to chop it off in order to let itself become repaired.  I waited about six months and walked around with horrible, fried, ridiculously too long rooted hair until I finally got the guts to go have it professional dyed.  I went to a salon here in the Valley, and told them my story.  When I walked out, my hair was worse than when I walked in!  Orange and fried!!  I was mortified. I had always had nice, natural- looking blonde hair and now it was an awful, awful shade of orange.  My mom came to my rescue and found a Yelp deal for Verde Salon.  I booked it as soon as I felt my hair was safe to dye again and was assigned to Heather.  Heather is a miracle worker.  My hair not only felt healthy, but was actually blonde again!  The first appointment I had a conditioning treatment, a color, and a cut.  The difference was amazing.  Over the last few months, Heather and I have been working to get my hair back to normal.  The color is perfect and has been since the second time she colored it and that little patch of dead, fried hair is finally getting better through treatments and slowly trimming it without chopping off my hair.  The organic products they use work just as well as the chemical- filled ones but are so much softer and easier on your hair.  I love going to Verde Salon and have complete trust in Heather.  I was always so nervous when I would walk into a salon because most often, I would spend a ton of money and would never be satisfied.  Every time I leave Verde, I am very satisfied.  Heather is a great person and really listens to what you want and gives advice and suggestions as to what she thinks would be great for you.  I would definitely recommend this salon to anyone!
4	Special shoutout to Nonni who did highlights for me at this location. She was attentive, listened to what I wanted to do and had some great suggestions when I asked for it.The salon use only organic products which is less harsh on your hair.Recommended!
5	Everytime I had any hair question or concern I turned to Lacey, a stylist at Verde Salon. She is so passionate about what she does that you know the final look will be beautiful. I love her sense of style, and how many different braids does a girl know, really? Amazing! The fact that she has this different side to her, organic, makes it so much better. I'm sure all of the stylist at Verde do a great job, but Lacey is my favorite :)XoXo
5	This hair son is absultely amazing. I used to go to Tony and Guy Academy, since I usually only get a trim. But I understand why women have to pay $50 for a hair cut. The WHOLE staff is amazing, so welcoming and considerate. It is just a treat to myself when I go there !
5	As a traveler, it is difficult to find a salon that is willing and skilled enough to take on a hot curly mess!  After seeing other reviews I took the chance and emailed first (because I really like to see when a business takes this form of communication seriously) the owner replied back within a couple of hours. Nice! From the fun reception with Mia to the consultation and new-do with Nonnie, I came out feeling like a million bucks!  Thanks Ladies
5	I had a great experience at Verde today from my reception when I walked in through my color & cut with Austin!  She did an amazing job making my gray streaks into a warm chocolate - I love it!  Everyone there really seemed to like being there and the work environment seems very warm and welcoming.  I will definitely make this my new salon.
1	I had been to this salon before when heather was still there (in the beginning of 2012) and had a fantastic experience! she was very nice and professional. After she left, I schedule an appointment with a new stylist and went there because I already trusted they had competent people. I can not describe how frustrating my experience was when I went there last december 2012 (I know! sorry, my review is long overdue). They put me with someone who had not much experience, and I was fine with it. I gave her a chance. I won't say the name here because my intention is not to hurt the stylist. She started cutting my hair and when she got to the middle SHE GOT LOST and did not know how to continue!!!! because according to her my hair was TOO LONG (which it really wasn't). She had to call the owner so that she could finish THE OTHER HALF.... you can imagine how I looked with a haircut done by 2 different stylist! I ended up with really short layers in just half of my head. I had to go to another salon later to get it fixed and pay $60 extra. They should not allow stylist to play with people's hairs when they do not know what they are doing. I will NEVER go to this salon again
3	I went to Verde as I'm still in search of "MY" salon up here in Phoenix.  I've tried Dolce, Epic, etc-- but never found either a stylist I really liked or wasn't a fan of the prices/services rendered.  I got my haircut by Hannah about a month ago- and she did a fantastic job.  I loved the layers she put into my hair, and I really felt like she did a good job listening to what exactly it was that I wanted out of my hair.  She was 4/5 stars.However, I went back yesterday for a partial highlights/lowlights and that's when it went downhill.  Hannah wasn't available, and my new stylist, Chanel, was sweet- but slow.  Partial highlights/lowlights took 3.5 HOURS, which felt like an eternity.  I showed her a very clear picture on my phone of the EXACT color I wanted (golden brown with light blonde highlights sprinkled throughout) and what I ended up leaving with was blonde hair (again) with some brown tints.  But I think what upset me the most was that I got to the register to pay and my checkout total was a $30.00 MORE THAN I'd been quoted initially ($95 vs. $65).  They charged me an extra $15 for the bowl of low-light color (which, I'd asked about on the phone the night before when making the appointment- and they said there was no extra charge), and $15 for a simple bang trim (I've NEVER been charged for a bang-trim at ANY high-end Salon, so I didn't even know being charged was an option-- and felt like they should've mentioned both charges).  Bottom line: If you've got the time and cash, try Verde.  But I don't think I'll be back....
5	Amazing, amazing job today at Verde Salon. I came in with a MESS left by another salon: tiger stripe highlights (very dark base with orangy blonde). Hannah broke up the dark by meticulously weaving in hundreds of tiny blonde highlights and toning down the orange to make me look world's better and even pretty close to what I had originally wanted from the other salon. A+ for Hannah. I can't wait to come back.
5	I love Verde! I've been coming here since the day they opened and will never go anywhere else. They use all organic hair products including the hair color andy hair has never felt so good. Everyone is super friendly too!
1	Gosh, I really want to give this place 5 stars but I just can't. First, let me tell you about the product they use, " Organic Color Systems".. It is amazing. After being a blonde and going back to brunette, it has done WONDERS for the health of my hair. As a whole/natural foodie advocate, it was only natural to want the same for the product I put on my hair, I LOVE it. I have seen Stephanie, the owner, a few times. She has made my hair shiny, smooth, and just revived the deadness you get from styling in AZ heat! The last time I went however, has completely left me in shock, so much that I have waited to write a review until my bitterness has subsided. At my appointment,  I was whisked away with her sweet assistant, Lacey. I told her, " I just want to update my current highlights by  touching up the roots ( only a few around my face) and throw a tonor or gloss or whatever MAGIC you have to give my ends some shine since the summer is just wearing on them. After agreeing, Stephanie came and worked her magic, talking in code with Lacey ( color this, GH 4 that, etc. ) Finally, when it was all said and done, I had a full head of highlights. Which was NEVER what I asked. After asking her to cover them back up with brown, which she did, it still did not look "right". Almost like I had gray growing on just the front of my face, which she agreed, and would fix on a later day that week. I go back, she fixes it, though I am not thrilled, it is better, still awkward placing of highlights, but better. I decide that her assistant Lacey took more time to talk and actually see what  I wanted, so I scheduled my next appointment with her, since she is finally has her own chair soon. I get an email from Stephanie the next morning, " I have taken your appointment off the books, You are not a fit for Verde Salon. "-- After sending her a nice message saying that I was disappointed, she responds with another, " You are just not a fit for this salon. " --- Still confused and disappointed at her lack of professionalism and how she treats her customers that aren't happy. As well as a BRIDE who is trying to get her hair the right color for her wedding. I felt like I just got voted out of a sorority. Needless to say, I am taking my business elsewhere, but of course to an organic salon.
5	Favorite Organic Salon! I got my hair done by Lacey, she is very knowledgeable and passionate about doing hair. Shes been doing my hair for years now! I love that the manager mentors all girls and is always by their side. I also bought make-up and face wash with the assistance of miss Lacey. I love all their products, plus there all Healthy for you :)
5	I don't know where to start!!! I'm in love with Verde!First time at Verde my mom saw Nonnie-- my mom loves Nonnie and will be back to see her soon. The color that she put in my moms hair was beautiful! I didn't get my hair done at this appointment because I couldn't get in with Lacey, and that brings me to the second trip to Verde....OMG!!!! What a WONDERFUL experience, Lacey is fun, sweet and made my hair GORGEOUS. The color is everything & more then what I thought I could ever get. I didn't get a famous Lacey braid this trip but next time I must have one! If I lived close to this salon I'd be in there all the time.Stephanie the owner is such a sweetheart! It was nice to get to know her while I was there for my appointment.Another thing I fell in love with while there- the Organic Color System. I was not uncomfortable at all while it was on my head. No burning, No itching, nothing!!!! It was amazing I didn't know coloring your hair could be painless :)I'm an extremely happy girl, I'm sooooooooooooo thrilled I found them!!!!! Thank you for making my hair beautiful and healthy!!!!! We LOVE you girls!!!!
5	I have gone to Verde twice now, after a recommendation from a friend who has gone there much longer.  I see Maryn and she's great. Fun to talk with and excellent at what she does! The front desk lady is a total sweetheart, always eager to make your experience the best. They do a good job of getting you in on a timely manner, and always make me feel pampered by the time I leave. The salon itself is also beautiful. Very clean and crisp colors/decorations. The fact that they use all organic products is just an extra plus! I get my hair highlighted, and have for some time, and I LOVE that I don't go home smelling like chemicals. My hair feels great and I feel great when I leave! Would highly recommend!! Please know though that this is not your discount salon - they use quality products and employ experts which implies a higher yet fair price.
5	AMAZING! I recently moved where I had the same stylist for 5 yrs; so having to start all over was daunting. But I loved how they're all organic and focused on learning and educating themselves. I had the pleasure of not only meeting the owner but also having her cut my hair. She's absolutely delightful! Very nice and accommodating, wanting your visit to be relaxing and fun. She really focuses on the health of your hair and body and teaches that to her girls. She knows us women need to trust our stylist and I absolutely trust her and her staff, it was that good of an experience.I'm very particular in where I go to get my hair cut and colored and what products I use, and I am so excited and relieved to have found Verde Salon :)
2	Average. Not bad Not great.
5	This is an amazing salon with Organic products which are right up my alley! The staff was so pleasant from the minute I walked in offering me tea etc. It was so different walking into a salon that didn't smell of toxic fumes. This was a relaxing environment with a staff that really seemed to help one another and weren't the queeny snobs like other high end salons I had been to before. I loved the way my hair felt and the color was shinier than ever before thanks to Nonnie. I didn't get a hair cut on this visit but look forward to visiting again! I will definitely be back and am sending my mother too. She suffered from issues before with the ammoniated color lines and looking forward to finally covering those greys with something healthier! Thanks Verde!
5	I started going to Verde when I was pregnant, because I was looking for an organic color system and wanted to keep my baby away from toxic chemicals.  I got that natural color system and so much more at Verde. Beautiful color, excellent customer service, and reasonable prices have kept me coming back again and again. I have never been one of those people who can stay loyal to a hairdresser or salon, but I've stuck with Verde and Stephanie for more than 2 years (a record for me). I had a high-profile job as an on-air television personality, and viewers would routinely write to me to ask me where I got my hair done because they liked it so much. I'm no longer at that job, but I still get asked about my color all the time from colleagues, friends and even strangers. I would highly recommend Verde if you want pretty hair color without all the toxic chemicals.
5	another great time!!!Lacey gave me purple hair and it's amazing, fabulous, stunning and oh so gorgous! I LOVE it when the sunlight is on my dark brown/ purple hair!THANK YOU AGAIN!!!!!
5	Maren is fabulous.  She always does a fantastic job with my hair. The salon is clean and bright and they don't push products down your throat.
1	Horrible. I recently moved here and went to get my hair colored, it was awful. My highlights were 10 different colors. My hair is simple and one color- shouldn't have been difficult to highlight. I went back for a correction and left with it looking worse. Both times the stylist blamed my hair for the color. NO. Will no be returning. My cut was good, but if you want a skilled colorist, try somewhere, anywhere else.
5	What an amazingly beautiful salon with a comfortable atmosphere! Terry greets you with genuine kindness when you walk in. She offered me delicious organic tea:)  The owner came and introduced herself and thanked me for coming in. Brittany is great and knows her colors. She is personal able, and listened to what I wanted. First time in years I walked out thinking... Money well spent because I loved the color! Made my next appointment before walking out the door. Verde is wonderful and I'm so glad my friend found it and shared with me!!
5	Had a facial with Jessica that was cleansing and detoxifying.  Definitely came out feeling revitalized and relaxed.  All products used were from the Eminence line and thankfully were not strongly scented.  Make sure to add time for a hair wash post facial. However, what earned this salon a 5 star was the Organic Care Systems Sooth Plus shampoo recommended by Chanel after explaining to her the intense scalp itching I had been experiencing for almost two months (my first time at this salon).  It could be down right maddening at times!  After one, ONE, use of this shampoo, my scalp stopped itching.  I get my hair colored every six weeks (I'm a brunette battling the grays) with a semi-permanent dye (at a salon where I live in the OC, not Verde) due to the harshness of the permanent treatment.  Threw out all my other sulfate-free shampoos when I got home.  This stuff is expensive, but after two months of sitting on my hands in meetings to keep from scratching my scalp, worth every penny.
5	I visit Phoenix a lot (Albuquerque just doesn't have the shopping).  I have been looking for a great organic and natural spa experience that a lot of resorts just don't provide.  Besides, I like to support small business.  I received a facial message with Meghan the other day and it was AMAZING.  My skin was so soft and I was sooooooo relaxed by the end.  I will definitely making this part of my vacation itinerary every time I visit.  Shopping + Facial = Perfect Vacation.
2	The positives:The stylist and owner are extremely nice and fun to chat to.  I loved the atmosphere and the vibe. Everyone I encountered was pleasant and I loved the service I received. They're extremely organized and efficient, and seem really on top of the ball when it comes to running the salon.  They also carry lots of great product and gave great recommendations on what to purchase.If you have easy hair, then I think they would do a great job on styling. But if you have textured and thicker hair that requires more nuanced thinning and shaping, you may want to try elsewhere. My review is based on three visits to the salon (two appointments for cut/shape and one appointment was also for highlights, and I also returned to the salon after my initial haircut for additional shaping and thinning) and work done by only one stylist.  I don't want you to think that all of the stylists would give you similar experiences and might have been better stylists for what I need. The not-so-fab: I have very thick and wavy hair that easily poofs out, even in the dry and arid Arizona climate. I moved to the Phoenix metro area from NYC and waited for as long as I could before getting my hair cut. I went to the same hair stylist back for six years, a person who knew exactly what to do with my hair and who helped me grow out a horrible haircut. She was also someone who was always extremely honest with me about which styles I could pull off and realistic about which styles she could modify to meet my needs and that would work well with my hair type. After reading all of the glowing reviews for Verde Salon, I thought I had found the perfect Phx replacement to my trusted stylist. I went in for two haircuts and one all over highlight before I felt I needed to give up. I wanted to love the very sweet and well-meaning stylist and hoped to have found trusted hair allies. Sadly, I was gravely disappointed. When I called I asked for a stylist with experience with big hair and someone who was skilled at doing good shaping and styling for thick and wavy hair. I was referred to a new stylist who was not only young and knowledgeable of new styles. She was also someone who was still heavily relying on the owner's guidance and input. I wasn't totally turned off by this and thought that because she was getting help from the owner that my haircut would be well executed. I went in with a series of photos and asked for a long bob and asked if that would be possible for my thick hair and if it was possible for my hair to be thinned to achieve the style without compromising on the shape and length. I was assured they would make the hairstyle would work for me. I walked out with a cutely styled haircut but after a few days, I came to find out  that it was extremely difficult to style on my own and the dreaded "mushroom" or "triangle" effect took hold. You know, when the ends of your hair poof out and nothing (not even hair oil, gel, leave-innconditioner) will help it calm down. I even purchased the hair products that was used on me during my salon visit but the cut just wasn't right. I even went in a few weeks after the cut for it to be thinned out and I asked for more intense styling. The "correction" turned out to not help my haircut at all, even after I had asked for my hair to be thinned out more, and told my stylist why the last haircut did not work well for my hair type, the style just didn't work. It fell flats, didn't look good with my hair wavy and it had very little movement. It reminded me of the blunt haircuts I had received as a child in the early 90s when that style was in fashion. It just wasn't right. In short, the same thing (not enough thinning and an ok cut) happened again for my second appointment - I went in hoping for a good trim and nice highlights. Unfortunately, I got a similar haircut that mushroomed out but the highlights were light and warm, but that's where our relationship ended.I wish I could love Verde Salon but my three or so experiences left me to search for another stylist in the valley.
5	The salon was clean and fresh smelling! There was not that heavy chemical haze usually so potent in salons. Everybody was so nice...like genuinely nice! Honestly, I have never been in a salon like this. They do excellent work without the caddy pretentiousness. Marianne cut my hair & she was wonderful! She really took time to listen to what I was wanting to work toward with my hair. She was also just really easy to get along with, comfortable, funny, patient. I will definitely be returning many times!
5	I really loved my previous salon, but decided to give Verde a shot because it was closer to home (gas is precious these days) and I liked the idea of an organic salon.  I knew I was going to be a hard-sale, though, because as I said, I liked my previous salon a lot.  However, Verde proved to be top-notch and I'm sold.  Sorry, former salon.  :(  It's hard to compete with convenient location and safer products, especially when Verde has such a great staff. I saw Emily for a cut and color.  She was very patient with me, because I really didn't know what I wanted when I came in.  She offered her suggestions and I left with fresh layers and a beautiful rich brown color.  She was very friendly and knowledgeable and didn't act annoyed with the fact that I couldn't really give her firm answers on anything. She also offered some helpful suggestions for hair care, and I appreciated the fact that she didn't try to hard-sell me products from the salon.  Hard-sell salons are always a turn-off--when I go to a salon I don't want the whole visit to be a sales pitch!  So I was glad that didn't turn out to be the case here.  Emily also asked if I'd like my eyebrows dyed to match.  I was surprised by this because I've never had anyone ask or offer to do that before.  It has never even occurred to me.  But I'm glad she did, because it looks great!  While I was there, I also mentioned that I was looking for an esthetician to help me with my acne, which has been out of conrol.  Emily asked Meghan (one of the estheticians) to come chat with me.  She asked me about my skin and then gave her recommendations.  I ended up booking an appointment with Meghan the next day.  I had never had a facial before so I didn't know what to expect, but the experience was relaxing overall and Meghan seems to know exactly what she's doing.  She was very friendly and sympathetic and offered good advice.  I'm excited to see how my skin will look after a few weeks of following the treatment plan Meghan suggested.So far my experience with Verde has been fantastic and I'm already looking ahead to plan my next visit.
2	I went to this place based on the yelp reviews- I needed a haircut and haven't really been able to find a stylist or salon that I was truly happy with. I'm currently in the process of growing out my pixie cut, and it's in the awkward stage of growing out over the ears and just isn't flattering. I could tell right away the stylist wasn't very knowledgable with shorter styles with lots of layers (lots of layers is kind of a side effect of a pixie) and she really didn't impress me. The sides and back that I wanted trimmed up are super choppy and not flattering.  I have really thick hair that is big and frizzy, and since she didn't thin it out it just made it look really fluffy. The way she styled it was adding more volume and no flat iron, so the style was almost wavy and weird and I couldn't tell how choppy the cut was until I got home and fixed the style. The people there seemed nice and maybe I would have liked my experience if my hair was more uniform, but with the results I got I won't be back.
5	I'm totally blown away. My first time into their salon I had an appointment scheduled with Lacey and she is WONDERFUL!!! I'm not going to lie I was a challenging client do to the fact I'm in the process of growing out my side shave but not wanting to lose much of the length of the rest of my hair and between Lacey and the owner ( who was very nice too!) they hooked me up with a lovely cut that I am more than happy with. I'm actually really curious to try their other services ie waxing and nail services.
5	I came here with my 3 daughters ages 11, 12, and 16.  The service was amazing!!  Staff was very friendly and we were all able to get our hair cut at the same.  We all loved our haircuts, done exactly as we asked.  All their products are organic, not some unknown chemical.   We've tried out many hair places, but we have finally found one we will stick to!  I highly recommend this Salon!!!
5	Great place and everyone is so personable.  It took me 4 years since moving from California to find a great stylist. Lacey was so great. She brought my dull hair back and put some SEXY in it. I highly recommend going to her. Never thought I'd go to an organic salon and I'm glad that I did.
5	Emily Ward did beautiful highlights for me and a perfect trim. I was a little unsure what I wanted to do for color when I came in and she took the time to talk through the options with me. Great salon!
5	I'm so happy I found Verde Salon.   When I relocated to the Phoenix area a couple years ago, I wasn't sure I would be able to replace the stylist I left back home.  After trying a few different salons in the area, I came across Verde and haven't looked anywhere else since!  I've been a client for more than a year and have never had a bad experience here.The first thing you will notice when you arrive for your appointment is how fresh the air is in the salon - no strong chemical smells from products since everything Verde uses is toxic-free.  The entire staff is super friendly, helpful and makes sure you feel pampered throughout your visit.  I am always offered a drink (sparking water, coffee, tea, etc), and delicious Dove chocolate to help unwind at the beginning of my service.  For me, the best thing about Verde Salon is my stylist, Maren.  I always leave her chair loving my cut (and sometimes color) since she does a thorough consultation at the start of each appointment to understand exactly what I want that day.  Maren also makes my appointment time fly by - she's outgoing, funny and easy to talk to.  If you want to book with Maren, you better do it now since she seems to book up very fast.
4	Wonderful salon, does not have that smelly dye smell!  All thanks to the organic hair dye.  I got partial highlights and love them!  Will be coming back!
4	I wholeheartedly recommend Lacey as a curly hair expert. She fixed my hack-job layers so I can wear my hair straight AND curly. She was very thorough in our talks before the cut, and she asked so many questions that I really felt she knew what I was looking for. She also gave me a killer neck massage, and the salon was so cute and stylish, it was quite the luxurious way to indulge myself on a Saturday morning!
5	Marianne was awesome! I've never done anything to my hair and finally, at age 24, decided it was time for highlights. However, I'm very health conscious about my hair and didn't want to damage it. I wanted lighter blonde highlights that weren't yellow/orangey and I got perfect, light blonde, natural-looking highlights!
4	The staff up front is very nice; When you first walk in, they check you in & offer water or brewed iced tea. I don't get a haircut very often (maybe only once every 6 months) & have found that a lot of stylists don't know how to cut curly hair well. I've gone to see Marianne 3 or 4 times now and she does a good job. She listens to what I have to say & gives me advice on which style would look better as I normally have a couple of them in mind. The shampoo/conditioner & products they use are always great and leave my hair feeling clean & rejuvenated. I'm happy with this place.
5	Just had my hair cut, colored and highlighted by Cristina Sandell and she did a fabulous job.  I have quite a bit of gray showing and she patiently listened to my needs and wants and then proceeded to mix up 3 different colors to create a beautiful mix of colors that not only enhanced my original color but 'hid' the gray and created a new highlight shade to help the disguise the 'grow out'.  Cristina listened, asked questions and cut my hair to perfection.  Highly recommend her, for any specialty color and needs!!!
5	Went to Verde Salon yesterday to see if Lacy could save my hair from a very, very bad hair cut and color!  My hair was damaged/frizzy, the colors were horrible with chunks of orange and yellow and the layers were actually blunt shelves that wouldn't hold any kind of style AND he actually cut my bangs off.  I just can't figure out what the stylist was actually going for. He does my friends hair and she always looks fantastic. Me? Not so much. I haven't been that unhappy since a bad perm in the 80's. Lacy did it!  I walked out looking totally different with soft, silky hair that was a beautiful color and style!  I honestly don't know how she did it. She listened to everything I said and what she did exceeded my expectations.  She carefully explained what she was going to do and made sure I understood pricing.  It was worth every penny!  I'm going to post some before and after pics. Thank you Lacy and Verde Salon!  Learned my lesson and won't go anywhere else.
5	Christina is awesome, give her a try you will be so happy! I started going to Christina at Verde Salon about 7 months ago.  Immediately, when I went to Christina, she listened to what it was I wanted in my color, cut and style.  Her goal was to make me happy, specifically to please her client.  She gave me an incredible color and cut.  I recently asked her to do highlights.  i have been to the finest salons all over the Valley and throughout the Northeast.  This is, by far, the best set of highlights that have ever been done on my head.  I was so pleased and will continue to have her give me those highlights all summer.  Christina is an incredible stylist and Verde Salon is lucky to have her, she is a perfect fit for such a place.  It is a blessing that such a spa exists in our community, a place to go that does not promote unhealthy things.  I feel so blessed that Verde Salon exists and that Christina is my stylist.  She is awesome!  I want to thank the owner as well for creating such an amazing concept.  I don't understand why people financially support getting unhealthy chemicals put into their heads when there is Verde Salon.  To add to it all Verde promotes a Christian and Holistic lifestyle, which is what I am all about as a Mom, wife, sister and daughter.  I am so happy to have found such an amazing place.  I love the music, I love the concept!  I would recommend this spa to everybody!  Thank you Verde and Christina
5	I have finally found a salon after years of looking. Awesome staff, music, atmosphere. My hair was so dry and damaged from coloring it. After going a few times and having the organic color my hair is slowly starting to get healthy and no smell of strong chemicals.
5	My first time at Verde Salon was amazing. I have never felt so welcome in a salon before. I was greeted with a smile and everyone there was extremely upbeat and friendly. I had the opportunity to look at their organic products before my appointment and there is quite a selection. Christina listened to what I needed and made some suggestions based off of my extremely dry, damaged hair and cut.  I left there with the most beautiful cut and condition I have ever had. She explained what my hair was lacking because she did a test on it and recommended the products she used. She was very open and honest with me which I appreciated. I had the opportunity to meet the owner and she was very courteous and helpful as well. What a wonderful experience! I will definitely be going back. I already set my follow up appointment :) Thank you Christina and Verde Salon.  You have proven to have great service, a great atmosphere, and offer a very special experience when it is time to be pampered!
1	I've been to this place twice- although I appreciated the service (facial) the first visit, my appointment was changed to another individual at the last minute for my second and I did not enjoy it as well. I'm not sure how others have received great service at the front- each time I call or the times I visited, the front desk clerk was quite rude and asked me to step aside to check someone else in due to her feeling overwhelmed. I was never offered any refreshments. Not sure if I would return here again.
5	I have only been here once and since I am moving, I am probably won't be back.I got a good shampoo and a great hair cut.I think the best thing is that the stylist I had, Marrin (spelling?) actually styled my hair afterwards. She used a round brush and actually blow dried my hair. Too many times, I go to places where the stylist using her hand under the blow dryer, then follows it up with a flat iron and let's you leave with what they call a "style". After leaving verde, I actually looked like I had my hair done (imagine that!). I was able to go about my day and didn't have to go home, re wash and do my hair.Price was fair, service was good and if I weren't moving, I would come back for sure.
4	I went to the verde salon to get a hair conditioning treatment as a forst time customer. I realled loved workin with Christine and Stephannie - The owner. They gave me time to explain the treatment, and how to moisturize my hair - as my hair is on the drier side. I would recommend to give this salon a try for your hair - they make it beautiful :)
2	Let me first off say that Lacey, was really nice. And I'd probably lean towards a three-four star review if this were just about her. I'm going below that for the salon itself. I recently moved to the area and needed a color touch-up and trim. I'd been going to my past stylist for almost 8 years, and feel I know what my hair can and can't do to take color. After letting Lacey know, I let her do her thing. The trim was great, but the color seemed a bit off, but I thought I'd wait to see if it settled after a few days. I called about a week later and left a message at the salon saying my hair had gone red, not brunette, and to ask about using a toner to make it go cooler. My call has never been returned (although I have had their e-blast come through since). I wasn't asking for a freebie, I was asking to have what I had paid for fixed. I've tossed around calling back, and not writing this review, but as a loyal customer to a salon for almost eight years, I appreciate when a salon appreciates your business. And I take care of those that do.
4	Just now got a haircut from Verde Salon. Very good ambience. MAREN does a great job! I was simply amazed to see her do blowdry styling on my hair. Especially the way she handles the hair dryer and the brush ha ha She was patiently answering my doubts regarding hair maintenance. I will definitely be back. Thank you Verde Salon and Maren
5	Ask for Austin! She is wonderful! I was so grateful to find her when I moved to AZ and now so sad she didn't follow me to Pasadena!  Her sister is a awesome dog groomer to my handsome precious  Shih Tzu, Chester.  She works at Fluffy Tails.
5	I had my hair cut & styled with Marianne for the first time a few days ago. She did a great job listening to what I thought I wanted done, gave me a few options/suggestions, and then executed a beautiful cut & styling job. I really appreciated that she listened for my real goal (to get rid of the scraggly ends) and helped to keep my hair long (I was thinking that I would have to cut off a lot more than I really did.)Marianne is a great stylist to go to if you want some help figuring out your hair style.
5	great salon!!Emily Ward was my hair dresser, I did a haircut and hair color, the color is very good without chemicals. Emily was very nice and she did exactlly what I wanted.
3	I am always up for trying new things with my hair, and also looking for a new location to frequent if I find something that I love.I really liked that Verde's premise is that they use organic color. I have never been to a salon that did this, so I was intrigued by that.The color that I wanted did take a lot more time to complete due to it being organic, but the salon itself was very inviting. I noticed that it was very clean and the stylist that took care of me was really sweet. She never made it feel like she was in a rush, like I've felt at other places.I would most likely return again if the prices were a little more affordable.
1	I'd been to this salon 4 times during the past year when the stylist I used left unexpectedly.  The salon offered a 50% off coupon for all services if I were to return and try a new stylist.  I agreed.  Bottom line - the cost I paid with the 50% off coupon was $.50 less than the full price I'd paid for my previous visits.  I asked that the salon owner contact me and she did. She left a 'scalding' voice message providing me with Facebook Page for my previous stylist, scolded me for not checking the published prices on their website, and explained that they didn't need my business.  I was disappointed  that she didn't have the courtesy to speak directly with me and make this right!  The salon is new and comfortable, the staff very pleasant (well, except for the owner) but services are very overpriced.  I certainly won't pay top dollar for a service and be treated with disrespect. Possibly the salon has so much business that they don't really care. I won't return after this bad experience.  Plus, they're way overpriced!  A cut and color is just under $200.00.
5	I love...love...love Verde Salon!  The staff is amazing and I have always had a great experience when I have been there.  I have been seeing Stephanie since the salon opened as her speciality is curly hair.  I have short, curly, fine, and thin hair so for many my hair can be a challenge.  I like it fun and spiky and Stephanie always gets it right.  I use to describe my hair also as fuzzy but I soon learned after using organic hair coloring that it is not fuzzy but was a result of years and years of coloring.  On a 2 note...Stephanie unfortunately got hurt and was unable to work.  She worked her magic and scheduled me that day with another stylist and needless to say I was a little bummed and concerned that my hair would not be colored and cut like Stephanie does it.  WRONG!!!!  She scheduled me with Marianne and she was truly amazing!!!  The funky, spiky hair cut was perfect and because Stephanie keeps meticulous records on all of her clients, the color also came out perfect!  Those bad reviews that you are reading....just know that they probably would have a bad experience no matter where they went...Sorry to those of you that wrote them, but we obviously are going to totally different salons!!!!
5	When I moved to Chandler, I  looked for months to find a salon and stylist that I liked and I finally found both at Verde!  Cristina is a young and talented stylist and colorist and a great person.  I have short red copper hair with blonde highlights and my hair is fine.  Cristina listed to what I wanted and then she DID it!  I've never had as many compliments on my hair as I have now!  Plus, the organic color lasts so much longer than the chemical dyes I've used for decades.  Verde is a great salon - the staff is lovely and the owners are great.  Try Verde.  Go Green!  Try Cristina!
5	By far the best salon I have been to. I have been a customer for a couple of years now and they have done wonders for my hair. Maren is fabulous and I always receive compliments on my color. The salon is beautiful, peaceful and everyone is so friendly and warm. I always have a wonderful experience.
