5	Forget all of the other dog boarding/daycare facilities in Vegas, this is the best!!! My puppy never seems to be able to get all of his energy out at home but everyday that he goes to Camp Bow Wow he runs it all off! He gets to socialize with other dogs all day and is not kept confined to a crate. Since he is still small, they do take him out and let him eat and nap for 1.5 hrs at no extra charge! The facility has cameras all over the play area so you can make sure your dog is safe and taken care of. I find myself watching the webcam feed on and off all day. The staff is constantly inside the play area making sure the dogs are given attention and the play area is kept free of messes. I was given a tour of the facility and it is insanely clean, I was very impressed. The staff is great!! One of the two owners is always there when I pick up or drop off and they let me know how my dog did that day. I wouldn't take my dog anywhere else!! The first day is an "interview", they make sure your dog is a good fit for camp, I also like this because it keeps the aggressive dogs out! The first day at camp is free, so what have you got to lose? Check this place out for yourself!
5	I love this place!! Just got my new pup and we had just hit the 4 month mark (time when you get the final round of vaccines and can board a dog) and I had to go out of town for a wedding. I was very worried about leaving the little guy and did as much research as possible on where to board him for the weekend. Camp bow wow was in a perfect location and seemed pretty reputable. As stated in the other review you get a free interview day before you can board your pup, they took special care with my little guy as he is a puppy and needs more breaks than other dogs. You can bring in your own food, and any toys you like. And as crazy as it does sound I LOVE the fact that you can watch them play on their web cams, they even have an iphone app, which of course I bought. Their prices are reasonable, you get coupons for baths and deals on daycare packages through their e-mails and they really do care about all the animals in their care. This place took away any worries I had, and I will be dropping my pup off for day camp whenever he needs to run off some extra energy.
5	This place is great! I have a 1 yr old Lab, FULL of energy. When I have a busy day at work I drop him off. Check in/out is quick. The part I love best is that they always know him by name. I know that he has to be a handful while he is there but the staff is great and always comments on how much fun he had. The second best part is that when he gets home, he's wiped out! Thats a state we only see after a day of playing at camp!! The third best part is that you can check in online and see what your pup is up to. I check in on my blackberry and most of the time he's mid-chase with another lab or cuddling with the camp counselors for a treat.
5	I love Camp Bow Wow! And my dog loves Camp Bow Wow!  The owners and the employees are all great and my dog gets excited when we mention he's coming here.  He has a blast playing with the doggies all day long.  Another great thing is that they have web cams so you can see your doggy online when you miss or think of them and it definitely helps to put you at ease when you have to leave them.  They also have an iPhone app, which is so easy to use for the web cams.  Definitely bring your doggy here - they will love it!
5	I took my dog here for her entrance interview/doggie daycare. I was a little nervous about the free range environment, but figured we'd give it a shot. Imagine my surprise when I arrive to pick her up and she'd much rather stay and play. After that, I was sold on Camp Bow Wow. Now, I'm use to dog kennels that smell...well...like dog kennels. Not the case with Camp Bow Wow. The place is immaculate and so clean for a doggie daycare/boarding facility.The facility itself is quite large and the dogs have tons of area to play. The dogs also have access to play equipment that is dog safe. Camp Bow Wow not only has indoor play areas, but outdoor play areas as well. These too are kept very clean and free of messes. Something that I personally love is the camera feed. I had such a ball watching my dog play with the other dogs while surfing the web. It was also great to check in on her and make sure that she was doing well. It definitely eased my mind. The cameras also allow you to see how employees interact with the dogs. From what I saw today and the fact that my dog didn't want to leave, I know the people there care about the animals. Every few minutes it seems like someone is coming into the play areas and playing with the dogs. I was so excited to see the employees taking time to greet the dogs and even sitting in the floor so the dogs could better reach them. Even the lady at the front desk was so nice and willing to help me out in every way possible. It's no wonder this place is rated so highly!My dog will soon be enjoying a mini-vacation at Camp Bow Wow while I do some traveling and I could not be more sure about my choice.
5	Just picked up my dog from Camp Bow Wow after boarding her for a month. My experience with Camp Bow Wow was amazing!  Never once did I have to question or worry about my dog. The cameras were a God send! Besides checking in on the cameras, I also called once a week and was given reports about how she was doing. One phone call even resulted in the camp counselor telling me that my dog had been "feistier than normal" that day. After hearing that, I knew the employees knew her as well as I do. Just when I didn't think my experience could get any better, the staff started sending me weekly pictures and updates via email about my dog. It was so nice to see up close pics of her playing with other dogs or sunbathing outside. When I went to pick her up she came out smiling and smelling so good! I cannot believe the quality of service at Camp Bow Wow. The employees go above and beyond to ensure that every dog is well taken care of and that doggie parents have peace of mind. I will not be boarding my dog anywhere but Camp Bow Wow.
5	I bring my dogs to Camp two or three days a month. I also boarded them for three nights last autumn. Every time I take them in, every single counselor remembers their names, remembers when they were last there, remembers that the short, fat one likes to have howl-offs and steal other dogs' food. The first couple times, they would look back at me as I dropped them off. Now they just leave me standing at the door as they trot off for a day of furry fun. I watch them on the webcams (there's an app for that) until  my phone battery dies. They come home happy and tired, a little more stank and crusty than they were in the morning, but dogs are dogs.If you forget food, they provide it. High quality stuff too. The counselors come by and hug them throughout the day, there are slides in the play pens and funny outdoor areas for sunbathing. Also, the first time you bring your dog(s) in, they do an interview day that comes complete with a report card and picture. Fantastic what we do for our dogs.
5	Hello Yelpers!  Today's yelp review is very special as it is co-written with my dog Espn.  Espn has been "yelping" at me for quite some time to write a review about Camp Bow Wow.  Our Espn is going on six years old and he has been visited a good handful of pet resorts and boarding establishments.  I would have a tremendous amount of guilt when we send him off to boarding not knowing if he would receive the attention and care he deserves.  When we moved to Las Vegas it was quite a struggle to find a place to board him that I felt comfortable with.  Luckily about two years ago we had heard about Camp Bow Wow's grand opening.  Since it was so close to home we decided we would give it a shot.  I am so thankful we did.  Before we would only take Espn when we were going out of town but now we take him a couple of times a month just to play with his friends.  The staff is amazing and I am at peace knowing they genuinely care about Espn.  They have camper cams you can view online and are a great to check in on your pets when on vacation or at work.  The best part is how reasonably priced they are.  When you board your loved ones at CBW it includes a full day of day care.. you can't beat it.  They even have a 401-K9 program for companies to offer employees 10% discount off camp services.  When we hop in the car as soon as we get to Valley View he goes crazy with excitement as he realizes what a fun filled day he has planned.  He can't even be bothered to say goodbye to us when we drop him off as he bolts right on in to give hugs and kisses to all.  I am so thankful to all the camp counselors for taking such great care of my baby.Now for Espn's report (I shall do my best in translating):  I love it at Camp Bow Wow.. it's like Christmas and my Birthday all rolled into one.  First of all so many of my friends go there and I may even have a girlfriend or two but don't tell my mom!  The best part is my two legged friends who work there are so awesome.   They always ask how I am doing and take great care of me.  I think that if I didn't have a mom and dad they would take me home.  There is tons of space to play and they recently added some nice grass outside to relax and get some sun.  We have a lot of great parties there too like the Cinco de Mayo Pool Party just the other day.  I wish I could go everyday!   I give this place five enthusiastic bones .. uh I mean stars.  Oh and I am kicking off my campaign to win Camper of the Month.  Call in to Camp Bow Wow and Vote for me (Espn) for Camper of the Month!!
1	We started using camp bow wow the minute they opened their doors. Over the course of a year and a half the quality went way down. I had problem after problem with them. My dog was not eating (not like her) and nobody contacted me, they leave the dogs unattended in the yards. My dog used to really enjoy going, but then became withdrawn when we would take her. She definatly wasn't getting the care she should have been getting. The owners male promises and don't deliver, they have very young teenagers working for them who just don't seem to have the caring and compassion that they need to have when watching somebody elses babies. I DO NOT recommend Camp Bow Wow Las Vegas to anyone anymore ( I used to recommend to everyone). If you care about your pets well being, take them somewhere else.  Again the owners tell you one thing but are doing something else. Even the manager says the owners husband is a huge problem!!
5	We found Camp Bow Wow on Yelp and we are so glad tht we did. We have 3 min pinischers and they just love Camp Bow Wow. The staff is helpful and friendly and our little girls seem to love going back. They come home ready for dinner and a good night's sleep. But the real test is that they seem to love to go back to Bow Wow. Even our older dog doesn't come home too tired. She has a tendency to try to keep up with all of the young dogs.   We just moved from CA and had a similar place that we used in CA, and we didn't think that we would be able to find a place that we liked as well, so we are pleasantly surprised to find one here in Las Vegas. We would highly recommend this place. Your dogs will love the place and so will you.
5	I didn't know what to expect--it was my first time boarding my dog (he is ten) and was in town for a girls weekend.I got to tour the facility and it was clean! Also, the dogs are in cages but they are large cages and only in there some of the time. They are able to play the rest of the time and every staff member I spoke to was super helpful.If in Vegas with my dog Walter again, I would definitly feel fine leaving him there overnight again!
5	Thanks Camp Bow Wow Bogey enjoyed her stay and now sound a sleep from the long trip home!Thanks from Mom and Dad for taking such good care of her that we were able to enjoy our stay in LV!   Love having the cameras to watch her run aroundSince we found home and will be traveling back and fourth for a while.See you soon!
5	Before I started working a minimum of 60 hours a week, the entire idea of daycare for dogs seemed absurd.  But as I worked longer and longer, walks with my dog became shorter and shorter.  So I started looking into the idea of hiring a dog walker or taking my dog (who has lots of energy) to doggie day care to be sure that he can get exhausted at least one day a week.  I still take him for a daily walk, but being gone for 10-12 hrs a day, I thought he could use more time exercising and more socializing with other dogs. Camp Bow Wow is a great place to send your dog.  The folks working there do a wonderful job caring for the dogs and making sure everyone's getting along.  Each day I take my pup here, he's straining against the leash to try to get to the woman working at the counter.  He really likes coming here and gets excited the minute he gets to the door.They run a really responsible day care too.  They require proof of shots and a try out to make sure that any new dog can socialize with other pups and there's no problems.  And if you're really attached to your pup, Camp Bow Wow offers web cams so you can watch your dog play all day.  Camp Bow Wow will care for your dog the way you want them to.  Feel safe bringing your pup here.  They'll have a good time.
5	I love this place and so do my doggies! I have two very young, small dogs that are very territorial, anxious and a little bit aggressive sometimes so at first I was very nervous to leave them. I had a trip planned and had just relocated to the area so i didn't have my normal dog sitter, my sister, to take care of them. CBW scheduled us a free day of daycare for their "interview" which automatically made me feel better. I'd hate to leave them for the first time, go across the country and have something bad happen. They did great on their interview and so we were ready to board for 4 days. I was probably more nervous than my dogs! The great staff at CBW assured me that they would be well taken care of. This assurance, along with the GREAT iPhone app that allows me to watch them LIVE in the play yard put my mind at ease and after 4 days of daycare my dogs came home happy, healthy and exhausted. I never considered taking them to daycare while I am at work but I now am signing up for a daycare plan and taking them once a week. I am so happy I found this place and highly recommend it to any and every dog owner!
5	The place is extremely clean, the staff is friendly and have always been able to accommodate me, even on short notice.  You know it's a good sign when your dog walks you into the place! He has such a great time and always comes home exhausted.I love the webcams. I travel quite a bit for work and its very important to me that I'm able to check in on my boy. Really helps with the mommy guilt! Thanks for always taking such good care of my furr-person, I'm a customer for life.
5	My dogs are in love with this place.  They pout when they can't go.  After we moved back to Reno they missed it so much they actually got depressed.  Now we plan regular trips down there just to let them go play for a day.  The most fun part is that you can watch your pet having a blast on an app through your iPhone all day (I am addicted to it).  *This great business does not discriminate against breeds!
5	Love Camp Bow Wow Las Vegas!I have dropped off my dogs a few times here and have nothing but positive experiences with Camp Bow Wow. I hate to leave my dogs so far away from me when I travel so I was happy that I could drop them off and not have to worry about them the entire weekend.  I knew they were having a fun time as well.  Staff is super friendly and my dogs run into the back room without even looking back to say goodbye when I drop them off.  They also have webcams so you can check on your dogs if your having withdraws from seeing them.  When I come back they look so happy and are worn out from playing with all their friends all day.  It's a vacation for them too!
5	We have been using CBW for a couple of years now and we love it. Although its always hard for us to leave our 3 furry babies, there is no where else we would rather have them spend their time away from home. The staff is incredible. They are super friendly, they don't get annoyed when I repeat myself or call 4 times a day (thanks guys) and they remember all the important stuff. I love how they love our dogs almost as much as we do... The facility is clean and well cared for. I love that we have the ability to watch the dogs from our phones, ipad or computer. It makes me feel better to see them having fun. The prices are great. Reasonable and fair...especially for such great service! There are other places out there that are way more expensive and don't provide this quality of care. I especially like the ability to pick up any time during their business hours after an overnight stay without getting bombarded with extra fees. Safety: we have a very small maltese/yorkie mix (4lbs) and always worry about her getting loose or running away. I want to thank everyone for always taking the extra precautions to keep her safe. The people here go above and beyond. I wouldn't recommend anyone else!
5	Love Camp Bow Wow!!! It's on the pricey side, but it's well worth it to be able to go away and leave our canine baby and not worry about her!  The staff, clearly, also loves dogs.  And, she loves it - when we pick her up, she actually gets mad at us because she doesn't want to leave!  I definitely recommend to CBW to anyone who loves dogs.
5	I have become a loyal customer to Camp Bow Wow after using their services back in Kentwood, Michigan. I was a regular client with them for 2 plus years while I was traveling a lot and they were fantastic! I have since relocated to Las Vegas and I am so thankful that there is a Camp Bow Wow here!  Thank heaven the service is just as great here!My French Bulldog puppy (Moose) is here for daycare 3/4 days out of the week. He literally jumps for joy when I drop him off at camp. The staff is wonderful! They are exceptionally cheerful and welcoming. I love that I can watch Moose romp around and play on my Camp Bow Wow IPhone App. It is wonderful to know that my dog is good hands and having a blast while I'm away.I have nothing but wonderful things to stay about them. I will continue to be a loyal customer and sing their praises. If you're in need of quality boarding or daycare look no further-Camp bow wow rocks!
5	This location totally saved my Labor Day Trip! My dog received a noise complaint at the hotel and they were threatening to charge us $50 each time it happened (so mean), so I called Camp after hours and left a desperate message for them to return my phone call as soon as they opened the next morning.Sure enough at 7am the next morning, a very nice girl named Michelle called me back and I explained my dilemma to her. Fortunately, my dog had an evaluation by the awesome folks at Camp in Temecula, so the arrangements to board him for one night were made in the most unchallenging way possible. They are located only 5 minutes from where I was staying and checking him in was a breeze. Michelle had phoned Camp in Temecula in advance to have them forward his information. She was wonderful! Prior to picking him up the next day, I called and requested they give him a bath ($10) before I picked him up. Michelle was nice enough to ask whether or not I wanted him to go back into the play yard after his bath. He was perfectly exhausted for the 4-hour car trip home :)My only complaint (and I hate to do it) is that judging from what I saw in the doggy cam, Momo did not get nearly as much time in the yard as I would have liked. Unfortunately, the holiday hours are like that. They close in the middle of the day and only open back up for a couple of hours before everyone is gone for the night. So basically, my boy was kenneled most of his stay. I checked via doggy cam hoping they would be in the yard at least for the last couple of hours the place was open, but no luck. Still, I highly recommend this location!
5	So happy to have found this place.  I'm working in Vegas for several months and brought my cattle dog mutt down with me.  I work pretty long hours so I needed a way to get her some extra play time.  This place is perfect!  Every time she goes to day camp, she comes home obviously happy and exhausted!  She is completely content to cuddle up on the couch and relax for the rest of the night.  They are also really attentive, the notes I've received when I pick her up (such as "she really loved playing with the hose water" - so true! she is a hose-monster!!) assure that the staff are paying attention to all the animals.  They have webcams so you can see what the dogs are up to (kind of obsessive, but also...kind of cute!)Also, everyone I've interacted with at the desk or phone has been extremely friendly and very helpful - so thank you for that!  it does not go unnoticed :)  I have not used the overnight services yet but will certainly try it soon!
5	We left our dog, Bogie there in August. They took very good care of her, while we enjoyed a weekend in Las Vegas. We were able to watch her on the doggie cams, and that gave us peace of mind knowing she was having a good time. My wife called to check on how she was doing several times, and they were very nice in explaining how she was doing, in great detail.We will definitely be back on our next trip into town.
5	We left our dog for little over a week last month while we went on vacation.  The best part was that we could see how she was doing through camera every morning.  They took very good care of her, and we were impressed that they sent us an email saying how she was doing and some of her pictures at the camp.  That was so cute!  The customer service is excellent and everyone is so nice.  We will definitely go back there.
5	I first heard about Camp Bow Wow from a woman at the dog park.  I have been working very long hours lately and didn't want to leave my dog alone in the house all day.  I am extremely picky when it comes to my pooch and decided to check out the reviews here on Yelp before giving it a try.  I must admit, I thought it was impossible that one establishment could have so many glowing reviews (cynical, I know).  Anyway, I was pleasantly surprised as soon as I walked in the door.  The staff is friendly and you can tell that they really do love dogs.  They were happy to answer all of my questions and it is obvious that they truly enjoy their work.  They have cameras in every room and you can log on to their website to check in on your pup from home, work, etc...absolutely amazing!  As soon as we get within two blocks of this place my dog goes crazy.  I have even been letting her stay the night as the prices are so reasonable and she has such a great time :)
5	We use Camp Bow Wow on a regular basis and our Pitbull loves it there.  We use them for daycare and overnight boarding.  Our dog looks forward to going to camp to play with her friends.  She is constantly running around and is completely exhausted when she comes home.  I love the webcams so you can see your dog at play!  I recommend Camp Bow Wow to everyone!
4	I just wanted to let the staff at Camp Bow-Wow know that they were great in assisting me to get  my pet checked in. First and foremost I left my  paper work back in Los Angeles and I was freaking out about one set of shots that I could not find. Well because my baby had stayed in New Orleans they were able to get most of EVERYTHING I NEEDED "THANK GOD"( I WAS STAYING AT A NON PET FRIENDLY HOTEL). The one shot that I could not find they allowed me to call the vet and have them fax it over so I could start my time in Vegas. I have to say that they were EXCELLENT from the beginning to the end with service.Now about my baby. I was able to watch him on the monitor throughout the day with the other dogs. The only draw back that I had was that there was not alot of inter-action with the pets(at least when I checked in). They appeared to be on their own. The other thing is that cameras in some of the other rooms were always empty and I thought that was weird., but again nothing against the facility. When I picked him up he was a little different then normal, yet I don't fault the camp at all. It was just probably because he refused to eat for a couple of days. I know that I will be coming back to Vegas and I will bring my baby back. I just hope that I am able to see some inter action between the team members and the small dogs.
3	While the location was fantastic for out-of-towners staying on the Strip, I'm not sure the amenities are worth 5 stars. The staff seemed friendly enough both when we dropped off and picked up our pup. I checked in several times each day via their webcam app (really nice touch), but all I saw was my pup penned up with 20+ other dogs. There were no toys in the yard, and I did not see much "play" during the day. Perhaps I just didn't catch playtime at the right time.But the biggest disappointment was when I realized after leaving Camp Bow Wow that they did not properly bathe our pup. When she came out, it was clear that she had been rinsed, as her fur was still damp. But after holding her in the car ride home, I realized that they had not actually washed her as I had asked (and paid for). They simply rinsed her. In fact, we found a few surprises in her fur that probably would not have been there had they shampooed her and washed her thoroughly. I'm going to be calling back to complain and hopefully get a refund. Either way, if you request a bath, make sure they actually wash her.
5	I love Camp Bow Wow! My pups go there for doggie day care and over nighters. The staff is extremely friendly! I have done a lot of research on facilities and pricing, and for big dogs this is Definitely the place to take them. They are able to run around all day and have a nice sized run to sleep in. I highly recommend taking your pups there.
4	Camp Bow Wow was great!  Reasonably priced, friendly staff, clean and well maintained facilities. I called several times to check in on my dog and the staff have me a great thorough explanation about how Gracie was doing. It really helped put my mind at ease!!  The only thing I would do differently next time is bring Gracie's bed so she could have it with her in her kennel overnight.
5	This place is truly a lifesaver! Having a Labrador retriever can really wipe you out. And during those days when all you wanna do is relax but feel bad that your pup is lying around wanting to play, Camp Bow Wow comes to mind.I've been bringing Cooper here for the past 3 months and he absolutely loves it, as do I. When the boyfriend and I are at work all day, Coop spends his time at camp. My mind is at ease knowing he's being taken care of and of course, making new friends.  The staff are truly dog lovers as after his first visit, they were already on a first name basis with the little guy. Talk about personalized service!And if you have an iPhone, simply download the Camp Bow Wow app so you can always check in on your pup through their surveillance cams without interrupting his fun. They do half days (5 hours or less) for approx $15 or full days for $25. It can certainly burn a hole in your pocket if it becomes a daily habit. So I try to limit his visits to once a week at the most. I actually just picked him up from there while I had some me time and the boy is wiped out. It'll be a restful night for us for sure. ;)
5	Before I took my dog to Camp Bow Wow, I went in for a visit and inspection.  I met with Chad the owner and he gave me a full tour and provided me with all the details.  I was very impressed.  The facility is very clean and the staff is amazing.  I brought my dog back for an interview which they do at no charge and she was allowed to stay the whole day.  I had her there for about 6 hours and I could tell when I picked her up that she did not not want to go.  She had the best time with the other dogs and getting to play all day was just perfect.  If you do not use Camp Bow Wow for your dog, you are just doing them an injustice.  5 stars across the board.
4	After calling CBW about issues with my pup, the staff was very responsive. The manager on site called me back and offered to refund the price of the grooming services we paid for (but didn't receive) and part of our camp fees. That was really appreciated. I will definitely consider trying them out again next time -- and hopefully it will go much better!
5	Very courteous staff who are proactive in assuring your pets safety. They are very professional at Camp Bow Wow. I would highly recommend!
5	I LOVE LOVE LOVE Camp Bow Wow!My bf and I work very long hours, especially during the summer months. Although she is kennel trained, we both felt really bad about our pup having to stay home during the day for long periods of time. And of course she cant stay in her outside dog run because of the warm/hot weather.I began to research dog day camps and I am so happy that I found CBW through Yelp. We have no children so our pitty is our baby. She is 2 1/2 years old but still romps around like a puppy. She always has so much energy and although she swims every weekend, the bf and I are usually very tired during the week and dont take her out to play (bad I know). Her first day was yesterday and that was a free day because it was considered an interview day to see if she would be a good fit with the other dogs and for CBW. The staff was extremely friendly and answered all my questions. I was able to give them her food and the counselor even explained that they make sure that the pups dont play for 1 hr after eating which I appreciated because I don't want my pup to get sick with bloat. If you dont bring your own food they have their own food to feed the pups but I am not sure if that costs any extra. I did have to buy one of their quick release collars which was only $6, not bad at all; and they attach a little name tag for your dog (had to buy their because I didn't have one of my own). When I arrived to pick her up that evening they gave me a full run down of her day and even a little report card that said how she did; also they gave me a little welcome bag that had a sample of their food, your pets certificate (photo on it, how cute) that they passed their interview day and some coupons. When we got home my pitty who has ALWAYS been one to jump around and run around every where, went straight to her bed and laid down and she was out. She did get up to eat (she didn't eat during the day probably because she was overly excited) but after that went right back to sleep. She didn't even want to walk upstairs when it was bed time; usually she will run up them but this time I had to coax her to come to bed upstairs. The counselor at pick up warned of "camp hangover" and boy did she have it. Bad.I took her for a second day of consecutive play today, she could barely contain herself in the car when we pulled up this morning; I think she knew she was back for more play. When we arrived on our second day both of the counselors remembered by pup and greeted her by name immediately, which she loved. Today she overly enjoyed herself again :) Came right home, ate, and passed out on the couch with us. She could barely keep her eyes open. At first the bf was iffy about a dog day camp but after her second day and seeing how happy our pup was and how well taken care of she was, he is convinced that CBW is a good thing for our family!I didn't feel nervous leaving her there while I was at work because of the warm welcoming atmosphere. Everyone there at 7 am was all smiles! My favorite part is that I can check the cameras during the day to see how she is doing! You can do it on their website from the computer or buy the app from the App Store if you have an iPhone, it does cost $1.99 but I think it totally worth it to keep an eye on your baby (I always see a camp counselor supervising and playing with the pups). I like that they are located pretty much in the middle of town and its only a mile from my office. I love that all the pups are kept together by size and they are free to go in and outside as they please. The outside yard has shade and artificial turf.I am super stoked that I have found CBW for our pitty. I no longer have to worry about her being locked up during the day. I can't afford to take her every day of the week but she will definitely be there 3 (sometimes 4 if I have a few extra bucks) days a week. Although my budget doesn't allow every day attendance, I do feel that their prices are extremely reasonable for all of the wonderfulness that CBW has about them. What a great staff and clean facility! I just cant say enough good things!I would highly recommend them to fellow Yelpers, my family, and my friends.
5	This place rocks! Had CBW watch Labs for overnight weekend in my house and additional dog walking, not one problem, well, one problem, I think my dogs love Vanessa more than me :) Employees are young, professional and energetic. Recommend them to everyone I know. Lots of people don't go on trips if they cant take their dogs, rest assured this company does a great job watching your dogs.
5	My puppy loves camp bow wow! I can trust leaving my pup here while I'm at work all day knowing that he is having a great time and getting taken care of. Very reasonably priced, friendly staff, and very clean. I would recommend this place to anyone! Perfect place to take your pup to socialize!
5	Camp Bow Wow is perfect place for dogs to socialize and get there energy out. The Staff are very kind and loves all the dogs. I feel comfortable and safe taking Hawool to Camp Bow Wow. They also have all different size of yards for different size of dogs. My puppy and I love this place!
4	**Review is exclusively for day care and NOT boarding**+Friendly, helpful staff+Clean facility+Iphone app so you can see your doggies at any time+Affordable+Close to the strip+Dogs played all day and were totally exhausted.  They really got all their energy outTip for Boarding: We asked about boarding and there is NO staff there with the dogs at night.  They have a motion sensor and security patrolling.
4	Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay... Camp Bow Wow is in the motha fuck'n house! Whenever I go to Vegas with my dogs and I plan to gamble like I have no reason to lose or I know I'm going to go HAM up in the day club I sign them up for doggy day care. Its just the responsible pre-drunk thing to do. They get to play with doggies their size and if you bring your own food they feed them. It tires them out and saves you from them tearing your whole shit up at the hotel room.The staff are friendly, the prices are reasonable, they have both half and full day, day care. I took off a star because there is no 24 hr staff on premises for over night boarding. Ah well, you can't have everything.Oh yah! They have an app so you can watch them anywhere you go over your phone. So sick!
5	Dolce, our pittie loves it here.  This was one of Dolce's Trainer recommendation since we had told her that the two places that we take our little girl to for boarding and daycare will not allow her to play with other playmates.  Upon reading more about Camp Bow Wow, we immediately schedule for an interview day where she gets to attend day care for free (minimum of 3 hours).  Camp wanted to make sure that she gets along with other dogs before admitting her. The process was so simple.  We took our little girl there at 7:30am on a Sunday and when we got home, we were pretty much watching her on camp bow wow cam while we tackle some house chores.  Right around 1pm, we didn't see her in the cam for 10 minutes so we decided to go get her.  When we got there, they let us know that they think it's Dolce that threw up, though it doesn't look threatening since it was mainly water.  Therefore, they put her in timeout to settle down.  They also give us a goodie bag which includes special discounts for her.A week later, we took Dolce there for day care @8am and right around 12:30pm, I received a call from CBW staff letting me know that Dolce broke out in hives though she was still actively playing, and should we still allow her to play. I told her that Dolce gets environmental allergies and that it's ok for her to continue playing.  They then allow her to play some more.Dolce really loves this camp, and we do too.  This is the place for our pittie to release her energy.
5	We had our dogs camp here overnight for the first time and we are really impressed! The people are friendly and pay special attention to details. The place smells incredibly clean...no pee smell at all. Our boxer socializes well and it was great to see that on camera. Our yorkie doesn't socialize that well and keeps to herself. We could see on camera that the staff was paying special attention to her. When we went to pick them up they commented about feeling a lump on our yorkie that we had already had checked out at the vet. I thought that was great that they noticed and cared. We highly recommend this place and feel confident leaving our dogs here in the future.
5	After having a terrible experience at Doggie District, I decided to branch out and find another place to put my pets while I was away. Through other reviews, I found Camp Bow Wow. I set up an interview for my pets, and was blown away by the amazing service they offered. Not only did I get a free day of daycare for my puppies, a "welcome to camp" goodie bag, but I got to watch them play from home with their online cameras! After the initial daycare, I left them there for four days while I went on vacation. It was awesome to be able to watch them and know that they were being well taken care of. And when I finally picked them up, they were so tired they fell asleep in the car! (Something they NEVER do.) Every time I take them there now, they get excited to go in and play with all the other dogs. :-) Thanks Camp Bow Wow!
5	Disclaimer: Review is for Daycare only, not Boarding. I am a big fan of Camp Bow Wow - staff is always incredibly pleasant. They know me by name, they know my dog and are always happy to see us. The facility is clean and the dogs are never left unattended. They have indoor/outdoor access for the dogs. Dogs are separated based on size. Mobile app allows you to see doggy camper cameras on the go. Very close to the strip, easy for me to drop off my pup before and after work. Big fan!
5	A wonderful place for your dogs while you're busy for the day or out of town for the weekend! I had mixed feeling at first knowing this company is a a large company and franchise. However this location has such friendly and helpful staff. The concept of interviewing the dogs, not just accepting anyones dogs (must be observed first, vaccinated with proof, spayed/neutered), providing other reasonable priced grooming services, cameras, and giving you a report card are all great. It lets your pups get exercise, playtime, and attention. They'll knock out with you by the time they're back home. In addition, the benefits of having other locations actually help if you're traveling with your dogs. It feels and smells clean and sanitary. The only downfall I hope they improve on are the camera quality. They really do lag and are slow, on computers and iPhone. Other than that, you'll feel welcomed & know your kids are in good hands.
5	Great place! Great people work there! Super nice staff and my Rhodesian Ridgeback Kopi loves it! The second that we pull up to the place, she is ready to jump out the car and get in there! If your dog is well socialized, they will love it and the staff genuinely cares!
5	I have used Camp Bow Wow several times (for boarding and day camp) when we visit Las Vegas for the weekend. From the setting of the appointment to picking them up, they make the process so easy. My pup Darby loves it there. I feel that extra added security being able to watch him on the camper cams. They camp counselors are true pet lovers. I'm headed to Vegas again this summer and my dog will definitely be in their care again.
1	Our Goldendoddle stayed 2 nights this month here. We were visiting from out of state & Camp Bow Wow came with high recommendations. But needless to say our dog came down with Bordettella after her short stay at this facility. We are very dissapointed. Our concern is that the dogs are being exposed to animals who are not vaccinated. Please be careful when considering Camp Bow Wow. It's so upsetting to have my dog suffer with Bordettella. The staff we were in contact with seemed to be professional & sincere. That is the only reason for the one star. Everything else was less then impressive.
5	Had a great experience with Camp Bow Wow. Super easy, very communicative & less expensive than Denzel's boarding at home in LA. $42/night (& includes the following day if you need) & $50 grooming. Groomer even called & texted a pic to make sure I was happy with his cut & camp called for departure ETD so they could have him groomed up & ready to go. And to top it off, they're right off the Strip; easy to drop-off & pick-up. Highly recommend!
3	The staff know my dog by name the moment she walks in, they treat her as if she were their own dog, their new camera system has recently gone up and the quality is superb, etc. Getting there. The only thing I have an issue with is the staff's attention to detail. The form I filled out for my dog's initial interview seemed mostly ignored. When I questioned the front desk weeks after my dog's initial interview who my emergency contact was, they didn't have an answer for me. No entry in the computer. Even though it was clearly on the form I had given them. Had I not asked, who exactly would they have contacted during an emergency had I been unavailable? While it seems like a small issue, my dog's life is not. It makes me question what else other vital information is missing. Also, one other issue I have had is the constant scratches my dog has been receiving from other dogs and the staff's lack of attention to this. Not once have I been told my dog had scratches to her body. I'd have to figure it out myself and treat any wounds myself. While most were extremely minor, one particular scratch on her neck seemed to have possibly bled at one point but not one staff member told me of this and to my knowledge and by the looks of it, the wound was never treated. What if an infection had occurred if the wound went unnoticed? How long had the wound been sitting like that? While scratches are unavoidable and I'm sure my dog does instigate play fights, I've been told I would always be notified if my dog is ever hurt in anyway. I'd like the place to keep their word if I'm going to be told something like that. I'm sure it's a wonder why I'm still awarding the location three stars after the two complaints I posted but those two issues can be fixed. Easily. Staff just need to work a bit harder getting all data in and staff need to give a quick look over dogs intermittently and before they're brought out to the owner. That's all. Once improvements are made, I'd be more than happy to change my review but until then, three stars. P.s. I will still be taking my dog here. A good enough job is done to warrant that. I'm just hoping 'good enough' isn't what the location is relying on.
5	We would be lost without camp!!  Our dog gets so beyond excited when I announce to her it's camp day.  The staff is amazing and caring.  And our pup comes home exhausted and happy as can be.  Highly recommend!!
5	We have been bringing our pup there since he was four months old, and we love it!Favorite things: no breed discrimination, all day play, puppy cams that I can check during the day (this is my number one stress reliever during the day!), and counselors who love my dog (it's totally mutual).When we drop him off, he's excited to be there, and he's also happy (and exhausted) when we pick him up. Seriously, he's asleep by the time we hit the freeway.The front office staff are also friendly and attentive. Michelle rocks!The rates for day care and boarding are very reasonable, and we've recently started using their trainer, who is also great.All in all, these folks are great. They handle dog parent concerns with compassion and practicality, and my dog freaking loves the place!
5	Had some minor issues, but the owner was standing behind making me feel like a valued costumer. Overall a great experience, and I would love to bring my dog back here!
5	Saved my life!  I am from LA, but frequently travel to Vegas for work.  This place was recommended to me by a friend, and it has been amazing.  I no longer have to leave my dog at home when I travel, he goes in to doggie daycare during the day, they even do trainings, and then I pick him up in the evening he is tired out, and I get to just go back to my hotel and snuggle!  Best of both worlds!  I get the dog tired out, and trained all in one stop:)  Highly recommend this place, everyone is super friendly, and it's a life saver for the busy career gal.  Thanks camp bow wow!
5	Today was my dogs first day at Camp Bow Wow. He loved it and so did I. I loved how I got to watch him from home on my computer. I got to see how the staff worked with all the dogs and how they kept the facility clean as soon as a dog went to the bathroom they cleaned it up right away. I also noticed that they were always putting out fresh water for the dogs. I must have watched that camera for a good 2 hours straight and left it on the whole time until I went to pick up my dog every time I looked at the camera I saw nothing but happy dogs having a great time including mine. This is definitely a place I will be boarding my dog when I get married in February. I just hope that when we have to take him home after leaving him for 3 days that he will want to come and not stay lol. Today was only his first day and when we were driving out of the parking lot he was barking and crying like he wanted to stay which he never does. I'm so glad that Maverick had a wonderful time and even made some new friends. He also got to come home with a goody bag that had a certificate and report card along with other little goodies for him. Thank you Camp Bow Wow for making Maverick's day so wonderful.
5	After doing a bit of research, I decided to try out Camp Bow Wow. I was very concerned about my dog and where he would be staying while I went on vacation for a week. The staff spent some time talking with me on my initial visit without my dog. I asked tons of questions and was shown the areas where the pups are kept. What I really liked was being able to watch or as I like to say "spy" on my dog pretty much all day while he went for his initial daycare visit which is required prior to boarding to observe your dogs temperament  and behavior with other dogs. At the end of the day, when we picked my dog up he had a report card with information of what he did and a short evaluation of his behavior. So I decided to board him when I went on vacation. It was great being able to check in on him from time to time, especially the first few days. My dog also got some training while he was boarded. Those training sessions all had reports on them which had information of what was reviewed. The first night I had my pup back we tried out some of his obedience training and he did awesome we could already see the difference. I was very happy with how much calmer he has become after his short stay at Camp Bow Wow. Though it was a bit pricey to board and train it was definitely worth it!!!
5	Rocky loves this place.  He literally runs straight up to their front door and then leaves me hanging in the lobby while he makes a run for it through the door to the back play area.  He always gets the socialization and exercise he needs when we do full-days, half-days, or boarding stays.  The staffers are super knowledgable and try to work with Rocky's quirks and hyperactivity.  They know our dog by name and can pick him out  of their large groups of dogs, which tells me they spend lots of time interacting with the dogs.  If Rocky ever misbehaves, they give him a time-out to get a drink of water and calm down for a minute or two, and then they let him back - and all is well again.  We absolutely love this place, although we wish there were more coupons/specials, since it does add up.  (Grooming isn't 5-star but it's satisfactory.  We prefer our vet for cleaning and clipping.)  They also require shot records and usually alert us at a visit that Rocky will be due for something.  They really do look at all the vaccines to keep their facility healthy.  Love that.
5	I take my dog here every time I go to Vegas. I've met the owners I have to say they're very standup people. The only negative thing I can say is that I don't live in Vegas and therefore cant use this service regularly.I have to say that I am a fan of the Las Vegas can bow out!
4	I bring my dog here when I come to Vegas since pups aren't allowed on the strip. It's cage free and he gets to run around and play with other dogs. They have various rooms the dogs play in, and there are cameras so you can spy on your pups while you're away (I think you have to pay for an app to see, though). They do a nice job bathing the dogs too, if you select that, so they go home looking and smelling nice and clean. It's a little pricey but it's a cute place.
