3	I've only ever been here for lunch.  But each time I walk away I feel like they should grease the doors so I can fit through the doorway.  The feel here is an Aspen lodge-themed version of Claim Jumper or Cheesecake Factory.  The food here is OK and could be called Western with Southwest influences, but their strong suit seems to be more of the meat/potatoes specialties.  I usually get the french dip on toasted baguette with steak fries.  But my favorite here is probably the Durango burger - which is huge and comes with pepper jack cheese and jalapeno ranch.  I've had my eye on the lobster spinach queso for a while.  Need to order that next time.The portions are huge, the restaurant is large, and the look of the place is very themed and corporate looking.   It's a good restaurant pick in the chain monotony that is 83rd and Bell, and definitely recommended if you're in the Peoria area.  But it's nothing I would go out my way for.  There's also another location in Chandler.
2	Not bad food, combined with so so service. I tried the firebird chicken pasta and i have had better at chilies. I also don't drink soda so i ordered a lemonaid and since it was made at the bar  (non-alcoholic) they were 4 bucks each. it sounds like im cheap but 4 dollars for some sugar, water, and lemon? then 4 dollars for a second one? ok. the place was nice and huge on the inside, if i was taking a client out i would go there for the appearance but for my son, wife, and myself i think next time ill pass.
2	I have to give credit to the Manager and our Waiter before i start talking smack. They did a wonderful job at easing our troubles that we had with the hostess. This was my first time there, I was with my partner on a tuesday afternoon and it wasnt very busy. We asked for a booth, we followed her and she then tried to sit us at this half table, half booth thing. If they were busy and this was the only table that would have been fine but there was plenty of other 2 sided booths available. When we asked her if we could sit at another booth, She gave this big sigh and said follow me. Now normally they hostess would take you to another booth and then go back to the front to fix the seating chart. But not her, she made us follow her back up to the front and then back out into the dining area and sat us. The whole time mind you copping attitude at us. So within the first 20 seconds we had experienced this bs. We let our waiter know the situation, he let the Manager know and he quickly came to our aid. Was very appolgetic and comped our appetizer. So we are enjoying our food which was extremely good. Mmmmm. and we see the manager and the hostess go into the back. 10min later we see her storm throught the restaurant and then see her walk out into the parking lot. He sent that B*tch home!!!! I was amazed....never had that happen before. Right before we were about to leave he gave us a 10$ gift card to come back.....booyah
1	This place is the rip off of all rip offs. My boyfriend and I decided to go there for lunch over the summer. We ordered drinks from the bar, ridiculously priced for a restaurant during the day, $9.50 for some mojitos? Come on. They weren't that good. Now we were starving when we arrived, I ordered the tilapia and asparagus and he order the meatloaf and potatoes. We received our food and he dug in right away. I just sat and looked at mine. "Fourteen dollars for this? How much was yours, eleven dollars?" My boyfriend looks at my plate and could only say, "That's it?" He received a FULL plate of meatloaf and the other half of mashed potatoes. I had six stalks of asparagus and a piece of fish the size of a child's hand. That was it. I called the waiter over and asked him if all the fish were this size and he said he thought so and there was nothing wrong with my meal. I asked him if this was worth $14 to him and he said he thought so. I told him, "I'm not from Scottsdale, I would like to see the manager." The manager walks over and proceeds to actually argue with me about the food saying that it is perfectly fine. I said, "It may be fine, it may taste great, but I'm still going to be hungry after this $14 meal. I would at least like another piece of fish." He tells me for $6 he could get me one more piece of fish and I tell him I'm not paying that for another piece this size. At this point my boyfriend is offering me his food, but that's not what I wanted. Finally I tell the manager just take it back, I'm sorry to see you toss that but you are doing nothing to satisfy this customer. He literally did nothing but argue with me. I wasn't trying to get a free meal, I just wanted to get what I was paying for. Rude people, overpriced food, crappy bar. Take your business somewhere else.
4	Good steak, always cooked perfectly (med rare), good burgers, good salads, valet service. Decent service, decent prices, just don't drink there... lol
3	We stopped by Firebirds after seeing a friend in Peoria on my birthday last Friday.  To our amazement there was an open table in the bar on a slammed Friday night.  I'm not sure if it is, but it felt a bit chain-ish to me.  We split a crunchy chicken salad and a burger and both were good, but not something I would drive back there for.  I liked the look and feel of the place, reminded me a bit of the NW.  Overall a nice dinner, but nothing to brag about.
4	If this place is a chain, it certainly doesn't feel like it... which I count as a good thing.The atmosphere here was pleasant and had a log cabin feel to it without feeling corny. The service was fast and friendly. The manager even came by to see if everything was alright.I had a grilled shrimp & strawberry salad, which was excellent. The bread they serve before you receive your food was very tasty. The food was modestly priced, most items being between $10 to $15, but the alcohol seemed pretty expensive (which doesn't surprise me). Overall this place didn't blow me away, but it was very good and I would consider going back here.
5	So let me start this review by saying, this was not my original destination.  I was looking for a good place to take a client for a business dinner and needed some very specific things.  So after searching around for a restaurant with good tables, Wifi and a Gluten Free menu, I came across Firebirds.  I called to verify the Wifi and Gluten free menu and see if I could make a reservation at a table near an outlet for the laptop.  They were extremely friendly about the request and very accommodating.Our party arrived at the restaurant and confirmed the reservation at the front.  We were greeted by a friendly host and were seated immediately.  Initially, I like the look of the place.  I'm usually very critical of the architecture and design but this place a had a nice feel, it was not overly decorated and the lighting was well done and gave the right mood.Our server was at the table very fast and got our drink orders going right away.  We requested the Gluten Free Menu for our client and the server was able to answer all our questions about the menus.  We all ended up ordering the Filet Mignon dinner and the waiter worked with us to find a Gluten Free cocktail for our client.  The food was out within a reasonable time and was fantastic.  All of us had nothing but good things to say about the steak, mine was one of the best I ever had and much better than some I've paid three times as much for!This is where it gets interesting:  We had a catastrophe of epic proportions!!  Our client, mid meal, knocked his martini glass into his plate, shattering the glass all over his steak and spilling his drink all over himself.  He went outside to smoke and calm his frustration in himself.  While he was gone, the waiter came by to clear the mess and had the manager come over to talk to us.  They immediately replaced his drink, with almost no prompting from us, and replaced his meal free of charge!!  The chef personally delivered the replaced dish and the manager personally came by to make sure everything else was to our satisfaction.  When they delivered the check, everything was perfect and we were given a gift card for the trouble (trouble we had caused!).In my experience, the customer service here was better than any place I've been.  I will definitely go back to this restaurant.  Thanks to the manager, Shawn, and our server, Corbin, we had a great experience here and they have our business.
1	It's been a while since I have eaten here, but when I last went I had a horrific experience.  I got the chicken salad, which was full of dark meat, bone, gristle, skin, etc.  I had to run to the bathroom and get rid of it.  When I returned to the table, I calmly explained to the manager I was unhappy with the food (you could see that the quality of food was really low.)  The manager was rude and I had to argue with him to remove the meal and my drink from the bill.  I would think that after a customer was caused to vomit he would have already taken my meal off the bill...at the least.  I'd never go back.  I wrote a letter to the head chef of the chain and copied the manager and got absolutely no response from either.  Poor food.  Poor service.  Poor management that goes all the way up to the highest level.
5	I've been to Firebirds on Bell in Peoria twice now.  The first time I went with one of my friends from out of town, and the experience was one of the greatest I've had at a restaurant.  The server was exceptionally alert to our needs, and the food was amazing!  I ordered a steak rubbed with their special chili powder, and my friend ordered their baby back ribs.  Both were perfectly cooked and tasted awesome -- one of the best steaks and best ribs I've ever had.  The second time my parents came into town and I took them there to celebrate my dad's birthday.  Again, the food was amazing and the service was great.  Portions are large (at least for steaks), and again cooked to order.  I also highly recommend their desert pear margarita... it's extremely refreshing, especially in the summer.Bottom line -- one of my all-time favorite restaurants.  And my friend's only complaint was that they didn't have a Firebirds in Houston!  I can't wait to take my fiancee there when she comes into town!
3	The prime rib which is supposedly their best dish, was a bit salty.  It didn't help that they ran out of rare meat.  They only had medium rare.  The horseradish which was provided with the dish was not potent at all.  Even the straight horseradish had absolutely no impact.  The food was edible, but definitely not a place to go back to.
2	Did I get sick here? No.Was the food knarly? No.Did the waitress dis Coke products ? (How uncouth!) YesWas I charged for food we didn't order? Yes.Will I ever come back to Firebirds? No.
4	Damn I failed my own suggestions. We had some drinks here... the billreflected it too. I had a burger, which was perfect. Baked spud. 1 Captain and Coke which seemed a little lacking, so I asked the waitress to have them make it a little stronger the next time. Yep... charged for a double. So MY drink tab was almost 20 for two drinks. My beautiful wife had a killer salad, added chicken and split a bottle of wine with a BFF. $34 for the bottle. Some how the bill was $95 including tip. WTF 95-20-17=58 For a salad and a burger??? I am calling the manager.
4	Some friends called while I was in the grocery store Saturday night and asked me to meet them there for dinner.  That changed my plans significantly for the evening.  Good thing I had not already picked up the salmon I was planning on.  Arriving about 6:30 you would never know there was a recession in progress.  Firebirds shares a lot with 3 other chain restaurants and I had to circle the lot a couple of times to find a spot.  Without reservations we were quoted 40 minutes which turned out to only be about 25.Courtney, our waitress, was on top of her game.  She was right there with iced tea refills and knew the answer to every question we asked except one allergy related question and she was back quickly with that answer.  The folks next to us had a small child and she made sure the apps hit the table fast to keep the child, who was a perfect angel the whole time, busy and happy.All of us were very happy with our food except for one minor thing.  I had ordered my blue cheese filet medium and it came medium rare which will quite often leaves the middle too chewy for my liking.  I pointed it out to the waitress and she immediately offered to take it back and cook it some more and in another minute the manager was there with the same offer.  As it worked out it was acceptable for a couple of reasons; it was a good piece of meat to begin with and because I had not yet finished my salad it got to sit a bit before I cut it open.  So I would not let them take it back.  They did insist on my taking a dessert to go and I got the creme brulee cheesecake which I used for a delicious lunch the next day.Inexpensive this place isn't but it was an excellent dinner.  The service was great.  While they were quick to get stuff to the table I noticed they were not rushing couples that wanted to linger over coffee either.
4	Very modern decor with high ceilings and exposed beams.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere here.  It felt clean and well-organized.  I also enjoyed the view at the back of the restaurant where you could see the kitchen.  I found the food delicious.  The bread was indeed a treat.I went with the BLT salad and added wood-fired chicken.  The dressing was to die for! They didn't smother it and everything tasted extremely fresh.  The portion was a bit large though and I ended up bringing a lot home.My boyfriend had their burger and found the bacon to be supremely seasoned and the perfect texture.   He is a burger lover and this one it near the top of his list.Would love to return and try other meals here.
5	This is my favorite steak restaurant in the WV, I've been here numerous times and love it every single time.    The idiots who don't like this place probably ordering salads.   If you like steak and burgers, u will love this place.   Great atmosphere and great food period.
5	Great food!
4	Amazing new York strip
3	Great food. Period. The New York strip was nothing less than amazing BUT I don't think the atmosphere/service matched the price of the food. The food is that of a high-end steakhouse. The atmosphere is similar to a bar or soup kitchen. This place is just plain noisy (people shouting, loud music, and tons of pots clanking due to the open kitchen). It's cool to watch your food being cooked I guess but I really don't want to hear it, especially when I'm paying almost $30 a plate.
3	After living at the location in Chandler (which i miss), we decided to hit up this location.  I love Firebirds regardless of location.  It's seriously the best steak I've eaten. (yea yeah..  I know I haven't been everywhere).  For a chain it's great.We show up about 6PM expecting the "OH it'll be 45minutes to an hour" wait.. But they offer us the outside with heated lamps.  So we take it.  Ohhh those lamps were nice.  We sit down and our waitress quickly shows up and takes our drink orders.  I ask for extra butter for our butt bread.. Yes I call it butt bread.  If you've been to Firebirds, you know why.  Anyway, i love butter, and Firebirds bread is the BEST pre-dinner bread in the world. The three of us split the BLT salad and quickly devour it fast along with the bread.  Then we order our entrees.  I forget what my friends ordered, but I got my favorite; the Ribeye. Mmmmm.. With a baked potato.  Which are awesome.When my food finally arrives, I quickly mash all the goods into my potato and start going to town on it. That's when I notice. "wow.. this potato isnt that good."   The toppings were ok, but the potato just seemed a bit dry.  Something I haven't experienced in a Firebirds before.  So for the first time in my FB experience, I did not finish the potato.. :(I hit my steak next and made quick work of it.Good location, I was hopin for a yummier potato.  Is that worth three stars?  Probably not, but I can always change it later on right?
2	Returned here after a year's absense. I understand they have had a change in management. some for the better, some for the worse. new general manager and now the service seems much friendlyer and efficient. New chef and now food is slow to arrive and not as good as it used to be. steak was charred, mashed potatos were lukewarm. Took over 30 minutes for our food to arrive. hopefully it was just an off night for the kitchen. but the general feel was that they lost the attention to the little details
4	We went to Firebirds for a company dinner and they had no problem taking care of such a large group. Service was quick, orders were all perfectly correct. I had salmon which was perfectly cooked. The crab cake appetizer was fabulous. Happy hour really was great, half priced drinks and appetizers. The cherry limeade alcoholic beverage was delicious!
1	No stars!My wife and I were looking for something different in Glendale \ Peoria area.  Lots of the usual chains here, and since we had never been in Firebirds, we might as well try it.  MistakeIt wasn't that busy and we were told by the door holder (can't call her a hostess since she was no host) said to sit anywhere.  We waited 15 minutes just to get the waitress to come take drink orders.  Not a good start.Our Queso with Chips was cold when it came out.  Our meals were bland, greasy bar food.  My ribs tasted like they were bought from Safeway.  And service continued to be ridiculously poor.Yelp makes me give it a star, which it doesn't deserve.  Spending $60 for dinner for 2 and having it be this bad an experience deserves no stars  Do not waste your time at this poor excuse for a sports bar.  There are many better choices.
3	1st time at Firebirds the other day for lunch.  Wasn't too impressed when I walked in. Lots of people, poor acoustics.  Was seated with no waiting which is a plus.  Tried the colorado chicken salad and was very happily surprised.  Tasty.  Service was good; Michael was very attentive to our threesome.  Will try it again.
3	Had dinner with some friends went to the bar to get a drink from the bartender and he would not serve us . So the other bartender got our drinks and it was just 2 beer . How hard is 2 beers. We didn't feel welcome what so ever. We waited 15 minutes to get a table. The dinner was good. Spinach & Queso was delicious but it did take a while( 45 minutes) to get our meal.
5	Had the Ribeye with Port Mushrooms.  Really good.
4	My husband and I had a celebratory dinner here last weekend. Great prime rib, good service, no wait to sit at the bar and we both agreed it was more fun anyway. The garden salad was actually amazing and the key lime pie was pretty good too. I would probably get the sweet potatoes over the baked potato next time, but will definitely go back.
4	If you like mushrooms you must try the port mushroom appetizers.  They're delicious!!!   It's got the right amount of sweetness from the wine marinade, piping hot right off the stove, and is cooked to perfection all the time.  These 'shrooms will make your taste buds stand at attention.If you like bread before your meals Firebirds will not disappoint.  The bread comes out warm and will warm even the coldest of hearts.Nuff said.observation - On a totally unrelated note - I feel like I'm in a ski lodge whenever I step into Firebirds. :p
5	This is the best place ever. The customer service is fantastic and their food is better. I love this place! Salads are so fresh. Any are good, but do try their house salad. I always order the filet wth the baked potato. I used to order the shrimp to go with it, but it is just too salty. My husband and son love, love, love the smokehouse burger.
4	We wanted to go out for a family dinner (my best friends, their kids, and I) before I went to the airport and headed back to Vegas. We came in here because they (the fam) had always had a good experience and, I heard, the food was good. The kids had the french dip and raved about it. The baguette was toasted and buttery, the generous portion of steak was tender and juicy, and the au jus was perfect. They raved, too, about the crispy steak fries that came with it. I tasted the slaw and liked it, though the kids didn't care for it. I am going to go with personal preference on that one. It wasn't too sweet and, I thought, complemented the heaviness of the rest of the dish. I opted for the Caesar salad and the crab cake appetizer. The "small" Caesar wasn't small at all but a good portion of fresh romaine, thinly shaved (melt in your mouth thin, amazing) Parmesan cheese, and a robust, flavor-packed dressing. I opted out of the croutons but said yes to the fresh-cracked pepper. Very, very good. The crab cakes were a bit on the small side for most people (I don't eat that much so it was fine for me, but I can see where others may want more). They were crispy on the outside and tender on the inside with a good portion of real lump crab. I wish there was a little more crab and a little less of the breadcrumb-mix-filler. It wasn't bad, but - and in part, because of their smallish size - the delicious lump crab texture and flavor was a bit of a tease. Focus more on the crab, less on the cake. That said, the mango chutney that came with it was great. A nice contrast, it was sweetly tart made with real fruit. The slaw that was included, a little different from that the kids' had with their sandwiches, fell flat. The nut seeds and tortilla strips made it too busy. Stick to the plain slaw and it will be that much better. The Mr. and Mrs. each had steaks, a ribeye and a sirloin, respectively. His was, as ordered, a perfect medium to medium well (blasphemous, but that's not the restaurant's fault). Hers was ordered rare (cool red center; I love this woman) but came to us more a medium rare. Add to that it seemed it didn't rest long enough, she explained to the waiter that the flavors were amazing... but it wasn't cooked to order. Not only did they give her a new plate - including a fresh serving of the roasted pecan green beans we all helped to devour - the manager delivered it himself. The new steak was cooked perfectly, rested properly, and tasted great. Side note: When the steak was returned, it was great to see the staff huddle and talk about it. Obviously we couldn't hear the interaction so what we viewed as them using this an opportunity to learn and improve the service may have been a discussion on how horrible we were... but I doubt it. ;) The staff was amazing, they took the time to do it right, and no one seemed put out or offended. This was a big plus! And then... dessert. Three words: Creme. Brulee. Cheesecake. The cheesecake was light and flavorful. What made it special was the real brulee-style, hard sugar crust on top. Not only great in texture (and, a bit of a novelty on a piece of cheesecake; *thwack, crack!*), but it had a great, fresh flavor that went well with the rest of the dessert and fruit accompaniments.Definitely a great meal in a great atmosphere with great service. A few little things aside, we will happily return.----Full disclosure: The manager took care of the Mrs.' entree. The rating comes from the food, service, etc., not from this. It was a nice, unexpected surprise, especially because they replaced it quickly and it was perfect. Still, important to be noted.
5	I have been to Firebirds many times and will continue to go.  It is a delicious steak house that has many other items that are great for the whole family.  We always start with the ranch rings. They are perfectly breaded and crisp and come with a garlic ranch dressing that everyone in my family loves.  Every time we go my daughter can't seem to get enough of the wood fired salmon.  The best part is that the salmon is on the kids menu so it makes it a little more affordable.  For dinner I have had the Firebirds Chicken Pasta, it was creamy and full of flavor.  Cilantro Grilled Chicken breast that was perfectly cooked with the parmesan mashed potatoes I couldn't get enough of the jack cheese sauce.  The Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon with mushrooms and bleu cheese was so good that when I was finished eating it I could only think that I wanted more.  My niece recently tried the Sesame Encrusted Salmon with the parmesan potatoes and fried spinach.  The salmon left the plate quickly between her and my daughter, who helped her eat it when her salmon was gone, the fried spinach was something of a mystery.  At first when the spinach enters the mouth there is a crunch and then it just melts away leaving a salty taste that soon disappears.  Odd yes delicious yes, it was great with the salmon, or at least my daughter thought so since I don't like fish.  Mr C got the Baby Back Ribs and enjoyed them making a perfect mess of himself.  They brought him a warm wet towel to help clean up, thank you.  The Chile Rubbed Delmonico has this delicious rub that makes the meat melt in your mouth.  The meat itself is very fatty which I normally wouldn't even try but the rub gave it a flavor that was worth the fat.  Everyone in the family has tried this and most everyone has ordered it at one time or another.  To finish the meal we always get the creme brulee cheesecake.  The crunch sugar top with the soft and creamy cheesecake and the graham cracker crust with blueberries and strawberries and a strawberry sauce makes this a beautiful end to a perfect meal.  We have never been dissatisfied and have always received great service. They have a great wine selection, with beers that satisfy my beer snob husband and coffees with liqueurs that help to end a meal on a high note. The price isn't bad for the food that you receive.  Take family or friends and enjoy a night out.
2	***DON'T*** GO TO CELEBRATE A BIRTHDAY.  I was floored! $135 in food for 4 people to celebrate my husband's B-day and they don't do anything, we would have gone to the Black Angus or CARVERS they are near the same area, just as delicious steaks *and* less money $!!  At least at those places we would get a candle in a brownie just so we could say that we had him blow out a candle for his b-day.  I can't justify $28 entries that do not come with a soup or salad in this economic climate, and NO hospitality, so even though the food is good we won't be returning because we really only go for special occasions go to Carvers or Black Angus or even Outback! Before we return here!
4	This is one of my favorite places to go.  I almost always have the Filet with a loaded baked potato and a glass (or two) of merlot. The staff is always courteous and quick, the food is always cooked perfectly- it is a little on the pricey side though...Especially if you have any drinks while you are there.
4	The daughter and I made another trip to Phoenix last week and we did what we always do while in AZ:  we tend to frequent a lot of chain restaurants and this is a chain that we had yet to try.We came here with my Mom for a late lunch (after being picked up from the airport) around 2pm to a fairly empty restaurant. This place is land locked in between PF Chang's, Cheesecake Factory, Buco De Peppo, Elephant Bar, Red Robin and a slew of other fast and non fast food chains. Our waitress was really nice and we were all glad we brought in sweatshirts because like all AZ restaurants, it was freezing inside. The menu had a lot of great offerings and my Mom and I both chose wood-fired grilled salmon served with perfectly al dente veggies and for me, Parmesan mashed potatoes and Mom's with a baked potato. Daughter opted for some kind of salad with stinky cheese and a cup of their tortilla soup. We were also served fresh baked sourdough bread with cornmeal crust that had Kevin been with us, would have been replenished many many times. The bread was AWESOME. My salmon was cooked perfectly and was delicious. I was super pleased with my meal (it was huge for lunch and at $14.00 including the large helping of fresh vegetable was better than my favorite chain salmon that only comes with rice and 5 or 6 snow peas). The daughter LOVED her salad (I didn't taste it due to the stinky cheese) and the soup was flavorful but thick like the kind Chili's serves and not in a good way. I would come back here in a heartbeat and avoid some of the other monstrosities  around.
2	*********PRICEY IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT**************The food is OK ...... not outstanding.The Wait staff ....... is a bit above average.The menu .......... they believe they're akin to Morton's Steak House.       Salad is EXTRA       Average entree price $21My peppered crusted sirloin was $20.50*********The steak was TOUGH & CHEWY...... FIT FOR A BEAVER.*************** Would I come back, for another try ????????..........not unless I had a pet Beaver.My Ethics .... My Standards:Every business starts with one star ..... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
3	I have been a customer of this location for many years and I am new to yelp.   I felt compelled to write a review due to my frustration with the drink prices at Firebirds.   On a recent visit, myself and my wife split a NY Strip which was delicious and plenty of food for the both of us as we both ordered a salad.   The food here is solid about 80% of the time although I have had a less than adequate steak on occasion for the price ($28 for a strip).   However, my rating has been downgraded due the ridiculous prices they charge for a glass of wine.   My wife ordered two glasses of house merlot and when we got the bill, I was stunned to see the price at $11 per glass.  Never again.   What a waste for a below average glass of house wine.    Order a $6 beer instead.
5	Enjoyed dinner here last night.  Service was great, food spectacular, no room to improve my experience.  I ravaged the delmonico and my wife loved the cilantro chicken.  Martinis were also very good.  Shared my comments with manager Corey.
5	We went and have a wonderful dinner.  We liked everything about the restaurant.  Upon arrival, there was a line up, but fortunately I called ahead and we were immediately seated -:) - The appetizer Lobster Spinach Queso was amazing !, The waiter was really patient with us, he brought us a few tasters until we found what we liked, then we ordered our bottle, and the salads great too !..   The steaks... WOW, each one of the 3 of us had it cooked to perfection.  If I was to say anything, upon entry, it was loud...the music a touch too much so... but when we were seated in the pit, the ceiling was so high, the sound was not overwhelming at all. My husband is a pretty picky steak eater.. and he'd definetely go back !  Joyce H.
4	Usually I go to the Firebirds in Chandler but was on the west side.  I have to say the service was as wonderful as it is in Chandler and the food was equally as good.  I had the strawberry and shrimp salad.  The cook was a little to heavy on the pepper on the shrimp for me but everything was fresh, abundant and good.  Service was exceptional.  The other meals were the ribs and filet.  Everyone's meal was great...only wish the fireplace was positioned in the eating area and not the bar!
4	I love Firebirds. Its warm and cozy. I like to sit in the bar (until they changed it now there is just uncomfortable hightops with stools where there was a nice long bench seat with tables before)  or along the outside of the middle because it can get REALLY loud. Food - 5/5Really haven't had bad food here (only thing i haven't liked is the Sesame Chicken) I like grabbing the Soup and Salad for lunch with the BLT Salad and the Chicken Tortilla Soup.Service - 4/5Always good.Atmosphere - 4/5can be loud, but always a comfortable "log cabin' "winter resort' type feelPrice - 2/5Price is a little high but this certainly isn't a Sizzler.Overall - Try it out you wont complain.
4	This is a great place. I've lived in Peoria for years and for some reason never made it to this joint. So a few weeks ago I'm on  date and figure I will give this place a try. I was BLOWN AWAY. Can't help but to be another person to say it's "cozy" environment was relaxing, but i just did, it is! The only thing missing was a fireplace.The food, I had a bacon wrapped filet, MED RARE, i enjoy blood. WOW it was great. had a HUGE baked potato, some good IPA beer and my date had some wine. All in all, great place for a great night out for dinner, would come back!
5	It was a fantastic lunch! Service was great. The BLT salad is almost as good as it gets. I have been to dinner multiple times but first lunch visit. My steak was cooked perfect and great service. What more can you say.
4	Love love love their "usually" fresh bread and their food is fantastic. My husband and I frequent here a lot and have seen some horrible servers and a lot of turnover, but the food is always magnificant!
5	I have been here many times.  And ironically, the worst meal I ever had from the place is the reason why I am writing a 5 star review.  Every experience I have had here has been great.  Their firebird chicken pasta is awesome, they cook steaks right and season them well, and the place is cozy.  A few days ago, I took my fiancee here and she got a burger and I got steak tips.  The food wasn't bad, it just wasn't as good as I come to expect from the place.  I had no intention of complaining, or changing my opinion of the place since I've always had good meals there.  But, the manager came by to ask how the food was when we were finishing up our meals.  I didn't even know she was the manager, she just seemed like a nice person who worked there and was genuinely interested.  So I told her the truth.  "I've been here many times, I always enjoy it, and this meal wasn't bad, I just wasn't as good as usual when I come here." She asked if I had tried this particular meal before, and I told her I had not.  I even told her I don't mean to complain, because it really wasn't bad, and I certainly will be here again.  After a brief chat, (she was super pleasant) my fiancee and I finished up and waited a minute for our bill. Our server came over and said "Don't worry, this meal was compliments of Firebirds. My manager said you guys discussed your experience with her and were very friendly, and we appreciated your feedback and the fact you were really nice about it, and she wants to make sure you always get the best experience possible when you come here."I was floored.  I even told him the food was not bad, and neither was the service, and she didn't have to do that.  He insisted, so I left him with a really nice tip and my and my fiancee walked out of there as happy as can be.  I was really impressed with how they handled my honest feedback, and I always have a good experience at Firebirds.  This place is managed right, that's for sure.  Extremely impressed!
5	Amazing food. I love coming here!! Its one of those places I can only afford every once in a while, but when I do its awesome. Try the bacon wrapped, blue cheese filet with port soaked mushrooms...wow...melts in your mouth.
3	Mediocre food, mine was really really salty.  Kind of an interesting place though, looks like a Colorado lodge but what's that decor doing in Arizona??  Looks like a good place to go after work for happy hour and hangin with friends, so-so for a nice dinner.
5	This place is friggin awesome.  Service was un-paralleled.  Daniel our bartender was on top of his game.  I'll be back many times.
5	OMGosh...the sesame encrusted salmon with garlic mashed and deep fried spinach is seriously the best combination with salmon I have EVER had. SO good. AND...the spinach salad...the BLT salad...the Black diamond martini...the bread...the steaks....I could seriously go on...and on... and....LOVE Firebirds!!
4	I went here last night with the BF and his parents, and overall it was a good experience. I had made a reservation for 7, but we got there at 6:30, so we had to wait. Luckily, it was happy hour! We got two margaritas (some specialty margarita with agave nectar and deliciousness), a miller lite, and a blue moon. All of that for 17$....pretty good deal. They sat us a bit before 7, so that was nice (especially because the wait time was 60-70 minutes without reservations). Our waitress was very nice and helpful. I had the delmonico steak and it was delicious! Spicy and perfectly cooked.... It came with southwest au gratin potatoes that were just ok.... The BF and his dad got prime rib, which was good (but not nearly as good as mine). His dad really likes this place because they will give you real horseradish if you request it (not just the sauce). His mom also enjoys this place despite the fact that she is a vegetarian. They are very accommodating, and she got a salad and a potato and was happy with that. Oh, and I had a 10$ off coupon they sent me for my birthday through their e mail club...so definitely sign up for that. Despite the fact that this place is a chain, I would come back here...they have quality food.
5	The only negative thing I have to say is this place is really loud.  At 6:30 PM on Saturday night, the crowd noise was almost too loud to have a conversation across the table.  Bare wood beams and pillars with tile floors don't help dampen the noise.  Looks nice though.  Classic Rock music playing on the sound system only made the noise level higher - and I like Classic Rock.I enjoyed a perfectly cooked chili rubbed Delmonico steak.  Great flavor but not much spicy heat.  It came with a southwestern potato gratin.  Very well prepared gratin that was spicier than the steak.   Ordered a side dish of port mushrooms.  An easy dish to prepare, it contained fresh basil chiffonade that pushed it from good to great.  Throughout the dinner, there were little touches of cooking craftsmanship that are not often seen in most restaurants these days.My wife and I split a Caesar dinner salad which was served on two chilled salad plates.  Each had a generous portion of shaved aged Parmesan cheese on top.  Another nice touch.  Finally, we tried their chocolate brownie with salted caramel sauce.   Caramel sauce is actually easy to make but most restaurants buy the canned stuff.  This was scratch made sauce.   If you have ever tasted the real stuff,  commercial caramel sauce is pathetic.  This simple but great desert ended a wonderful meal.  We were seated near the open kitchen.  It was interesting to see the cooks that were plating wearing gloves like they are suppose to.  The expediter was checking each steak that went out as well as tidying up the presentation.   Attention to detail at every step really showed up in the food.  I am a classically trained cook and notice the details.  If you don't know how much work goes into preparing food properly, you will still enjoy the great results.Our waitress was polite and attentive.  She actually knew what a Delmonico steak was (my question was a test).This is not fine dining, but the food quality comes close.  I will be back.
4	Woah! I was a bit under dressed in my jeans and tank. The food was excellent. Steak so good, you'll wanna slap your Momma. No joke. A little pricey, but so good.
3	I went in at 4:30 with mom and dad, Father's day and all. The place was jam packed, of course. Server came with drinks quickly. Took our order shortly thereafter, then after asking whether we were ready for the good times to roll, The table was adorned with plates a many. I had the tenderloin medallions and veggies with sweet potato fries. There was some sort of Basalmic on the bottom of the plate, which I almost licked up after the idea was presented to me by the GM. Really attentive staff, and we were in and out before I even knew what happened.... I just don't know when I will return though.
5	This is our new favorite steak house. Better then Flamings and Maestros with prices that are awesome. I was concerned over the comment on noise level as I was taking my parents who are 81 and 87 years old. I called and made reservations telling them of my concern. The gave us a booth against the wall and my Dad did great. Don't waste your money anywhere else if you want steak.
5	Filet Mingnon is to die for with the bacon wrapped filet and smothered with Blue cheese and surrounded by marinated whole mushrooms. Next time I need to try the baby back ribs because I asked to try the BBQ sauce that they make in house and loved it.    Also if you want a great $10 burger this place is one of the best!! I had one the night before and it made me come back to try the Filet.
5	The interior looks awesome and sets a really good atmosphere for dining.  Ordered the steak and shrimp.  OMG.  It would be my last meal if I had to make a choice.  The service was fantastic and professional.  Only bad thing is its very high priced.  However, it's not over-priced for the service and quality of food you receive.  So if you want a cheap steak go to Dennys or something, but if you want a really good hunk of meat for the extra price here is the place to go.
4	The most sweet yet grown up strawberry lemonade EVER. The chicken breast and mash potato dinner was good, but the lemonade, I'm telling you, is amazing! The BF had steak and he cleared his plate rather quickly. The ambiance was good.
5	I enjoy eating at Firebirds and take advantage of wine down Monday's often. Half price wine by the glass or bottle on some very nice wines. The bar staff is always friendly and always on top of things. The manager of this location, Tammy is a great person who runs this restaurant extremely well. There are a lot of places to dine in the area but this place stands out and I would highly recommend it.
4	Had steak with pepper corns. Excellent!  Friend had meat loaf which was also excellent.   Service was very good.  First time here will go back
5	One word: Wings. Get them. Now. Now i've been to numerous wing joints but this for sure is the best chicken wings you will ever have. Every single bite is dynamic in flavor, taste and texture. I have never had smoked wings until now and I have to say, no competition. Hands down the best.I also ordered a burger (forget the name) but the meat also had a great smoked taste to it. The service was fast and the waiter was always on the ball. It's probably a good idea to call ahead of time and put your name down as it may get crowded at times. The price is a little on the expensive side but you get what you pay for. You can taste the quality. Overall Firebirds is worth it.
3	The place is overrated.  It is good food, but nothing special.  The glass I was drinking water out of had some dry white wax like food on the bottom side of it, disgusting, but at least it was on the outside of the glass.  The wait time is still about 30 minutes after the reservation time, however, the waiter did an awesome job.  The pricing is expensive for what you get, 20 to 30 dollars a plate.  The ambiance is decent, but nothing extraordinary.  My advice, go next door to Texas Roadhouse,  it's cheaper, huge portions, and you defiantly get your money's worth.
4	I haven't been there in quite a while but I usually get their BLT salad and double black diamond martini. Both are excellent. I honestly can't remember much else about the menu and it's been a couple years since I've been. Probably have to correct that oversight.
4	Solid but not super expensive steak house.  You can certainly get better steaks and decor but you will pay a lot more.  Started with the BLT salad which we split and really enjoyed that.  We both had the Filet, one wrapped in bacon the other with a blue cheese sauce.  Both were excellent with no unwanted fat or tough parts.  Loaded baked potato was good size but maybe a bit dry.  Decent if small wine selection had no trouble finding a reasonable priced wine to go with dinner.  Service was excellent had just a short wait at the bar, long enough to order and start drinking a cocktail.
5	I took my aunt there for Mother's Day. Our server was friendly and helpful. We ordered the coconut shrimp for an appetizer and it was great. We ordered filet mignon and ate their wonderful bread while we waited. My steak came out perfect but my aunt's was way over cooked. We mentioned it to our waitress and she offered to take it and bring a new steak. She was very pleasant. A few minutes later the manager came over and apologized and asked my aunt if she would like something while we waited like a cup of soup ot salad. When her steak came out, it was perfect. We enjoyed our meal and the courtesy of the staff. When our bill came, the manager had removed my aunt's steak from the bill. Every restaurant messes up but how they handle it makes a huge difference. I would recommend both the food and the service!!!
3	We always go here when in town with our friends because we LOVE the Double Diamond martinis, which is straight vodka which has been infused with fresh pineapple for two weeks. The prices here are bit high, I believe it was $23.00 for my tenderloin and veggie kabobs i ordered this last time, which were tasty, but had a pretty significant flaw. My friend and I both ordered the kabobs, she ordered hers Medium, I unfortunately had to order mine Medium Well because I'm expecting. When our food arrived the server said he had failed to track which plate was which. I was not highly impressed because I told him I was expecting and therefore needed mine to be MW when i ordered. The server said we should cut into our meat and we'd be able to figure it out which was which. It ended up that I had the Medium and my friend the Medium Well, however I not knowing what Medium Well looks like, because I usually get Medium Rare, had no idea. I didn't figure it out until the end of our meal when I looked over at my friends plate and realized she had uneaten cut into pieces of meat that were dark all the way through and and my pieces i had eaten were pink in the middle. She didn't enjoy her dinner, and I ate something that was not healthy for me. I suppose I should of asked the waiter for his opinion after I cut into my beef, but I really think he should have tracked, or marked our plates, since I had stressed the importance of not mixing up the two to begin with. I will go to Firebirds again with my friends on our next visit next year when I can actually drink the DD Martinis, but I also plan on saying something to the manager about their lack of tracking preparation.
5	By far my favorite restaurant ! Everything is wonderful, the food, drinks and service. When I graduated from ASU my husband threw me a party there and it was one of the best nights ever .  They took such good care of us and our guest with every detail .
5	I recently ate here with two friends, their toddler, my husband, and we had our three month old son with us. We called ahead and made a reservation. I love that they call or text when the table is ready. You could be waiting in your car or somewhere nearby and not have to worry about going out of range. The service was great and the food was delicious. I love that the lemonade is fresh squeezed and $1 goes to a good cause. Also, my husband was a fan of their mojito, which it is difficult for him to find a good one. But, the main reason I am writing this review is my diaper bag. I had a diaper bag with me and a small cooler for the two bottles I brought for my son. I fed him while we were there and put the mostly empty bottles back in the little cooler and sat it in my diaper bag. When we left I thought my diaper bag felt light, but didn't really think anything of it. When I got home, I saw that the cooler wasn't in my diaper bag. So, I thought, maybe it felll out in the car. The next day, it was not in the car. So, I called to see if someone had found it since I had to have accidentally left it at Firebirds. They said they had it. I went to get it and was so  happy to not have lost two good bottles and my bottle cooler. But, when I opened it to check to see if the bottles were there, I was shocked. Not only were the bottles there, someone had washed them. I could not believe it and just had to write a review. I never would have expected that and was very grateful. Of course I rewashed them at home, but was very grateful to not have rotten breastmilk sitting in them. I will definitely return and will recommend this place to others.
2	Service was good. Food was bland boring and overpriced. Went for a business lunch and expected much more from their food. Wait staff was friendly and prompt but for $50 for 3 salads and fountain drinks I was extremely disappointed
5	I use to work here so I may be biased but I love all there food!!!everything is made from scratch! I love the Blt salad with chicken it is awesome!cant go wrong with whatever you get there
1	Last night I met a friend for dinner.  She had a coupon for buy two appetizers get a free lobster/cheese appetizer.  I arrived first.  Stuck my hand in something sticky, and the appetizer plate was dirty.  She arrives and immediately announces the coupon and orders.  15 mins (or more) passes and the manager walks over to tell us we must order from the wood fire grill to use the coupon - would we like to change our order.  She ordered two entrees and I ordered a salad $15.95.  No thanks!  (Mind you why did it take so long to put the ap order in to begin with).  Another 10-15 mins goes by and he comes back over to try and sell again the "up order" tells us there is nothing he can do.  I said, look I'm really hungry are you telling me you have still NOT put in our original entree order?  He says well, no!  We had by now been here 45 mins.  No aps and no order in!  He tries to explain this promo is being audited and he cannot do anything about it.  OK great.  Why are we still chatting and not getting food?  I got up and promptly left to go to Famous Daves.  Food-1/2 price and the place was PACKED and we still waited no time for really great food.Mind you-I have been to Firebirds many times and have never been impressed with service but, this took the cake.  The food has always been good though.  What a shame!
4	Overall a great food and environment. The bad reviews I read scared me but I am glad we went. Friendly service. A little pricey but worth it. I will be going back.
2	We had the coupon special $14.00 Rib-eye the overall service was very good! very impressed by wait staff, but our steaks were not good at all, kinda tough, and not tasty at all, just taste like grilled cardboard, not flavor of beef, hummm! not sure why, I've been to other firebirds and never had this to happen. We paid over $50 for our meal celebrating our 32nd year anniversary, and I felt cheated. I took my steak home to see if I can revive it to taste better, too much money wasted on it.
5	Great food and service. Prices are more than fair. The place is a great place to eat.
2	Free Bread! Score. About the only score...Based on the two experiences i would say a third is not likely. First Visit: Order lobster appetizer... which was mediocre. Prime Rib was not too bad... but for 10$ more you can have amazing Prime rib else where. The meatloaf.. i would have to say was amazing... Service was as good as it could be sitting on the patio.Second Visit: Lunch. Not the best place for lunch. We had a French Dip... which after the bill came we learned was $16.00... if my High School served french dips.. it would have been better. Based on other Yelp reviews i tried the BLT salad with chicken breast... how can a BLT salad with Ranch be bad? It cant. Overall... Dinner might be ok if you want to spend some bucks... but nothing great over here.
4	Absolutely delicious food in a beautiful setting.  Only negative voiced by one of our diners was that the service "felt a bit intrusive" as they several times attempted  to clear our plates from the table before we were ready for that.  Restaurant wasn't trying to get us out faster, I think it was just that we had a server in training and he was trying to do a good job.   We loved this place and will return next time we're in the area.
4	We always have a good experience here. The steaks and atmosphere keep us coming back. The burger option for lunch is tasty too!
4	First time I had been here for years. It was incredibly busy on a Friday night. There was a long wait to get a table and the hostess apologized. Rain brought in extra customers and rain discouraged them from leaving. The bar was packed but we were able to get a seat eventually. My martini was good but with more than one bartender things got confused. Once at our table we had good service. He talked us into a Chilean Cabernet that was pretty good though I thought it a little overpriced. Three of us had prime rib with a loaded baked potato. The prime rib was tasty but loaded with fat... more than I am used to seeing. The potato was good but the toppings didn't lubricate it to the bottom so it was rather dry. The fourth had trout and liked it a lot. I wasn't hungry enough to want dessert. Good experience.  Good service on a crazy busy evening. Price was fair. This is always a good place to go.
5	Firebirds is the most delicious restaurant I have ever eaten at! The chicken, seafood, steak, salads, soups, bread is fabulous! They have an organic wine that is to die for! Brandon is the best server there! Margaritas are great too!
5	One word.  Amazing!!! Thats all you need to know.  The food here will blow your socks off.  The service was also great.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Best BLT salad! Steak is amazing. I love this place. I like that the quality of food is not overpriced like some other steakhouses.
5	We are regulars here, and every time we go, it's great!  My husband got a gift card for Xmas, so we decided to head over for a late lunch/early dinner today.  Whenever we go, we say we're gonna try something new...we never do.  There are a few standards we always go for, and it's hard to deviate from them.  Today, we both decided on prime rib.  I got the 12 oz, he got the 16 oz.  Since we were there just before 4pm, the prime ribs were just coming out for dinner.  We both ordered end cuts (our favorite part).  We split the salad that you get for a little less with an entree (which they do for you in the kitchen), had some bread and by the time we were done, our prime ribs were on their way.  He got his with the parmesan mashed potatoes and I got the port mushrooms.  The horseradish cream is always so perfect with it.  When I discovered the port mushrooms here, I can't seem to order any other side dish.  They are sinfully delicious!  I usually am so full, that I take them home with me.  I stick them in the fridge and eat them cold as a late night snack...yummy!  My mouth is watering just thinking about them in my fridge right now.My husband really likes their key lime pie, so he'll get a slice for dessert.  I'm not a big key lime fan, but the dollop of whipped cream on it is so light and airy, that I'll usually take some of that.As a plus, the restaurant reminds me of a hunting lodge, with wood beams on the ceilings, a huge fireplace that has been turned into a big wine rack and a large open dining room with a sunken main floor.  The decor is comfortable and inviting.  You can't help but notice the smell of the open kitchen at the back, which lures you inside.  When you walk in, there's a bar and a dining area by the bar.  At the end of the bar, there's a working fireplace, which they had going today.  It adds a hominess to the entire area.We've never had a bad server, and they will go the extra mile to make sure you get what you want.  Today was no exception.  I've never had a problem with substitutions or meat temperatures.This will remain our go-to for a nice steak restaurant, for either a date night or just because we feel like it.
5	I have no idea why people would leave bad scores.   Always awesome when I go.    My wife always subs her french fries with port wine mushrooms and they don't even charge extra.    Nice relaxing place and staff is always great.    Been there at least 20 times.
5	This is the best place for a sit down enjoy dinner restaurant...my steak was very flavorful and cooked to perfection my wife's prime rib was perfect as well...they can expect us as regulars here...Eric the manager made sure we had a great experience and he performed above and beyond...well done everyone
4	Really like the atmosphere and food here.  High quality food and drinks at reasonable prices.  Love sitting in the bar area and enjoying the setting.  The bartenders are very friendly and management seems to be highly interested in ensuring our visit was perfect all around.  And best loaded baked potato around!  Definitely a fan!
4	I'm giving it 4 stars due to the food experienced my wife had... She ate the chicken pasta and it was not that good. I had the 14oz rib eye it was good. However I don't like the fact that it's an a la carte type of place. They only offer a baked potato with the steak and it wasn't even loaded. Needed more sour cream. Each additional side is 5 bucks for a small amount of food. Aside from that my dish was great. I also ordered a caesar salad and it was BOMB!! The steak was very juicy!!
4	Having eaten at Ruth's Chris, Arrowhead Grill and Fleming's, I was pleased with Firebirds' great food, appropriate prices and excellent service!  I loved the seared ahi tuna appetizer and prime rib, and the loaded baked potato was delish.  The staff is polite, engaged and prompt.  I highly recommend this place!
1	Overall, not really impressed. Yet another example of how service can ruin a dining experience.Came here on Valentine's day with my boyfriend (we're a younger couple, but old enough to purchase alcohol). Immediately upon being seated, the server was terribly rude and standoffish presumably because he assumed we were younger than we looked and because we didn't immediately purchase alcohol. He made extremely snide remarks when he took our order, and was very short with us. What was even more frustrating was that we could see the difference in his demeanor towards us and towards the group that was sitting  at the table in front of us (that had a much larger tab). He didn't bother to check up on us during the entire meal service, and three different servers brought us drink refills. The food was decent. Compared to similar style restaurants, it really didn't blow any place out of the water. It was just very average. I got a burger cooked rare, and it came out just as I requested. Like I said, though: average. We left considerably upset. A few days later, I was still bothered by the incident. We decided to call the manager to inform him of the way his employee had treated us. As someone who has worked in the food industry before, I understand the importance of customer service and I figured the manager should know about the quality service his employees are exhibiting. The manager was very apologetic and professional about the situation, but to be honest, I'm not completely sure I would return. This could have been a three-star review for average food and professional management, but when your night gets tainted by terrible service, there isn't much room for negotiation (in my opinion).
5	We just ate there tonight for the first time and absolutely loved it.  The service was great (we DID eat dinner at 4:30, though, so it wasn't extremely busy), the food was great and we loved the atmosphere.  I had the California Chicken salad and it was VERY good.  My husband had one of the burgers and TATER TOTS.  OMG, the tater tots were awesome.  We would definitely recommend.
5	Just came home from a fantastic dinner. The BLT salad is a must. Our server was Maggie who was attentive but not hovering. A great conversationist.  Mgr Pedro was her equal in all aspects. I hope he goes far with the corporation.
5	Love this place and come for dinner once a week. Food is high quality and wine list has been great except for a few minor changes. Seems like due to a management change the wine list is not what it was a year ago. One bottle missing is a  Stags' Leap Petite Sirah Napa Valley that we loved. Not happy with the replacement Petite Sirah also from Napa Valley. Asked several times if they could bring it back when the manager would visit my table to see how everything was. The previous management who left always remembered regular customers. Not so much anymore.
5	Love the menu! Last visit had the Colorado Chicken Salad...amazingly superb. Add a dirty martini and you are good to go...to the movies across the street, just a few steps away! Yum and Fun!
5	Went here for dinner last night and everything was perfect! Got there in time for happy hour and had great service at the bar prior to being seated. Once we were seated the waiter kept our drinks filled the entire night. The NY strip was cooked perfect and tasted the same. My wife had the Filet and shrimp, which I heard was fantastic. I can't say for sure because she wouldn't even give me a bite since it was so good. The meat for both steaks could have melted in our mouths. Did I mention that our steaks were under $30? Good luck finding a better deal on a better cut of beef somewhere else.The manager did his job and made his way around to each table. I was very impressed with this, because not all of the restaurants still take the time to check on the customers.Well done Firbirds!!!!
5	I had the cilantro grilled chicken; some of the best chicken I've tasted. The mashed potatoes were also excellent. My husband and son both had the barbeque chicken sandwich and loved it. Would definitely recommend!
4	Great service... even for a  Saturday night. We'd never been for dinner. We had steak (ribeye) and salmon for entrees. Both were cooked just right. Good flavor. Reasonable prices. We'll definitely come again.
5	Had the mixed greens salad, signature coffee and portabello sandwich. Everything was fantastic. Salad was fresh. My company was happy with her salad, chicken dinner and mixed drink. Food was very promt. Minimal lag time the entire meal. Great experience. Only wish I loved closer so I could become a regular!
5	I love a restaurant when you have a 6:30 reservation they seat you immediately (we were 10 mins. EARLY)...not have you wait a half hour like those restaurants in Snottsdale! Our party of four enjoyed great cocktails , terrific appetizers and some seriously delicious entrees.  The BLT salad is fabulous! They served a great prime rib, meatloaf entree and filet along with fresh bread & butter.  Our waiter was attentive and checked back often to make sure we were happy.  All n all a great place!
4	Had a very nice meal here. Started with their pineapple martini which was amazing. Followed by their coconut shrimp starter, tenderloin salad, and the chile-rubbed Delmonico steak (which is one of the better steaks I've had in a very long time). If I lived nearby, I'd probably come here regularly.
5	Great location if you're coming from a spring training game at Peoria! We each ordered a burger and both were delicious. I liked the seasoned fries, but I want to try the other options next time to see what I was missing. The best part of the meal though, was the fresh out of the oven bread they gave us as an appetizer. I could've eaten the whole loaf myself! :)Our server was very attentive and refilled our waters repeatedly and without complaint. We enjoyed ourselves and I can't wait to go in for a steak!
5	We are always impressed by the quality of the food and the wonderful service. We have never been disappointed. I highly recommend the BLT salad  which I always chose to eat with a filet. This restaurant rocks! Always!
4	The French dip was excellent and just right when you're not in the mood for a heavy steak meal. The fries were just the way I like them and the Cole slaw was very good. Service was great and the environment very inviting. We will be returning.
5	I love this place. My husband and I were able to share a meal because the portions are so big. The food is amazingly delicious.
4	Stopped here during the week for lunch. I had signed up for their email club and received a $10 coupon towards lunch or dinner. We were seated right away. The inside is very open with high beamed ceilings. A large stone wall with a fireplace. It has a bit of a lodge feel.I had checked the website ahead of time to see what was on the menu. Quite a bit to chose from for lunch. I originally was going to get the grilled tenderloin salad until I saw it was $15.95. That's a little more than I care to pay for a lunch salad. We decided on a cheeseburger with fries and the cilantro-grilled chicken breast with sauteed spinach. Both were good. The sauce on the chicken had a great flavor. The portion size of chicken was small. Spinach was tasty but too salty. The service was excellent. Our waiter was very nice. Quick with refills. I can only give three stars for the food. It was good but nothing exceptional. Four stars for service and atmosphere. Overall, four stars.
4	Do and don'ts of Firebirds:Do go to the bar and enjoy tasty adult beverges.Do order the Desert Pear Margarita.Do make a resevation.Do not use the call ahead wait line system, it does not kick in until you actually check in, it is not a substitute for a reservation.So, thank you and kudos to Christine Majonica who turned a frustrating situation and turned it into an unexpected treat.The food was tasty, the service was top notch and well worth going to, as long as you have a reservation.
5	The lobster spinach queso is a must!I've been here 3 times and never been disappointed.  I've also tried something new every time..
5	Went here for dinner tonight with a an older regular from my work. No strange looks or snickering from what I could see. We shared the ribs and chili crusted delmoncio. Fantastic!  Everything was great, from the drinks, bread, and to the steak. My full rack of ribs fell off of the bone. The scalloped potatoes had the nicest kick to them. Jen had me sample the double black diamond martini. Sold! Not very often do you have someone offer a shareable sample of a martini. It was delicious.  I love the fact that all the cocktail juices are made fresh right in front of you. They have all the fresh fruit/spices to make anything you can imagine. Our bartender made my friend his strange crown royal milkshake without a blink. I liked the fact that she shared the last bit that wouldnt fit into his glass, with the girls next to us. He loves doing random acts of kindness and I know that he liked that. I checked out the happy hour menu. $5 for all their premium martinis and handcrafted cocktails?! Unheard of. You really cant beat that. I will be back soon. This is my new favortie steak/bbq/fancy cocktail place. Thank you for taking care of us Jen!
2	Ok. Nothing great and nothing bad. The bread was good. The service was ok. Probably not a place we will drive from Surprise for again. The food at Longhorn is better ... And closer.
5	First time here and the service was great. Everyone was nice and our waiter was superb. He explained what things were on the menu and was around when we needed him. I ordered the firebird house Margarita it was good and pretty strong $10. I ordered the steak delmonico and it came with southwest au gratin potatoes. The ends on the steak were nice and crisp. I ordered my steak medium well and it came exactly how I ordered. The seasoning just made my mouth water. My bf got a chicken with a dressing on it with fried onion ring and mashed potatoes. I had some of his chicken and it was thin but so tender! We will be back!!!! Thanks firebird and our waiter for being great!
4	First time for us.  Friends told us about it so we thought we would try it our for lunch.  This is a dinner place.  The food is heavy.  Nothing was really made for lunch.  Large portions.  We were trying to do lunch and a movie and it was just so much food and a big lunch - but it was good.
5	Wish we could pack this place up and take it back to Ohio with us!  Menus have a very good variety of offerings.  The service was excellent and the food was fantastic all around.  Prime rib was prepared to perfection.  Steak kabobs were equally well prepared.  The kids meals got 2 thumbs up from both boys - 1 had the mac & cheese and the other had the wings w/ bbq sauce, and they both had a double helping of the fresh fruit (and it was actually FRESH fruit, NOT a prepackaged fruit cup).  All in all, I'd highly recommend!  Hope they bring this chain east to Cincinnati, OH.
4	Three couples for dinner on Father's Day.  First impression - a beauticully done atmosphere.  The bar/lounge area just invites you to sit down.  So we did - 8 oz pinot grigio and 8 oz  chardonnay (house) = $23.  Huh?  So I started out with a bit of a chip on the shoulder - house wines should never be that high, and these were unknown brands.  And I kind think offering a choice of 5 oz or 8 oz is unneeded. Go with an 8 oz, get the price into the $7-$9 range for the house.Ok...now we went to the dining room.  Very nice.   This place is so like a hunting lodge in the north woods.  Great waitress and good service.  And the food was excellent and the prices were on the high side, but not upsetting at all.  By the way...go for either one of the salmons...or for a huge salad..  I'll vouch for all of them.  Wish the filet was a little more juicy - it was med rare and plenty of red, but not much juice.  If you order the spinach side, be sure to ask they go lighter on the garlic!So now, the score.  I'll go with 4.  Still upset about the wine, but not enough to ding them.
5	REALLY liked this place, the food was great, their coconut shrimp was amazing! Oh my goodness they have a phenomenal pineapple martini, this thing is not artificially flavored like all the other martinis, the alcohol sits in actual pineapple slices for 21 days! It's a must try to anyone dining here! I tried my husbands steak, that too was very flavorful! :)
4	I've always liked Firebirds.  I love the atmosphere.  My bestfriend was visiting from Houston and we met her there.  The food and service was very good.  I didn't care for the lobster tail.  It had a strong fishy taste.  I always eat lobster tail from various places and it has never tasted like this.  Even when I have it fresh in California it doesn't have a fishy taste.  This is the first time I've ever gotten the lobster tail.  Other than that, I think it's a great place.  I will definitely go back, just won't order the lobster tail.
4	love the food
3	Came here for my sisters birthday dinner. It was a good time. My sister got the coconut shrimp dinner with a side lobster tail. She said it was all great.My other sister got some kind of a chicken dinner with mashed potatoes. Her potatoes had cold spots throughout them but she said the chicken was good.I got the prime rib and it had the potential to be good but it was cooked to well. I told our waiter that I liked it really pink and he said to order it medium then. It came with no pink but it was tender along the outside. The middle was dry and chewy. The horseradish cream was really really good. I will give this place another try but I would send my dinner back next time if they did not cook the meat how I asked. I'm sure if I had said something they would have taken care of it. When your out to dinner for a celebration you just don't want anything to spoil it though.
5	I've been meaning to take my beau to Firebirds for months and I finally got a chance to treat him yesterday. Firebirds was everything I expected. I made reservations for 6pm for the two of us and there was absolutely no wait, especially since we got there early. Our waitress was really sweet. She had only been there a few days but was very prompt and sweet. We ordered the Sex and the Queen City martini and the Watermelon Margarita. Both were delicious and not very sweet. We ordered the chicken quesadilla, the prime rib, and the ribeye. The quesadillas came out very quickly. It was very fresh and had a southwestern kick to it which I loved. The prime rib and ribeye came out a few minutes after. We barely got a chance to finish our quesadillas. The prime rib was pretty massive. I didn't get a chance to finish it especially after stuffing my face with bread and quesadillas. It was cooked perfectly though and seasoned very well. I suggest getting the au gratin potatoes as well. They were delicious! The beau's ribeye was cooked perfectly. He enjoyed it very much. There was so much food he didn't even get a chance to tackle his loaded baked potato which looked phenomenal. There is absolutely nothing I can complain about about my experience at Firebirds. It was a lovely time and I look forward to going back!
5	Always good food. You get a lot of food for the money and great building next to movie theaters and desserts
5	This was the first visit for my family and I.  What prompted the visit was a gift card that I had recently received.  My wife and two small kids visited mid-afternoon for lunch.  The service was excellent and very prompt.  I ordered the 12 oz. Aspen sirloin with a loaded russet baked potato.  My wife ordered the 7 oz. sirloin with the sweet potato waffle fries.  They had an excellent kids menu, my daughter ordered the small sirloin and my son the chicken fingers.  They had a great selection of sides for the kids.  My wife and I thought our meals tasted incredible.  The flavor of the steak was excellent!  My wife and I both thought our meals were phenomenal!  Our server, Joey, was very attentive the whole time and took good care of us.We will be coming to this restaurant again!
5	I have been eating at Firebirds in Arrowhead for 10 years now and they have just added in the last couple months the BEST beef and barley soup I've ever tasted along with their award-winning BREAD it is unbeatable. Try their Pecan crusted trout also five stars.
5	Great Meal and Friendly Staff. Try the wings! They are delicious! Everything on the menu looks great. Decent prices for a steakhouse.
4	Delicious, delicious salad and wonderful fresh lemonade.  Definitely come here again when I'm on the west side.
5	Went for my husbands birthday dinner.  They did not disappoint!  The delmanico ribeye was fabulous!  My husband had the aged ribeye that he loved, and my mom the spicy chicken pasta.  They were so attentative to us, we'd wanted to order dessert, however my son has a nut allergy.  When asked the manager came over promptly and explained what was safe and nut free. Once placing our dessert order, the manager came back to the table, just to ensure that my son enjoyed dessert and that all was ok with him.  We will be back for sure!
5	First time guest with friends & out of town guests. Had the sirloin which was wonderful &  other guests were raving about the salmon.  Comfortable atmosphere,  our server was a gem (I'm thking Shelby?) very friendly & made some personal recommendations which one in the party took her suggestion. Good wine selection,  great service,  & delicious food. Totally recommend!  Thank you Firebirds!
5	My husband and I recently celebrated our anniversary here with a delicious dinner. Our server was perfectly attentive. He was on top of things but not obtrusive in the slightest. I wish I could remember his name to give him kudos on here but its slipping my mind at the moment. The food was delicious and I thought the prices for the quality of food were very reasonable. The prime rib was awesome, which is hard to come by, and my husbands steak delmonico was wonderful as well. If you don't order the lobster queso dip then you are missing out. SO GOOD!  Not to mention all of the servers signed a card for us saying happy anniversary. How precious!
5	Yes another delicious meal. My husband's delmonaco steak sandwich was cooked to perfection. My BLT salad as wonderful as ever. The wait staff never fail to be excellent attentive and friendly. Oh that bread ....yummy (looks like a cute baby bottom)  yes please more of this delicious place. Please send gift cards to me!
1	Had a horrible experience last night. I get one night a week to go out with my wife. We checked in with the hostess and asked for first available. Afternoon  a 30 minute wait and 4 other couples that came in and told an hour wait, they all got seated ahead of us. When my wife questioned the hostess she was told again 30 minutes. Unfortunately everywhere in the restraunt in the area was packed so decided to wait and two more couples came in and were seated ahead of us, without reservations. An opening came at the bar so my wife and I went there to get something to drink and we finally ordered. The barkeep got the manager which offers us a " opportunity to have a better experience", and left me his card and what looked to be some discount card. After we got an average food order I paid and we left leaving his cards on the bar. This place has horrible customer service and ruined my one night out with my wife. I will never forgive them or go back.
5	Came here tonight for the first time with my better half. We walked in the bar was full except two seats at the end. Sat down was greeted by Kirstie and was offered a happy hour menu and food menu. Placed our drink order and took our time with the food menu. Finally figured out what we wanted to eat ordered and was greeted by Sam now. The food drinks and service was excellent. I will definitely be returning just to sit at the bar with the two of them. Amazing. Can't say enough how pleasant  they made it.
5	I really like the ambiance of firebirds.  All the food that we have tried has been very good and service has been great-Entree salads with chicken and shrimp, filets and appetizers. Even the complimentary bread is yummy. We try to go for dinner a little early since it gets pretty crowded on the weekends.
4	Had dinner here with my husband the other night and was very happy. The fireplace in the bar is beautiful,  really made for an amazing ambiance.  The service was excellent, she was very attentive to us. The food was delicious, very flavorful. We will be back and I highly recommend trying out this place, you wont be disappointed.  The only thing I would change is they need a few more options on the menu, Ilike to have more to choose from. Prices are also very reasonable, great experience overall!
5	Love the tortilla soup here it is my favorite. The staff is usually great. It is a little pricey for my budget but if I want to go somewhere a little more special I choose here.
5	The atmosphere is great, the ribeye was so juicy and tasty, and was cooked to the perfect medium rare. Our waitress was awesome. Definitely coming back for a date night soon (:
4	First time eating here after driving by it many times since it opened and have to say I was impressed.We had the Coconut Shrimp appetizer, filet kabobs with grilled veggies and Au Gratin potatoes and prime rib with loaded baked potato. Service was also good so we will be coming back!
