4	Pho Viet NamFinally another Vietnamese place.. Opened today..11/1/2013...Our favorite place moved, (phu thahn) so we have been waiting for something great without traveling far.... We got lucky, cause this place is it...appetizer. Fried egg rolls.. Hard to admit, but these are the best i have had at any restaurant.. Spring rolls up next, and they were also very good, they didnt have that overpowering of mint so that was actually very good.. Both dipping sauces were a very good compliment as well..entree. Wife had beef pho, and this actually beat our phoenix fave (da vang)... Awesome.. I had bbq pork, and was very good as well.. Only downside was that i am not a fan of broken rice, but that is minimal...,,,now it will be whether they stay consistent.. But this will be a definite weekly stop until otherwise..also since they just opened the menu isn't full yet.... I have some suggestions,see if they add them...
5	My wife and I both are from Vietnam. I lived there only two years and I'm an American. When I  was living there ALWAYS eat Vietnamese food and never western food.  I've been disappointed with most Americans making Vietnamese food that is not very flavorful. This place really impressed both my wife and I! She had broken rice and I had Banh Cuon (rice noodles and ground pork). See my pics. We will be back. Best ive had in phx..no bs. we are major foodies and really have high expectations. this place did not disappoint me.
4	Clean, great prices and FRESH. Staff friendly and had good ambiance. I love fresh spring rolls and #27
5	Went here for the first time yesterday, and I must say, this is the best Vietnamese restaurant in Chandler. The Tofu veggie Pho' was divine. Broth was wonderful, not too much sodium or 5 spice. Portions are generous and priced to sell! This will definitely become a weekly stop for anyone who tries it!!
5	I found this new Vietnamese restaurant on Yelp.My family ordered 3 dishes:- Beef Noodle Soup with Beef Meatballs-Special House Broken Rice (Shredded pork, Steamed Pork Cake, BBQ Pork, Grilled Pork Patties)-Rice Vermicelli with Grilled Pork and Egg Rolls.All dishes tasted awesome.  I think this is one of the best Vietnamese restaurant in Chandler, AZ.
5	Rule with any Vietnamese place is you eat what's on the sign. If it's a pho place, you eat pho. If it's a com Tam bi place you eat com Tam bi. I broke the rule and had com Tam bi here - it was excellent! You can tell they can cook - pork was soft and had just the right amount of char on the fatty parts. The steamed egg was moist and delicious - I've had some gawd awful egg before. You can tell they care - vegetables were fresh and crisp. Presentation was very nice. The service was great. Waiter made a mistake but admitted it - this is all it takes to turn a negative into a positive. He was also very tentative. The pho that my friends had look pretty good too. It's a new restaurant so I hope they keep up the level of food and service. Overall, the Vietnamese food I had in Arizona did not compare well to orange County but this place was the exception. I will definitely visit here my next visit to Arizona.
5	Place is very clean and friendly service. I love the chicken Pho and the spring rolls are to die for. I highly recommend giving this place a try. Everything was fresh and made to order.
4	FINALLY I found a new Pho place!  After years of searching hi and low for a new Pho place I have found it.  I used to be a regular at Saigon Pho but after several bad bad experiences in a row I began my search.  Chandler Pho, Pho Nat, Pho Van, unPhogettable, and several others just did not have the flavor I was used to.  Pho Viet Nam has very good broth in their Pho Ga and the chicken was all very good white meat.  The broth had just the right amount of flavors and spices and the noodles we cooked perfectly.  The team was nice and mellow and the spring rolls were excellent.  I had them with Shrimp and Pork.  Unlike many of the aforementioned restaurants, Pho Viet Nam was nice and clean and the table had all of the needed accoutrement.  Service was very good with food arriving very quickly.  Looking to go back soon!
4	Have been here about once a week give or take, and the food has been very consistent. The pho soup base improved a bit, but it was already better than everywhere else. I have been here when it was slow and very busy and even then, the service has been very good. Glad to have this place in Chandler..Pho Viet Nam, staff n Crew... Keep up the great work..
4	After a shopping expedition at Walmart,  I had an intense craving for pho.  Should have just gone home,  but I had to satisfy my urges.  I'm glad I did because pho vietnam was a great find. I yelp searched for the closest pho.  It was between saigon pho and pho viet nam. I have been to Saigon Pho so I thought I'd try something new. It was a 6pm on a Tuesday evening and I was the only one in the entire place for my entire meal.  Hopefully they picked up after I left.  My beef pho #16 was delicious! Broth had good flavor,  plenty of meat and noodles,  and the price was right.  My favorite pho place in the valley is unphogettable in Mekong Plaza, but their prices for everything is $2 higher than here at pho viet nam. So being cheaper is always a plus!!I will definitely be back!
4	Clean and friendly staff. Had the Dac Biet soup and spring rolls. Overall, tasty, would recommend to an out of towner as a safe bet. Hits the pho craving you just have to add your own spices/sriracha.
1	Restaurant with bad tasting water to me is always a bad sign. It tastes so bad almost made me gag. It had very strong bleach smell. My hubby ordered a lemonade and even that had very weird taste. BBQ pork dish I ordered was cold and it came with steamed pork cake & shredded pork which  were cold as well. My hubby ordered pho tai and the soup had weird after taste. I'm pretty sure they use the same bad water with their cooking. Not to mention their slow service and flies in the restaurant. We were very disappointed and will never return again.
5	Excellent best tasting pho place in east valley.  Great service, clean restaurant, good portions, good prices.  I can see their volume ramping up quickly so hopefully they staff up to keep up.
5	Ate there today for the first time.  We had spring rolls.  Beef Pho, and a BBQ Pork plate.  Everything was delicious and fresh.  Our waiter was friendly and offered suggestions based on what we liked to eat. The restaurant was clean and well lit.  The menu had some great looking items on it.  I wanted to try more.   The Pho was HUGE, hot and tasty! My suggestion to the owner.  Get rid of the yellow "country kitchen", flowers decor.  Make it look like a Vietnamese restaurant.  Lose the Xmas decorations.  5 Gallons of paint, some inexpensive art work, some friends and a case of beer will get the place remodeled and looking proper.  I've seen way too many episodes of Kitchen Nightmares, and Restaurant Impossible to know that mismatched decor can kill a place. Other than that, we'll be coming back!  Welcome to the neighborhood!
4	This is the best Vietnamese food I've had in the Phoenix area. They have a limited menu but most of the dishes are done well. I sampled banh xeo, pho, bun bo hue, banh cuon, and bun thit nuong. I would order any of those again here. The service is a bit slow for Vietnamese food, but the prices are fair.  To be more authentic, I would suggest they add banana blossom to their BBH and offer ngo gai (culantro) to their pho herbs. I would come much more often if I lived close by. The food is much better than any of the Viet places in Central Phoenix.
5	Great service and very clean looking,  the staff is very courteous and helpful,  it has a feeling of family.  Very low prices and really big portions. So far I've had four different dishes and no disappointments. Highly recommend.
5	I have been coming here now since this restaurant opened, and I've never once been disappointed! The beef pho broth is delicious, delicate and consistant. It's clear and slightly sweet without too much spice. The owner saw me glancing in the kitchen as they were straining the broth and told me it's a 24 hour process they do each day to ensure maximum body and depth. They do not disappoint! They take special requests and make you feel very at home. EAT AT THIS PLACE OFTEN! This is the kind of business we need to support! Very reasonable prices for fresh, delicious food and kind atmosphere!
5	I go there for the Mi Quang, but it sells out fast.  So, call ahead of time if you want it.  It is so amazing and authentic.  We like the spring rolls here, too.
5	The pho was great #13 is my favorite  Tom the general manager was very nice.     Very clean place great prices. This is the closest place to Ho chi Minh that I can find  oh the cafe sua da. (Expresso and condensed milk).  Rocks.
5	Inspired, authentic, amazing. Spotless restaurant and friendly attentive service are the icing on the cake at this authentic pho house. The ox tail broth is rich and layered in flavor, waiting for the always fresh jalapenos and sprouts. Don't forget to try the spring rolls as well.
5	Phomazing!  Seriously.  I have had lots of pho but never with filet mignon.  It was delicious.  This place has made the top of my list. The price point was perfect. And fountain drinks in a Vietnamese restaurant was a first but welcome change for me. I also had the fresh spring rolls which were good but the pho stood out.  Give this place a chance, I was happy I did.
5	Food was delicious. Service was great.
4	I always love checking out new pho places, and this one did not disappoint.  Service was great and the pho was tasty. I didn't see an option on the menu to get extra broth and I didn't ask, but as we were leaving I noticed they had different sized bowls displayed on the counter, assuming it was the different sizes you could order. Wish I had known so I could order a larger size, but at least now I know for next time.  I will be back.
4	I work nearby and get a take-away. The pho is great and everything is nicely packaged and waiting for me when I get there. Spring rolls were OK. Egg rolls disappointed - dunno what's wrong, they just weren't tasty. I would echo one of the previous reviewers, I'd like to have cilantro in the herb mixture. I'll definitely frequent this place, it's very convenient for me and the prices are very humane. :)
5	Best Viet food in the Valley. They've expanded the menu a little bit since opening. Love the banh cuon and anything with thit nuong (bbq pork). I've never had it too dry like at other places, and it's properly charbroiled with great flavor. I don't mind driving from Central Phoneix to get here for good food.
4	Delicious! I grab takeout at least once a week. We love the pho and the BBQ pork but I love the spring rolls more. The egg rolls are also perfectly crisp. They have expanded their menu and added stir fry. We had one last week and it was fantastic. Prices are comparable to other pho locations. Give it a try, you won't regret it.  Unfortunately, they are closed on Mondays.
4	Do I love this place? ummm..sure..kinda... Do I like it. definitely.  As you can see I'm a little indecisive at the moment about if I love this place.  What I love is their filet mignon pho for sure!  Please no tendons or any of that chewy stuff I cannot handle texture for the life of me!! Reminds me of octopus.  Cannot Handle That!  *cringing as I type*  I tried the noodle Banh Cuon and was extremely mad at myself for not being safe and ordering the amazing pho in which I don't even know if they carry the filet mignon anymore.  I will be bummed if they stopped carrying it.  The Banh Cuon taste wise was fine just nothing much going on really.  The reason I am giving them 4 stars is because I felt like the service was a bit lacking even when it was dead slow at night for us when we were the only ones in there at the next 30 minutes and the Banh Cuon felt like I was gonna chip a tooth and be cautious because of the stuff they put in the middle or inside who knows?!  The fact I had to be that cautious with my food over nerves is annoying.  I always want to try new stuff is that so much to ask for and not be nervous to eat! What the heck!As long as they still have the filet I will be a continuous loyal customer.
5	This is by far the best Pho that I've had in AZ. I am from WA state where they have many Vietnamese restaurants and I haven't been that impressed with any here in AZ, but Pho Viet Nam was awesome! Their broth is SO good. BIG bowls, not the large bowls you order and end up getting a small bowl. My wife got the Vermicelli Noodle Bowl with BBQ Pork and Egg Roll, and that was one of the best I've tasted! Quality ingredients; no skimping here.Super clean restaurant, great service, friendly, great environment/ambiance. Tommy stayed and chatted with us and made some recommendations. We will be back again, and again, and again..We found our Vietnamese spot!! :)
4	It is very hard to find good Vietnamese food in Chandler. I have tried them all and they all pretty much suck!! However I tried this one and it was exceptional. The pho is better then any where else in the area however still nothing special. But the bun bo hue is awesome. Probobaly the best I have ever had in a restaurant. The banh cuon is very good also. The bun tung nuong is also very good. So I have given up on trying to find good pho in the valley and will stick with bun bo hue at pho viet nam
4	On a whim, we decided to have dinner at Pho Viet Nam, we were in the area & had never been there.  I am always looking for non chain locally owned restaurants that offer a nice change in atmosphere, culture & diversity.  As we entered, it was obvious to see that the place is clean and offered an inviting feeling.  As we sat down, we were greeted by the staff, very friendly.  He offered some suggestions as we advised this was our first visit.  We chose the Spring Rolls for the appetizer.  I will strongly recommend them, very light & tasty.  We ordered #'s 25 & 26.  Both were delicious.  The food was fresh, and flavorful.  It was also light yet filling, not greasy or oily.  The portion size was perfect, not too little & no need to take home half.  The pricing is right on!This is a great addition to Chandler, giving us another choice for a nice evening out for dinner.Pho Viet Nam, being a new restaurant I have to say GREAT JOB!  Wishing you all great success & longevity!
5	Yummmm. I'm surprised to find such good Vietnamese food in Chandler but what can I say? This place is great.Lots of parking in the strip mall. Lots of seating in a big restaurant. Decor is simple and what you'd expect from an authentic place that focuses on flavor. I loved the 70s Beegees soundtrack playing in the back.Vermicelli bowl with beef was so delish. The beef was tender and well seasoned. Loved the fresh mint mixed amongst the fresh greens. Portion was big and I was very  full after just half the bowl. I sampled dishes my friends ordered and each was wonderful and flavorful.Prices are reasonable, and service is good. I will be back! If you like Vietnamese food, this is where you need to eat.
4	We passed by this place several times and decided to try it after all the yelp reviews. This place did not disappoint!  I had the rice noodle with grilled pork and egg roll. Very tasty grilled pork and egg rolls. Hubby enjoyed his broken rice with pork as well. I will come back and try Pho next...
4	Great Pho.  The Buon Cha Gio Thit Nuong was okay, not as good as we've had at other restaurants.  The Cha Gio by itself though was fair, needed more pepper though.  I think it was the Nuoc Mam that just didn't have enough flavor to it.  The Goi Cuon was also excellent, I would recommend the rolls with the shrimp and pork.
5	We live this place. The first time we tried the place no complaints. Open 7 days a week and close to our home. We love to get the Pho Thai with extra meat on the side. The spring rolls are nice and fresh along with the sauce. Good price for food and we are weekly customers ^_^
4	Love this Pho place. Close to my work, excellent pho, friendly people, and great environment.
5	Delicious food for a great price! Broth is clean and clear! Egg rolls are fresh and delicious! Extremely friendly service. Definitely our new favorite Vietnamese restaurant...A must try!!!
4	Fast friendly service. The BBQ spring rolls were fantastic! We both had Pho- the meat was flavorful and tender , even in my chicken pho. We will return!
5	Great family style Vietnamese restaurant. Tip is to to order dishes off the menu with pictures. You will love the food there ! Nice quick service as we'll.
4	Very good customer service for a Vietnamese restaurant.  My husband had the pho, I had the #83 (rice noodles with bbq pork and egg roll).  The pork was very tasty.  The sauce that came with my noodles was a bit bland.  The pho was okay.  Portion was good, just enough to fill us.  We will be back to try other dishes
5	I had been looking for a great Vietnamese restaurant for a while. This is by far my most favorite Asian restaurant. Everything on the menu is absolutely great. To many great dishes to list on here. If you are a regular the manager/owner will ask you if you want to try dishes not on the menu. Love it! Even my 5 year old loves eating here. Great friendly service with a smile, and food that keeps you coming back for more. Outstanding!
3	First time here so I didn't want to base my whole review on my only experience but that's all I can do for now.  First off, place is welcoming inside and clean. Always a plus.  I ordered the egg rolls (#1) which were great. No complaints there on the roll or the sweet n sour. When I come to pho joints I don't get anything else other than a large pho. I ordered outside the box today and got the shrimp and veggies pho. Everything was good taste wise.  Broth wasn't too heavy and oily.  Just right.  Once again no complaints on the pho itself.  However, I was slightly disappointed with the bowl size offerings.  I ordered a large but seemed pretty standard for me.  I will admit I am a fat boy so I do consume more than the usual.  So this may not bother you at all.  My bowl seemed to be a little low on noodles and even broth (had to ask waiter for extra broth).  He gave me some with no issues so that's always nice.  Like I said everything was fine with the pho.  I just am used to ordering large bowls and getting a heck load of pho. Yesterday (different place) I ate my entire pho and was full to the max.  Today I ate this and didn't feel much of a dent in the tummy.  Overall the food was fine. At $9 a pop for my large pho I expected a bit more food but you can't win them all.  4 stars for the food, -1 for portion control.  I'll be back to try the beef pho and update as well. -The Kung Pho Panda
5	Hands down, my favorite Viet restaurant in town!You MUST try their Pho! It's a just-right-mix between sweet and savory, mmm slurppp yum! I come here almost every weekend, even in the hot weather of Arizona, to have their pho, it's that good! Well, I also love their other dishes, their broken rice dishes are top notch and their bun bo hue is done right to the spice (you can also order the "Americanized" version without the "mystery" meat in it ;) )All and all, great food and great service. Will keep coming back!
3	Came in to grab some house pho on a lunch break.  I love pho and always get the standard with tendons, tripe, meatball, brisket, and pork/flank at every place I go.  I like to compare apples to apples when it comes to pho.  This was good, but they skimped on the tendons and tripe.  I had only one tiny piece of a tendon and only a few pieces of tripe.  Like I said, the broth was great, but I really enjoy the parts of the animal that we Americans don't eat regularly when I go out for this dish.  The Vietnamese iced coffee was good too, but only equated to half a glass so I felt a little robbed there as well.  For $15.00 on a lunch I was expecting more.
5	Bun cuon is made fresh in house. Best I've had. The pho is pretty decent too. Not really busy on weekday but pretty packed on weekend. I've tried most of the items on the menu and everything has been good and consistent so far! And they're prices are pretty fair for the portions they offer.
5	Such great pho and service here. Me and my husband have been here a total of probably 8 or 9 times. We've taken our kids, my mother, my brother, and my best friend and each of them agree it's super good, too.
5	My family ate here over weekend. It was nice refreshing food. Everything tasted fresh. Really good.
4	The initial atmosphere wasn't necessarily impressive but our order came out swift and promptly. The food was nice and hot. My pho was delicious and fresh, some of the best I've had, most certainly satisfied my sickness desires. I would most definitely come again and recommend this place to others.
4	Came here because its pho weather Lol. So, overall the pho was delicious. The broth had lots of flavor and they had generous amounts of meat. A few things why I didn't give 5 stars. The drinks, any kind from soda to Thai tea, tasted horrible. Soda drinks tasted old... Thai teas tasted like powder. I also thought the service could be worked on a bit. The guy clearly was paying attention more to the "regulars" than us. Also, the interior is standard but not bad. Overall if it wasn't for the good pho, it would have gotten a lesser rating. Will definitely be coming back for pho but may bring my own drinks Lol.
5	I have been coming here for a few months after switching from another Pho place down the street. Prices are great and food is even better. It's also pretty awesome when i walk n and they ask which dish I'm having that day because they actually remember me and what i usually order. I usually alternate between the Pho Dac Biet and the Bun Bo Hue. Both are phenominal and are dependant on mood which one i get for the day. The Com Dac Biet is another great stand bye for a heartier meal. Definitely recommend stopping in if you haven't already.
5	Just like CA. Enough said. But yelp says my review is too short.  Clean place and wide variety to meet your cravings.  Large portions.
4	Very nice little restaurant.  Good food. Owner / manager is genuinely concerned about our dining experience.  Also he accommodates some special requests (example: my wife likes vegetarian spring rolls which are not on menu, yet he orders his chef to make them for us).  The Banh Xeo, a savory Vietnamese crepe, is light, crispy and delicious.  Bun Bo Hue, a spicy beef pork noodle soup, is also very good.  While the food is very good, the atmosphere and service from the wait staff is basic.Rating: Recommended.Opening hoursTue - Thu = 10:00 AM - 8:30 PMFri - Sun = 10:00 AM - 9:00 PM Mon = closed
5	Pho Viet Nom Nom NomPho - Nam - ENAL1 Star for the BROTH. Broth quality comes first when rating Pho in my opinion. Pho Viet Nam nails it. A perfect balance of Sweet, Roasted, and Savory, meat + veggie flavors at the same time in my mouth. It's like an orgy going on in there. A lesbian Suicide Girl orgy. 1 Star for opening up at 10am. Pho for breakfast anyone?? I think so. Rough night drinkin? Well you are in luck. Hot soup at 10 am is the shit, and will turn your hangover into that ceremony in Atlantis a short ways into Little Mermaid.. Except Ariel is present for this shin dig.. clam shells and all.2 Stars go out to the owner who has made it a point to chat it up with me each time I have visited. Shout out to the guy who runs this tight ship for being friendly, and for keeping the place clean.1 Star for VALUE.. These guys do not skimp on anything. My soup comes packed with meat, and noodles.. Every.Time. Even the herbs, veggies, and sauces you get are fresh, and abundant. Put all that shit in some orgasmic (tattoos.. piercings.. purple hair) broth and BOOM! You've got a 5 star Pho joint-
5	Now this is a pho place in the east valley I would recommend to anyone to try! The pho bowl ranges from small, med and large and trust me they don't skimp on the noodles/meat. We had the pho tai, pho dac biet and fried spring rolls which both were delicious. It's a very inexpensive place for lunch or dinner and the pho let say again is excellent. I agree with the previous post they nailed it on the broth!
5	Thank you Pho Viet Nam for the delicious meals.  We ordered #6, #17, #20 & #28..and all I say is..WOW!!!  The flavors were so delish..it felt like we were back home in San Francisco..at our fave Pho spot in Westborough Rd, Daly City. The employee and service were warm and welcoming. Looking forward to next time we go..
5	The thing I miss most about LA is the ability to drive 20 minutes from my mama's house and hit a 4+ star asian joint and a decent vietnamese place definitely hits top 5 types of asian I miss.Again, following fellow yelpers' reviews, I found this little joint.  I wasn't about to spend 10 bucks for a bowl of pho and I really wanted something that had all the basics... and then some.  Upon arrival, the plaza was very kitschy looking (as opposed to the usual nondescript plazas I venture to for asian food in the AZ) with some interesting neighboring shops.  But no matter, the others don't concern me as I'm down for pho and pho alone.Walking in at 5PMish, there was nobody else there, and I was greeted immediately by an extremely friendly waiter.  He sat me down at a booth, brought a menu and told me to take my time.  Decent selection, decent prices, I felt like a winner.Here's the breakdown of what I ordered:Spring Rolls (2pc/order) - 2 OrdersBeef Pho w/ Meatballs & Sliced BrisketSpring Rolls - 5/5These babies came out fast and at 2 pc for $3.50, that is Cali prices so it definitely rubbed me the right way.  I ordered 2 orders thinking I'd take an order home if I didn't get to it, but the spring rolls were so good and just right, I wolfed both orders down before my pho even hit the table.  I got the spring rolls with pork and shrimp.  Definitely freshly made, and everything in it had that just cooked taste as well.  The peanut sauce... god I could probably drink that whole thing down by itself.  With the generous dipping that I did though, I might as well have.  Delish, delish.  Definitely get.Beef Pho w/ Meatballs & Sliced Brisket - 5/5When this hit the table, I immediately brought the bowl closer to me in giddy anticipation.  It was like Christmas hit early, and I must've been a good girl, cuz Santa got me all I wanted on my list.  I took a whiff... Mmmm, the smell of beef pho broth hit me solidly.  I tore some fresh herbs off my herb platter and tossed it in, grabbed my spoon and dunked it to take my first sip.  Migod... can I live here please?  The broth was heady, rich, and enough to make me fall in love.  Noodles were cooked perfectly and the meatballs and meat didn't disappoint either.  Solid solid solid.  Needless to say, I finished my huge bowl of pho with not a drop left in the bowl.  That's what I call delicious.  For around $7, you really can't get a better deal in AZ.  Overall, I would definitely come again to try some of the other dishes like Bun Bo Hue and Fried Egg Rolls, maybe even venture out of my norm and get a broken rice plate or something.  With such solid classics, I can't imagine my dinner experience in the future to disappoint.  Rating:Service - 5/5Price - 4/5Food - 5/5
5	Best Pho in the valley, cheap prices, and great service. What more could you ask for! BBQ Beef rolls are delicious as well! You won't be disappointed!
4	Nice clean restaurant with plenty of parking in a strip mall.  Menu has nice variety of Vietnamese cuisine.  Pho Dac Biet is good. Plenty of noodles and meat to fill you up.  Spring rolls were delicious as well.  Good came out really fast when they not busy.
5	Great Vietnamese Food! Owner is really nice. Egg Rolls are very good as well.
5	Great Vietnamese food at a great price. Friendly staff, big portions. What more can you ask for?
5	Updating my review: Still love this place! They are open on Mondays now. The menu has expanded and the prices have slightly increased since they opened, maybe an extra 50 cents. Not a big deal, prices are still very reasonable. The pho broth here is my favorite. It has a great flavor and doesn't taste overwhelmingly salty.
5	I have been here 3 times in 4 weeks.  I love it.  It's more than just great food, the employees are great, the atmosphere is great.  I have gone alone sat at bar had a beer and some lunch, I have taken friends there for dinner, and brought my kids here for a treat. Each time was great experiance. Everything I have tried has been well prepared, plenty of food and again great friendly service .
5	Great service and great food.
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is so tasty and the guy who runs that place is absolutely friendly.  Today I ordered some take-out from that place, again. If I could, I'd eat there several times a week.
4	Friendly staff, fast efficient service, love their bbq pork. Its around the corner from my house and is my go to for Viet.
5	Just finished eating here and it was delicious! I had the chicken pho and my husband had the vegetable and tofu pho. Huge portions! We also had egg rolls and they were good. Inexpensive and very good!  We will be back again.
