5	Nostrano is exactly what we needed! A small, cozy, dimly lit spot that's lively with conversation. Nostrano has a carefully thought-out menu highlighting the best of the season's ingredients, without overwhelming one with options. The farm egg salad was almost a meal on it's own. The delicata squash cannelloni was light and lovely with a crunchy roasted brussel sprout leaves. The cocktails I tried, Piper and Nehi Orange, were sweet but not too heavy - very similar style to the Velvet Hour in Chicago.  The affogato is probably the best dessert I've had in Madison in a long time. Make a reservation, it's sure to be very popular soon.
5	Nostrano is beautifully decorated, and the ambiance is warm and cozy. We had a wonderful time relaxing over drinks and three courses. Our window seat was perfect--love the large wooden window sills! The five stars are especially for the creative, delicious desserts, which were our favorite part of the meal. I had the offagato, which includes yummy cornmeal donuts and salted caramel gelato swimming in espresso. My husband had the crespelle--chestnut crepes filled with sweetened creamy cheese,  with chocolate gelato and figs. Both were beautifully prepared and were unlike the typical offerings on most dessert menus. I also enjoyed my entree: delicata squash cannelloni , although if you get this, make sure you let it cool before eating a giant bite like I did--it was piping hot! The marinated olives with sourdough focaccia appetizer is a good deal for $5, and there were plenty of olives and bread for two people to share. Oh, and my husband's cocktail--nehi orange--was really zippy and interesting. We will definitely be coming back.
5	Everything about Nostrano's is well thought out.  The small fresh flowers on the table, chocolate brown napkins and spotless sparkling silverware create a welcome ambience that is followed by a delightfully inventive dinner.   We shared the olives and focaccia  as an appetizer.  The focaccia  is light and airy.  Our entrees were crispy chicken and the grilled sturgeon.  The portion size is not so overwhelming that you can also have dessert.  We shared a butter cream gelato with crispy ginger snaps. We inquired about the origin of the gelato and was told it too was made on the premises.   The experience was wonderful; our server was knowledgeable about everything on the menu including the drinks.  I know Nostrano's will be on our restaurant rotation.
4	I just read the review of the person who thought that all the favorable comments toward Nostrano were written by friends or family of the owners.  I am not a friend or a family member of the owner.  In fact, I went to Nostrano with a negative attitude not expecting much.  I was completely blown away!I'm not sure why it's described as Italian or Mediterranean.  That's actually what completely turned me off about the concept.  I thought, "Oh God, that's all we need... another Italian restaurant with a big bowl of pasta and lame garlic bread."  I am eating my words now.. along with some delicious appetizers and desserts.As a woman, I never want to go to a restaurant and have some enormous meal that makes me want to unbutton my pants and sleep for the next 9 hours.  Hey Miranda C. who thought the portions were too small, just because you're in Wisconsin, doesn't mean you have to eat like a cow!  I go out wanting to nibble on several items (sort of like tapas style, but not necessarily Spanish every time).  I like to share with my co-diner, and eat just the right amount without feeling like I need to fast the next day.My friend and I arrived close to 9 p.m. and only wanted an appetizer.  We ordered the charcuterie plate which was AMAZING!  The only suggestion I offered to them was that I didn't need as much of the sweet jams on the plate as they gave me, and for their own cost control, they could put less on the plate.  I could have eaten a pound of the lamb sausage.  We had not intended on ordering dessert, but the chef convinced us to because the owners are pastry chefs and it would be a shame to pass up their specialty.  Usually since I don't have a big sweet tooth, I play it safe with dessert and order whatever chocolate dish is on the menu.  As I was scanning the list for the chocolate, a salted caramel gelato caught my eye.  It was served in a cupof espresso with house-made jam filled donuts.  Oh my God!!!  The owners truly are culinary geniuses!  Next time I go to Nostrano, I'm going to call ahead to make sure the salted caramel is on the menu.  Even though I didn't try an entree this time, I plan to return soon, and I'm sure I'll be impressed again.  As far as the decor, it's totally adorable and cozy.  I can't imagine anyone not liking this place, including my meat and potatoes husband :)
5	Outstanding!  The Yellow Tail appetizer was fresh, perfectly prepared.  We tried two entrees: the beef short ribs and the sturgeon.  Both were wonderful.  The ribs full flavored, great texture, nice sides.  The sturgeon was paired perfectly with tender artichokes, good sauce.  Dessert crepe was excellent and the cappuccino - wow!  Thought I was in Italy.  Things haven't been this good in Madison since l'Etoile first opened years ago.
4	I agree with much of Erin Hanusa's recent Isthmus review (http://www.thedailypage.com/isthmus/article.php?article=31323) of Nostrano. I sampled most of the same dishes she reviewed, with a couple minor variations, and I found the food to be expertly prepared and refined while still fitting in with Madison's affinity for rustic, comfort, local and seasonal food. I often think some kind of goofball molecular gastronomy place will never work here, for example. The cauliflower soup was delightfully presented with sprigs of romanesco and a delicious crouton, which made for a tasty counterpoint, texture and flavorwise, to the creaminess of the soup.  The risotto featuring pheasant confit was a tangy surprise.  The flavors were earthy and strong, but it fit nicely with the soup and felt seasonally and thematically appropriate.  Entrees of crispy chicken and braised beef were excellent.  In the latter case, I've recently sampled the same dish at a number of Madison restaurants and this is the best implementation yet, with the beef so tender it fell apart on the fork and the tang of the accompanying sauce enhancing the beef's rich flavor even further, while cutting any heaviness that may have resulted in the beef alone. Desserts were also excellent, as were the two vintage throwback cocktails we tried.That having been said, with the exception of the hostess, who was very pleasant, welcoming and friendly, the service was terrible. The waiter who we had became visibly irritated/angry when my dining partner asked to retain her menu, so that she could read it while sampling the dishes we'd selected. She was still speaking when he turned on his heel and walked away from her in mid-sentence. In shock, I considered donning my coat and leaving at that point. He came back a moment later - to apologize? Actually, he said that the previous interaction had "thrown" him and he needed to ask me once again what my food selections were.It really was bizarre.Meanwhile, the other server helping tables near us seemed to be very nice, and she was engaging with the customers quite differently - I longed to have been seated in her section. I spent the meal feeling quite uncomfortable and the incident frankly ruined an otherwise splendid meal. The bad vibe was topped off as we left, when I turned and thanked the bartender who was standing at the door and who'd made our cocktails. He just stared back into my face, without returning a comment, smiling or acknowledging that I had spoken. What?So, I really have to give this new restaurant probably 4/5 stars for its right-out-of-the-gate spot-on culinary success. But I think I'll retain a rating for service at this point, hoping against hope that this was a fluke. We choose our favorite downtown dining spots - Magnus, Sardine and so on, not only based on their excellent food but because of the pleasant, comfortable and welcoming atmosphere. Good food is a baseline in the downtown Madison scene. Service and ambiance has to be part of the equation, too, for the place to make it on my return list. I compare this to my other recent foray into the Underground Kitchen, whose dishes need some refinement but whose staff was clearly engaged in a labor of love, and eager to share the love with the customers (maybe slightly too much, as the chef took a seat at our table without any warning!).
4	Went for cocktails the other night - and they were fantastic. For about $8 you'll have a variety of cocktails to choose from. They all tasted great. Sorry to say that they don't have the Orange Nehi anymore - must be seasonal.Interior is cool, but the space is pretty tight, so don't expect to come without a reservation or bring a large group.Had one bite of food, and some olives, but I'm planning to get dinner there soon - word on the street is that it's great. The desserts are supposed to kill. Might make 5 stars after dinner.
4	Similar menu to 43 North. Small portions but well thought out. Mixed drinks are served like martini. Killer atmosphere. Not cheap.
3	After reading the other reviews and hearing good things about Nostrano, we were expecting a little more than we got. We started off with drinks - a Cognac Old Fashioned and a Variable High Cloudiness and Gusty Winds (fancy dark and stormy). The drinks were actually topnotch, although not as large as I expected - this turned out to be fine because they were to be savored. We ordered the Dunbarton Blue appetizer to share, and it was also good. The cheese was the highlight of the plate, but everything else paired well too. For the main course, my girlfriend ordered the Beef Shortribs, and I ordered the Grilled Sturgeon. We were not impressed by the portion size or either dish, although the presentation was very nice. My sturgeon must have been waiting on the shortribs to finish cooking because they came out nice and hot, but the sturgeon was just barely warm by the time I took a bite. In regard to taste, the spareribs were excellent, and the gnocchi that accompanied them were prepared well also. I was not delighted by the sturgeon, and though I am not an expert on how to prepare this fish, I think it may have been undercooked (it was a little pink, and juicy in the center). Also, I didn't enjoy the crunchy chick peas very well, although I have never really enjoyed chick peas in any form. Because we were still hungry, for dessert, we split the Sorbetto - the presentation was nice, but there are probably other desserts on the menu that would top this one (we ordered it only because my girlfriend has an egg allergy, and it was the only egg-free dessert option). I also ordered a cognac to top off the evening. I was still hungry, but I felt a little bit better about it after the cognac. Both the atmosphere and waitstaff were pleasant enough. All told, the bill came to $85 plus 20% tip = $102. We both agreed that for this price, we would not be back soon.
5	Very good food and dessert. Their gelatos are very good. I really liked the place. It was very cozy but just that its a very small place.Don't go there without a reservation.
4	Fresh. Flavorful. Good service. Great Sazerac. Couldn't have had a better New Year's Eve.
4	You know how in some 80's-late 90's movies there's that one new person that comes into class and everyone's like, "Daaaaaaaaayum!"?That "person" is this restaurant.I went here last night with my significant other for our anniversary dinner and it was just too good. I got the braised beef short ribs which came with gnocchi and swiss chard (I had the cipollini removed due to food allergies). The gnocchi was so tender it melted in my mouth and had a wonderful buttery taste, some had a more bitter taste because of being placed near the swiss chard. My significant other got the pork shoulder agrodolce and thought it was "good" (his words, not mine.) It had an almost barbecue-like taste to it because of the cannellini beans.Both of us got the same dessert, the Torta which was a sponge cake with a coffee mousse, some maple agrodolce on the plate with a coconut gelato on the side. The gelato barely had a coconut taste, but it was very nice and not too sweet.Service was nice, our waitress came at the right time and refilled our glasses and anything else we might have needed. The place is a little small, but I think it adds to its charm. A little difficult to hear the person you're with sometimes, though.The only complaint I've really got about this place is that there's some disjoint to the dishes: for example, two of the items on my plate (short ribs and gnocchi) were savory, and then had one extremely bitter item (swiss chard) that seemed out of place. This was the same issue with the dessert--the coconut gelato, maple agrodolce, and cake were all fairly sweet--and then the coffee taste from the mousse and the coffee grounds on the side made for a really awkward and overwhelming taste. I'd much prefer it if the entire plate was balanced, but that's a personal preference.Overall, I really liked this place and would definitely come back. Daaaayum, Nostrano, you lookin' fine.
5	Went here on girls night out before a show at the overture.  Started with the marinated olives.  It was a nice variety of olives in olive oil with sourdough fociacca bread.  We asked for more bread just to dip in the oil.  I got their Nostrano Tipple, which used the Death's Door Vodka from Door County with other liquors of lemon and lavendar.  Sweet and tart and delicious!  Seems they specialize in local/high end liquors only.  My friend had to ask a few times for something she liked.  I got the Seafood Brodetto, which changes a little every night I guess.  Mine came with red snapper (one of the fish I acutally like due to it mildness).  It's always served in a tomato broth with shellfish.  It came loaded with clam, mussels, calmamari (legs and tubes), onions and slivered garlic with toasted bread on the side.  I told my friends I will be bringing my hubbie back for that.  My friends got the pork shoulder and braised beef.  This would be the second time my friend had been there and ordered the same thing!I had a great Alsace french white wine with dinner to top it off!No room for dessert even though we looked.Great addition to Madison.  By the way, every table, though close, was still private.   Great place for just drink, dinner with friends or girls night out!
4	First timers last night.  Saw all the good reviews.  I suspect after our next trip it will get all five stars.  There were a few mis-steps, but all-in-all agree with the many positive reviews.Let's get the negatives out of the way quickly.  Waited ten minutes before being approached by a server - in fact had to go ask the hostess if anyone had been assigned.  Waitress did apologize when she first approached and at the end of the meal, which was a reasonable recovery.They have an amazing cocktail list.  We went off menu and ordered Capmari & soda with a splash of orange and a dash of bitters.  Drinks were not balanced well.  Not even sure there was orange added, but we were trying to be amenable so we let it go. I ordered the chicken thigh, which was a 9.5 out of 10 - it was just a little over-cooked, sadly, but still pretty amazing.  It came with a salad, which would have been good to have pointed out since I also ordered a salad.  However, all was good.The place is LOUD.  VERY LOUD, or at least it was from 9-10PM last night.  But it is small and tight so I guess one has to expect that.  We will probably go back during the week when it may be quieter.My girlfriend is a vegetarian.  Rather than suggest pairings that she would like, she was pushed towards the cauliflower pasta, which sounded great to me, but she does not like cauliflower.  So she ended up, sadly, wiyth soup and salad.  Considering all the wonderful vegetable and pasta accompaniments, seems the restaurant could have suggested a medly of them, or have at least one more readily available veggie friendly entree.  And the last faux pas was that bread is made to order and you have to ask.  We did not realize this so we missed out on an amazing home-made bread until we asked for the main course.   It came out with a very small amount of adequate olive oil.  Hopefully they will get bigger bowls and more interesting oil.  There is no salt & pepper on the table, which is also a shame, as they could do something interesting and inexpensive with these common condiments.However, the positives FAR outweigh the negatives.  And I am only being critical above because I think this is the kind of place that wants to know, will improve, will be wildly successful, and makes a city proud.  It is mostly amazing, and a great contender to L'Etoile and Osteria Papavero.  (And it is great to have a few GREAT restaurants in any city like Madison.  And we are fortunate to have a ton of good locally sourced comfort food establishments.)The food here is inventive, with amazing ingredients skillfully blended.  The brussel sprout salad was un-bee-lee-vable.  The salad with the candied olives is also over the top good.  The sunchoke soup (vegetarian) was smooth and creamy and totally focused on the richness of the vegetable.  While the afore-mentioned chicken was just a little over-cooked, it was still a very, very good dish.  The bread was amazing.  And the two biggest positives:Dessert is incredible.  We had caramel gelato with sea salt with espresso poured over it.  They were out of the little donuts that come with it. But it was still fantastic.  Can't wait to go back for additional desserts.  They all looked pretty special.The bartenders are extremely good.  And they have 16 different gins.  If you like gin, this is Mecca.  Become a pilgrim and get here and let them take you through sweet, and piney, and cucumber inspired essences.So again, over-all the good far outweighs the bad, and we hope the Restaurant works out a few minor issues to take its place in the top ranks of Madison cuisine.
4	Is this the best new restaurant in Madison? Based on previous reviews, it may depend on your luck with the waitstaff. The food quality certainly puts it in the upper tier of recent attempts at locally grown fare, as Madison tries to out-Portland Portland in the area of "sustainable regionalism". Nostrano may bill itself as Italian, but don't expect heaping plates of pasta; the vibe here is more rustic . . . peasant food for the "think green" set.My wife and I dined here before an Overture Center event. When we made that clear to our very cordial waitress, she made sure our dessert and check arrived in a timely manner . . . kudos there. They've redone the decor from the old Peppino's digs; lots of earth tones to complement the organic feel of the food. The new bar area is very nice.  Started with the sea scallops; quite good, but we've had better scallops in Madison (particularly at Eno Vino). The highlight of this dish was actually the smoked oxtail that accompanied the scallops. . . delicious! My entree was the Pork Shoulder Agrodolce, as tender a piece of meat you could want, served with a cannellini sweet-and-sour broth. Difficult to find any fault here; the level of kale was perfect (unlike a recent experience at L'Etoille). My wife had the parpardelle with lamb ragu . . . interestingly, she had the exact same dish at a Portland restaurant called Clyde Common. This was comparable in taste and texture, which is saying a lot, as CC is considered one of Portland's best. Dessert was a cocoa torta with coffee mousse and a coconut gelato. I was pleased to find this only mildly sweet, in the European tradition, as opposed to the sugar-saturated fare you usually get at American restaurants.This all added up to a very satisfying meal, and while the menu is limited, it was a good enough experience to bring us back (I'm interested in trying the short ribs and the sturgeon). It's a small place, and was only moderately busy for a Friday night. Furthermore, the exterior is very plain and not terribly inviting. I hope Madison discovers this place and keeps it around a while.
5	Amazing!!!  I'm so happy there's an option like this in Madison.  The owners are apparently from Chicago & I could picture the restaurant fitting in perfectly in Lincoln Park or Bucktown.  Ambiance, service, food & drinks are all top-notch. Proud, unpretentious & deliberate ingredient pairings.  Definitely try a few staples from the appetizer list: marinated olives & Yellowtail Crudo. Delish!
4	Very good.
5	Probably shouldn't review this place because I want it all to myself! My BF and I made a reservation for 9:30- but we got hungry early and showed up at about 8:45 and they were very accommodating and even got us a table outside.  We started out the meal with the scallop appetizer.  The scallops were melt in your mouth delicious and it came with wonderfully smokey oxtail on the side. I ordered the squab which came with red cabbage and spatzli and my not-so-inner food nerd was totally thrilled because- 1) Never had squab before and it was delicious! I expected it to have a more poultry-ish taste/texture but it definitely didn't.  Don't even know how to describe it other than yummy!2) This dish reminded me of German food (which I love) but in a Northern Italy kind of way (Italy borders Austria after all).  So cool to see  different side of Italian food.  My boyfriend had the tri-tip.  He loved his meal- I was too focused on my own to pay attention to what he was saying about his.  The portions were perfect- we had just enough room to split a dessert. Can't remember the official name of it but it was a toffee pudding with gelato and bananas on top.  The BF and I  had a memorable experience with toffee pudding at another restaurant and this was just as good (dare I say better?) than the dessert that got us excited for toffee pudding in the first place. To say our server - Greg I think- is knowledgable about the food is a total understatement.  You can tell he knows and loves each dish.  He was just as excited for me to try squab for the first time as I was.  And I was pretty dang excited.  :DNostrano is a must try!!
5	Despite that they made me stand there and wait to conform a table for one for a while (don't people go to restaurant alone in Madison?), I like this place. A wedge of a building with an entrance on one corner seems to create unique layout with a slightly cramped bar area.The service was lovely, a tall lovely waitress and a low table is always a good combination for the patrons. ;)Great food, all nicely prepared. I got the seafood Brocetto, lovely! The butter lettuce salad was almost there, saved by the candied olives. Dessert, a creamy  creamy mush of gellato and expresso and a handful of bomboloni to dipped in was outreagous!!!
3	What did I miss? If this is the best restaurant in Madison, we're pretty doomed. The waiter was great. Cordially greeted us, and suggested us delicious Rose to begin with. And I usually don't even like Rose, but it was perfect for a hot summer night. A cocktail called Kirby, also pointed out by out waiter, was fantastic as well. Food, meh. I like the concepts behind all dishes. The radish salad came out looking lovely, but a bit over-dressed. Dressing wasn't anything special. Soft-shell crab was salty whatever, so was my bf's pasta. The house made pasta had lovely eggy color and texture, but nothing more to write about. And the dessert was dreadful.   Too sweet, not particularly enlightening presentation or flavor.I love the interior decoration. Very chic. I can definitely come back for cocktails.
5	We went for dessert and the torta cake was DELICIOUS.  I haven't had a dessert that good since, maybe ever...including trips to Italy.  I will have to go back for dinner, the restaurant smelled wonderful (always a good sign).
1	After three tries of trying to eat here unsuccessfully without a reservation, I decided to try Nostrano for my birthday and made a reservation for my sister and I. I was excited to try it, as I'd heard many good things. Although a little thin on variety, the starter selections were flavorful and satisfying, as were our meals. Though not the very best I've had in Madison, they didn't disappoint. The truly disappointing part of the dinner came when we tried to order dessert. For two very personal reasons (I am a gestational diabetic and have to space out my food intake, especially carbs...and my husband was recovering from surgery in the hospital and we planned to include him in birthday festivities by bringing dessert to him) we asked to order three desserts to go. We were told no. I'm going to repeat that just to let it sink in: we were told that the restaurant would not  sell us dessert to carry out by both a server and the manager. Here were the reasons: ~The kitchen was too busy~Allowing food to be taken out of the restaurant violates the chef's personal philosophy, and deviating from that philosophy would be grounds for firing someone. ~They didn't have proper to-go containers~If they bent "the rules" for one person, they'd have to do it for everyone~and my personal favorite: that the gelato would melt if we left the restaurant (which would make one think that Culvers and Michaels should maybe have a dine-in only policy during hot summer months,  too), We were prepared to spend an extra $25-$30 on dessert, but instead left empty handed after explaining to both the server and manager that eating in wasn't an option in our situation. And we won't be back. Plenty of other local chefs within a handful of blocks of Nostrano serve up food that rivals that of Nostrano, and in some cases, is better (Osteria Papavero, Muramoto, Graze, Harvest, and L'Etoile just to name a few)...and understand what Nostrano's chef does not seem to: dining out is as much about the experience and service as the food. If you want to try the food, you'll probably enjoy a decent meal. If you want to experience true fine dining instead of a place that takes itself so seriously without any real grounds for doing so, I'd go elsewhere...and will.
3	My husband and I recently ate here, and while it wasn't an unpleasant experience, for the money I'd rather dine at Eno Vino. The cocktail menu lacked anything light and fruity but they did accommodate my request. Our server was polite, but she made little attempt to explain the esoteric and limited menu even though we told her it was our first visit to Nostrano. She also made little attempt to bring our drinks promptly. As a former server-now foodie, this is a huge no-no. I actually enjoy the anticipation of waiting for a well-prepared meal, but I expect to be offered a drink the first time a server visits my table, not wait ten minutes after her second visit. The menu has few vegetarian options, and if I wanted a salad I can make a magnificent one at home for about 1/8th the price.Hubs had the risotto, while I had the seafood brodecco. The portion size was perfect and the flavors were amazing. My tastebuds were dazzled, and I sampled his risotto-which is what I will order if we do end up going again. Our server didn't bring our new drinks out until halfway through the meal. Perhaps she was new, or having an 'off' night? The place didn't seem so large that the bartender could have been that backed up. On the plus side, our drinks lasted us through dessert, which was a chocolate torte with gellato. Made from sheep's milk, it was slightly salty, but I thought this only added to the flavor.I would have given more stars if there were more options for those of us who prefer not to eat mammals. I also would have appreciated more welcoming hospitality as opposed to the indifference we encountered.
4	Went on a Friday night (the online reservation system was very useful) and had the Olive appetizer (which was worth the 5 dollars just for the amazing homemade sourdough bread that comes with it), the spicy chicken and the whitefish. Everything is carefully thought out, balanced, and with excellent quality ingredients (same goes for the cocktails - we had the sazerac and rhubarb3). Would definitely be interested in going again in the winter and seeing how their menu changes with the season.
1	I had a salad for lunch. What a disappointment. Too small and over dressed. In keeping with the skimpy portions, it was served with a half piece of bread. This is a $9 salad? Man give me Panera or Bruggers or anywhere else. I left the restraunt and went to another restraunt for lunch. I can just imagine going there at night for a drink that costs the house $.70 cents and charging $9. Very poor value. Very nice decor. Yuck.
3	Food was just ok. Service was unremarkable. Drinks were good. Food portions were very small. Rather pricey.
5	Thank you Nostrano for a fabulous night out in Madison. I count this among my new favorite restaurants... if only I lived closer instead of in Chicago so I could become a more frequent patron.For drinks: everything on the menu looked creative and enticing. I went with the rhubarb3, which didn't disappoint, and also sampled a couple others. Looked like they had a very nice wine list as well - my husband had a glass of Primitivo and was happy.We skipped appetizers in favor of dessert, but I wish I would have stuffed myself with olives and/or the scallops in addition to the rest of our primo meal. We went straight for the entrees, and were very impressed with the chicken meatballs (just a little spicy kick) and the lamb ragu pasta. The lamb was perfectly spiced with something akin to cinnamon or allspice, for a rich and comforting flavor. Also had the whitefish with a side of roasted vegetables, which was definitely the healthiest of our dishes but still nicely flavored and very fresh-tasting. For dessert we had the torta, which had a nice slightly salted taste to one of the layers (chocolate+salt = delicious). Also the salted caramel gelato with an espresso wash - I didn't like this one quite as much, but the rest of my fellow diners were in heaven. Finished up with some coffee, and lingered in the restaurant chatting for at least 40 minutes after our meal. Our servers were happy to let us linger and continued to fill our water glasses, making us feel very welcome and at ease. Decor is subtle, with a nice blend of sophistication and country charm. I can't wait until our next Madison visit so I can run back to Nostrano!
4	Going to school here 15 years ago, I didn't expect much of anything in the culinary scene in Madison...boy was I wrong. I had one of the best bowls of pasta in years here (with the lamb ragout). My fiance had the seafood stew, and we started with the bison carpaccio. All were great, as good as we get in our hometown of NYC. On top of this, the drinks were great- I really enjoyed the old fashioned (both of them). Everyone was great! Matt and Julie took great care of us during our meal. Thanks guys!
4	Inventive menu, great space, good service, interesting drink menu, and great local ingredients.  I had the braised pancetta--which was incredible.  The radish salad was good--not great.  Nostrano is a very good restaurant, but I wouldn't put it in the same category as L'Etoile.  People who think that Nostrano is Madison's finest restaurant haven't been to some of the other places around the square.
3	I'm a fan because we had awesome service. The pate was allegedly "legendary" - I don't eat meat. Which is why I wish I could give 3.5 stars. It worked really well for meat eaters (my family) and only OK for me. Scallops were well cooked but plate was a mess, salad of garden greens and beets were fine but nothing special. I felt a little left out - especially after I tasted the grapes on my daughters lamb dish - man, did those pack a cool, interesting punch that felt - WOW. All the rest (again, limited cause I'm not a meat eater) tasted fine. Slow food, local focus is awesome, staff was perfect, seating in big booth was uncomfortable (too stiff backed), wine suggested was great, but it's pricey for not feeling delighted. Perhaps the meat eaters did -  my son who ate quail for the first time said "I'd eat this anytime over steak." So if you are a meat eater consider that - but this is Madison and there's enough mixed marriages here where a stellar seafood or veggie dish is called for beyond pasta and cherry tomatoes, I can make that at home.
5	Best all around restaurant in Madison. I've eaten here four times, and I've never been disappointed. In fact, super foodie and my now fiance proposed while there (and we were in napa the week befoe eating here, which says a lot) the night before we moved away from Madison. Ambiance is excellent, chic casual. The bar tenders are always super helfpul and the drinks are excellent. I love the hamachi crudo (i think they have changed menu since I was last there) Scallops, were amazing. The salad! oh the salad, with candied olives was memorable. pea soup was also well done. The only dish i wasn't super thrilled with was the squab with foie gras, because I was expecting seared foie gras. The dish was very good, but I think the best foie gras prep is seared. The service is outstanding. My favorite server is is also a  woman who raises the chicken for the restaurant. All the ingredients are local, fresh, well prepared and presented. Great wine by the glass selection, great mixed drinks as well. Service, ambiance, food, presentation, all come together to make this place one of t the best in Madison. I like l'toile and harvest, but I never remember every course I order at either place. Nostrano, I remember every dish. Highly recommend.
1	I usually don't like write a very poor review but I feel compelled this time because I have never paid so much for such bad food in my entire life.First of all, our group of 6 was seated at a very small table along the window leaving us with no leg room.  That made it an uncomfortable experience to begin with. I ordered the Seafood Brodetto which comes with a Market Fish, Shellfish, Fennel & Cherry tomatoes ($24). The fish I was served which is what I was most looking forward to was about an inch and a half to 2 inches in diamater. It was by far the driest and most tasteless piece of fish I've ever eaten anywhere in my life (not an exaggeration). The mussels and sauce that they were in were again the blandest mussels I've ever eaten in my life. The meal left me 1. Stunned that a meal could be this bad 2. HungryMy girlfriend ordered a Gnocchi dish. The gnocchi was deep fried and tasted much more like Tater Tots than any gnocchi we've ever tried. And again, the meat was way overcooked. I can't remember what the rest of the table ordered but only 1 person was satisfied with their meal (they ordered the Lamb Ragu).Every person felt completely taken advantage of after the meal (Bills were $100/couple approx. with food and drink). We all also left hungry and wanting another full meal. Luckily Underground Kitchen Cooperative had a taco bar set up at Genna's next door that we happily enjoyed. However, it wasn't all bad. We did enjoy the decor and our server & bartender who waited on us did a good job.I have to say that I won't ever go back especially since there are many other more affordable restaurants in town to get a much better meal.I hope for their sake that it was just a bad night. (I will note that this dinner took place on Thursday, September 29th starting at 7 pm). After telling me experience to so many friends over and over I thought it was time to finally spend a few minutes to get this off my chest.If you are in that area I would suggest Tornado Room, Graze, Fresco, Nat Spil & Tempest as much better options.
1	I visited Nostrano with friends on a Friday night and was so disappointed. I had the scallops appetizer, which was tasty but incredibly overpriced given that it was only two scallops. Then for an entree, I ordered the gnochi with pancetta, thinking it was a pasta dish. When it arrived, it was a huge slab of fatty pancetta accented by overly salty vegetables and sauce, and four or five strangely (also heavily salted) fried starch things that were supposed to be gnochi - but clearly not. The best thing of my meal was the wine. The tab (split with my boyfriend who also had the same entree) was around $50 with tip. I was ready to write it off as a disappointing and fairly overpriced meal (particularly for what it was). But then today, I realized that Nostrano charged me again for my meal (5 days later) and at a slightly higher price than I had originally paid. I called immediately and a very nice woman assured me that a manager would call back wihtin the hour to make amends. A few hours passed and no call. I called a SECOND time and was told that it was more convenient for Nostrano to negate the charge tomorrow, and someone would be in touch. I would not recommend this restaurant based on the food and would avoid the restaurant based on the service.
5	Really good home-made pasta. We ordered the Lamb pasta and the chicken pasta. If you want to get technical, it was the spicy chicken popette paccheri & the whole wheat pappardelle lamb ragu.Both were excellent, plentiful portions, inventive and delicious. presentation was wonderful. The desert of Affogato was really good. We had beer with our dinner instead of wine, and the beer selection seemed great. The interior is very cool, it is elegant and upscale without trying too hard.Some reviews here complained about accommodations for large groups. This place is relatively small and not really suited for groups larger than 4 in my opinion. It's great for a date however.
5	Good service and excellent food.  I really don't mind the prices because you are getting good quality food prepared with love.  I have had Short Ribs, Seafood Brodetto(sp?).  All very good.  I like that the menu focuses on a few things that they do well.  They also have a good beer list.  We are spoiled in Madison that we can find excellent beers at most of the decent places in town.
5	I feel this restaurant flies too often under the radar of Madison's best.  In my honest opinion, Nostrano stands toe to toe with the best and often times that not, wins.  Their season menu is rather small so picky eaters this may not be the best place to go.  Well balanced and well portioned meals with an outstanding dessert selection.  Small intimate restaurant that continues to get better.
4	Nostrano was very accommodating to give us a last minute table for two at 9 on new year's eve. I tried the "our word" cocktail, which was strong and tasted like flowers soaked in gin (though not at all in a bad way), and ordered the bison carpaccio and the roasted quail. Both dishes were really yummy. My bf got the scallops and the braised pancetta. I don't really go for seafood so I was not jealous of his starter, but I knew I'd made a mistake letting him get the pancetta for the main course instead of me...it was absolutely delicious. My food was good, but his was better.  We both had dessert, me with some fancy donuts and salted caramel/espresso gelato, and he the pumpkin tiramisu. Our wine with dinner was a yummy syrah recommended by our waitress. Basically, it was a great meal, especially considering how impromptu it was.My only complaint was that I did not find either the cocktail, entree, or dessert menus to be as well-rounded as I expected.  I felt like each could have used one or two more options.  There was nothing beefy, for example, to order as a main course, and nothing lemony for desert. That made me try some new things, but kept me from being able to balls to the wall bliss out on my dining experience.  I'd like to go back and see what they have in future seasons---maybe their menu changes?A note abt service: it is SO awesome to have a waitress who is really competent but chilled out. She also had the world's most adorable name...Cricket!!
4	we finally got a chance to check this place out yesterday (v-day). we had a reservation and were seated immediately. we started with beers and the marinated olives. the beer list is small, but stellar - dragon's milk on tap? yes please. my fiance had a gulden draak. the olives came with a lovely rustic bread and were yummy, but unpitted. i'll admit we weren't sure about the proper way to go about eating them. i hope no one was offended that hands were used.i ordered the snapper brodetto, a slightly spicy tomato-based seafood stew with clams, mussels and squid. it was wonderful. my fiance had the orecchiette and really liked it. the plating on all of these dishes was simple and elegant. we went for the gold and ordered crema for dessert... it was SO good. the olive oil gelato, bittersweet chocolate cream and toasted ciabatta played very nicely together. the candied kumquat was a pretty garnish, but it tasted a bit like christmas and didn't really seem to go with the rest of the dish.our server was very friendly and attentive. the rustic decor is cozy and inviting, but i found the music selection a bit disjointed... the clash, misfits and ramones are awesome bands, but nostrano is not a punk rock dive bar, so it seemed like an odd choice. anyway... all in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our meal and will definitely be back.
5	After hearing about their migration from Chicago, my mother and I dined there about a year ago and view it as one of Madison's best. They strive to support the local economy and farmers visible through their very seasonal menus. Each area of the restaurant is represented by experts who know how to bring the ingredients to their fullest potentials. Dinner is a must but also check out their amazing lunch specials and coming soon, BRUNCH!!
5	The girlfriend and I came here for a drink on St. Patrick's Day on a whim and loved the place.  Our bartender was friendly, helpful, and a very good mixologist.  He made a delicious interpretation of a gin press that made me regret my Hopalicious!  I'd like to come back some time for a full meal.
2	I was definitely underwhelmed. It was less haut cusine and more haughty. I had the pork shoulder and my husband had a chicken ravioli dish. Both were veeery small portions. And by small I mean that my husband's dish was 11 bites total. No kidding, I counted. Both were in a broth that was well flavored. We were so hungry after 2 entrees and an appitizer that we went to another restaurant (Essen Haus) and had a second supper, that was much better and satifying. Let me preface all of this by saying that I have been in 5 star resturants in many countries, so I am not simply put off by food that is outside of the typical Americanized faire. This place is, to put it simply, too big for its britches. If you are an urban hipster and are looking for a scene, this is your place. If you are looking for some great food, you should pass on Nastrano.
3	I had built up some high expectations from things I had heard from friends and coworkers and folks I knew who worked there. So perhaps I just expected too much.    Which is not to say anything was BAD. Certainly not.  Everything was perfectly acceptable, if a little overpriced for the level of enjoyment of food / quantities.     The menu is small and somewhat lacking in descriptors, and our waitress (who was friendly, smiled, knew her business, attentive but not overbearing) apologized that some of the descriptors were actually incorrect when we asked about them.  (Wrong type of nut listed, wrong vegetable ingredient, etc.) They had also made some subsitutions in some of the things we ordered, and did not tell us (or the staff apparently) about these changes until we pointed out that what we had did not match the menu.     The bison tartare had a lovely texture and I was really excited about it, but turned out to have almost no flavor at all. The greens and oil that accompanied it were all that could be tasted, though the combo of textures was very pleasing. I tried some of the paper-thin bison (which had to be carefully and painstakingly scraped of the plate with a fork or knife and spread onto a crostini) all by iteself, and still could only detect the lightest of beefy flavors. I can compliment it's subtlety, but I would have preferred to actually taste my food a bit more.     The pasta's we ordered (we passed them around a little) were fresh and properly cooked. Perfectly al dente. Several of the dishes were very good, most were just good. Nothing was so good that anyone said, "wow, you have to try this one."    The lamb dish contained almost no perceivable lamb. A nut-based pasta had several fried herb leaves that were far too large and overpowering to be eaten without singing the palate; other bits were pleasantly small,crisp notes in proper proportion.  Notes of lemongrass served another dish very well,    The signature cocktails were tasty, if somewhat unspectacular. (A $15 cocktail turned out to occupy only half of a small champagne flute.) Nothing left me feeling scammed or unpleased, but nothing left me excited to tell people that I had finally gotten around to really trying the place out.      The atmosphere is pleasing though, the decor is 4 stars and a nice mix of upscale and accessibly trendy. (On a silly note, their bathrooms were quite lovely and originally decorated, not to mention spotless.)
5	When I happened across an article of top chefs and Tim Dahl popped up in Madison I couldn't resist going to his restaurant. Of course, that would mean I would have to be in Madison and it just so happened I was going there for work.The place did not disappoint. It definitely had a Chicago feel with the exposed brick and just a simple and minimal interior yet not at all pretentious. I liked the feel of the dining area and the waitress not only put us at ease but she also knew everything and then some when it came to the menu.I couldn't decide on the entree so the waitress helped with the tie breaker. I went with the braised pancetta, or pork belly. It was the heavier of the options but I was fascinated with the dish and wanted to try it. It was nicely complemented with the potenta, and the other sides such as hazelnuts and grapes. It was simply fantastic and disappeared as quickly as it appeared.We actually started the dinner with the olives and also the scallops. Both were very good... the scallops came with artichokes so that was a nice surprise (I didn't order it or read up on it). The drink I went with was homemade jam with gin and some other stuff. It doesn't really matter because it was one of the best concoctions I could remember. It had champaign so it had a little fizz but it was also tart, which is completely my style.i finished up with the Affogato, which is basically 3 little donuts next to a cup of caramel gelato melting in expresso. You dip the donuts in there if you like but they were just great on their own! The combo sounded a little strange but it worked, which, knowing the history of the chefs, you would completely expect!!Without a doubt, if you have a chance to come, even if it's just for a drink and dessert, then do it!
5	When I found out that I had to travel from Chicago to Madison for work, I immediately booked my seat at Nostrano (even before booking the hotel, to be honest). My expectations were moderately high, but they did not disappoint.  I ordered the special as a starter -- a sort of ramp and radish salad, served with tender asparagus on a bed of frisee and mayo dressing -- and it was positively delightful! The lamb ragu was equally yummy, with clearly home-made noodles in a harissa sauce.  I hadn't really saved room for dessert, but that didn't stop me from devouring my olive oil ice cream and chocolate with -- YES!! -- candied kumquat (Crema, it was named).Also not to be missed is the Sam's Jam cocktail. It's a sloe gin base with fruit preserves, rosemary, and a twist. It's sweet (I luckily had it with dessert), but fabulous. Madison has a wonderful scene, but I'll forego exploration next time and just return to what I know is great.
3	This place has been on my wife's must-go list for quite a while.  I was expecting much more...  It was ok. The service was really SLOW.  I even made a point of telling the server that we were going to a show and needed to be out of the restaurant by a certain time.  We had to skip dessert due to the extremely slow service.  The food was good but it didn't wow me.  Frankly, it felt tired.  The more inspired sounding dishes were sold out (we sat down at 6:45p - how can you be sold out of multiple entrees?!?).Based on other reviews, perhaps we were there on an off night.  However I am not sure I can convince my wife to try it again.
5	AMAZING place! After one visit, it's hard not to call this one of my favorite places in town. It has a fun, casual atmosphere and incredible food and cocktails. They are the only place in Madison (that I know of) that has soft shell crab and their braised Panchetta is incredible! I would definitely recommend checking it out.
4	Pretty great! This is one of the more shwanky places near the capitol I think.. Very good food compared to the normal German stuff in WI. I cannot really recommend the Rabbit I had, but my buddies had delicious meals with their chicken and Orechhietti*(sp) meal. Starters was this delicious salami plate. Price is what I would normally expect from a restaurant, but compared to other stuff in Wisconsin, it's cheaper. Very yum!
2	I wanted to love this restaurant so bad.  Rated highly as currently one of "Madison's Bests" and in the location of Peppino's (our first 'real' date spot from way back and such a charming little Italian spot), I had high hopes.  Back in town for a college friend's wedding, my husband and I made reservations for a Friday evening at 7:30pm.  We arrived at about 7:25 only to be told that our table wasn't ready.  Bar was full and since we had just come from a pre-dinner-drink at Genna's, we weren't gung-ho on the hostess's suggestion to go there and wait for them to call.  So we decided to wait outside...how long could it be, right? We had reservations after all.  While the hostess occasionally kept us updated, we sat on the sweltering curb until AFTER 8pm for our "reserved" 7:30 table!  WHAT. And recall:  record temps of over 100 degrees.  Woof.  I don't usually expect handouts, but for this atrocity, at least comp us a drink or dessert, no?We shared the scallops as a first course.  I had the snapper bordetto and my husband the lamb pappardelle.  While all "good", I felt the price for the portion size and quality of preparedness (fish overdone), was a bit steep.  And the service was slow as molasses.  Our waitress was new (that's the only logistical explanation that makes sense) and didn't seem to have a lot of knowledge regarding the menu or suggestions.  The bartender had to refill our water glasses because she was MIA.  We contemplated dessert, but it took about 10 minutes for her to bring over the dessert menu and then about another 10 for her to check back to see if we were interested.  Hence, we balked.  If (and that's a big if,) I returned, I would sit at the bar.  Cocktail menu looked very promising!  But overall, I think poor Peppino is rolling in his grave.
3	I have to change the rating after returning a year later to a lackluster dinner.  I had the "rabbit gnocchi" which consisted of 6 gnocchi and a huge sausage.  The waitress's description of this plate in no way matched what was served.  The menu seemed  overly complicated and overpriced.  On a positive note, the desserts were still tasty, although pricy too.
5	I went with my girlfriend and her sister for my girlfriends 21st birthday (before we obviously went out HARD to the bars).We shared a charcuterie plate, which was very good, but not as good as Underground Kitchen (RIP).  We also shared a carpaccio dish for starters, which was fantastic. Then, for entrees, between us we had a gnocchi dish, lamb ragu & a fennel/brussel sprouts/sausage/citrus dish.  All three were beyond incredible.  Tons of bold flavors.Desert was also wildly incredible.Overall, definitely the best meal I've had in Madison.
5	Perfect for a smoky night out. I would really love to stay more, but the gin dripping off the tall windows is blurring my vision of the outside world and making this all go ....very slowly. It's mysterious. It's magical.It's an italian restaurant that lives up to your hopes and then surpasses them. Every dish is well in hand, and all the cocktails are spectacular. I love the lighting, the prohibition bar, the big windows, the heavy door. I'd recommend their version of the dark and stormy, and the lamb ragu. And dessert.This place is an experience.
2	While I would agree that the food was good, it's hard to get over first impressions.  After a much longer than anticipated drive from Chicago, we were eager to try out a place recommended by Chicago magazine; that - and the fact that chef is apparently a transplant from Chicago.  I called the restaurant en route to advise that we'll be 15 minutes late; "no problem," I was told.  When we arrived, hostess looked surprised that we actually showed up.  She shared a few whispering sessions with a couple of other people at the restaurant and not until I gave her a look to ask what's up that she told me that there was some "confusion" with the tables and that we could either sit outside (not the best view) or wait 30 minutes for a table inside.  Desperate for some dinner since it was already getting late, we chose to take the outside table.  Needless to say, as good as the food was, it was hard to enjoy it when our table was next to a compost pail and our "music accompaniment" were trucks parking on the street. For what they charge at this place, the manager could have come out, offered a dessert or something for the inconvenience or at least an apology.  Not the best way to start our Madison trip.
5	Top of heap for Madison restaurants.  Cocktails were fresh and innovative and food followed suit.  Rivals great restaurants in Chicago.  Interior designer should be shot though - eclectic design that's incredibly confused and close to distasteful.
4	Nostrano can do (almost) no wrong. The food is fresh and creative and delicious (with the exception of the snapper brodetto, which was not very good when I had it). The cocktails are great. The desserts are inspired, particularly the olive oil gelato.
4	I took my girlfriend to Nostrano and we had a pretty good experience.  I had Whole Wheat Pasta With Lamb Ragu.  It was absolutely delicious.  My Girlfriend had red snapper with Clams and Mussels.  Another very good dish.  My only issue with Nostrano is the menu.  They have a very small menu.  So when you go there and they are out of certain dishes you might only have 3 things to choose from.  But overall, I would say give this place a try.
5	The fact that Nostrano doesn't have a solid 5 stars is a disappointment. It is my favorite restaurant in Madison. I completely disagree that it is overpriced. There are certainly more expensive place in Madison, and at Nostrano, I truly feel like I am getting what I pay for. The chef here is from a James Beard award winning restaurant in Chicago. (granted it didn't win a James Beard awards when he was there, but I think it reflects the standard it holds) I mention this because the food is not only delicious, it is thoughtful. It is artistic in every sense of the word, from the presentation, conscious of both color and texture, to the curve of the plate it is presented on.  The food changes with the seasons and is always fresh. The drinks are incredible and creative, ever changing. My favorite part is, you can tell the bartender what you are feeling like and he will make a drink to those specifications, just for you. If you don't like it, he will make you a new one, for free!  The drink making here is also masterful. They cut ice cubes to specifically fit the kind of glass you are drinking from. The staff is attentive without being obnoxious. They are well-versed on what they are serving you and can tell you where your food came from and why they are pairing it with whatever is on the plate. They aren't just there to serve you - they are there to educate you, if you so choose. Over, all the attention to detail, the comforting and inviting atmosphere, and the excellent staff make Nostrano the definition of a 5-star restaurant.
5	I was in Madison for Business and took my team (5 total) to Nostrano.  Menu is definitely new but being a foodie, I enjoyed it.My dinner started off with a Manhattan.  The bartender made it perfectly!  We skipped appetizers and moved to the main course where I ordered the Rabbit Gnocchi.  This dish was amazing, presentation 5 stars, flavor and taste 5 stars, and everything was prepared perfectly.  Entree 5 StarsI skipped dessert and chose to order a glass of Port.  The team ordered dessert and from where I was sitting, I was jealous.  Dessert looked great and everyone devoured them, leaving me with not even a taste.  One additional comment, between a Manhattan before dinner, a glass of Pinot Noir with dinner and Port after dinner.  Drinks were priced perfectly, not expensive at all and definitely worth it!Overall, I will go back every time I am in Madison and I will recommend this place.
3	The food was good, really awesome interior. Only fault was they didn't have many vegetarian options. That was a huge bummer.
1	I ate here with a group and was very disappointed with the meal.  The salad was just a large bunch of bib lettuce with a tiny bit of dressing.  The meat dish was very small and not worth the money.  I won't go again.
5	Might be the best food in Madison that is not a burger, brat, pizza or falafel sandwich. Great cocktails,amazing foodie-lovers Italian eats. Call ahead, the place is small--like just a little bigger than Cleveland's Lunch small.
3	Your meal will have many meats. If you are into that kind of thing, you'll love Nostrano.
5	Here is Madison for 10 days for work. On the first day, I stumble across this place. Looked like a great place to dine alone at the bar. Turned out to be a great choice an shave been back 2x since in the ten days in Madison. The bartender was friendly and food was delicious. On day 2, it was craft bar week and the tasting menu was not like your typical nyc Tasting menu. The portions were full portions with full beers!  What I'd recommend are the scallops and the braised pancetta. Amazing meals and I plan to be back on my many future trips here.
5	Too bad for me that I have been in Madison for a year and not visited this exceptional restaurant until this afternoon. I perused the menu online, and saw it was fresh, surprising and tempting. I expected the meal would be very good, and it was better than that, it was excellent. The entree, dessert and beer were each the best I have enjoyed in Madison, equal to any anywhere. I am living on Social Security, so can not indulge as I would choose, but I will return when I am able, and it won't be too soon.
4	Cool spot right next to the Wisconsin State House, where I found myself for business. Loved the bar, which had a funny hipster vibe. Had a cocktail made from their house jam that was great. The snapper brodetto was good too. I'll go back next time I'm in Wisconsin just for the cocktails.
5	So obsessed, I can't even handle it.My husband and I came for restaurant week, which was so nice because we really got to taste everything Nostrano has to offer. I knew it was going to be good when I read the menu, and all the Italian words were spelled correctly, ha.  I recommend doing the wine or beer pairings with each dish.  These people know how to pair wine.  The food was enhanced so much with the delicious bevvies.  The squash soup was so velvety and rich. Each spoonful tasted like liquid gold. Every once in a while you would come across a pumpkin seed, or bit of sage leaf that was so pleasantly surprising, it was like finding a dollar on the street, or a lost favorite pair of shoes in your closet.The snapper brodetto was the jewel in my opinion. The fish had a wonderful crust swimming in a chili/tomato broth with it's friends of mussels and clams.  Grilled bread accompanied the bowl to sop up the slightly spicy broth. It was so good, I even saw someone drink the broth when the food was gone.  Oh wait...yep, that was me.  I ended the meal with baked chocolate ganache, candied kumquats, meringue, and cinnamon gelato on toasted walnuts. The flavor profile was strong and complex, a bit more than I'm used to.  I was so excited to try something that challenged the idea of a traditional ganache by spicing it up with tangy kumquats and cinnamon gelato.  It's not something you would expect and was wonderfully refreshing.  The cocktails change all the time; and I am already planning my next visit to try some.  Until next time!
5	Oh. My. God.This place was fantastic! By far one of the best meals I have had in Madison. I went with a couple friends for restaurant week, and we were all completely blown away!The only thing that was a little strange was my dirty martini. I learned that they don't even carry brand name alcohol like Tanqueray, so the waitress suggested a gin from Chicago which had a very unique flavor - like cardamom, and it was not really what I was expecting. But it's ok, I can look past that.The food was SO good. To start I had a salad with picked pears and a walnut bread and my friend had the game bird terrine which was fantastic. For the entree I had the braised pancetta, a piece of pork belly served over a white bean stew with croutons. It was one of the best things I had ever eaten.... until I had dessert. The affogato was probably the best dessert I have ever eaten. Salted caramel gelato with hot espresso poured over it served with freshly fried donuts coated in salt and sugar. Amazing.The ambiance is pretty, it feels pretty fancy and hip, more like something you would find in a city, but I liked it.Overall our experience here was outstanding, and I would definitely return. I looked at the menu online and their restaurant week menu is quite a bargain at $35. The regularly priced items are quite expensive, so I think it's more of a special occasion restaurant. Someone mentioned it was more expensive than L'Etoile - that is false.
5	Battersby (Brooklyn) ruined my ratings system...so I'm going to put Nostrano in my "Madison" rankings. Why? Well, it's easily one of the top 2 meals I've had in this city...and it was all-kinds-of-delicious.Went for lunch for restaurant week. I was excited. Really excited. One of my friends has been hyping this up for months, so I had to see if her raves were true.We all shared the salumi plate--it was very good, although the pistachio salami was meh. Soppresata was delicious. So was the mousse AND pate.Apps: Squash soup with pumpkin seeds and chocolate spaetzle. Divine. Smooth, delicious, amazingly good. No pepper required! I could live on this stuff...or drink it. Daily.Main: Orechiette with pesto, broccolini, pecorino and spicy chicken sausage. Again--unbelievable. Perfect level of heat, spectacular fresh basil pesto and wonderfully tender sauteed broccolini. Oh. My. God. And that pasta? Delicious. Dessert: Affogato with bombolini. The mini donuts (bombolini) were incredible. I mean--just absolutely delicious. Compared to the caramel gelato with sea salt in a shot of espresso? Well, they were still delicious (tricked you). Everything was just...amazing.I will go back...when my wallet feels up to it. But all this incredibleness for $15? Jeez.
5	Went here a months ago on a cold and rainy evening for dinner and I can't say enough about the quality of food this restaurant serves. I had their Braised Pancetta (pork belly, kale, etc) and my husband had the Orecchiette (fennel sausage, brussels sprouts, etc.) . . . DE-LI-CIOUS. The restaurant is small (like several other locations in Downtown Madison) and intimate so I wouldn't recommend it for groups larger than 4.
5	Every dish seems to be a home run and always fine the service to be very friendly.  A very interesting menu the is executed flawlessly.  Can make a valid claim as the best in Madison.
5	We ate there for lunch, whereas the prices are substantially cheaper than dinner for the same fare.Our food was absolutely wonderful. This was one of the most enjoyable meals I have ever had in Madison and come to think of it, anywhere. The pastas were excellent and our desserts among the best I have ever had after traveling the world eating very well.
5	Usually I take a few days before writing a review, but I feel particularly hyperbolic after what just happened. Is this what true love feels like? Day to day I am superbly cost conscious but at Nostrano I indulged in opulence and felt neither guilt nor regret. Order an appetizer. Order a drink. Order a main, and definitely order dessert. Everything is good. What is the word for something that is both surprising and familiar? Nostrano does this really well. I had the orecchiette with fennel sausage, brussel sprouts, parsnips, and a sauce that came from heaven. Every bite was like seeing through space and time. The espresso is transcendental -  it comes with a surprise dessert pairing.  Was it a dark chocolate covered espresso bean? A crispy pizzelle?? No!!! It was a piece of pear jelly rolled in sour sugar, and it was mouth-watering, palette-cleansing, and like nibbling on a grownup fruit roll-up.  They have so many types of gin, gin that tastes like flowers, gin that tastes like plums. For the appetizer, the salumi board, there were two types of liver. I ate everything, and I hate liver.Now that I've sufficiently hyped this place up, forget everything I just said and go see what it's like for yourself already.
3	Food was ok, little portions, and over priced
4	Food was well done and well presented.  The grilled octopus was cooked just right. And the main dishes and dessert were quite good.  On the pricy end but was good for taking my wife there for her birthday dinner and a special evening.
3	Menu is very limited, to the rare extent that I had trouble finding something I wanted. The dish I eventually did pick out (mushroom pasta) was pretty excellent; it seems pretty apparent that they're making their own pasta in-house. I can't think of another place anywhere where you'll find the ingredients actually infused into the pasta. They also have a very good understanding of the meaning of the phrase "al dente." 1 minute less and it would have been undercooked, 1 minute more and it wouldn't have been al dente anymore. Keep in mind that the portions are pretty small.However, the service was extremely rude and uninviting. The waitress made more than a couple snarky remarks for absolutely no reason, to the point that I was about ready to make a scene about it. Interesting fact about this place - you can buy a six-pack for the kitchen staff. Felt like a pretty good use of money that otherwise would have went into the tip.
5	Amazing! A perfect place for a birthday dinner! Drinks, apps, and dinner were all delicious and representative of the 'in season' availability. Grilled octopus  was the most tender i have ever had! More importantly, I asked for a special dessert to accommodate someone who was lactose intolerant and it was 'to die for' - olive oil cake, grapefruit, oranges, Meyer Lemon sorbet, candied fennel...a perfect combination of winter fruits and yummy cake! It was an absolutely perfect evening!!!
4	My husband and I had a gift certificate there, which was great because this is a pricey place. The service is excellent and the food is mostly to die for. We had the squash soup and the scallops as appetizers, and both were totally amazing. My husband got the lamb parpadelle and I got the tagliatelle. The reason this is not a 5 star review is because I was not blown away my my tagliatelle. It was so close to being great, but was just fairly bland -- honestly, it could have been something as simple as just not having enough salt. Other than that, everything including drinks and wine were fantastic. Dessert was great, although again my husband's affogato was far better than my basque cake. Go there, and get the affogato. One of the best desserts I've ever sampled. I want to go back and get my own!
5	"The people of Madison shall make a pilgrimage to the great restaurant, and bring their famine and strife to the wooden tables. But the cooks shall vanquish the hunger of the masses and the cups will runneth over with exquisite craft cocktails until all forget their misfortunes of days past." - Nostra[no]damusSo it is written, and Nostrano is the consummation of the prophecies of old. "...their nostrils will be filled with the fragrance of savory snapper brodetto and grilled guinea hen. The braised pancetta will melt upon their tongues and the desserts of ganache and affogato will delight their palates."
5	Wow. Wow. Wow. Mille grazie to Corey D for suggesting Nostrano for lunch. It was a very welcome respite from the gloomy tunes playing outside. The reviews are stellar and on point, so I don't think I need to go into too great of detail. Allow me to give you just a few snippets...Decor: Is lovely, homey but still modern and minimalist. Large slab tables and a few booths, cool shutters and windows displayed on the wall and a beautiful bar.Menu: Also nicely edited. A small but mighty menu that will likely have something for various tastes. Do yourself a favor and get the orecchiette. It is beautiful - a moderate lunch sized portion is still ample and filled with perfectly cooked ears of pasta and sprinkled with delightful fennel sausage bits, root veg and a few greens. It is just smashing. Service: Friendly, knowledgeable and leaves you to enjoy your meal. Just what I was looking for. Do not overlook the desserts - the affogato is not to be missed! I mean, really, who would be able to pass up caramel gelato, sea salt, espresso, bombolini (donuts). Not this girl. I don't care how full you are, get the affogato.
5	We have been to Nostrano twice, a year apart, and both times it was amazing. Great cocktails, carefully made, great beer selection, and a fantastic chef/ kitchen that will amaze your tastebuds. Beautiful interior, good service. A top pick when I am in Madison. Be sure to make reservations!
5	Vies with L'Etoile for most elegant food in Madison (but at a lower price!).My boyfriend and I went here for Valentines Day dinner (actually the weekend afterward) and were amazed by every part of our meal. After asking for and receiving great recommendations from our server, we decided to split two entree dishes - rabbit and gnocchi.  Both were, in a word, delicious.  Though we were both stuffed after dinner, we couldn't resist getting the Affogato desert.  Truly a treat. A modern, quirky Italian treat.The ambiance was fancy, but also modern and somehow midwestern. The dinner-time look was candlelit dinner mixed with [hip] nostalgia with hints of Italy, sharp angles, and a farm. The clientelle were almost all date-goers.  Will definitely go back for another special occasion in the future.
5	perfectly prepared food
5	Again, a magnificent meal at Nostrano. I was very pleased to see the dinner hopping tonight, it has been underappreciated on other afternoons and evenings I've visited.This is a very special restaurant, a place that will not settle for anything less than the best in anything it serves. I want to make a special shout-out for Jessie, the bartender extraordinaire. As I told her this evening, I love to watch someone do their work with excellence, and she is excellent indeed. She has the subtleties and extra touches to make what she provides that extra special one longs for in one's cocktails and service. My only reservation is: the servers seem to lack the personality and style that befits such a wonderful restaurant. That's not to say they are not good, but seem to lack that extra quality that works for this great place.
5	Just as I said last year, this place is tops in Madison.  Went with my gf for a great meal.  Homemade egg pasta, morels, ramps...oh my!  For nothing else, just stop in for a dessert and coffee.  Amazing and creative options that will knock your socks off.
4	What can i say? The food was awesome!!!So delicate and flavors well matched. Yet I can't give it five stars. I would call nostrano American Italian fusion. The food is rather expensive though, even for a small eater like me, who usually eats half my portion, I was still hungry..Anyhow the desserts here are out of this world!!!! Very very good. Bar is alright, not a fan of the cocktails. The place is rather tiny and it's popular. So go ahead and make a reservation on opentable! It's better safe than sorry.
4	Very good food. Kind of expensive.
5	I cam to Nostrano for lunch with a friend and we did it up $100-$120 big. For our appetizer we ordered the panzanella which is basically toasted bread with fava beans, tossed with ricotta and what tasted like olive oil and herbs. It was good, whatever it had on it! For our entrees, we split the orecchiette with fennel sausage and brussel sprouts and the pappardelle with lamb ragu and a hint of cinnamon. They were very different, but both absolutely fantastic. My friend made orgasm-type faces the whole time, no joke. For dessert we got the basque cake and the baked ganache. The ganache was absurdly rich and wonderful. I didn't have much of a basque cake, but I do remember liking it! Not as much as the ganache though, cause nothing can live up to overwhelming chocolate!For drinks we both had two cocktails. I started with an old fashioned which was, as it should be, strong and bourbon-y. It came in a small glass with a large round ice ball which I absolutely loved. For my second drink I had a summery drink much like lemonade which, unlike the old fashioned, was sweet and perky. Absolutely delicious! Overall a wonderful meal. Definitely hurt the wallet, but considering the amount and quality of the food we got I would say that our lunch was an absolute winner!
5	This is really, really tough. I want to give Nostrano 4 stars (who says that?!), but I can't. Their lunch menu for Restaurant Week was mostly unchanged, and that's pretty disappointing to me--I expect more from a restaurant of Nostrano's quality.However, the entire meal was nearly flawless--service, food cooked perfectly, flavors amazing. So naturally, this poses a problem for me--unchanged menu, but superb food?Yeah, I'll stick with the 5 star rating.Everything was, as usual, delicious. The panzonella with summer squash, fresh bread, pesto and ricotta? Excellent. The orchiette with pesto and spicy sausage? Um, yeah...fucking awesome.And that bombolini with salted caramel gelato?! To die for. Nostrano, I've got your back. Outstanding.
5	Nostrano's lunch is fantastic. I just had their whitefish sandwich (accompanied with a glass of trippel karmeliet) and their basque cake with coffee. The food was all spot on and my server was friendly and not at all overbearing (which I find with many places). Nostrano has, in my opinion the best desserts in town. try them, all of them. Cheers.
4	The food is prepared at a very high gastronomic level.  Small place and somewhat intimate with nice ambiance.  Poor layout as there really are no "good tables" to be had.  Waitstaff was ok but slow - not up to the level of the food.  Went on our 30th wedding anniversary which we stated on arrival but seemed to be no big deal to them.
4	8/24/13 My wife and I celebrated our 14th anniversary by having dinner at Nostrano.  We agreed their meat board was the best we have ever had.  The salad was fresh.  The lamb pasta was flavorful.  The gelato dessert was tasty.  The service was professional, warm, and welcoming.  Their wine steward was our server and she helped pair a nice wine with each course.  My wife and I disagreed on what the Yelp rating should be.  She said 5.  I said 4.  I wish the pasta had contained more lamb.  The coffee was okay.
4	Had white fish sandwich for lunch. Yelp said it wasn't open but it was. Decent price. Had branzino instead of the white fish on the menu.
3	Great atmosphere and pacing, but the food just didn't measure up.  The menu has so much potential, but the food was just not "knock your socks off" which is what you'd expect at those prices.  We had the white gazpacho, salumi platter, rabbit and orecchiette.  Besides the over salted sausage in the orecchiette, none of the food was memorable.  I'll definitely give them another shot considering the atmosphere and pacing are perfect for a lingering dinner with good company.
3	My food was excellent. BUT it arrived cold--all of our pastas were cold and the service was not good at all. I got the zucchini pesto tagliatele--very flavorful though. The menu is limited, pretty much just pastas. The bruschetta was great.My bourbon cocktail was decent...but our main issue was the service. But try it for the pasta!! and the bread.
5	Dessert stop on our progressive dinner. We were late and they were supposed to be closed. We stopped in on the slim chance that we could still have dessert. They welcomed us with open arms. Jesse was our server and she was outstanding! I had the salted carmel gelato and it was outstanding! They serve the gelato with coffee over the top and fresh fried doughnuts. It was so delicious, I actually picked up the dish they served it in and drank the melted gelato. Super tacky... I know. You can't help it! My friend had the cheesecake. It was equally delicious. Creamy and sweet with tart raspberries. Jesse was wonderful and was polishing glasses while we were there. I couldn't help notice the care she took. She wanted everything to be perfect for us, her guests. Top notch service!!!!!
4	We spotted Nostrano whilst strolling around the Capitol, & recognized it from a recent list of Madison's 20 Hottest Restaurants. It lived up to its ranking. Cocktails were fantastic, my rum punch with hibiscus flavored ice cubes: now THAT'S what's up. The salad was just okay, but my girlfriends kind of brisket sandwich was great, & i think im comfortable saying that my whitefish sandwich was one of the best sandwiches I've had in as long as I can remember. 100 delicious flavors playing off of eachother, & drowning in sauce just the way I like it. Delicious. The place also has a great look to it. The only thing keeping me from posting 5 stars is the fact that I only had lunch there. If I ever make it back to Madison for dinner there & it delivers like lunch did, I might have to boost this baby on up.
5	Thanks to Yelp, we found this gem during a weekend visit to Madison. We're from Chicago, where some fine restaurants can be found, but Nostrano truly impressed. I chose the seafood Brodetto, and my wife had the Whole Wheat Pappardelle with lamb ragu, and we were both very pleased with our choices. After finishing our wine, we settled on a polenta copetta to share for desert with our cappuccino. It was wonderful, too. Such unique dishes, yet wonderfully done. Truly exceptional. Our server was Clovis, and she treated us very well, spending quite a bit of time with us and checking back often. All around great evening to cap off our day trip to Madison. We walked in on a Friday just as it opened at 5 pm, and were able to get a table.  However, the place was packed by the time we left, so I would recommend making reservations. I would definitely return to Nistrano on our next visit to Madison. That's the easy part. More difficult will be whether to try something else on the menu, or get exactly the same items again!
4	I visited for lunch on a Friday afternoon. It's a lovely building in a fun location. I had the Whole Wheat Pappardelle with lamb ragu. This choice was a delicious and comforting. The pasta is fresh and the ragu had so many layers of flavors going. I could eat this every day.  I passed on dessert, but the menu had some amazing choices--goat milk cheesecake--intriguing.  Service was very good as is the people watching on The Square.
4	First time visit to Nostrano was very positive.  The wait-staff was incredibly knowledgeable and attentive, the food was unique and tasty, and the bartender was very creative!  There's not a lot of seating, so if you're planning a night out here, I'd highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time.  The prices are inline with other downtown restaurants, so you shouldn't be too surprised when you get your check.  Overall, I will definitely return here on occasion.Enjoy!
5	Note: make reservations as seating is limited.I think my dinner at Nostrano during Madison Restaurant Week may have been the best food I have had in Madison. This restaurant is a gem.The waiter was incredibly nice and helpful. He was very knowledgeable on the wines and beers. We had a blast interacting with him, and I think he made the experience so much more positive.I ordered the orecchiette with game bird sausage, and the dish was scrumptious. The slices of fiore sardo added nice texture to the soft orecchiette. For dessert, I had the Gianduja Chocolate Cremeux, and I loved it. If you like milk chocolate and creme brulee, this is for you.The Sazerac was high quality, made with the rare Willet reserve (5 year single barrel rye), and I am definitely ordering more of their cocktails the next time I go.Nostrano is the anti-local local restaurant. If you're looking for Wisconsin-style food or a local brew, go elsewhere. I'm sure the restaurant uses local ingredients, but they definitely don't have your standard cheese curds and Spotted Cow. That said, the food is great as well as the service if you're willing to shell out the money.
5	This has to be the best food I've had in Madison so far. My roommates wanted to come here during restaurant week, and at first I was skeptical of their $35 pre fixe menu when most places were only $25. It was definitely worth it. We decided to try to get different things so we could try it all, and there was not a single thing we didn't like. I started with the cauliflower soup, and it was rich and creamy and full of flavor. My roommate ordered the brussels sprout salad, and it was incredible. I've never had brussels sprouts taste so good! My other roommate ordered the pate, which was also fabulous, and served with a fantastic side salad. The mains were also all great - from the orecchini with game sausage to the mushroom risotto to the snapper. The desserts also did not let us down - they were rich and elegant, and the perfect way to finish off the meal. We were so full when we finished that we had to call a cab home!I'd love to come back here, but it is a little bit pricey. I'll save it for my next big occasion. Again, best food I've had so far in Madison!
5	I've eaten here twice while visiting, both have been delicious and delightful. Attentive service with very interesting design elements-lots of cool repurposed industrial or farm equipment. Food is inventive with generous portions.  There are options for all tastes with lovely presentation. The bourbon collection is EXTRAORDINARY. 10, 12, 20 Van Winkle available, for example, with many other rare, high end bottles.  Absolutely worth a visit.
5	Brodetto, lamb papperdelle, and sea salt caramel affogato is all you need to know. SO DELICIOUS. The brodetto and the lamb papperdelle does have a bit of a kick to it, so brace yourself for it. My sister, nephew and I came here for lunch and it was an awesome experience. It was quiet and empty which is ridiculous. This place should be filled to the brim with customers because the food is delicious. The waitress was really accommodating towards my 1.5 year old nephew who was in a horrible mood because we took him from the children's museum to come here.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Madison.  The food is incredibly delicious.  Every bite is PACKED with flavor.  Each dish is beautifully plated with a variety of textures and flavors.  I highly recommend the whole wheat pappardelle with lamb and the pan-roasted quail.  Both dishes were so amazing my mouth is watering just thinking about how good they were.  I can't wait to come back to Nostrano!
5	Nostrano is our favorite restaurant in Madison. The sformato and quail were among the best things we have eaten in town. Brodetto and rabbit boudin blanc have also been good, but the smoked lentils beneath the quail should not be missed. For cocktails, we trusted our server's recommendation and had three glorious Fistfuls of Dollars. Impeccable service. Very quiet on a Tuesday night, with a beautiful view of the capitol.
3	Food quality is very good. Think modern chef-y Italian instead of mom n pop red sauce Italian and you get the general idea. I'd say 4 stars for the food. I knock my rating down to 3 stars because of the prices. To me, everything on the menu is priced a few dollars too high, and they really get you with the drink prices too. If a dinner for 2 with a couple drinks per person here came out to maybe $70-80ish, I'd give it a 4 or possibly 5 star rating. But I can't help but feel that Nostrano is a bit pricey for my general satisfaction level with the food.
3	The best part of my experience was the drink. The Jackman Punch was tart, sweet, and a little bitter. It was very interesting as well as refreshing.I ordered the $27  rabbit. The dish came out bland. The ginnochi and spinach was a nice touch, but the seasoning was not there. I don't mind small dishes as long as the quality is evident- this time it was not.The service was attentive and the space was inviting. 3 stars, for being overrated and overpriced.
5	Hands down our favorite fancy place in town!  We've been here for restaurant weeks, valentine's dinner, lunch/dinners.  Always so tasty and memorable.  I always eat and lick everything off my plate- the flavors are complex and carefully crafted to blend together well.  Robust and beautifully plated dishes.  I enjoy the orchietto pasta (sp?) and octopus salad.  Drinks are strong and unique.  Highly recommended as a place to take a special friend, co worker or date.  Not a large space so reservations recommended for dinner.
4	I have been here a couple of times for lunch.  The first time I was here for their Restaurant Week.  I had their pulled pork shank sandwich.  It was tasty, but I found it a bit greasy overall.  It was served open on a slice of bread.  I think they had drizzled olive oil on the bread before serving which made it heavy.  I was here this past Thursday for lunch with some friends.  It was pretty empty for lunch and this was evidenced by the fact that they only had one person working front of house.  I ordered their buckwheat tagliatelle this time.  It came with a poached egg on top and it was pretty tasty, but I would've preferred the tagliatelle cooked a bit longer.  Even though I like my noodles to have a bit of a chew, I found these noodles to be a bit hard.  It was still tasty though and the portion size just right.  If you're looking for a slow tasty lunch, this is a nice place.  Their desserts are also amazing, but they're really pricy.  I might have to make another visit come Restaurant Week time.
5	LOVE this place. Everything I've ever ordered here was above and beyond expectations. i'm not a dessert eater but i NEVER skip dessert here. I think it's the best restaurant in Madison.
5	This may be my favorite place in town. Dishes are imaginative and well portioned. Oh, and f'ing fantastic. Their cocktail, the Fistful of Dollars, is probably my favorite drink in town. Great, great spot.
5	"This is one of the best restaurants in Madison. It is a farm to table experience. Remember, the money you spend is going to support the hard working people of Madison, not jus in this restaurant, but the people that grow and produce high quality small batch foods. Much of it as I learned is coming from the relationships built talking to farmers/ranchers at the Madison farmers market. This is not mass produced fair you find at most eateries. It is not overpriced as some of the reviews expressed. If you want pre-prepared foods like, frozen chicken and frozen baby back ribs, and huge portions go to Chili's. The portion sizes are more than adequate, I am a big eater.FOOD: I have had several meals here and always wait to write reviews until I have done so. The preparation and presentation are exceptional, something I would expect from a much higher priced restaurant. I appreciate the attention to detail and the appreciation the chef's clearly have for the food they are putting on the plate. All accompaniments on the dishes I ordered, (Quail, Rabbit, Sturgeon) we made in house, sausage, gnocchi, yogurt, etc. stellar and complemented the dishes. WINE/DRINK: The wine selection is a short but diversified list of quality wines from notable regions. They focus on some of the older varietals of grapes. knowledgeable bartender that was able to clearly articulate the wine he was serving me as well as a depth of knowledge for Bourbon. Bitters made in-house, and it shows in the glass. Great selection of alcohol. Good bartender.SERVICE: I sit at the bar every time I eat here. I do not live in Madison, (Portland, OR) so I stop in each time I come to town. The service at the bar has been great for me. It is important for me to be able to have my questions answered, and I usually ask quite a few. If they are not answered well, I never come back, because service is %70 of the experience.ATMOSPHERE: Great attention to detail was paid to create an exceptional space, utilizing locally sourced furnishings. I appreciate this, as it makes the experience feel unique and quaint.Closing Note: I will stop in every time I am in town. Truly hope this family owned eatery is successful for a long time."
3	When I visited Nostrano the first time, years ago, I was not only impressed with the food but with the service as well. The food was delicious and our server had a vast knowledge of both the food and alcohol they served. They were very attentive and I was eager to visit again. If I was writing this review at that time, I would have given 5 out of 5 stars. Unfortunately over the years the quality of service has slowly declined. The staff isn't as knowledgeable nor as attentive. Our most recent visit to Nostrano today was extremely disappointing. It's Restaurant Week so I give restaurants a little slack on food quality and service. It's a crazy busy time so I imagine it is a stressful experience for the staff. However, when we arrived for our lunch reservations (a party of 4), only about 25% of the tables were occupied. It was pretty slow. We placed our orders right away, with my husband asking for his dessert to be boxed right up front, and the first course was delivered quickly. Our second course came about 20 minutes after our initial dishes were cleared away. A little long, but again, restaurant week, I'll let it slide. Our server was not super attentive to our table but our drink glasses were kept full by other staff members as they went by the table. Midway through our main course we advised our server that we were on a tight timeline and would need dessert and our bill soon. 30 minutes after the main course we still didn't have either and half our party had to leave to get back to work on time. The server refused to pack the dessert to go, even though that had been an initial request for one of the meals. The excuse was that the dessert wouldn't keep well; however, it surprises me that Nostrano wouldn't be prepared to send desserts home with their guests. Isn't that an age old tradition? Taking your dessert to go?Anyway, another twenty or so minutes later, still no dessert while the table behind us that came in during our main course is well into their own desserts. I had already left and by that time my husband had had enough. He expressed his dissatisfaction and left (even though we ended up paying for the full meal). Nostrano has always been the place we go when we get a date night. I'm sure we'll be back, but it won't be our first choice anymore.
5	I came here during a work trip that happened to fall on restaurant week, which in my hometown tends to mean smaller portions and lower quality.  Not at Nostrano, although I admit I've never been here before this. The cauliflower soup with mushrooms had a delightful smoky undertone, the ragu was spiced perfectly and delicately with cinnamon and pepper that complemented the shredded meat of the lamb, and the finale of affogato made for a perfect but not too filling end to the meal. I did a wine pairing that ended with some of the finest moscato I've ever enjoyed. The staff was knowledgable and helpful. I did ask the server if the pasta was homemade, to which she responded the ragu was not; for restaurant week they used ragu instead oftheir homemade pappardelle. It hardly detracted from the meal though. A wonderful experience overall, the only comparable experiences I've had happened in the hills of Tuscany.
3	Rude bartender. Stressed out wait staff. They need an attitude adjustment at this place. Food is good but they could really use a manager who can keep the staff upbeat and on the ball. $28 for a plate of food needs to come with the full package.
5	I think Nostrano is by far the best fine dining place I have tried in Madison. The waitresses were friendly and even the bartender was nice to greet you too (which I find it rare since you have waitresses to do that). The food is amazing and while I definitely prefer more choices due to my pickiness, I can see why this limited menu choice works so great in their favor. The risotto was packed with flavor despite how simple it sounds. I enjoyed the cocktails they had too.
4	Reservation needed, but we were able to dine at the bar. Specialty libations crafted with great success!Radish salad a must have!Main course of snapper in fennel tomato broth had every secret note of flavor, layer upon layer. Delicious!
3	Not impressed, look toward any of Madison's other establishments. The best thing about Nostrano was our friendly host and his effort to get us a table on an otherwise double-booked Saturday night. We promised him to order and dine quickly so they could have the table for the next party. We ordered 3 dishes and it took an hour for them to come out and they were warm rather than hot. The dishes were the Rabbit Boudin blanc and confit, Snapper brodetto, and Rigatoncini. They were just ok while the rabbit boudin tasted bland. I visited Pig in a Fur Coat earlier and ordered more dishes for a dollar less and left very happy and satisfied. To top it off our waitress had the personality of April in Parks and Recreation and although they apologized they didn't take anything off our bill. At first I overlooked our wait because the host said they were double booked but after noticing a few empty tables I wasn't very understanding.I hate to say this but I had a better time getting burgers at Dotty's for a fraction of the price.
5	Yes, as good as it gets. I regret not writing a review way earlier when I dined here in April. Bad Jesse bad Jesse. I'll start with the space. The layout of the restaurant is super cool. When you walk in the bar (which looks like a bar that I used to belly up to in East Village) is right by the door so you don't immediately have to stand face to face with a hostess or host upon entering. I like that! Not that there is anything wrong with being greeted by a host or hostess upon entering a resturant. Nastrano's layout is just unique. What also unique is the wine and spirit selection. The carefully selected wines and hand crafted cocktails really brought the whole bar program to the next level for Madison. Whoever selects the wines definitely knows what they are doing. I love a notable selection of boutique wines and bubbles without the pretentious or stuffiness.  The server made incredible recommendations to my partner. "if you like a sauvignon blanc try this Italian white" "This red blend drinks like a super tuscan and will pair well with seafood if you choose seafood for dinner". Also we had negronis made right. Equal parts sweet vermouth, campari, and gin.The quality of the bar ingredients were top notch and also carefully selected. Ok now for the food. The menu may seem a little intimidating for the average foodie but there was nothing intimidating about the knowledge and helpfulness from our server. Marinated olives were better than the olives I had in Sicily. Like others have written, the plating of dishes are as beautiful on the eyes as they are on the taste buds. We had the quail dish. Nice crisp skin and incredibly moist meat. Just the right amount of salt. The snapper dish was a home run too. I literally wanted to pick up the bowl and drink the brother that the snapper and squid where in. I didn't though. Instead, i sopped up that deliciousness with the grilled bread. Now on to dessert. This was the point of Nirvana at Nastrano. Sea salt and caramel gelato. Enough said. don't ask just try it and then order a second one. Trust me you will thank me for it.
