2	Not too sure what I think about this place.  The menu is EXTREMELY limited and way overpriced for chicken fingers and fries.  For lunch, I ordered a #2 combo which included 3 small chicken fingers, a handful of french fries, a slice of toast, and a small soda, which came to about $7.  I would have expected a lot better.I wouldn't waste my time coming back here, unless I was in the mood to spend my money on a less-than-mediocre meal.  I'd rather do McDonald's.
5	Ok people, In and Out has fab burgers and that's all they serve.. Raising Cane's has fab chicken fingers and that's all they serve.. for some reason In and Out is allowed to specialize but not this place? They aren't bland when you dip them in the yummy sauce that comes with them. Also this place is great for eating on a budget... the SO and I get the #3 (I think it's all of $7 or so), and it feeds both of us. Love the toast, love the sauce, love the fries. When I'm craving chicken fingers this is my go to place.
2	First the good:  The Texas Toast.  The okay:  The chicken fingers, the fries.  The okay but over-hyped:  Canes sauce.  It tastes like BBQ sauce mixed with mayonnaise.Now, the bad:  The place is way too noisy.  The muzak (up-to-date, but STILL muzak) is blasting.  The restaurant itself amplifies the din with hard floors, walls and ceiling.  And then the patrons seem to find it essential to shout at one another over the already intolerable noise.  It never occurs to people that I really DO NOT CARE about their personal issues with a family member or coworker, and I sure in blazes don't want to HEAR about it.More bad:  I don't care if Maryland and Tropicana ARE homeless central.  When I need to/want to use the restroom, I shouldn't have to go request a key from the cashier.  I won't return, no matter how hungry I get, and not even to give Cane's another chance because of the locked restrooms.
4	A simple 5 item menu with a few items as add ons, sweet tea, and a peppery cane's sauce that's great with the fingers. Friendly service, much better than some of the random McDonalds or Carl's Jr. The cashier was really cool and gave great 1 on 1 service. And the food was really good. I'd get my chicken sandwich from here over KFC or Popeyes anyday; and I stopped here because it was near my bank and I had the munchies. The story behind this place is that for a business class in LSU a professor gave the assignment to create a company that utilized every aspect of business and make a proposal. So two students made up Cane's Chicken Fingers, and the professor shot the idea down and said that it would never work.... guess they proved that guy wrong.So enjoy raising some chicken fingers to the man for me!
4	For a place that has 5 things on the menu and a "boss" sauce that I can put on any part of my meal purchased here, this place makes the grade (and I secretly wish there were something like this closer to the office).Agreed with Kevin P. - friendly, quick service that is better than most fast food establishments (regardless of whether you're in Vegas or not!), and they DO give personalized service. I think that it's a part of the training...even if the things they say are scripted, they actually say it and sound like they mean it. :)I just went to the website - the story is pretty cool. The founder was basically shot down by his professor and the banks, saying that there was no way you would succeed with a chicken finger restaurant. And now he's laughing all the way to the bank with 80 locations in 13 states. 4 shakas!
4	I'm usually not a huge fan of chicken, but Raising Cane's does some mighty fine chicken fingers.  The sides of TX toast and fries are also worthwhile, as is their sweet iced tea.  You feel fat in a good way after eating here.
5	Raising Cane's has to be some of the best Fried Chicken strips available out there today. I frequent this particular "Cane's" on Flamingo whenever I have the urge to step off my diet. Now remember, this is Fried Chicken, so if you eat it occasionally, it won't be too bad for you. I recommend ordering number 1 or number 3. Three is the largest box of strips and fries, but can easily be shared with another person. Of course, I have friends that can pound the number 3 by themselves, but I am a lightweight I guess. Number 1 is just about right and is worth the price. Also, if you are a student or police officer of some sort, you can definitely get a discount on your meal. I think it's about 70 cents. Give it a try because it's not like any of those other Fried chickens you find out there.
5	This place was next to the Target and looked interesting. I tried their box special that included chicken strips with sauce, texas toast, cole slaw, fries and a lemonade. Everything cooked was piping hot and the cole slaw was nicely chilled. The lemonade was very tasty and they also used crushed ice which is really good. They really do cook the chicken after you order it. I highly recommend this place.
5	I love this place, it's where, "The chicken is kickin, the sauce is boss and the toast is the most!" I got pretty excited when they opened this location so I didn't have to trek somewhere further away. If you haven't been here before, think of it as the In N Out of chicken fingers. That's what I like about it, I already know what I'm going to get, chicken fingers!! The staff are friendly, they actually look you in the eye AND they speak English!
2	Based on the other reviews I am confused. Maybe it was a fluke or someting, but I am from California and I grew up in Texas, yet I've had better chicken strips at McDonalds. They were was bland and didn't have much favor at all.  The fries were ok but reminded me of cafeteria fries.  The dipping sause was really good, but everything else was just not that good. Plus, there was a large group of teenagers there being way loud and annoying.
3	Just had lunch at Cane's here on Flamingo and once again it's ok but nothing to write home about. Check out what I think:Sweet tea is great!French fries are crinkle cut and nothing excitingChicken Strips....: Eh... they are ok. Personally I hoped for more taste and flavor. Personally the strips are not that excitingTexas toast: It's toast that is the size of Texas... need I say more? I go only because it is close to school and personally I am tired of everything they have on campus.
4	Pros:Some of the best chicken fingers there is.Good sweet tea.Good garlic toast.Cons:TOO MANY CALORIES. :(Cane's sauce is kind of gross.Only 4 meals available which all consist of different amounts of the same thing.Raising Cane's I love you but you could at least have some hot sauce available.
2	I really don't get it.The good:+The service is great & employees are really friendly.+They have good ice.+They have Splenda.+Texas toast is pretty good.The not-so-good:-Where's the flavor in the chicken?  Please brine that meat or at least put some salt in the coating.  I'm surprised that a place that does one thing doesn't do it better.-The sauce.  I just don't like the flavor.-The fries.  I didn't like the temperature, texture, or flavor.-Locked bathrooms.  Gross to wash your hands and then have to take that dirty key (wrapped in a paper towel, of course) back to the counter and then go eat.  I don't like food-handling employees having to touch that dirty key over & over again, either.
5	They have hot sauce now.
3	This is the other Raising Cane's I've visited (the other in Grove City, OH) and the complaints are much the same... it's a little pricey, the sides lack flavor (especially the fries), and the staff just don't seem to give a sh*t about being there and have no care that you can tell.But if you've got a craving for mechanically separated chicken breaded up all tasty-like, you'll probably manage to enjoy this place!
2	My 2nd time here. And I still think chick-fil-a is 100x better. This place has one item on the menu. Chicken fingers (and a sandwich i don't feel like trying). They only have their Cane's sauce (a tangy, chipotle mayo mix i didn't like) and Louisiana hot cause. The fries are the ruffled ones (too soggy) and the Texas toast isn't good at all (soggy as well and needs garlic or something to make it taste better). All in all the chicken is pretty solid. It's not great by any means - I'll pass going forward unless I am craving chicken and no nuggets / chick-fil-a is around.
4	Memo to self-Raising Cane's is consistent across locations.  Paste in review of location on S. Las Vegas Blvd. here:wtf?  Where is my review of the one on S. Las Vegas Blvd. from like 2 years ago?!  It went something like this:Do one thing and do it well.  Some chains take this approach and do well with it.  In & Out for example.Raising Cane's does the same with chicken fingers.  Great chicken fingers.  Fries.  Texas toast.  That's it.  But they do it really well.Well enough that if I'm in a hurry for lunch (fast food time) I will choose Raising Cane's over the McWendyKing's of the world every time.
3	If you're looking for chicken wings, you're at the wrong place, read the name of the restaurant...it's literally just that.Checked out Raising Cane's one night, came in around 10:55pm.  We ordered our food to eat for here but the cashier asked the manager if we could still eat there since they close at 11pm but  the manager said we could stay as long as we wanted, pretty much since their drive thru is open till 1am.  Very cool dude, appreciated the great attitude and customer service from a fast food joint for once.  Actually, they cashier and the other staff we encountered were way friendly and cool.The Chicken Fingers were alright, can't say they were outstanding or anything.  The CF from KFC probably have a little more flavor but that's just me.  The CF came with one kind of sauce.  Couldn't figure out exactly what the flavor was, it was kind of like a cross between Thousand Island dressing and the sauce from Chick-Fil-A.  It was good but, I would've rather had Honey Mustard or BBQ.The rest of the food...the Fries, Texas Toast and Slaw were pretty basic.  I did however love how they offered Sweet Tea in their beverage selection.
4	Where the sauce is the boss and the toast is the most. Canes chicken doesn't have anything really spacial about it and the fries are not anything exciting either. But the sauce is amazing i have to get four extra every time to dip my chicken and my fries in it. I am a fan of slaw but canes slaw is pretty bland so I usually substitute more toast for the slaw.
4	My first meal in "Sin City" has landed my appetite in not only one of the hottest bookmarked businesses in Las Vegas; but a fast food joint  that I don't see back home. Raising Cane's are one of the many businesses that Las Vegas have that the Bay Area or the entire state of California don't. Maybe one day that founder Todd Graves will work on expanding the franchise to California. Hopefully, the Bay Area will be first. I was here and ordered the "3-strip" Combo. For $6.99, I get three battered boneless chicken breast strips, with a side of fries, spicy dipping sauce and a thick "Texas-Style" grilled toast. I usually get chicken strips from businesses like Popeye or KFC, but Raising Cane's version are a tad better than the other competitors. I also get a fountain soda (Coke) with my meal. My lunch: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZFyJ83LJkkO1dP82kzXKNg?select=oiFbSMhV9l4Uiz7DgTb52gThe meal wasn't too bad to jumpstart my visit in "Hot" Las Vegas. As I was enjoying my lunch, I was admiring the picture of Snoopy embracing with his master Charlie Brown. "How cute!"The picture: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ZFyJ83LJkkO1dP82kzXKNg?select=OwGMpqVXfe-ovM2tad-YPQ
3	3 stars. This is why:1. Not enough french fries. They are good but you have to eat them right away. Do  not let them get cold. 2. Grill the toast on both sides. 3. Coleslaw was a little mediocre. Needs more tang and flavor4 The fingers were moist and flavorful but they were not as big as the commercials portrayed them. Very fresh. I agree5. Canes sauce?? - I am on the fence on this one. I do not love it but I do not hate it  at the same time. Really weird. I expected a lot form this place.  I will try it again sometime.
3	I've heard a lot about this place and the reviews were stellar so on my last trip to Vegas I decided to give them a shot. For fast food it is good, but there are a million bars and restaurants that have better chicken fingers. I will say that the chicken itself was very moist, tender and juicy. They get credit (and the 3rd star) for that. Unfortunately the breading was very bland and tasteless and the sauce was only okay.Be prepared, the ONLY thing this place sells is chicken fingers and a chicken sandwich made from chicken fingers. So if you are eating with someone who might want a burger or something else you will need to go elsewhere.I was quite disappointed that they didn't appear to have a selection of sauces. I would have preferred a good BBQ sauce to their Canes Sauce, but considering the lack of options on their menu I guess their business plan is to tell people what to eat rather than let them decide what they want for themselves.Again, not bad I guess for fast food, definitely better than the chicken strips at Burger King or Jack-in-the-Box (not that the bar there is set that high) but if you really want good chicken fingers you can do much better.
5	This is my chicken finger fix!!! Kid's meal for $3.99 and life is good. The staff is always super fun. Sometimes they sing to you.. The staff at this location has offered me a rap on what to order, they make my day:] I don't get chicken fingers anywhere else because I know I will be disappointed. Here, they are so simple and that's what makes them so good. Juicy, tender, & flaky breading. Pair this with their magical sauce... Yeah, you'll be back. I think I am the only person to visit Cane's to not have their sweet tea or Texas toast.. Perhaps sometime in the near future..
5	Yummy!
5	okay soooo i am weird because i REALLY don't like chicken. i know that everyone likes chicken and even people who don't really like meat usually like chicken but i am just not a fan of the stuff. anyway, that said, i love raising cane's, and all they serve is chicken. they make one thing and they make it very well. we have no raising cane's in the chicago area, sooo we ate here twice for lunch on our last trip to vegas. i'm not ashamed! this place is delicious. the chicken just tastes FRESH and it is served with yummy texas toast, crispy fries and a delicious dipping sauce. mmm. now i'm hungry.
4	I'm not a fan of fast-food, I make an exception for In-N-out, because it's not really fast food if they make it fresh to order without freezers and heat lamps.I always assumed Cane's was like KFC. I was still hestitant after my husband insisted it wasn't. After much reluctance I finally gave it a try.Shhh! I liked it. Yep, that's the truth. In-N-out is no longer alone. I had the three finger combo. The chicken was all white meat lightly breaded and fried crisp. It was not greasy, just crisp on the outside and juicy inside. I enjoyed the peppery-ness of the sauce, but I was missing smoke flavor. I suppose I'm too used to BBQ sauce. Still, tasty, however.Even the sides were good. The crinkle fries were crisp and fluffy in the center, just the way I like them. The Texas toast was fresh and light, with a brush of butter and garlic. Yum.
4	Lemmmee tell youu... I'm from so cal where we have chick fil-a the home of the chicken sandwich. And ever since I moved to Vegas, I had to search for tender chicken for my fix. Because unfortunately Vegas doesn't and will never have a chick fil-a. Then, I came across raising canes. I can say I've found my tender chicken. It's not exactly a sandwich, although they do have sandwiches.. It's about the tender chicken tenders! And what makes them unique is their sauce, which apparently is the boss. Also they have sweet Texas toast and sweet yummy-tea to top it all off. This specific location was pretty sweet itself. It was my first time at this location and I was duper craving it. I decided to take drive thru cus I have this thing about going in restaurants by myself (it's not a problem, it's jus personal). Anyway, the wait was a little long. But because of the genuine service I didn't mind the wait at all. Great service always makes the food taste the way it should.. And I'm always lookin for that service.
4	For those that read my last review on Rio buffet knows that I was in Vegas last week.  So while driving around town in Vegas I've passed by and noticed a huge "Cane's" sign.  Not sure what that was so the moment I got back to the room, I've decided to look them up.  There I realized that it's not "Cane's", but Raising Cane's Chicken Finger Restaurant.  So being a curious foodie that I am... I had to make a point to check them out before I'm heading back to good ol LA.My initial reaction... chicken finger restaurant?  What the?  I really got to go see it.  Upon my arrival (10:50am), There were like 3 people getting some food in front of me.  The location is right on Flamingo and near Maryland Pkwy which you can't miss, and it's super clean!  (Sorry for the sidetrack but I'll focus now!)So the interior was squeaky clean to me!  Perhaps it was early in the day but it definitely smelled really good, super clean, very pleasant.  So now I'm approaching the counter.The clerk was extremely courteous!  Very nice touch because I'm a sucker for service!  I told her that this is my first time here and that I'm from LA, and she gave me a good quick run down on the business history and what they offer...  I'm sure they were part of the procedure but nevertheless it's interesting to hear.Very simply menu... it's pretty much 3 pcs of chicken with toast, fries, cole slaw and sauce, the 4 pcs version, or the Caniac (6 pcs version which was their large combo)  Having people in my party I had to get the 6 pcs with 2 sauces...Here's how the food tasted...  Chicken finger was great!  Solid chicken pieces, freshly prepared, but to me it was slightly small that I would have liked for the price (which I'll get to in a minute).  Crinkle fries were pretty good... (I don't complain much about fries as they are my favorite, but I don't like steak fries too much because it's like eating an entire potato)  Cane sauce was decent, it was pretty much a hybrid of mayo based sauce mixed in with chili of some sort.. not too salty which is great with a little kick to it.  Texas toast was a thick piece of loaf with very little garlic butter on it, and the cole slaw was a cole slaw... nothing out of the ordinary and mediocre at it's best.  It also came with a drink though... (They got southern sweet tea which was pretty sweet!  LOL!) The total of my meal came out be just under $9... it's little steep for me but the experience was very positive.  Again the chicken tender pieces could of been either bigger, or they could have substituted for more pieces considering that we are paying $9 bucks, but I have to say the quality of the chicken was very good and will definitely visit them again in the near future when I go back to Vegas.So the history was about a guy writing a business plan on opening a chicken finger only restaurant, but was shot down by his professors, countless bankers, and eventually, worked hard a a day job and saved enough money so he can make his dream come true... Very inspiring if you ask me!  So maybe this review may not be as funny as others, but do remember that as long as you put your heart in doing what you love to do, work hard and not give up, you will eventually be rewarded!
4	You gotta love fried chicken!!! And the strips from Canes are amazing!  You could call it Amazing Canes!  Haha...  OK, so all they have for meat is chicken fingers and they do it oh, so well.  They also have great cole-slaw, Texas toast, crincle cut fries and there special sauce.  And if your a lover of sweet tea they have that as well.  So the menu is not extensive but what they do have they do very well!!! If you want a new chicken experience and haven't tried Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers I suggest that you do! It's the place where the toast is the most and the sauce is the boss!
4	I would love to see some side options happen here.  Like some mac n cheese, sweet corn or corn bread. Ya know? To be quite frank, the coleslaw sucks!  But other than that, the combination of fried chicken strips, Texas toast, fries, and Cane's sauce is a perfect and affordable lunch or dinner option.The chicken is always hot and juicy.The Texas toast is a carb-o-holics new obsession.I always switch between the3 finger combo: 3 chicken fingers, fries, & texas toast ORBox combo: 4 chicken fingers, texas toast, slaw, & friesJust all depending on how hungry I am.
2	This is a real typical fast-food chain place.  Strips are ok, drink is ok, fries are pretty bad and the toast is ok.  Not so sure why there are so many good reviews for this chain.  Maybe compared to other fast-food places?  I don't know.  But compared to a real southern-style restaurant that serves fried chicken?  Not even close.  Just completely pass on this.  Especially in Vegas as there are a ton of great places to eat in this town.  I only went  'cause it was late at night and I didn't feel like dealing with the "hip" crowd that night.
5	I wish I could give them MORE than 5 stars!  They do ONE thing.  Chicken. and they do it BRILLIANTLY.  The Texas toast is amazing, I always end up stealing my husband's toast from his order.When I moved to Vegas from San Diego, I was sad at leaving Chic-Fil-A behind.  No longer does I haz a sad.  ;)Staff are friendly, cheerful and HELPFUL.  Place is always immaculate, and there's always at least one person in the lobby area busing tables and wiping things down.Sweet Tea - don't pass it up, it's awesome.And to the one critical review I see below, may I say that if scads of people are saying it's great, and YOU happen to not agree... well perhaps it's YOUR perception that's off?  You mentioned being there late at night - perhaps your perceptions were "chemically altered"?  :)Anyway - amazing, amazing, and terrific.  Don't miss it!  :D
4	I LOVE chicken.  It's one of my favorite foods, especially chicken fingers.  We were in Vegas for a birthday, and the birthday boy had another friend pick up a dinner box from Raising Cane's for him before we went out to the club that night.  Since I love chicken I asked if I could have a piece just to try.  I ate it plain, I usually don't put a lot of sauces on my chicken fingers.  I would have to say it was ok, and I was really buzzed when I took a bite.So the next day, I'm still craving chicken.  We decide to go to Raising Cane's again, but we will eat there.  We went there and the line was pretty long for a fast food restaurant and the dining room wasn't the biggest (maybe sitting 30 people), so we tried to decide which meal to get, our group was six people, thinking the tailgate would be enough.  After more thinking, we just decided to get our own meals.  I shared with my bf, I forgot which size we got but I ate about three chicken fingers.  I would have to say it tasted better than the night before, plus I tried it with the Cajun dipping sauce each platter comes with, I liked it.  The sauce was a mayo base with Cajun spices mixed it with it, simple one may think, but it's what made the chicken taste even better.  The fries that came with the meal were decent and didn't outshine the chicken.  I didn't eat the cole slaw, I don't like it, but my bf did and he thought it was one of the best he has had.  I took a nibble on the toast but all I couldn't anything on it.  And the sweet tea wasn't bad either.  Not too sweet, not too bitter.I will totally come here again, but will not get it to go because it tastes a lot better at the restaurant than eating at the comforts of your hotel room.  There are other Raising Cane's in the area too.  I think many of them are build ab round major colleges, this one near UNLV.  So if you like Louisiana-style fried chicken finger or get sick of eating a buffets in Vegas go to Raising Cane's.
2	I love raising Cane's and the food is always excellent and the service is usually good. Except this one, worst service of all the Vegas Raising Cane's. The girl at the register was more interested in trying to help her friend fill out an application than listen to my order. People at the counter just talking while all the empty tables were dirty or had garbage on table. Too bad, I hope this one gets an overhaul soon because I will just keep taking tourists to the store on LVB by the outlet or to In-N-Out instead.
5	Fast fresh food. Alot of food for the price. The sweet Tea is delicious. And the location couldnt be better.
5	Yum!  Since I don't do burgers - I love a place that does good chicken!  The sauce is tasty, the breading is delicious and the bread is always tasty and the fries are even good.  I generally get The Box with a Sweet Tea which is always too much bread and fries for me, but the chicken is so good!I also love that you can get a gallon of the sweet tea to bring home!  I am sipping on some right now, and it has been days since we went there!
4	I am staying in Las Vegas on the strip.  I grow weary of buffet foods and went on to Yelp to find something new and different that was off the strip.  Based on what I read I went to Raising Cane.  This place is a fast food format restaurant that serves chicken fingers, fries, and texas toast.  The food was very good, and the service was fast.I now have a happy full stomach.  I'll be back.
3	This was my first visit here and it was pretty good. Here is the deal, it is fast food, but there is always room for variety.Chicken tasted much better than most fast food chicken.
4	Love Raising Cane's. I ordered the Box and ate it all. Super delicious chicken and Texas toast. The fries are ehhh but everything else, including the people that work here, is good. My only complaint is the small parking lot. It gets pretty busy here sometimes and it's hard to find a spot.
4	Out of the 5 or so RCCF's around Las Vegas I like this location the best.  The staff here have always been friendlier than the other ones.  The chicken fingers as good as any...Be a Caniac Maniac!!!
5	I love this place! Their food is do delicious and not too badly priced! The people who work there are always nice and friendly! Try this place and you won't be sorry! :)
5	WHERE: Flamingo & Maryland Parkway (right by UNLV)WHY: I have a strong gut feeling that this may be the best Cane's location out of the Las Vegas chain! Haha.WHAT:  I have previously written a review about one of the other Cane's locations, but this is my absolute favorite location! The reasons behind my judgement is that the customer service is the best, the food is the best, and it stays 100 percent consistent!The handful of times I have come here, I have never been let down.  There are times when the fries are either too salty, too soggy, or too crispy. Or times when the chicken fingers just don't taste how they should be tasting. But! Never has any of these incidents happened to me here!! I just may be their number one fan and proud!The manager was an absolute sweetheart! I had forgotten my Caniac Club card, and he made it easy to accommodate me! There was one time I had forgotten my card at one of the other locations, and I couldn't redeem my box combo there! They had told me to email and or contact Cane's Corporate!! & sure did!In summation, before I go off rambling about how much I love this location, STOP BY, ORDER SOME TOAST & SWEET TEA, AND HAVE A MARRY DAY! =D
4	Chicken is melt in your mouth!Food was great, but the experience was made by the Manager on Duty! She was the happiest fast food manager I have ever come across, especially in the drive thru. Another great thing is I know the food was fresh, how you ask... it was still hot when I got back to my office 10 min away. The value is there, because it is great food, at a reasonable price!Great Service, Great Staff!
4	I was hungry late at night and wanted to see what was good around my neighborhood so I checked Yelp and came across Raising Cane's. After one experience with Raising Cane's I realize that I've been living in Las Vegas for about a month now and only discovered this place just now?Anyway I had "the box combo" seeing as how it was the most popular choice and I guess I can see why. To briefly sum it up I really liked the chicken fingers which are amazing when had with the Cane sauce. The fries were pretty good and there weren't overly salty or greasy compared to others that I've had. Coleslaw I didn't care too much for and lastly the Texas Toast was a nice touch to the meal.
2	Nothing special- i had betterfries- plain/bland -nothing specialspecial sauce- had bettertoast-so- so sweet tea- very good (only thing worth while on the menu)chicken fingers- two words "child please" (nasty)cashier- no commentI will not be returningsn- good thing Chick -Fil -A isn't in town, because you would be put out of business
5	The best chicken strips + chicken strip sandwiches! Everything was hot and fresh and we went to eat at like 11pm! I was amazed! Must try if you are in Las Vegas! It's off the strip but worth the drive!
4	Good Simple Food. A great lunch spot just off the strip. The Texas toast rocks! Don't be surprised that half the patrons are under 12.
2	Came to Vegas for a basketball tournament. Most of the coaches were raving about Cane's and said it's the first place they go to when they come to town and they eat here about 5 times during their stay. After hearing that, I knew we had to check this place out... Well, we were disappointed. Maybe it was hyped up too much, so our expectations were too high...I found the chicken to lack flavor and really be no better than any other place serving chicken fingers. The sauce was good and that definitely gave the chicken the flavor it was missing. The texas toast is okay, the sweet tea is really good.. Loved it...I would only go here again if my kids absolutely begged me to.. Otherwise, I'm good....
5	Mmmmm. Yummy secret sauce. Dippin the chicken, swimmin the fries, and soaking the bread in it.I've been to Cane's in New Orleans, Columbus, and Vegas. The crew at this store are super friendly and helpful - as is true with ALL the stores.
3	This place is way over-hyped. It was like hearing how "Citizen Kane" is the best movie ever made and then watching it. Sure you think its great but you wish you could have formed your opinion. Raising Cane's was ok. The tenders were served piping hot; however, the fries are not very good. The iced-tea was SWEET, like I needed an insulin shot afterward. I couldn't stop thinking about those "diabeetus" commercials with Wilford Brimley. I ended up having to wash the tea down with Sprite. Yes, you read that correctly.Giant plus: the servers were hilarious/kind and gave us a good ribbing for being out-of-towners. I would go back just for that.
4	Yummy chicken!! I love chicken strips but I tend to end up tossing the fries away
4	The lemonade is tasty and the chicken fingers are consistently good. Not a fan of the cole slaw so I get extra Texas toast or sauce instead. I suggest getting a large lemonade because you have to pay for refills. I think the chicken fingers are better when you eat here. The to go container makes everything soggy.
4	If this place only served Texas Toast and fries I would be plenty satisfied. The chicken and sauce is bomb! I need to come here more often. It's one of those places that is easy to forget how good it is, so when you do return it is as good as the first time! lol! The bf is more of a fast foodie than I am and warned me that other Canes are not always as good as this one though. Good thing this is the one closest to us! The only reason I had to knock off a star is because of the service. Although we did get our food in a timely manner, they seemed to be very unhappy. I understand that not everyone can be happy with their job, or may just be having a bad day, but being polite never hurts...
5	You will never get better treatment than from Taylor. THE best and most enthusiastic, and sincere service in my life. Oh yeah, the food is fresh, well prepared and very tasty. If you can find a better fast food eating experience...HA! You won't. Loved it-Thanx Taylor!
4	I never knew chicken fingers could be this yummy. Better than any I have ever had. Does not even seem like "fast food"...besides the atmosphere of course.I hardly ever eat fast food, but these chicken fingers rock!..glad I finally tried it.
4	Awesome place, great sweet tea and amazing Chicken. The sauce is ok, but it doesn't quite do the Chicken justice. Very Clean place with friendly staff. :-)
3	Less fries more chicken please.Less bread more chicken please.Less ice-tea more chicken please.Look I get that people rave about Raising Cane's, but to be perfectly honest I only believe it to be an okay establishment. It does have its place in many people's chicken strip loving hearts, but my experiences here have been lackluster.The last time I went I got the 3-strip combo, which comes with 3 chicken strips, french fries, and of course, their tasty bread. I got a Dr. Pepper, because I don't like their sweet iced tea (ohmahgawd! I know.) It's too sweet. It's nothing like my Mother's Texas Tea, and well, she makes it better so she wins, the end.As for the combo meal, I felt like I had more carbs than anything else. Were the fries good? Ya. Was the bread good? Ya. Were the chicken strips good? Ya. But I felt like I should have had more chicken strips than anything else, and my chicken strips were very much on the small side. If you're going to base your establishment on chicken strips, shouldn't those suckers be BIG, juicy, and plentiful?! I also made the mistake of taking an order to go. Don't do it. The take-away box makes everything soggy, especially the fries and bread. Best to just eat there, unless you live less than 5 minutes away.
3	I agree with some of the other posters lately it seems like they are giving me a lot more fries and a lot less chicken.  Anyway the food is always good.
4	A couple years ago, while I was on one of my first trips to Vegas, my boyfriend decided to take a walk with me to Target. Unfortunately, I no longer had energy and desperately needed food. When I looked to my left I saw a fast-food building called Raising Cane's. Ever since that fateful day, I have been addicted.Raising Canes has got to be one of my favorite fast food places for chicken! Their chicken fingers are always yummy, and the dipping sauce for them is so good. It adds a kick of flavor to each chicken finger, and tastes great with the fries and texas toast as well! My favorite thing about eating here has to be the texas toast. Please order extra, you will not regret this decision. If you don't care for coleslaw like me, you can ask them to trade it out for another piece of toast! It's so great! I definitely recommend coming here if you like cheap, but delicious fast food.
5	The best chicken tenders ever!!! Don't forget to ask for the special sauce! You could tell that the chicken is not frozen; its fresh... How I miss that place.  Their toast is good too.
4	always take my family from out of town to raising canes cuz im not sure where else they have this business. love the toast. chicken is obviously tasty.lol everyone needs to give this a try if they never had it before
4	Best chicken tenders I've had in a fast food environment. These are restaurant quality strips. The fries are like Del Tacos but fresher. The Sweat Tea is delicious and refreshing.
4	I am slightly concerned that I have a list for Raising Cane's and I've never reviewed this location. I've been here many times after day-drinking, and I must say....Cane's is the business.The chicken is so moist, and juicy. It makes you want to do nasty things to it. Ok, maybe I took it a little too far. Yeah. Sorry.It's delicious, the Texas Toast is awesome, and the sauce will make your mouth smile.Go there now.Love,Me
4	The one and only sauce is pretty good. The fingers also are fried just right!
4	Raising Cane's is one of those places where the food is always good, and this location is no exception. I always order The Box, with an extra side of sauce and a large Sweet Tea. And I know by doing so that I am guaranteed failsafe food. I don't like how they ask for an ID if you use a debit / credit card to pay, and their cole slaw has issues. But the rest of what comes in "The Box" from the fries to the Texas Toast to the best dang chicken fingers in Vegas is dang good. (This is a "skate" review as my mind is elsewhere today, in Aurora, CO and focused on the aftermath of the Aurora tragedy. )
5	This place was yummy, especially the sauce they give you for the chicken. Would totally go there again when I'm in town.
5	I LOVE LOVE Cane's!!!  The Sweet tea makes this southern girl heart sing with joy!  The chicken fingers are always amazing!!  Cooked fresh so they are hot and never greasy.  The Texas toast is yummy!!!  The Cane's Sauce.....I could bath in it!  The staff is usually friendly.  I have only had two staff members I wanted to advise to give up a career in Customer Service.  The dining area is always clean and I love how they walk around and clean tables and ask how the food was.  I CRAVE this place!!  In fact I am so gonna beg my hubby to take me tomorrow!
5	When I first moved to Vegas, I heard a lot of about Raising Canes but never tried it until this year, and I have to tell you that it's the best chicken fingers that I've ever tried. The sauce is insane and the sweet tea reminds me of home. Customer service is extremely important to me and the entire staff always has a smile and makes sure you are taking care of. If you've never had their chicken fingers, then you are in for a treat.
4	Raising Canes is raising the bar in casual fast food. My first visit in a Raising Canes was a similar experience to Panda Express. I am hooked and keep wanting to return.   Regardless that Raising Canes is named after a canine, it is fast food for a King. At Raising Canes you are not a number. When your order is ready, they will call you by your name. And there are times where they will deliver your food to you.   The combos are abundant in quantity and quality. My favorite is the Caniac Combo. It includes:  *6 chicken fingers..tasty & huge.  *2 canes sauces..little bowls instead of packets. Kind of tastes like 1,000 Island.  * Coleslaw......very good.  * Fries.....tastes like supermarket fries (don't they sell White Castles and Nathan's hot dogs in supermarkets anyway?). Still good  * Texas toast....usually full by the time I get to it.   * 32 ounce drink.....Nothing bad to say about Coke beverages. Still, it would be cool if they had 100 flavors like Five Guys or the new Burger Kings.  The one negative is that Raising Canes is not cheap. To be fair the prices of fast food have escalated in recent times. So $8.96 for a Codiac Combo, which is a dollar above the average fast food meal, is not off the charts expensive.   Raising Canes is raising the standard of fast food. Now when I pass an out-of-business fast food restaurant, I know what I want to see go in there.
4	Eating the Buffet of Buffets for the past 24 hours was exhausting...so we decided to go somewhere near UNLV. (Literally right across from Target). While driving by this fast food restaurant, I noticed that there was a drive-thru as well as a sitting area inside. Of course I decided to go inside to check it out. The interior was quite interesting. There were Halloween decorations and awesome ceiling fans that look like an airplane wing fan. We were greeted promptly and ordered the 3 piece combo and the caniac combo. The 3 piece combo came with their special sauce that tasted like thousand island (disappointed that the employee lied to me when I specified if there was thousand island and she denied it and said that they could not tell me what was placed into this sauce...So...Yes, I had an allergic reaction to this...) Thank you lady...Anyways, this also came with Texas bread, fries and a drink. The Texas bread was excellent because it tasted like a Hawaiian bread that was soft and not too buttery. The fries wasn't all that great, but it was ok though. The sweet tea was not as good as Popeyes...it was kind of bitter. Maybe they accidentally mixed the unsweetened iced tea with the sweet tea? The caniac combo meal came with the same items stated above as well as coleslaw. The coleslaw was a bit drenched in the sauce; however, the cabbage wasn't soggy and limp but crispy still. I enjoyed eating this side. Lastly, I didn't mentioned how the chicken tenders tasted yet because I wanted to save it for last! OMG! THE BEST CHICKEN TENDERS that I have ever eaten so far. Wow! The seasoning was just perfect and the batter was nice and light. The chicken breast was fresh and not frozen because it was all white meat and not those dark looking frozen meats. The chicken was so juicy and tender...I kind of wished that I got the party size now...All I have to say is that Yelpers...This is a restaurant that you must try in Las Vegas! Something quick and simple for you late Vegas arrivals or even locals. Note: You have to ask for the key to use the restroom.
4	This is the place, the place, the place to stuff your face! Hot, crispy, juicy, salty madness! Its the place for fried chicken! Oh and the sauce, get an extra sauce, like a creole sweet mustard with perhaps some mayo in it. Its slatherable love!
5	Simply put, Cane's makes Chick-fil-A, Zaxby's and all of their other competitors look like total trash.Let me tell you a story. It's kind of long.Long before my wife and I moved to Vegas, we came from Chicago as tourists many times. On our very first visit, we stopped by the Atomic Testing Museum. Afterwards, looking for a cheap lunch that we couldn't get back home, we checked her original iPhone (before everyone had one) and looked up our nearby options.We ended up at In-n-Out on Maryland, over by UNLV. It was horribly overrated. On the way over, though, we drove past Raising Cane's, and I exclaimed, "A restaurant devoted only to chicken fingers! We HAVE to go there."We didn't make it back until our next trip, and the meal I had then changed my life.After that point, I had Cane's wherever I could find it - which was not often, since there weren't (and still aren't) any in or around Chicago. When we visited Minneapolis, we found the Cane's by the university closed on Memorial Day...so we drove to the suburbs for it. Afterwards, we bought a 32oz cup of the sauce and drove it back to Chicago. Every time we came back to Vegas, we'd have lunch here at least once - usually twice.As you might imagine, when we moved here, we went nuts. We haven't gotten any fatter, but I did get a Caniac Club card and have racked up something like 40 visits in a year. There simply isn't any other fast food this fresh and this flavorful. When we want a cheap, delicious meal, there's only one option - box combo, double toast bbs, no slaw, extra sauce.And that sauce is, indeed, boss. Totally fucking boss.
4	Went here for breakfast! Good chicken fingers! Good fries and very good canes sauce!
4	This review is for 4.5 stars.I was really wanting chicken fingers (hadn't had them in a long time). But I didn't want heavily breaded ones (I hate that). Enter Raising Cane's. Since we were going to Target, the Dollar Tree, and K & K, we went here. It was packed inside- should've known, the parking lot was full. Man, was it super loud. Our little one had just fallen asleep. Not for long! The music is pretty loud to begin with. There is a very loud yell for your name to pick up your food- even the girl next to him was like "Dang!" One of the few booths available were right up front, so we were stuck there. The remaining seats were stools in front of the window, opposite the cashier counter. So, the crowd, music, and the shout-out for your name made this a loud environment. Note to self: only bring the baby when he is awake. The food came out fast. Free Refills on soda. I love that the fingers are not full of breading. The sauce is really good (kinda like ranch mixed with thousand island dressing). I don't normally like cafeteria style french fries, but the crispy ones were tasty. Pump-style ketchup (like Wendy's and Arby's) at the counter next to the soda fountain. I must've been hungry (or anticipating, or BOTH) because I ate most of (OK, almost all of it- you caught me) my 3 finger combo meal- three fingers, sauce, texas toast, fries and drink. My husband got the Box lunch combo- mine plus another finger and coleslaw. Clean place. The clerk was going around collecting customers' garbage. Drive-Thru window. Tailgate Packages available- perfect for large parties and events.
5	For only selling chicken fingers this place is as good as it gets! I'm not gonna lie when I first moved out to Vegas I wasn't super impressed and didn't understand the hype, but now after living here for a while, I can honestly say I LOVE them.They're not too heavily breaded or oily and the sauce is simply delicious! Not to mention their crazy good texas toast! yum! If you've never had it, please go! go! go!I've heard a lot of people compare it to chick-fil-a, which I still think is kind of weird since chick-fil-a sells things other than chicken fingers, but I guess it's most like the fact they're both chicken places. In any case, Raising Cane's, hands down. :)
5	I love chicken I give this place five stars the chicken is great and the place is always clean. The staff are professional and kind. Yes eat here you will like this! They have extra good fries and toast that makes this place one of a kind. The sauce is above five stars so they are the complete package stop in today you just may see me their.
5	Recommend this place for a hearty meal for a hangover. It's not too far away from the strip. It's probably about 5 blocks away and it's next to target. At first I thought it was going to be like a mom and pop kind of restaurant. But it is actually a small chain restaurant like KFC and Popeye's serving fried chickens without the bones. The place was very clean and every time you need to use the bathroom you need to get the key. Service: friendly and quick.Food: The meal is simple and not much to choose from. There is type 4 type of combo meals that comes in a box. Every combo comes with number of chicken fingers or a chicken sandwich. The side is French fries, Texas Toast, special sauce, coleslaw, and large drink. Recommendations:  I love their Texas Toast, Its warm soft and buttery not too overwhelming. Also, comes with the combo meal. To me the chicken tenders are fresh not from a bag and juicy.
4	Garlic Toast is really good  and perfectly cooked every time and the chicken is never greasy and is great when dipped in the special sauce also the sweet tea is good a little to sweet for me so we mix half sweet and half unsweet and it comes out perfect
5	When do I NOT come here?! Whenever i'm in LV, I usually stop by here before the drive back to SoCal. This time I rolled through with a party of 8 and we purchased their party pack. It came with 40 or was it 50 chicken strips? Texas toast, cole slaw, and we ordered some fries on the side. The chicken strips were juicy, not dry what so ever!! and the coating was tasty as always. I wish there were more Raising Canes and one in SoCal!!Their sweet tea is better than Micky Dee's and their chicken is definitely better than KFC and Popeyes. My group that I rolled with was expecting the consistency and the chicken to be dry or over battered like the ones you get a KFC or popeyes but really enjoyed this meal and fell in love with the sauces.
5	Best chicken fingers. Best dipping sauce. Fries are perfection. Texas toast, you are delicious. Doesn't get any better, seriously. If you're tired from all the fancy food & buffets on the Strip, come try this place out! For the price (which is inexpensive to begin with), it's totally worth it. Mad love for this place. Raising Cane's is always a MUST when we go to Vegas. I hope they open up in SoCal one day!
5	This place is amazing best chicken strips ever forget about Popeyes I want a raising canes in Cali!!!
5	Got to Vegas with the wife and kids.  We weren't starving but needed something for dinner.  Did not want to get dressed up for a sit down dinner as we were tired.  Checked YELP and found the rave reviews on this place.  Close to our hotel.  We went to try it out and were not disappointed.  The reviews were dead on.  Staff was friendly, place was clean and the food was great.  Chicken was truly moist and juicy, fries were crisp, Texas toast was moist and tasty and the sauce was a great addition.  My wife tried the sweet tea she said those reviews were accurate as well.  It is not glamorous or fancy but for good fresh food at a good price, this place is a must visit.
5	4.5 starsRaising Cane's, let me count the ways I love thee!  I've been wanting to try for a while but I thought, "how good can a place that only serves chicken fingers be?"  I got SCHOOLED.  It can be *really* good.  They serve up juicy and fresh (not frozen) chicken tenders; Texas toast, which is the best side ever; crinkle cut french fries, which just hit the spot sometimes, you know?  I did think the french fry portion was a little modest, so-to-speak.  But I chose the 3-finger meal and was full afterwards.  The dipping sauce is the real deal - so good.  My husband raved about the crushed iced.  I was all, "really?  The crushed ice, babe??"  But I admit, there's just something about it lol.  I do think it's strange that lemonade is 10 cents extra but no biggie, it's good.  This location feels like it should be UNLV's student center lol.  Just has that college feel.  It's cool though.  I remember those days and would have been there almost every day!  If you haven't been here yet this place is going to surprise you with how simply good it is.  It will fill you and you will enjoy it, but don't take my word for it.  Ready.  Set.  GO!!
4	Every time I come here I can count on the cashiers being friendly and full of energy and The establishment is clean leaving me the joy of being able to sit down with my meal and not having to wipe up anyone's left over chicken crumbs.  Ok more about the food...The chicken is always fried perfect and is fresh.  Never over cooked but always a golden brown color.  Fries don't taste like they've been cooked in week old oil and the Texas toast is amazing!Don't forget to get an Arnold Palmer.  For those of you who are unfamiliar it's a sweet tea and lemonade mixed.
3	Raising Kanes staff = 5 (the ladies at the front made my day)chicken tenders = 3.5 (lightly battered, moist meat, needs a more flavor)texas toast = 4.5 (what can i say, soft, delicious, hit the spot)fries = 3 (fries are fries)sweet tea = 2 (tastes like sugar water)overall, i don't think anything here was to die for, but i wouldn't oppose going here if someone brought it up.
4	Raising Cane's is the place for fresh and perfect-breaded chicken fingers!Juicy (not dried), piping hot and fresh chicken fingers + extra fries + Sweet tea. Nothing better than that on a summer day where you want to refresh and have something quick yet delicious! This location is very clean and the cashier is welcoming and always ready to order. The food is always consistent and fresh.The good part is you can always do substitutions. My sister doesn't like their Texas toast (a preference) so she ask for substitution of extra fries which they were willing to substitute. Always ask for extra sauce as well! One of the reasons for coming back to Raising Cane's is for their sauce.As for the Sweet tea, it is a little too sweet even with an entire cut of ice. So what I have found is that doing half no-sugar sweet tea + half sweet tea is the perfect sweetness for my taste.
4	If there's a Caucasian man working the window check your bag & change . Meal was 6.48 gave him 20.03 & got back 13.51 u do the math also ask for hot sauce didn't receive any . When I brought up the missing change this customer was wrong until I helped him with his math
5	5 stars for a fast food joint? Yes, Raising Cane's actually deserves 4 stars, but since they get involved with the community they are getting 5 stars from me! They support "The Rebellion" which is the UNLV student section. Since I am alumni, how could I not support a business giving back to my Alma mater especially since Cane's is from the south with not particular connection to the university other than being located across the street. They also give free kids meals to crowd members who watched a mountain west basketball or football game, just as long as the rebels WON. Just make sure to save your ticket from the game.  When this location first opened I did not understand the hype and actually thought they were pricey. Gave Canes a second chance and now I love it.  The batter is not too thick like most chicken finger places and you could tell these are freshly made and not frozen. Just like everyone else I too like the Texas toast because its soft and buttery. Nice touch with crinkle cut fries and Cane's sauce, which is delish. I also like the community/university vibe of this place especially after a basketball game. They also give 10% discount, but they will ask for student ID.
5	Whenever I'm on this side of town i take a detour to Canes.  In my opinion this is some of the best tasting chicken on the planet.  Their Texas bread is awesome as well.  I always get two breads. I wish their were more locations.
5	orgasmic
4	I heard this place was really popular in Boston.  And it's my friend's favorite chicken joint.  I personally thought it was okay, nothing great or mouth watering.  It wasn't bad though.  My friend and I each ordered the 3 chicken finger meal, which included the 3 chicken fingers, a lot of fries, their special sauce, and a drink.  If you want a free drink and it's your first time hitting up this place, check in on FourSquare so you can get a free drink if you order a meal; I believe it was lemonade.  I checked in after the fact and found out what I could have gotten.  What was lame was I couldn't save the deal for later like how Yelp allows us to do so.  Just an FYI...Oh yea, they have the staff call out your name very loud to let you know that your order is ready.  If you don't come for it, they'll go looking for you in the restaurant, which I liked.  I didn't like how the tables weren't clean.  A good # of tables had crumbs of chicken and stuff on it.  They should have the staff going around more often to clean them, especially since this location was pretty busy.
2	We have wanted to try this place after driving past it for the past couple years as the drive thru is always packed.  I was disappointed in the small selection of meals...mainly unflavored tiny fried chicken strips with some frozen crinkle fries and a piece of bread...oh and some bland coleslaw and a not so very special sauce.  Hardly what I would consider a decent meal much less pay for it and actually feel there is a need to actually have an establishment devoted specifically to this type of food.  I mean, why develop an entire menu of meals where the main difference is the quantity of strips and sides??? The bf thought it was okay but he had to order the large meal and also ate half of mine.  The cashier was nice enough, but had either a hearing problem or attention deficit disorder...she had my drink order wrong twice...diet soda, no ice...not sweet tea with ice or diet soda with ice.  I do not understand the hype at all especially when there are so many other places to choose from.
4	There's just not much that can go wrong with deep fried chicken! The meat fell apart so easily, and it was so tender and juicy. The outside was really flavorful and crunchy, and the chicken was extremely hot, fresh out of the fryer. DAT SAUCE THO! Dip it, drizzle it, drench it, bath it, slurp it, lick it, either way it's D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S.Texas Toast! I was thinking that this would be like french toast when I heard about it, but it's more like a really yummy dinner roll. Coming back to Raising Cane's again.
5	Love love love this place. I'm blessed to have had my first experience at the original location in Baton Rouge, LA...superb! I immediately fell in love. If you love, or even like chicken strips, then Raising Cane's is the place to eat. The chicken strips are crispy, juicy, and pretty much perfect. The fries could use a little work and it's best to eat them while they are fresh. If you have a little ride home, you may want to poke holes in the box because your fries will retain too much moisture and they won't be that good. However, the sauce is the problem solver. I use the sauce on my fries as well as my chicken strips. And my beverage of choice is always the sweet tea...so refreshing =)
5	Is is possible to award 5 stars to a fried chicken place...? Hellayeah it is...!!! I'm from the south, TEXAS and listen, we know about fried chicken. These guys know their stuff. Succulent slow marinated QUALITY chicken meat lightly fried to perfection, Texas toast, french fries and cold slaw (although the slaw would get 2 stars) Sweet tea and lemonade... seriously what more could you ask for...
5	Oh my god, a place that specializes in chicken strips, yesyesyesyesyesyes.This place is as straight up as it can be. Chicken strips, fries, texas toast and a drink. Only thing that separates everything on the menu is, how hungry are you? Chicken strips, crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside, fries, perfectly crispy, toast, is well, toast. Yay. BUT THE SAUCE. The sauce is the key basically to the meal. Put it over everything, I'm not lying. Its obviously for the chicken, but dip your fries in it and dip your toast in it. Take shots of it if anything.please, open one of these in NorCal, I'd absolutely appreciate it.
4	I am not a fan of fast food. You won't find many reviews for a fast food place. This place does rate oddly enough.a.  Ambiance - For this "east" part of town, very nice. Clean, good flow and organization. At 4:30 on Friday, it was 75% full.  A great testament either to fast food or good quality.b.  Service - I really like the consistency and the good service from the people cooking, the cashier, the people prepping your order. High quality in my book.c.  Food - They do a few things and do it very well. Fresh made chicken tenders, fries, texas toast.  I find the tenders to be awesome for a breaded fried product that I normally stay away from.  The toast is great. The fries, no go.d.  Price - Can be reasonable. I spent 85.00 ordering a tray of 75 chicken tenders, served in 3 tin foil trays and 1 tray with fries. Very reasonable and a lot for the money.e.  GK says, this place is NOT bad at all. Highest level of fast food I have tried besides In and Out.
3	Chicken was good. My girlfriend I weren't too fond of the canes sauce, it would be better if they had ranch. Overall it was pretty mediocre, we probably will not be back next time we're in vegas.
4	Neighborhood and the people around it a bit ghetto so keep your head on a swivel. As far as the food...AMAZING! The Service...again, AMAZING! I don't know what they put in that sauce but I'd sure like to make some to eat with some things at home but then, it wouldn't be one of their signature items. Great food. Not so great vagrants begging in the parking lot and coming in the restaurant filling up non-Raising Cane's cups. A little unsanitary since they look homeless. But, I just bless my food and keeps it pushin'.
5	Loved my whole meal!!! Wish we had one in Cali!!!
5	Seriously?.. Why so much complaining? I think it's great for fast food! Would you rather eat chicken rubber selects from Mickey D's instead? Didn't think so. Raising Canes is legit!
4	The menu is so small but just enough! Toast, fries sauce and chicken! You don't need a lot to make a great business! The chicken is always so soft and juicy inside and crunchy and seasoned on the outside. The sauce is like a thousand island dressing. The toast is buttered, and the fries are salted perfect. The place is always BUSY! From the drive thru to the front counter. With all that business they are so fast with service. I was in and out within 10 minutes.
5	This was my first time to Raising Canes.  It was delicious!  The chicken fingers were made fresh when I ordered them.  The fries were hit and seasoned well.  The lemonade I got with my meal tasted like fresh squeezed!  For a fast food place I give Canes a 5 star!  Clean, Fresh, Tasty, and great customer service. The Texas toast was probably not needed as there was a lot if food on the plate.Well done!!I did have to park in the back of the parking lot as there weren't any spaces left.  While eating I noticed a TMobile employee get into her car and drive off.  She was parked in the front spot of Canes.
4	I LOVE CANE'S!!!I've been to this location a million times, and the quality of the food is stellar.  I love the Texas Toast, and the Cane's sauce is awesome.  Sweet tea is great too. And the Chicken?  Awesome. :D
5	It's bomb. Get a box combo, switch out the cole slaw, and bring me the other canes sauce. UNLV students, don't forget to show your Rebelcard and get that discount. At this location only!
4	Ask any out of town person and they will tell you that this is the first stop to make once you step foot in Vegas. A tradition unlike any other. I first experienced Cane's while on a trip in Lafayette, Louisiana and can't wait til they maybe put one in California...maybe....please???? Anyway, nothing comforts the soul quite like fried chicken strips, carbs and sweet tea.
5	Having lived on the East coast, I was used to Chick-fil-A and thought that it was the best place to get chicken...but boy was I wrong!! After moving here and hearing that Cane's was the best place to get chicken fingers, I just had to try it. I can now say, hands down, that this is the BEST fast food restaurant I've ever been to!This location has always been clean, I've had fantastic customer service every single time, and the food has been absolutely delicious!! Usually I like parts of a meal more than the other, but between the chicken, fries, and texas toast I can't choose which one I like most! I'm surprised that Cane's doesn't have 5 stars, I'm not sure what more you could ask from a restaurant! I've yet to have anything less than an awesome experience. The prices are decent as well, and with how often I like to eat here now, I had to sign up for the Caniac card! (The UNLV student discount is also a great little bonus!!)
4	Love this place since they opened years ago! I just don't get by enough. I wouldn't recommend driving far if your taking it with you. .. the fries can get soggy fast. But everything is great when it's hot and fresh. Besides Chick Fil A, this is one of the top 3 places I go to for chicken. PROS: Chicken             Fries             Sauce             Garlic toastCONS:  Cooked to order so there is always a wait (not too long but. . .. )
5	I'm from California and every time I come to Vegas I need to get me some Canes no other chicken fingers compare with Canes! And you can't forget to get their famous sweet tea! God I'm craving it right now!
4	Reminds me of being in The South where this chain is from. And, they taste just like the ones there. This plans destroys all the other fast food chicken tender places in Vegas. Yes, destroys. And, their sweet tea and Canes sauce is the bomb! Great fast food meal and cheap.
5	This place is a must if you are coming to vegas. There sauce is what makes the chicken n the bread taste so good.. Cane's is so addicting for me I love it
5	Always fresh! Delicious chicken every time, my two boys and I love Canes !
5	Every time I visit Vegas, I devote one of my lunches to Raising Canes. I also drag my friends to go to Raising Canes and it never disappoints. For the price you pay and for the amount of food you get is unbeatable. Normally chicken fingers tends to be a little dry, but with Canes, no other chicken fingers compares! The house sauce just puts it over the map with their chicken fingers already freshly made with the right amount of juices. And you can't forget to get their famous sweet tea, it just goes great with the chicken fingers, fries, and bread! I always pack the sweet tea to go and drink it along the day. Talk about a great combo!They have great employees who are always consistent about cleaning the tables after customers had left. Cashiers are always smiling! Love their service! I will continue to keep coming back here on every Vegas trip.
3	I guess I'm just not into fast food, because this place did nothing for me.Why they got 3 stars:Service was swift and courteous.Chicken was fresh and hot.Chicken was actually chicken, not nugget substance.Why they did not get more stars:"Texas toast" looked and tasted like a hamburger bun. Didn't eat it.They must have walked across the parking lot to Target to get frozen fries. These just weren't any good. Didn't eat them.The "secret sauce" tasted like mayo mixed with a bit of catsup and Lawry's seasoning. They promised tangy and a bit spicy. It was neither. Didn't eat it.Oh, yeah, wasn't I supposed to get cole slaw?So, of the boxed meal I ordered, I ate the chicken. The rest wasn't worth chewing.Overall, the food was entirely meh.
5	First time here. Heard the buzz and wanted to check out the hype. The Caniac Combo was more than fulfilling for the bf and I. Their sauce was good too. Can't complain about anything really, sweet tea was on point and their chicken fingers were off the hook! Toast was perfectly toasted and the center was soft, must try! Definitely coming back here!
4	My boyfriend loves the sweet tea here! Oh AND the Canes sauce is amazeballs!!! Fair WARNING: it's always busy.
5	Simply amazing. I work in the parking lot that this store is located. It's dangerous because I want to go there constantly. Fast service, open very late and the food is always extremely fresh. Very much recommend giving it a try!
4	"This is so bad... But it's so good!" If you're looking for a healthy meal that makes you feel good about your caloric intake, this may not be the place for you. If you're craving good fast food, you must drop by & try it for yourself! Delicious white meat chicken strips that aren't the typical dry ones because these were surprisingly moist! With garlic bread, fries, & a drink, the 3-strips combo was quite filling. Love the dipping sauce & the sweet tea! This place is quite packed but the line moves quickly.
5	First timer! And it was absolutely delicious! I ordered the 3 chicken strips order & chicken was soo juicy loved the buttery bread! I also got the freshly squeezed lemonade upgrade for .35 cents more. What's with that secret sauce? Well it was awesome I used it as a dipping sauce for my bread. I'll try to come by a little earlier perhaps lunch since it's a all place and can get really crowded.
2	Ok, this is not my favorite Cane's. Its actually my least favorite of the three that I have visited. That being said, it is the closest to my son. He lives on the east side, and it seems there are no locations on that side of town. This location is close to UNLV, and therefore has mostly college students as patrons. Today was the worst experience here for us. the music was so loud that it caused everyone to yell to the person across from them. It was nearly impossible to hear my own family talking. The food here is always hot, but there is something off about this place. My guess is that the fryer grease is old. It just doesn't taste fresh. This was my last time coming here.
5	By far the best chicken strips I've tried in Vegas. As a new vegas local, I'm constantly trying new restaurants, and Raising Canes is definitely a must go for tourists and new vegas locals looking to try quality delicious food. I always get the 3 chicken strips with their crinkled fries with their delicious toast. I'm a fan!
5	Umm EXCUSE ME! I have been missing this in my LIFE! This place is THE bomb and I'm on my lunch break about to lose my mind... Lol - SOOO GOOD! Why hasn't anyone introduced me to this temporary Heaven?!
1	After a $10 taxi ride there...they aren't on the strip...their lobby was closed!!!! They should state that they have different lobby and drive through hours
5	Butter both sides for the Texas toast!
5	Crispy chicken. Always good for the soul. Chicken and fries are amazing. I loved it. I feel like I'm more country than where I come from. I love sweet tea and it's my favorite drink. Nice atmosphere and seems like a great place to go with friends and family.
5	The Food is Fast and Fresh,cooked to order so its Super hot when you get in.So give it a minute or two before U dig in.Also check ur email for specials on your Raising Cane's card, this location is great honoring them.Also they fast and open up more registers if there R too many people in line.Overall a great great place for either dinner, or Lunch-the food consistently tastes great and very filling.Keep up the good Job Flamingo office!
4	Oh how I love when my office gets raising canes for lunch meetings. Very fresh/hot everything we get it  and some of the best chicken fingers  even though it's fast food. Texas toast plus fries is a little overkill and bland but I guess that's what the cane's sauce it for. Yum! Love their sweet tea also. I rarely eat fast food but when I do, you can count on this place being one of my options!
5	This location can get very busy during lunch hours, especially at the drive thru. I've waited 15-20 minutes in the drive thru line in the past, so if you're late for class or work, don't come here if you see a lot of cars lined up thinking it'll go by fast. It probably won't. Other than that, everything here is amazing and worth waiting on the drive thru line (if you've got the time). I usually get the 3 finger combo or the sandwich. Dip everything in their dipping sauce, trust me.You can also get a discount if you show your UNLV student ID!
4	Ok , my sis lives in California & I think canes is the only reason she comes and visits me !! Lol , the chicken here is the bomb , always fresh and cooked to order , not overly breaded and consistently juicy !! The fries are best when hot and salty ( eat them first !) , the coleslaw is pretty fresh , but for some reason doesn't taste good the next day ??? & I know I'm going to piss some people off , but the Texas toast is just ok and if on a diet not worth the calorie count/carbs !! And being that i'm a saucy type person , ( they never give you enough,& have to buy extras ) I recommend one sauce for every two tenders !! And pay a little extra for the lemonade it's worth it , and as my sister always does she takes a couple gallons home with her !!
4	The g/f has been raving about this place to me for months, since this is her favorite fast food joint, she states when she goes home to the south she could eat this for every meal.  When we finally took a trip to vegas first stop is non other than Raising Cane's at this location.  After trying it I can see what the rave is about.  As my g/f puts it, they do one thing and do it right.  Chicken was cooked just right without a greasy after taste and the sauce goes well with the fries and tenders.  Texas toast is tasty and fluffy.  Before leaving vegas we made a pitstop here for lunch for us and then an hour later another pitstop at the Raising Cane's in Vegas' southeast location!
5	We need a chain of Raising Cane's in California. Seriously, it would change the game of fast food.My boyfriend kept raving about this place every time we took a trip to Vegas, so on our last trip, we finally went and boy did it live up to the hype! I was so astonished by how moist and juicy the chicken fingers were. Not to mention the delicious dipping sauce that comes with the chicken. Gahhh... It gives Chick-Fil-A's sauce a run for its money. Top that off with a side of Texas toast - I'm sold.I'm going to have to come here every time I'm in Vegas.
4	Drove all the way from los Angeles just to get Canes only to find out they are closed. So sad, got a bump on my tongue and everything. Leaving tomorrow, can't wait till they open! Texas toast is the best, the chicken is great, slaw not a fan and the Lemonade is great! Open, Open, OPEN ALREADY! and no Chris G it's not the only reason I visit you, it's a big part but......lol
4	Little peaces of heaven.
5	Best Vegas Fast Food Of Life.the end.
4	Raising canes! Please open up in Los Angeles please! This is probably the best chicken fingers I've ever had. On top of that the Texas toast is orgasmic in my mouth! I can eat their toasts for months and months. If only I didn't have to travel all the way to Vegas for it.. Sigh. Something I do look for while in Vegas. Last but not least the sweet tea. Lord oh lord! The sweet tea is bomb dot com!!!!!
5	Chicken strips are my number one favorite food. So when I found out that there was a place close to UNLV that only catered to chicken strips I knew I had to try it. These are by far the best chicken strips I have ever tasted. I usually get the box dinner which comes with fries, chicken strips, and Texas toast. I can't forget their amazing cane sauce. Growing up in Idaho I've has my fair shade of fry sauce and everything seems to taste the same. Cane sauce will send your taste buds on a trip. It is so delicious. At the time they also had a discount for unlv students too which was a nice perk. I was sad to move away, but every time I drive through or I'm in town I always stop.
4	Simple, quick, and delicious. Cole slaw and sweet tea are really good. Fries and chicken tenders are simple.
1	Only good thing I like about Raising canes is their sauce..The sweet tea taste similar to McDonald's so nothing new. Also they don't accept bills over $100 beware
4	Besides always being super busy and seating can be hard to come by its great! Great food "fast food" for a decent price.  If it wasn't for the seating difficulty id give it 5. Also I hate that you have to ask for a key to use the rest room. Oh and sometimes homeless people actually come up to you while your eating to ask for money.  Staff seems to not want to approach them.
5	PROS:- Chicken fingers aka moist reasons to live- Texas toast.  It's so fluffy, I'm gonna die!- Cane's sauce- Sweet tea- Super friendly staffCONS:- No ranch here, so fries get lonelyTIPS:- If you decide to share with a significant other, order the Caniac combo $8.29, which has 6 chicken fingers as opposed to the Box combo $6.79, which has only 4.  Trust
5	If you're a fast good restaurant and the only thing you serve is chicken finger, it better be the best damn chicken fingers ever! That is exactly what Raising Caneis... Damn good chicken fingers! So good big chain fast food restaurants shouldn't even offer chicken fingers if a Canes is in town, why go any where else?
5	Mmm I love Raising Cane's for chicken fingers.  Always get an extra sauce and the service is quick and they almost always get everything just right.  Fries are crunchy but not too well done and the toast is bomb!
5	Amazing flavors!  I wish that they had locations in California.  They didn't have ranch, but their flavors made up for it.
3	Ate here today.Music is way too loud.Chicken was good,but the cole slaw never tastes right.Would not take much to give it some flavor.All the booths were dirty and the seats in the booths are worn out.Needs a clean up.
5	Alright what petition do I have to sign to make Raising Cane's open up shop in California? I love that there isn't a lot to choose from, like other fast food joints, because it means they're doing something right with just a limited menu!Ordered the $8.29 Caniac combo, which comes with 6 chicken fingers, 1 Texas toast, fries, cole slaw, and a large drink, and that was even too much for my boyfriend and I to share. Maybe it's because we opted to double the fries instead of getting cole slaw. maybe it's because I drank too much of their delicious sweet tea. Maybe it was because I dipped the perfectly seasoned, lightly breaded chicken fingers in their delicious Cane's sauce. But whatever reason it was, we spent less than $10 for a meal and still had leftovers so I really can't complain. Our wallets went home empty after gambling on the strip but our stomachs went home happy.
4	I don't normally eat fast food, but while I was in Vegas, my boyfriend and I ate here a few times. It is so scrumptiously addicting. So yummy! Way better than your normal fast food places. I wish they had one in Oregon. The only thing is that it was usually crowded and seats were full, but probably because their so good.
5	What can I say?  I love this food.  The chicken is delicious the fries are crisp and hot and the Texas toast is melt in your mouth good.  Only negative and it's not really that serious is the Cole slaw which is just OK to me and not as good as the other items.Always do drive through so can't comment on the service, but the drive thru line can be slow sometime, since they do make the chicken fresh.
3	A couple of friends who were celebrating their birthdays in Vegas over the weekend wanted to try Raising Cane's for lunch. There are multiple locations around Vegas, but this one was the closest to us and off-strip.I had no idea Raising Cane's was fast food and didn't know what to expect. The place was packed around 1:30 pm and we got into line, which moved quickly. They specialize in chicken fingers, so there aren't many options. I decided on The Box Combo, which included four chicken fingers, Texas toast, coleslaw, crinkle-cut fries their famous Cane's sauce, and a regular drink for $7. It was more than enough food for me and I couldn't finish the fries or slaw. The chicken tenders came in huge pieces and were super filling, although a bit dry on the inside but the yummy Cane's sauce helped with that.Service was awful. The cashier who rang me up was clueless, distracted, and rude. I asked her what was in the coleslaw and she straight up giggled and said, "I don't know." I just looked at her, thinking she'd ask a manager or provide some other response, but nope; all I got back was a blank stare. Okay... After that lovely exchange, she seemed completely disinterested in me and kept making googly eyes at this guy behind me, who I assume she personally knew, and basically had a side conversation with him while I was trying to order.Overall, Raising Cane's reminds me of another chain, Chicken Now, as they're pretty much on the same playing field. To be honest, I'd rather go to McDonald's (guilty pleasure) than come here again, but I wouldn't be opposed if friends wanted to come back. But before then, I'd like to try Strip 'N Dip Chicken Strips next time since I've had that bookmarked for awhile.
4	love it worth at least trying I was in the hotel and ventured off the strip and I didn't regret it at all I went 3 times in a week and right as I was leaving I live in CA so I knew I wouldn't have more anytime soon
5	I give Raising Cane's 5 stars because the food is yummy and the service is always constantly on point. The box combo is my favorite and the sweet tea is amazing. The sauce is bomb.com :)
5	Went to visit my friend and he got me the box, a bit salty chicken but i love chicken however it is! I was in love with everything else even the sweet tea. bread was great, coleslaw and fried were fire.  To me they could raise the price and it'll still be worth it but don't do that please! Enjoy!
2	WTF YO? 5 people on line, and service is madd slow for a busy crowd.  Never come at lunchtime 12 noon and expect quick service from THIS Cane's EVER!!
3	Context: Went here this past weekend for something quick, fried, and filling! Went with a couple of friends and we were out the door in no time (in a good way of course)Food: Chicken strips are what they're know for, but I guess it wasn't as crispy as I'd like it to be! The batter felt a little soft for my liking but they do use real chicken. The sauce is to die for, a spicy chipotle type of feel! The fries are delicious, and it comes a nice toast of burnt cheese bread and sweet tea. No complaints here.Price: I paid less than I believe $7 for my meal, such a steal!Environment: A fast food feel like environmentService: Friendly and patient cashiers and workers! They're always smiling! Also super quick too!Check this place out! Good for quick and fast eats that's tasty and a great price too
5	Heck Yes! OMG, this place! I'm kinda addicted. Chicken is moist, love the fries, and that toast! I avoided coming here and trying the food (due to a misconception on my part, I thought it was going to be a greasy repeat of some other chicken joint) but no. Canes is very good!
5	Compared to other fast food places I give it 5 stars. Best chicken fingers I've ever had and the Cane's sauce is the business! The service was great. Everyone is nice, polite and helpful. Must try if you're in Vegas.
5	Great food and nice size portions. Prices are pretty good. One of my new favorite places to eat.
5	Being somewhat new to town, I always heard the whispers of how Cane's is the best chicken place in town, etc etc. I don't know why, but I always imagined it as this hole in the wall chicken joint that just put out amazing food. Man was I surprised when I pulled up into this location for the first time.This is a modern, clean, good looking fast food chain. It looked brand new, and things were well maintained. However, what REALLY surprised me were the staff. The person that took my order was awesome, she called me by name multiple times, anticipated what I needed, even pre filled my fountain soda cup with ice. I mean really?! Putting some ice in so I don't have to?! That's service.Now down to the food...it was delicious. I had only ever had their chicken before after it was cold because someone brought it for a group, however this time around it was piping hot and unbelievably good. There are a few reasons this is a 5 and not a 4. These are those reasons:1) Great staff, loved the friendliness and helpfulness2) The value, I expected this place to be expensive, but at around 6 bucks for a 4 strip meal...I was pleasantly surprised. That's cheaper than KFC meals, and MUCH better food!Anyway, will be back... and frequently.
3	I assume Raising Cane's is a fast food restaurant chain invented by the parent of a picky child, because this place has basically expanded the kids menu to be the whole restaurant's menu (I immediately clicked the "good for kids" button below).  What can you get at Raising Cane's?  Chicken fingers, bread, fries... and not a whole lot else.  But Yelp didn't steer me wrong - these are good chicken fingers!  The breading was super crispy, though a little oily, and the inside was juicy and tender white meat chicken.  They're not small, so a few fingers is probably enough for most people, especially if you order sides.  We got four fingers plus the Texas toast, which was a thick-cut slice of white bread with a garlicky butter spread.  The flavor was good but the bread was sort of soggy and chewy.  The Cane's sauce is a smoky, BBQ, creamy sauce that's meant for the chicken, I guess, but was also tasty on the toast.  I'm not big on fries or coleslaw, so I didn't try them, but this still means I tried half of the menu.  That's sort of crazy when you consider that I only tried three things!The interior closes pretty early, by my standards, and we were shooed off to the drive-thru by a stern gentleman in a crisp uniform and a beret.  The drive-thru had a long line and moved pretty slowly, though the staff were friendly enough.  I got a kick out of trying this place, but I'm not upset that it's a West Coast chain that I can't get at home.
5	Ive been coming to canes for years now ! It's so good every time. I always get an extra sauce and toast buttered on both sides. I always take my friends and family here if they're from out of town because they don't have it in a lot of other states yet.
4	Very fresh delicious chicken strips. . The texas toast is soft and delicious with just a slight toasted top .....very well worth the stop in VEGAS before heading home to los Angeles
4	Came with a friend since he high recommends this place. And I couldn't agree more, it's delicious and filling for the prices. I would day let the food cool down a bit as I ate it while it was burning hot and burned the roof of my mouth. Still good! Will be back again when I'm in vegas.
5	Every time I visit Las Vegas I go to this Raising Cane's location, and for the last 7 years or so.  I always get hot, fresh, tasty moist chicken fingers, hot crispy French fries, chilled cole slaw, buttery crispy Texas toast, and the special dipping sauce is outta this world!!!.  Hard working efficient servers.  So consistent in everything they do!
4	I've eaten canes before in Midwest. I loved it there and I loved it here. Everyone should stop by at least once to try the freshly made chicken as you order it.
4	Friendly service and good food, the chicken was moist and tasty, and make sure your rolls are B.O.B.S. they bring your food to your table for you, just make sure you bus yourself afterwards. I would give it 5 stars, but parking was rough, being in a strip mall parking lot.
