3	We went to Ocho Locos in Anthem the other night for dinner.  I agree with Holly J on this one.  Big improvement over the prior ownership with Pinta Nueva!  They are still working out the kinks with their new menu and staff so I'm looking forward to visiting them again soon to see if they deserve a higher rating.  They offer a good selection of traditional and American Mexican food.  They have a full bar and offer a decent selection of beers on tap.  The service was good, not stellar.  They redecorated and added some nice HD TV's for sports and concerts. Our meals were good  "A-OK" but you can tell they are new, still working out some of the details with delivering excellente Mexican comida or alimento!  Will visit again soon.  Hope you give them a try next time your in Anthem looking for Mexican.
2	The only time I've ever seen guacamole the Ocho Loco's shade of dark green/brown was once when I left some guac in my fridge for 4-5 days.It doesn't take a CSI lab tech to see that the Ocho Loco served us tasted and looked like it was at least several days old. Which is completely disgusting and 110% unacceptable.Can't say much for the rest of their food...The chicken in their chimi is the most bland, flavor-free anyone in our party has ever had. Anywhere. And the fact that it was dry did not help.I could go on and on about how much everything else we ordered sucked. But I'll spare you. I'll just say that after 4 years and at least 2 dozen different Mexican restaurants in Phoenix, the food at Ocho Locos was the most disappointing.  I'd give them 1 star but the service did not warrant it.
4	Yeah!!! Time to celebrate! Pinata Nueva has died and Ocho Locos has risen from the ashes to replace it. This is excellent traditional mexican food with expedient service. Although the chips aren't homemade the salsas are yummy and the mexican pizza is to die for - fresh ingredients and lots of flavor if you choose the shredded beef. Can't wait to go there again.
1	Ocho doses of salt, on my Yucatan.  This is the saltiest meal I have ever eaten and very same with the cream cheese on the side was so salty that I could not eat it.  I love salt but not the whole shaker.  Chef is not tasting his/her own food before it leaves the kitchen.  They are new and hope they come around.  Nice atmosphere but no drink deals after Happy Hour, this is sort of a turn-off for us.  Not really willing to go back.
3	I gotta admit, I'm having trouble with this review.  It was a night of averages.  We sat down pretty quick, waitress took our drink order fairly quickly (she didn't seem to know their own beer selection). I ordered the Tio's Pollo Con Queso, which was decent, but certainly nothing to rave about.   I do have to compliment the pricing, which was very reasonable ($10-$15).  I think it's an improvement over the previous place, especially with decor, but it's not somewhere I would go to on a regular basis, but good enough if you live nearby and don't feel like driving.
4	Pros:  food was excellent at a great priceCandles on the table, jazz on the speakers, 6 flat screen tvs, has a happy hourCon:  lots of tables in small space, a bit load between music, and normal rest. Noise
4	We love mexican food and this place has redeemed itself (from the old "pinatas" restaurant that used to be in this location).  The decor and menu are completely different and really good - well priced and the food is tasty. The service was really good, too.  Patio looks small - we sat inside.  There is a small bar with tv's, if you are looking for that.  I would definitely go back - looking forward to it!
2	Pretty bland and uninspiring!  Wife and I ate here one night when we had to be out of the house due to the A/C going out on a very hot day.  We thought we would try this place because Mexican food sounded good.  It was average.  The prices were average, the food was average, the service was below average.  I had a combo of a taco and enchilada with machaca (usually a very flavorful meat) - it was pretty blah.  My wife had the pollo something - basically a chicken chimi with a cheesey sauce.  The chicken was a bit off - she scraped it out and mostly ate the accompanying beans and rice.  Given the opportunity, we would probably not go here again.  If we want good mexican, we will bite the bullet and leave the Anthem area.
4	Went there the other night, and my husband and I with little one thoroughly enjoyed our visit.  Staff was friendly, I can't remember the last time in an Anthem Restaurant a manager stopped by to see if everything was doing well, he seemed genuinely concerned about our enjoyment. A huge plus.  I remember the old restaurant and Ocho Locos is leaps and bounds above that one.  We will definitely be back.I had the street tacos, yummy.Hubbie had shrimp fajitas, which apparently they only serve on the weekends. (they need this all the time) my only complaint.Daughter has chicken strips and French fries.
5	Excellent food and even better service.  Our server Mark was outstanding and the manager entertained our kids while we drank our margaritas.
3	So the pluses: The manager is great. Very personable. Some of their food is excellent. Their shredded beef enchillada is great. Supreme Nachos fantastic.Minus:  It gets really loud when it is packed. It is packed most of the time. Their carne beef tacos are bland.
4	Finally had dinner there and I was happy.  First order of business, make my wife happy, check.  Second make the kids happy, less talk and play means they are actually eating, great.  Third, compare food and prices to other Mexican places I've been and ask myself if I would return, definite.  Three stars there and now for the fourth.Fourth Star, I took advantage of their Facebook 1/2 off any Margarita, tried the Sangria, I liked it, would have had another, but I drove.  Make sure to check their FB for deals.  Tried their Tio Pancho, aka Poyo Fundido, and loved it.  Would have finished it, but when your 8yr old gives you that "I want it look", of course I have to share.  Portions are good.  When I was done, I was just right and that is a statement when I'm not interested in desert.Service was friendly, fast, and helpful.  I always make it a point to ask what the waiter or waitress preferences are and I was happy with all of Jennifer's suggestions.
2	My wife and her family love the margaritas here, but only because they are strong.  They are but NOT cheap.  My chimi was ok.  The shrimp fajitas were also just ok.  Frozen fairly small shrimp.  The options around this area are limited.  The chimi (luch portion) 7.99, fajitas 12.99 and two margs each ran $46 bucks.  Yikes!If you can, go somewhere else.
3	Margaritas are awesome! :)  Nice and strong.The place is kind of confusing on the atmosphere.  I can't tell if they are trying to be trendy, or be Mexican... or both. Food was ok.  I cannot have gluten anymore, so when I tried to get the corn tacos, the sauce they use has gluten in it. (fyi for fellow celiacs)  The server was helpful regarding this tho in checking with the kitchen.  The only thing I could have was a salad, so sadly, I can't rate the food.Hubs had the street tacos... he only got 2 and didn't get any rice and beans with it, thinking that it would come with them automatically.  Nope... wrong.  This does NOT fill you up... and he was left hungry.  He said they were tasty, but wished it came with rice and beans or 3 tacos.FYI... this place will hold funds on your card under a different name... this alarmed me until I realized it was the amount of the bill, less the tip that I added.  The final number was labeled under Ochos Locos.
5	Holy Wow!  Talk about delicious and a great value!  Late on a Sunday night in a VERY small community, a pregnant woman has a craving for chile rellenos.  Where are you going to find good Mexican food close by without spending an arm and a leg?  Yelp told me Ocho Locos, and boy where they right!  We ordered a wide variety of items.  Don't be put off by the prices on the ala carte menu, the servings are still huge!  We got the Nachos supreme, some chile rellenos, Chicken tacos, a couple quesadillas, sopapillas, and flan since we had a big group to feed.  Everything was spot on!  It was a take out order, and food was hot and ready exactly when they said it would be, and they even carried it to the car for us.  The owner rung up our bill, was courteous and nice.  They even threw in free chips and salsa which is rare from other Mexican food places when you make a to-go order.  We were impressed with their fresh food, and authentic flavors.  The chicken tacos had a fresh mild home made green chile sauce, the rellenos were perfectly fried in a heavenly egg batter and loaded with cheese.  The nachos supreme was supreme indeed, the guacamole that came with a few of our items was pure avacado goodness, no lettuce or cheap 'filler' here, just yummy fresh smashed avacado and the perfect amount of seasoning.  The desserts were so good as well!  The sopapillas should be changed to 'Sopapillas as big as your head' because that's what they were.  Like a personal piece of fry bread, they were soft without being too dense, and dusted with the perfect amount of powdered heaven.  If I had to say one bad thing about this place, they mixed up my order slightly.  I ordered 2 flan, but got 2 tres leches cake instead.  I really like tres leche as did everyone else in my party, and their was nothing to scoff at either, except they topped it with whipped topping instead of whipped cream (a personal pet peeve) but really I'm almost nit picking to even point that out since it was still an overall outstanding experience.  For a delicious, authentic taste from across the border, make Ocho Locos your next dining experience, and you won't be disappointed!
5	Great service, great food, great prices!!
2	Ocho Locos does not participate in Maricopa County Environmental Services Restaurant Ratings -- beware.Do NOT order a martini here. I asked for mine dirty and it arrived filthy! It tasted like 50% olive juice. Disgusting. The spinach enchiladas are truly stuffed with spinach, which is great. Tortillas chips are out of a bag. I've been here three times and service is lackadaisical.
2	SO we have been in Anthem for awhile and have gone to this restaurant many times, even through all the numerous owners. So far we are not thrilled. The food is average and the service is slow. The bar is nice and there is seating outside which is great however not the best mexican food.
2	OVERPRICED for what you get on the plate...plus, Mexican food just tastes better when the place plays more "cultural" music is decorated acoordingly
3	We were bar hopping in the area while waiting to pickup our Son from a birthday party...this was our first stop.  There's a small bar on the left side of the restaurant where you can saddle up for a few drinks and some grub.  I had a couple of glasses of Wine and tried the Chips & Salsa.....not bad.The bar is pretty small, seats about 8-10 people.  The restaurant seems cool, woud like to come back and try some food.  If we lived closer to Anthem, we would.  The bartender was pretty cool....she's from New York and had some great stories to tell.Overall, a pretty cool spot to hangout for a few drinks.Return Factor - 70%
1	We just ate there and the food was terrible, my beef was as dry as could be and not fresh half way through the meal I wished I was at the food court, my wife's meal was just as bad never going their again.
1	Muchaco Burrito was so dry I thought we were in the Sahara...Tamale masa dry also. Canned cheese it seems over the enchilada. Taco shell was like leather....definitely was not cooked fresh. Black beans tasted liked regular pinto beans and was sitting in black liquid in a bowl. No spices in them whatsoever. Waitress was just ok. Cost us 35.00 to be running to the bathroom the rest of that night and the next day. I guess people in Phoenix don't know what Mexican food is supposed to taste like. NOt a large waiting area either. Some of the waitesses had such sour puss looks on their faces. We would never ever go there again.
2	Hit this spot with my family and dad after visiting the Anthem Farmers Market on Sunday.  Either we visited during a perfect alignment of bad luck or it really is systemically flawed on the part of the operators.   The place was pretty empty for noon on Sunday.  There were 3 covers...the place looks like it seats around 40.  Our party of 4 plus my 2-year old were seated immediately.  My daughter was given a coloring book page and some well-used crayons in a dirty rubbermaid container.  While our family isn't the germaphobe type, communal crayons for toddlers doesn't send a message of sanitation. It took around 15 minutes for our server to take our drink orders and another 10 minutes to return with our waters and ice teas.  (The ice tea was slightly tinted tan water with barely enough tea flavor to incite nausea...growing up in Alabama, I'm an ice tea snob.)Our food order was fulfilled in a reasonable amount of time.  My entree was a bit spicy for me, but that's pretty subjective.  Requisite beans and rice were solid though.  Value was pretty low though for what we got.  The quality wasn't any better than any other strip mall counter service Mexican joint but prices were about double.After a long wait upon finishing our meals, we were met with an apologetic server who said their computers were down and we could either wait longer or he could write up manual ticket.  We were paying cash and I've got to think that's the simplest transaction to process, but he looked supremely at a loss when we opted for the manual ticket option.We finally completed our transaction and left.  We were given a 10% off our next visit coupon for our inconvenience.  My dad asked rightfully why we couldn't have 10% off this transaction for our current inconvenience...that was met with a vapid stare.Given the benefit of the doubt, it did seem they were shorthanded in the kitchen.  We did see another couple walk out because of the long delay.  Maybe it was just a bad day or maybe it was a more systemic problem.
4	I'm a native Arizonan who has been eating authentic Mexican food since I was 3 (learned about flour tortillas when I asked my Mom why the man at the next table was eating his napkin.)  My husband is Mexican American who learned to cook from his Mother.  I think Ocho Locos is trying to be slick when it should just be basic and authentic.  That said, we like it and drive from Cave Creek to eat there a couple of times a month.Ocho Locos has many of the same authentic recipes with which La Pinata (19th Ave. and Osborn) has stayed in business since the 70's.  Green corn tamales are about the same....yummy.  They have tweaked some of the other recipes to adapt to the snowbirds, but most are authentic, but tamed.My husband prefers their Carne Machaca to any in the Phoenix area (for great, go to south 4th in Tucson for Carne Seca, Carne Machaca etc.)  The shredded beef tacos had a bit less flavor last visit than usually, but the beans were great as expected.  Appetizers are half price at happy hour.  They have daily specials at least during the week.  I find their prices much better than the Mexican Restaurants in Cave Creek and the food selection better.....of course, the atmosphere at the El Encanto's is better.We have never had service that was exceptionally good or exceptionally bad.  Usually the service is about average for area restaurants that are similarly priced.
4	We really enjoy the food here... the only draw back to me is that it is too loud to talk to others in the restaurant.  They play old Music Videos on like four TV's and that makes it too loud to talk to anyone beyond those right next to you.  But the food is always good and the prices are good!
1	Tried this place for the first time today! They were pretty slow, no big deal. But with as slow as it was you'd think you'd have lots of attention from your waitress. Not only was our drinks barely refilled. Our waitress was constantly chit chatting with one table in the room who seemed to be her good 'friend'. Customer service I could overlook. The food was ok. Not amazing for the prices charged. My one huge complaint, was that the blonde bartender was standing behind the wall behind me and very loudly was talking about "Fu**ing Mexicans". I was stunned, thought this was a mexican eatery and me being hispanic was incredibly offended. I would rethink the staff at this place and for the pricing probably wouldn't make a return visit.
4	Very good Mexican food ( I get the spinach enchiladas) NIce staff, too. Try the cadillac margarita!
3	Waitress was fabulous. Very friendly and did a good job at her JOB. Which is always a surprise. The food was OK. I dont like shredded chicken. I had a chicken enchilada which was good. The chicken taco I did not like. They deep fry the taco shell and add a TON of shredded iceberg lettuce and cheap shredded cheese. But my 9 year old son liked it. Salsa was very mild...more like tomato sauce. My husband had carnitas and he liked it.   Margarita's/cocktails have WAY too much juice/sugar. Price are about $2 too high for what you get. Very loud inside especially for how small it is. We might go back but def wouldn't take out of town gusts there.
3	Good Margaritas and nice staff they always make me feel right at home. My favorite plates to order here are the Street Tacos and the Chicken Spinach Enchiladas.
1	Having been in Anthem for 7 years and watching this place go through various owners and even before Ocho Locos was here, I've come to the conclusion that this place is cursed. Never have I had a good meal here. My most recent visit involved flies everywhere, and overpriced, mediocre food. I ordered Vegetarian tacos that consisted of a copious amount of guacamole, an equal amount of lettuce, and cheap shredded cheese. (After having to send it back for getting the wrong food.)  I took a couple bites and couldn't finish it. I sent my food back and went to Taco Bell.
5	Was kind of skeptical after reading the yelp reviews. My fiance and I decided to go in and try dinner there and was extremely surprised. Our hostess and server were amazing and super friendly and on the ball.  We had the street tacos and they were delicious!
5	Went in for a table of three plus a baby. Very helpful weight staff ended up recommending all of our dishes. The Margarita was great. The Mexican food was  quite good. I would recommend it as a family friendly, tasty Mexican restaurant.
1	If you would like to be treated rudely overcharged and ignored this is the place to go! After we sat down we waited 10 minutes to get anyone to pay attention to us. I flagged down a waiter and asked him for some water. Your server will get that for you he answered in a snarly voice. My friend replied really we been here 10 minutes and haven't seen anyone. I said your server will have to get that for you he snarled. I got up to the bar and asked to speak to the manager who came to the table. When I began to tell her about his treatment she said oh he's only a busboy. I told her I didn't care if he owned the place that was no way to treat a customer. She apologized and asked for a drink order. 10 minutes later my friends Margarita was still not anywhere to be seen. I looked in the bartenders direction with an exasperated look. He pointed at a drink sitting on the bar and pointed back at me I nodded and said yes that would be ours! He brought it over to the table. When the check came we were overcharged by two margaritas.  I told I waitress Jennifer who was the only nice thing about the place and she comped my beer. The management did not extend any courtesies no comps and no further apologies for the horrible time we had. Service can make or break a dining experience and this one broke it. Don't hire teenagers with attitudes higher people like Jennifer who go the extra mile and while you're at it at some flavor to your food!  You not only lost a few customers tonight I am going to make sure and tell everyone I know about our horrific dining experience! I know I'm not alone since I see many similar comments on Yelp!
2	WHY does Anthem have such a terrible food scene?! I've been here twice. The first time was alright. Our food took forever. The servers are a  "little rough" around the edges, but friendly. The food is overpriced, but the thing I found the most disturbing, was while we're in family friendly Anthem, this place plays rock music which is fine, but it is not censored. I'm sitting there listening to f***k over and over again during multiple songs.
1	I went with a friend today. We had our girls and thought we would try a small family place instead of the Subway in the same strip mall. Support local businesses right? Mistake.Ordered chicken fingers off kids menu for my little ones to split. Eating too much at 3pm spoils dinner. For $5.95 I got two previously frozen processed chicken finger planks and some crinkle cut fries. Pathetic. Buddy ordered a $4.50 bowl of Kraft Mac and cheese for his kid. Absurd. I ordered a cheeseburger. Cant possibly go wrong with that right? What I got was a previously frozen pattie of tasteless meat that had two slices of barely melted processed cheese on it. Took three bites and sent it back. Waitress seemed offended personally when I said it tasted like garbage. $9.70 for a garbage cheeseburger. Honestly, a Whopper is a better tasting burger. The lettuce was shredded and browned limp iceburg the bun was soggy, etc etc. It was a train-wreck. My friend ordered the chicken fajitas and said they were VERY good. I didn't taste them, but Ill take his word for it. Terrible value. Service was mediocre. (I watched a blonde haired waitress literally twirling her pony tail while she was talking to a table. You cant make this crap up) Their receipts say "Best Mexican food in Anthem." Bullshit. Tighten up your act 8 Crazies. Your food is crap. Your prices are ABSURD. Your reviews here should be a wake up call.
1	I really like the food here, but I'm going to have to rate this place with 1 star due to their kids menu. Their kids taco and cheese enchilada plate are way to spicy for kids. My son is just under 2 and he screamed when he ate the kids cheese enchilada. I tasted the sauce and it was spicy. I asked the waitress for milk. She then had the audacity to tell me that I should order it next time without the sauce. Hey why not a heads up before my kid ate it! So disappointed in this place and the service. Why would you put spicy food on a children's menu?!?  And for the record I love spicy food and can't believe that the sauce on my sons enchilada plate was as spicy as it was.
5	Ally totally rocked tonight! This place is Def worth the stop.  Miranda is the best. I'm not a fan of cilantro, so I order the hot sauce.  Love it!  The ground beef tacos rock!  Never have had a bad meal here.
4	Good Mexican food in Anthem.  I love that you get a huge bowl of Salsa, hard to say if hot is better than the original.  A little pricey and the Happy Hour leaves a little to be desired... I have not tried the chicken fingers or kids menu, but.... I think adult Mexican food is great.  I will be back regularly.
4	Good food!  Tio Panchos Pollo Con Queso is my favorite!!!   A little pricey...always get takeout which is ready in 10 min...
1	Mexican not at its best. A Torta is not served on a hamburger bun. You don't make burritos with pita bread. It's the bread that makes it a torta.
2	We arrived on a Saturday afternoon. The place was fairly empty. The atmosphere was nice, but our server seemed like he had better things to do. No eye contact, no smiles. Whatever I guess, onto the food. I had the machaca beef chimichonga, which was really good. My wife has a taco salad. The tortilla bowl it comes in was awesome, but the ground beef was bland, and the lettuce was obviously from one of those bagged salad mixes - you know the kind with dried up shards of carrot and red cabbage. Really? Come on, how hard is it to cut up some fresh lettuce? My daughter had the Carne Asada... not sure what cut of beef that was but it was really tough and had some troubling gristly parts. So all said, our search for really good mexican food in the north valley continues...
3	The guacamole is not fresh/homemade. The rest if the food was pretty good. My hubby got the prime steak fajitas and said it was alright, pretty good. We loved the margaritas we ordered with a small corona bottle in it! Yum. Our waitress was flighty and slow. The atmosphere was fun. The chairs are. It very comfortable. Overall we might be coming back but won't be broke hearted if we don't. Ole!
3	For an Anthem restaurant this place isn't too bad. The food & drinks are good but seemingly a little overpriced. Service is always great. Very loud inside.
4	Great restaurant! We just moved to the area and this was our 1st experience at a local resturant. The dishes are not authentic mexican but dont let that stop you. Portions were huge and lots of flavor. Homemade quac was a huge hit at our table. The server was extremely helpful and recommended his favorite dishes. Margaritas were so Gooooood we each had 3. Can't wait to go back!
5	We are always pleased w the good and service. Candice , our server was very friendly and attentive. The food is always delish! We keep coming back and never get disappointed. I highly recommend their Chimichanga and fajitas.
1	The food here is disgusting. We had a variety of dishes and none of them were close to being Mexican or American-Mexican cuisine. The service was slow and the tables and floor were dirty. You're better off buying frozen Mexican food at the grocery store or cooking it yourself.
1	Being so close to Mexico, you'd think Phoenix would have some of the best Mexican food in America. So far I've found much better Mexican food in random places like Denver, Las Vegas and Florida. But I keep searching for some real, authentic Mexican food in my home state. I stumbled upon Ocho Locos thought maybe this is it.  Meh. Totally not! Unfortunately this place may be the worst Mexican food on earth. The guacamole at Taco Bell is much better. We've eaten here four times in two years every time thinking we just hit it on a bad day and maybe THIS time it would be better....  Finally decided there is no "better;" it's just as bad every time. From the watery salsa to the guacamole to the overly greasy and salty dishes, I have never had anything (except for their very good frozen margaritas) that is above one star. I've concluded that any rating above one star has got to be from people that think Del Taco and Taco Bell are Mexican food.  If this restaurant were in Mexico, Mexican officials would have had it deported years ago.
1	I can't believe people pay to eat this food. The guacamole actually comes out of a squeeze bag like you buy in the grocery store! Disgusting! After two bites of my salad and my husband taking a couple bites of his burrito, we asked for the manager so we could pay and leave. She said she didn't like the burrito here either! Thankfully she discounted the bill but we will not be going back.
3	Don't believe their estimated time on take-out orders. Cut it in half. I was told 25 minutes and I was there a few minutes early yet the food was cold.  They didn't seem to feel it was a problem.  Tasted like yesterday's food.
1	Live in Anthem and have frequented the place over the past few years.  I will not return after the last two visits.  Has been a place to sit on the patio after work and unwind with a decent meal.  Two visits ago, after having the carne machaca, I felt ill but dismissed it as something other than the meal.  After my last visit, I spent the night vomiting up Carne Asada and onions.  All night long.  Today I'm not able to attend work as I need to have immediate access to sitting on a toilet.  It is too bad the place has fallen into this state - not many decent places to grab a meal in Anthem.
2	Wow! What a disappointment for this once great place. Food was still acceptable but no football, just really loud, ear splitting music.  So loud the customers complaints must not have been heard because it just kept on cranking. The adjacent table left mad.....we left with a headache.
