5	Magical mystery tour pizza - absolutely awesome! This outfit is a class act with the best zah and beer in the valley. The management is everywhere making the experience unforgetable. The manager is Blake and what a hospitable host he was! He's determined that MM has no one above  it for food, service, and fun! I'll be back soon! Thanks!
4	Don't sit at the tables near the bathroom. Too much traffic! Wings are amazeballz!! You have to have the beer cheese. And try a dirty campfire beverage. Yum!!!
5	Seriously the best pizza! Great lunch special too! Personal size pizza for $4.99! Not too greasy and a great flavor! The house salad dressing is awesome too! Great atmosphere with indoor and outdoor comfortable seating! TONS of beer on tap! Big screens for sports watching! We will definitely come back!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of pizza.  Very good dough.  Excellent sausage (some of the best I've had).  And all around high quality, fresh toppings and good sauce.The decor is a little weird, but nice.  Has an old-school movie theater theme, which is great for kids, but seems like a waste of space and money to me.  Very nice indoor / outdoor bar though.I say, definitely check it out, it's worth a try if you like pizza.
3	Good: excellent pizza doughFresh saladBad:Service could be betterNo music so much loud noises Slow service Ugly: forgot straws and crayonsLong wait to be seated Long wait for food to be served 40 min for pizza is little too longStaff at kitchen yelled at each other's
3	The pies are definitely tasty and unique. You can tell the ingredients are quality and fresh. Our service was efficient around 6:30 on a Wednesday night, except all but one of five salads had the wrong dressing. Our server, Brandon, was attentive, personable, and friendly.This is where the positives end.Biggest bummer for me is the value. The pizzas are understandably on the high end, I assume, because of the ingredients. Fine. $10 for a salad with iceberg and romaine? $9 for a 3oz pour of a bottle of wine that costs $9 at Fry's? I guess if you don't want the veg and you're more into beer, your value will increase. They have to pay for that funky decor somehow.Can't promise I will ever return.
1	Not a very good experience at all. Once seated we had to wait over 15 minutes for our server to show up. We asked for samples of a couple of beers and placed our order at the same time. The place was busy but not overly crowded. Our server disappeared but a sample of a beer that I did not want was brought to the table. After about another 15 minutes, our server brought our water that was initially requested and advised me that the beer I wanted was out as the keg had blown. I asked for another beer instead. Once again the server disappeared for about 15 more minutes. Someone else brought our food to the table but we never were given plates or set ups. This was brought to us by the person running the food. When almost finished with the pizza, our server shows up and advised me that the second beer I ordered was also out. She then said she had asked the manager to come speak to us about this.  After about 15 more minutes, our server stops buy to collect the dishes and asked if the manager was over to speak to us yet. I advised no that we had not seen her. She took off and had her come to our table. The manager apologized for being out of the beers but offered to  get me another beer. I declined due to the long waits in between service and being finished with our meal. She said "ok, sorry" and left.  We had watched as order after order came out wrong for people around us. The runners with the food had no clue what table the order was for and were going table to table to see if it was your order. If the table was correct, the order was screwed up. Complete horror story!I was also disappointed  in the gluten free pizza. Frankly we have had better pizza at the chain stores in the area. We will not be back.
4	Went on a Friday night, seated immediately on a cold night outside with heaters...was a very good experience.  Wife had an Appletini and a Pomegranate martini and were awesome.  I opted for the root beer, house made and yes it was very good.  We split a pizza, meat on one side for me and olives on the other for her-was a very good pizza.  Would definitely recommend.....oh and the cookies for desert was awesome.
3	I will call it a 'wow' experience, but only because of the bill @ the end. The cesear pizza salad, was half the size of cpk's version, yet mellow mushroom's cost more ??? I understand they need to make a profit- but that $12.50 personal pizza sized small cesaer pizza salad is outrageously priced.  On the bright side....service was excellent. They have excellent staff, from the hosts to the servers, it was fantastic. If u want to get good customer service, and spend over $55 for 2 beers and two pizzas for 2 people- this is the place. The old Nypd pizza spoiled me. Their prices were much better. If mellow mushroom plans to stay in Ahwatukee for the long term, they may want to revisit their pricing strategy.
5	I'm glad to have Mellow Mushroom in my neighborhood, in a great location near a movie theater and shopping. The staff is very friendly and very efficient. The choice of craft beer on tap is excellent, and the food is consistently good. I prefer to sit at the bar, either inside or out, where you have a nice view of the sunset or a choice of TVs. Did I mention the staff? They're really nice people.
2	What a disappointment. After positive experiences at the Tempe location, I was happy to see MM moving in to the old Rock Bottom location. My excitement had turned south after each of my three visits.  Take out order wrong, twice to start. Apparently any beer over 7% is only served in a 12 oz goblet, but you still get charged the 20 oz price at $7. Ordered pizza with 'extra sauce' it was dry with barely any. Also, cannot turn on the tv audio during a Cards game??  Seriously?  Yes the families like football too, but are forced to listen to jitterbug!  ???
5	I love the atmosphere and the service!! You must try the holy shiitake pizza....amazing!
2	We went to Mellow Mushroom on a Sunday evening. The place was fairly busy, but not completely packed. The atmosphere is rather nice and there is a movie theme that the whole place is done up in. Our server told us that pizza takes about 25 minutes to bake, and apparently salads take just as long. Our service was not ideal- no refills, never asked if everything worked out. It was a very minimal service on our server's part. The salad, imo, is rather overpriced. I did an a la carte/build your own style- and a dollar's worth of tomato equates to four slices. 2 dollars of cheese is about a teaspoon of cheddar, and 2.50 worth of turkey is about like.. two slices of lunch meat crumbled up in the corner. Mind you, the quality of the salad ingredients wasn't bad- but hte portion was not equivalent to price paid. Plus, the thousand island tastes like you took a bite of Miracle Whip and called it dressing. My companion's salad was about hte same- very minimal on the toppings and their dressing tasted like lemon juice and garlic. All in all, I don't think I'll be returning. The price of the food mixed with the low quality service doesn't make me inclined to come back.
3	I wanted to try this place based on the reviews of the pretzels from a friend. We came in for dinner with a buddy of ours. Our friend ordered a beer but when the waitress brought it she said they were out of what he wanted but the bartender poured something else to try. Eh, I wasn't a fan of that idea. He had a second beer in mind he would have ordered if she simply said they were out. Instead he was stuck with a Dale's Pale Ale and he's never been a fan. So that was a waste of money, since he didn't want to be rude and ask her to dump it and get him something else. Our server also wasn't the best at refilling our soda/waters. I ordered the garlic butter and parmesan pretzels with beer cheese for the table. Three pretzels, three of us...it seemed like fate (although, I wish there had been 4 so I could have had 2). They were awesome!! Cooked perfectly, the beer cheese was so good I would have licked the container clean if I had been on my couch and not in public. Each of the guys ordered a pizza. One had the Thai Dye which was tasted much better than it sounded, I can't remember what our buddy ate. I ordered the stuffed portabella mushroom as an entree. Their pizzas came out a good 7-8 minutes before my mushroom so they were almost done eating before I got my dinner. Nothing worse than staring at your friends eating while you sit there with nothing in front of you. When our server came to check on us she didn't seem concerned that I didn't have my dinner yet, just assured me it was coming. Keep in mind it took FOREVER to get our pizzas in the first place.Finally my dinner arrived and it was YUMMY! I engulfed it in as few as 4 bites and caught right up to the guys. I would definitely order this again! I understand the hype for the pretzels and despite the fact my mushroom was great (you can't really screw up a mushroom) nothing was phenomenal. The service was lacking. She kept disappearing for a long time, our drinks went unfilled, we were stuck with beers we never would have ordered but had to pay for, and our food didn't come out at the same time, nor did it arrive in a timely manner. The next time I'm in the mood for pizza, it won't be for this place. I might be willing to try it again but it will not be my first choice.
2	Overall - mediocre at best.  This time we had baked wings, meatballs and pretzels.  The food is ok - service is spotty, slow even. (I waited for quite a while to be acknowleged then nearly twice as long to be acknowledged again to place my order - I had to re-order the pretzels; just a little disconnect there)   The beer selection is pretty good but these days, that's almost a standard.   I am certainly confused about the theatre atmosphere...
1	I really wish we didn't go here.  What a waste of money. Our server was nice the food was horrible. Pizza was a step above chuckie cheese pizza.  Way too much sauce, I couldn't even pick it up to eat it. We also got the pretzels but they tasted more like the pizza crust.  Every thing is over priced, even their drinks...I got a got a glass of wine which by the way was under poured. If you don't mind paying over $20 for a pizza then this is your place.
4	Tried this place out for the first time last night with a party of four adults and 3 children under 12.Atmosphere was relaxed and casual, but everything was immaculately clean and the booth we were in was both large enough, and comfortable enough for all of us.The service was Excellent!!  Our waiter, Patrick, was friendly, helpful and very attentive.  The rest of the wait staff I observed seemed to be equally outstanding.We started off with an order of their pretzel appetizers, which were soft and chewy, just like giant pretzels should be.  They could have had a little more salt on them, but there was enough.  Then we ordered the House Special.  It was very good pizza, great flavor, and plenty of toppings.  Unfortunately, it took way too long to bring out (20 minutes, maybe 25), and the rim of crust was much too wide.  The wait I'll attribute to the fact that this is a newer restaurant, and it takes a while to get the kinks out of the kitchen process.To give credit where due, this is when Patrick really stepped up, and made sure that we were comfortable while we waited.   Also, to Patrick's immense credit, he put the kid's meals orders in as appetizers, so their food came out very quickly, and while the adults waited, they were fed and happy.So, I'd give this place a 3.5 on the food, but a solid 5 on service.  More importantly, I'd gladly go back the next time I'm in the area and hungry.
2	Meh. This had pluses and minuses. Plus - the beer menu was fantastic. Minus - they poured my Dogfishhead 90 minute IPA (expensive, tasty) into a hot glass. So, nasty warm expensive beer. Thanks, new bartenders! I will say they gave me a new, cold glass to pour it into, which helped. As soon as I started telling the server what happened, she finished my sentence - guess that happens a lot. But really, what bartender worth their salt does that? Side note, happy hour is only till 6 (instead of 7 like most places). So when you're off around 5, like most of us, then head over, you have maybe half an hour. Which is lame. Next, the food. Ordered the pretzels, which, per the menu, are made from the pizza dough. They are not, however. They are made from wheat flour. Which is fine, but for the fact that it was not indicated. So, surprise! Doughy, crunchy, brown, extremely bland pretzels. I could smell garlic, but surely could not taste it. Meh!!!! I decided at that point not to order any food - I was unimpressed. However my husband texted and asked if I could bring him a salad. So I braved it. No bueno. They have 2 sizes/prices of salads, so I thought the expensive one would be large. Having learned from the pretzel escapade, however, I specifically asked whether the large would be enough for two, and was given an emphatic YES! It's more than enough! So I did a "build your own" salad. Plus - You can create your own salad as desired! Minus- It's TINY! And every topping is individual. Which would be ok if it were slathered with toppings, but it's not. Got mushrooms - for $1 - and there were (quite literally, I counted) six slices of mushroom. Which I'm almost sure is not even a whole mushroom. For $1!!! Also ordered bleu cheese crumbles, at a whopping $2.50, and had - no joke - two tiny balls of bleu cheese. All told the salad cost $13 ($13!!!) and was subpar. All on all, I was angry with myself for stopping here. The bartenders didn't know what they were doing, the food blew, and it was packed with screaming children. I will note, however, in addition to the excellent beer menu, we had a great server. That's why they got the second star.
4	Delicious! I've eaten here three times now and tried 3 different things and they were all terrific! The lunch specials during the week are great and inexpensive! The kids meals are terrific too! My picky grandchild loved the meatballs and broccoli.
3	This place angers me a bit.  First of all, the happy hour is great.  3-6 & 10-2a daily they have half priced alcohol and apps.  That's a pretty phenominal deal.  The apps are pretty plain in their selection but for half off, who cares?  The beer selection is outstanding and they have rotating taps you should be sure to ask about if that's your thing.  The pizza is good.  If you've never had Mellow pizza before it is definitely different that your standard pie.  Funky ingredients and chewy crust can make for a good meal.  Or it can be a $25 average pizza.  Unfortunately that's about what you'll pay.  Frankly it's just too much for pizza.  I don't mind dropping money on good food but when you consider the number of excellent pizza places in town it's hard to justify the prices here.The part that really erks me though is the atmosphere.  It feels like a warehouse, the music is never at a good volume, and the service is slow.  I've eaten at Mellows all over the country and I have to say I enjoy this one the least.  That's a shame considering it's in my backyard.
4	We were going to get some pizza and had this coupon so thought let's check it out... We are both happy we did and will be back for more. From dough to toppings this was a well made product and depending on your selection of toppings, somewhat healthy, for pizza. It was about the same in price as Spinatto's, Oregano's or some of the other better pizza establishments in the Ahwatukee, South Tempe, West Chandler area. It's nice to have another option
4	Yay! I'm a fan... sort of. The pizza is just average but their bar is amazing!  They had so many beers on tap, I could hardly believe my eyes. We sat down at the bar to wait and by the time I had made up my mind and ordered something our table was ready. Fortunately we were seated at a high top in the bar area so I could continue to gaze upon the beautiful array of beer taps and ponder my next beverage choice. Perennial options include choice beers from Deschutes, Magic Hat, Left Hand, Big Sky, New Belgium, Mudshark as well as local favorites San Tan and Four Peaks. But the really awesome thing was that they had a dozen or so rotating taps. Waitress provided us with a paper list of the seasonal choices but there were quite a few that I was not familiar with and being in the mood to try something new I sat patiently trying to catch the bartender's eye so I could ask questions. Our waitress came back and offered to help. After a few queries, I could see that she really knew her stuff. I have never met a server with so much craft beer knowledge before. Usually they give vague answers or else run to the barback to ask. She even gave me a couple samples to try. It was pretty cool.I know Mellow Mushroom is a chain but I think it is neat that each location has it's own character. This one in Ahwatukee is decorated in a movie theme since they are across the street from the AMC. There was a giant King Kong and Hollywood signs... stuff like that. Overall it was a pretty cool environment. I liked the high ceilings because that kept it from being too loud. It was a lively atmosphere with a lot of chatter but because of the ceilings and the bar being open to the outside it never got annoying. We ordered a pizza that was half Kosmic Karma and half Mightly Meaty. Hubby thought his half did have enough meat on it but I was pretty happy with mine. I liked the sundried tomatoes and feta cheese... that added a slightly Mediterranean flavor. Their crust was soft and chewy and I believe they brush it with butter and sprinkle it with parmesan cheese. It sort of tasted like breadsticks. I'd have to say I think Spinatos or Nellos make better pizza but Mellow Mushroom was pretty good and I think a bit cheaper than either of those.The funniest thing was that they whole reason we went there in the first place was that we had gotten a coupon in the mail but after a few beers we completely forgot about it. So, good news is now we have the perfect excuse to go back again!
4	I finally made it into this place and was not disappointed. If craft brews are your thing you will love the bar. The bartender PJ was knowledgeable and recommended great beers. I felt that the prices for pizza were a little steep. A medium had 6 slices and was about $20. With that being said, the pizza was good and had tons of toppings. I was impressed with the amount of vegetarian options. I will be making return visits.
1	My friend and I decided to take a chance and try this place this afternoon. Neither of us have been so disappointed and angered with a lunch experience in quite some time.  The food was barely edible and the service was abysmal! We were seated quickly after being told it would be a 10 minute wait. Our server came by immediately to take drink and food orders. If we had known that would be about the last time we'd see him, I would have given him an agenda for the rest of our meal. Our beers and waters came out quickly but we waited about 30 more minutes for our spinach artichoke dip appetizer. It was gooey and cold with petrified garlic toast but we ate it because we were starving. We sat for another 20ish minutes with empty water and beverage glasses and scraps of our appetizer left that were clearly not going to be eaten. My friend noticed that our server was apparently also the bartender and was chatting up a lady sitting at the bar. Fed up, she went up to him and asked if it was going to be much longer for our calzone. He told her he would check and we watched him scamper up to the window and take a plate that was sitting on an upper shelf. He came back and stated, "they put it up just as I got there!" He then proceeded to leave our lukewarm lunch on the table without any offer of clean plates, drink refills for our long empty glasses or 'can I get you anything else?' The cheese that had oozed out of the calzone was cold and waxy. I managed to find a tiny warm spot in the middle. We sadly ate then waited and waited for our waiter to appear which was silly on our part. We asked another server to bring our check which she did quickly and with apologies. Our quick lunch took over an hour and a half. I'll never visit this, or any other Mellow Mushroom based on this experience.
1	Fan of the shroom back east but they haven't migrated effectively out here.   They need fewer tables as the kitchen can't handle the floor.  45 minutes to get appetizer and then meal came out 5 minutes later.  The sandwich had onions which I requested not but luckily they did a poor job and only got it on half.  Wife's salad was sad and disappointing. Manager comped entire meal.   Nice. But don't think we will return.   Wait for $10 coupons to drain if you want to try.  It is a sad thing because it is a good place back home but just not cutting it here in Phx.  A bit pricy even had it been quality which it wasn't in case you missed that.  Really makes us question going out at all. It is so pricy and a crap shoot.
5	Finally decided to use one of the hundred coupons for this place. And I'm glad I did. Pizzas were different and delicious. I love the laid back atmosphere and the staff is GREAT!  My server, Joe, was fun and so great with my kids. I'll come back. On a lesser note....the hummus and a chicken salad was just so-so.  Good thing the pizza makes up for it!
2	Initial impression when arriving set my standards high as well as the hype over this place. I love the decor and feel of the place itself, but the pizza was over-priced for thin and hard to eat cause the toppings just slid off. Also ordered the cheesy bread which i'd honestly prefer Little Caesar's over here. The waitress was nice but disappeared for loooong periods of time. I'd be willing to try again but try something other than Piza cause the Calzone looked good.
5	The pizza is absolutely delicious. While it's really not that hard to mess up pizza, it is hard to make it stand out. And Mellow Mushroom does it. We ordered their version of a meat-lovers pizza, and it was thick-crusted, greasy heaven. Absolutely amazing.The restaurant itself is actually pretty neat as well. It's designed in a movie-type fashion, with excellent decor. Such as a King Kong bursting through the ceiling, an (as close as you can get indoors) life-size dinosaur grazing over the bathroom, and movie theater seats in the foyer. Very kid friendly.We went on a Sunday afternoon, so it wasn't overly busy, but it wasn't absolutely empty, either. Our service was great out on the patio. And they have quite the beer list to go with your delicious pizza.
3	We returned for a second visit after a disappointing first try. There was significant improvement over our first experience.  The server was prompt and returned numerous time to check on us. There still is a disconnect with the bar and wait staff as to what beers are available. Once again after discussing a selection with the server, she returned to advise that they did not carry our selection any longer. This is a repeat problem. Also for some reason, the wait staff cannot seem to remember to give you plates to put your food on. The gluten free pizza was good. We also ordered a salad to share but no utensils to serve it with were provided. Still some issues to work out but a lot better than our first visit.
4	It's something about the crust. I'm addicted.  Plus the service was great and the food came out rather quickly for a Saturday night.  I even ordered dessert and told the waitress that I knew the meaning behind the menu titles.  She smiled and winked at me.
5	I absolutely loved my trip today to the Mellow Mushroom, the pizza was wonderful whole wheat crust with molasses my friend and I were able to do a half and half pizza she did the holy shiitake and I did the house special minus a few veggies.we also ordered their pretzels appetizer and they were equally amazing.not only that our server austin with was wonderful as well. we enjoyed our late lunch on the patio and the weather was perfect.I am sure I will have a repeat visit at least a few times to this place I was so impressed, and I've already had a reheat of my leftover pizza and its just as good as the first time.the inside was well decorated and I actually loved the finish is in the washroom. I have not one bad thing to say. I actually can't wait to take my family when they visit from Prescott.
4	I had the Thai Dye pizza last night and I'm still thinking about it! So amazing and original that I can't wait to try the other flavors this place has.
3	Disappointing happy hour place. I have heard the other locations are better.
4	I love both locations of Mellow Mushroom, but this one is my new fav.It is so refreshing to have a location closer to chandler than having to drive up to mill ave. It's fun on mill ave, but the ahwatukee store is easier to get to, way more chill, and has a great atmosphere. The place looks awesome, has movie nostalgia all over, giant sculptures of king kong and dinosaurs, it's sweet, kids would go crazy over it for sure.The servers are chill and nice, especially this guy named Austen. He was nice, patient, and totally laid back, the guy was pronto too on everything. Water refills every second, courtesy, all that jazz. I hope the manager of this location is reading this, because Austen is the man and deserves a bonus, for real.Capri is good, hummus is good, the grub is good! no doubt about it. Big, long, beer selection guarantees a good night out!
5	Great environment with good service and excellent pizza.. Reasonably priced with indoor and outdoir eating including a full bar.From the salads to pizza excelkent food. A popular restaurant and for good reason..A++
5	My wife and I never get out due to kids. So, when we do we expect standard service from our server.  Rarely do I get what I would consider standard service and trust me when I say my expectations are not that high.   This mellow mushroom exceeded our  expectations, specifically a server named Tamara.  This girl was constantly checking in on is to ensure our drinks were always filled and we were ok.  I can't even recall a time in the past that I was treated like this.   It was refreshing to actually be waited on knowing you don't have to go flag your server down.  She is setting the standard and the service at this mellow mushroom (because we've been to a couple)  should be an example to other mellow mushrooms.
5	I decided to try mellow mushroom's Mega veggie pie today.  I ordered it to from Cody at the bar. I asked for vegan cheese and he immediately asked if I would like him to also have it made without feta, butter or parmesan cheese. Excellent service! I asked him to please have it made without dairy and it was ready in 20 minutes.  It was so delicious, the veggies were fresh and not soggy at all, the crust was just thin enough,  it had just the right amount of "cheese" and sauce.I will definitely be back!
3	Pizza was great!  Spinach salad advertised pecans - none appeared in the bowl.  Service was quite slow.  The bill needed to go back 3x because of errors...  And it wasn't because I was being picky, it was because of simple math errors!   I'll go back for the food and beer selection however because it's that good!
3	I recommend the happy hour or reverse happy hour for drinks. The pretzel with beer cheese is also amazing. That's about it though. Service is meh. Pizza meh. Prices meh...
3	They have a great happy hour and good craft beers. But they need to keep better track of their rotating taps. Every time we go in and ask what's on it takes five minutes for the person to remember. We asked why they don't have a board or list and they blew us off. Happy hour prices are good. Drinks and munchies are half off. We usually sit at the bar. The one time we sat for table service was a nightmare. The waiter disappeared and we had to go fetch him.
2	What a disappointment. Met up with some family tonight and thought we'd give this place a try since we've heard such great things about other locations. We ordered the pretzels and cheese which absolutely did not live up to the hype; the pretzels were just bread sticks shaped into twisted pretzel shapes. They lacked any and all characteristics of a pretzel. Not chewy, not boiled... we specified "salt", too, but I couldn't detect any salt. They were blah pretzel-shaped breadsticks. And the cheese sauce (for $3.49 extra) was lukewarm with a skin on it and was totally bland. I ordered a cheese calzone with pepperoni, tomatoes, and basil. It made it to the table (five to ten minutes before any of the other entrees) without the requested pepperoni. I dug in anyway and wow, talk about a blah-stravaganza. They must use the cheapest cheese they can possibly find-- it tasted like nothing. Like flavorless glue. Like generic skim milk cafeteria cheese. The calzone crust reminded me of uncooked wheat sandwich bread. It was really bad. I tried to doctor it up with salt, pepper, red pepper, and parmesan (anything on the table, basically), ate maybe four bites and set it aside. My husband ordered a side salad with blue cheese dressing, so obviously it arrived with ranch dressing. He also ordered a small BBQ chicken pizza, ate two slices, and gave up. He and I shared a to-go box out of habit but we literally threw the whole thing in the trash when we got home. Neither one of us wanted to revisit those meals. Another person we were with ordered a pizza-- half Gourmet White and half Magical Mystery Tour-- and she literally ate like three bites. Her husband ordered the avocado sub and only ate half. We all looked around at each other and admitted everything was subpar. And we never say that! We're honestly not that picky, but usually if one little thing goes wrong we'll just blaze ahead and fake complete satisfaction. Not tonight. Service was okay, not stellar. Aside from getting several points of our order wrong, our server (though she did, to her credit, visit our table five or six times over the course of our meal) neglected to ask about bar drink refills until we'd already finished our meal. I could've used another beer after the appetizer, not as I was gearing up to leave. And the rest of the table felt the same. Overall I'm pretty disappointed. I won't be back. There are too many easy, similarly priced options in the Valley for great pizza (LGO, The Parlour, I'm looking at you) to condemn myself to this again.
1	I've tried Mellow Mushroom twice - because I'd heard so many good things about the other location. Was sorely disappointed each time.Salad portions were small, mostly lettuce with very few toppings.Pizza was VERY bland and cold when served - both visits.WAY too expensive for what you get... Fired Pie (SE Corner of Ray & 101) let's you build your own pizza or large salad with as many toppings as you want for a flat $7.75 price - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!Won't be going back to MM!! For a nice sit down pizza place, Spinatto's is only a mile away - incredible salads, pizza & atmosphere - less expensive too!Too many better options close by to waste my time or money here!
1	Okay, so this review kind of breaks my heart. I grew up in Atlanta, and I actually went to HS with the daugher of one of the first starters of this restaurant. I absoltutely. LOVE LOVEEEE Mellow Mushroom - in Atlanta.  The moment I heard there was one near my house, well of COURSE I had to go! I ve gone twice. The prices are comprable to the Atlanta prices so I knew what to expect - but in Atlanta it's so good that  you don't mind paying the high prices even thought there is A LOT of Pizza competition. I've even had it in D.C. and  Charlotte -it's pretty darn good there too. But, the owners in AZ are MISSING THE MARK.  My Gripes1) It just isn't good. I am not a fan of Oregano's too sweet for me. But at least at Oreganos they USE OREGANO. Sigh. Use seasoning and definately use salt. 2)Never call that pretzel thing a prezel (parmesean and garlic). You can get the same thing -6 of them- at Little Cezars for  3.99 :(. It needs a little salt or something? And, more fizz, less pizza crust like??!? 3) Use organic cheese. If I am spening almost 32 dollars for a large Pie (Shatakii mushroom and shrimp) .. I expect organic, not low budget.4) Lower your prices: If you aren't going to make mouth watering; I just came out of heaven pizza, there is no way in the WORLD  I am going to spend this sort of money for a larger version of DiGiorno's frozen pizza. sIGH 5) Never EVER order the salad. That too was almost 10 dollars. And ... not really a lot of salad. I've gotten better from the Habit. :/.
2	You know it's bad when the leftovers don't get eaten.Actually, I didn't HATE the pizza. It was meh for me. The dough had a moist, dense, chewy texture, which I didn't mind but my husband and son were wishing we'd gone to Oreganos (actually, they would've preferred Pizza Hut for those prices!)Tried the Mellowterranean pizza which was quite bland with very few toppings and the turkey & cheese hoagie on rye pretzel bread (completely devoid of flavor--how hard is it to offer mustard or mayo?)The "pretzels" are just pizza dough twisted into pretzel shapes. Since they were hot and salty, I'd have to say that was the highlight of the meal.Ambience is nothing special; don't quite understand the movie theatre theme as it's really only the entry area. The large booths are nice the back seating area is wide open to the kitchen, which can provide entertainment in the form of swirling pizzas and tossed dough but it also means we see that pimpled teens are cooking the food and not really caring if the dough hits the ceiling. Yikes.A Groupon enticed us to try it but nothing will likely get us to go back I'm afraid....
3	Decided to try this place when a friend recommended it as great. We were dining rather late so there wasn't a whole lot of people there. Our waitress was excellent in directing us with our pizza choices. I ordered half mushroom and half meat lovers. I had noticed the mushroom half had no tomato sauce added. I thought that was strange. The meat portion was very good but the mushroom half was tasteless and really need some more mushrooms. I think there were at least 10 count on the whole four slices. When we got the bill I thought the price was high for a medium half and half pizza. A little over $9 for each half. The brew beer was really good. Probably will not be going back.
4	I have always enjoyed Mellow Mushroom Pizza. I grew up here but lived back easy for a while and everywhere I went I always saw their locations and loved eating there so when I saw they expanded here finally I was stoked. Their buffalo chicken pizza is the best one out there and they have the best choices for pies around. The only thing is their wings are not spicy at all. We got hot and my 3 year old was eating them without batting an eye.
4	Really great happy hour!  Great groupon I really suggest especially if its your first time just to get you motivated to try! Definitely recommend the pizza and all the appitizers are delicious especially their cheese sauce fot the pretzels (that you want to dip EVERYTHING in)! All speciality drinks  are half off! Not just well drinks and the crappy stuff. 2 thumbs up for me!
4	I'm updating my rating to 4 stars from 3.  I've made this my regular happy hour spot when I can get there prior to 6pm.  You can't beat the deals and the rotating taps are pretty great.  They've worked on some of my issues with atmosphere so you can tell they're trying.  Also, the bar staff is consistent and very friendly. The pizza is still quite expensive but let me save you some grief; order the magical mystery tour.  It's a pesto base, mushrooms, and jalepenos and it is the best pizza I've had here (and I've had probably the whole menu).  It's unique to Mellow so it makes the price more reasonable.  A medium will feed 3-4 normal humans.
1	My husband went there for date night. Atmosphere great!  If you have a soy or nut allergy do not go here as they have nothing but salad for you to eat. Also will not be going back because my husband got food poisoning from the calzone.
5	The beer selection and variety, in one word:   WOW.  The food; I enjoyed Philosopher's Pie - steak meat , portobello, artichoke, garlic olive oil, feta and yummy Greek salty olives.  This was very YUM and fresh ingredients worth the price.  The dessert:  I didn't try it yet but the picture of the brownie like cake with ice cream and chocolate on top makes me want to go back sooner rather than later.  The ambience:  I enjoyed the funky music playing.  It was an interesting mix of all decades and some other traditional music mixed in. The service:  Wonderful, fast and friendly.   I hope this place makes it, the happy hour seems an amazing deal too.  This well could be my new hangout on the way home from work. The menu looks like you can just about try a new beer every week for a year or more and never have the same one twice.  Recommended.
5	Try the potato pizza, it's a fusion of fantasticness! And to top it off they deliver!!
5	Had the shiitake pizza pure heaven!!! Husband had the steak and cheese calzone and he was more than happy! We will be back! Thanks Groupon!
5	Cool decorations, the restaurant is movie themed. Regarding the food, perfect Mellow Mushroom pizza. Funky Q chicken is the way to go.
5	Excellent movie themed decor, cool bartender PJ, the servers bring your food and know you by name, attractive staff, good parking,  good location.  5 star worthy in my book!  Had the twice baked hot wings, a lunch special pizza with pepperoni,  bacon, n ham, AND a half chicken cheese hoagie w chips.  Excellent prices, very worth it.  I wish I could say more about this place,  but it was my first time.  A mellow virgin.  Def will return, soon.
4	Best crust I've had in a while. As far as the pizza itself goes it's nothing to write home about but still good The extensive draft beer selection coupled with the welcoming atmosphere will make this a regular spot when me and my girlfriend move here next month
5	This place is AMAZING. I have never had better service the bartenders are amazing they have Fenominal draft beers that you can't get anywhere else this place is AMAZING when u come here sit at the bar and ask for Kelly and PJ the best bartenders ever. If u have not been here u need to try it. I have never been anywhere better.
3	Atmosphere was well done,  good service but for a $20 medium pie there was no real wow factor,  good but $20 good.
2	Service was good but the spinach salad I ordered sucked. I ordered the largest size and it was barely bigger than the small. Spinach was wilted and not fresh. Pizza didn't look much better. Would not come back for food.
4	They messed up my order and added cheese the first time. Regardless, it was amazing when my next one came out and they comped it of course. Love this place!
1	Sat there for over 10 min no one checked in us or even anyone pass by to say I'll be your server....we walked out, this place will be a scratch off my places to eat in the future.
1	Super slow service. The pretzels were just flat out yucky, they were hard. The pizza was okay, pretty skimpy on the toppings. There was no feta & literally 4 pieces of sun dried tomatoes & a few very finely sliced onion. The crust is different & a bit soggy. Never offered a drink refill. Had to ask for the waiter to take our menus.  We will not be back.
1	There's an adage that states pizza is like sex; even when it's bad, it's still pretty good.  Mellow Mushroom disproved this theory for me last night.  On this historic night, I had the worst pizza of my life, and I'm dishing out my first ever one-star review.We ordered a $9 Greek salad.  The thinly cut vegetables (i.e. pizza toppings) weren't plentiful enough to distract us from the fact that the bagged iceberg lettuce was browning.  I did enjoy the creamy Italian dressing, which they named "esperanza".I can't find anything nice to say about the pizza.  It was an abomination.  The crust was uneven and undercooked in places, and it was very sweet with a hint of cinnamon, like eating a cinnamon raisin bagel.  The red sauce was also sweet.  The cheese was plasticky and tasteless.  Each piece of our "Kosmic Karma" pie was topped with a Roma tomato slice and a drizzle of pesto sauce, which now seems like a better alternative to the red sauce, but combined to make the pizza soggy.  And to boot, this medium, vegetarian pizza was insanely expensive at $20. Twenty Bucks!I can say that the service was good, and I liked the decor.  It's a brick, multi-level building, a remnant from the Rock Bottom that was the previous tenant.  I also really liked the movie theater theme of this restaurant, which was pretty cool.  (I found out that each Mellow Mushroom location has a different theme.  I'd been to one other location that had a much weaker theme, but much better food.)I was anything but Mellow when I left dinner last night.  Regretful Mushroom would be a better name.
2	With so many great pizza options in Ahwatukee, and throughout the rest of the valley, it surprises me that Mellow Mushroom thrives and survives.  We did not enjoy our pizzas - they were under cooked, soggy, and the toppings were low quality.  Totally not worth the money!  Two stars for good service and a nice beer selection.
1	The service here is horrible. Took forever for our mini pizzas to get to us and when they arrived, it was nothing special. The staff barely pays attention to you; we were there for 2 hours (45 minutes spent waiting on those pizzas) and I think she came by only twice.  We had to flag her down where she was standing across the bar hugging on some other dude (employee or customer, idk) just to get our bill.  Truly another disappointing experience. I've been to this location 4 times and it's just not worth it.
4	Food was good! Waitress was awesome Lorena was her name she was on top of everything! Drinks kept coming food came quick and she was cheerful and took care of everything for us!
3	Absolutely love the pizza here however, I have just ordered the appetizer of a pretzel,  they asked me if I wanted a medium or large...thinking I was going to get 1 pretzel I said large. When I received the order I got 6 disgusting funky sized pretzels that were nothing but hard and did not have any dipping sauce other than marinara and ranch this is not the place to go for a pretzel lover.
4	Lost a star because this place is EXPENSIVE! But it's also delicious... So if you can afford to fork over $40+ for a small pizza and drinks -- go! This location has MUCH friendlier service than it's Tempe counterpart (on Mill). Quick as can be with made to order pizza. I love the pretzels and beer cheese - yum! Can't go wrong with them, but again the price for just the cheese is $3.50+... Love the decor!! And it's huge - good for groups :-)
1	Okay Beer was cold I can say that after that I was somewhat taken back by the lack of a lunch crowd. I tried their small spinach salad I can say it didn't come close to the picture ( nice candied pecans abound) not on this salad. Okay here is the simplicity of the salad spinach, feta cheese, chopped candied pecans, dried cherries, cut apples - balsamic dressing ( you can do this at home). Sat at the bar alone meaning the server taking care of the bar was working the floor friendly but not at the bar so my service suffered. Really leaning on the NOT returning side of the fence. Maybe if back in the area, really wasn't a warm fuzzy feeling. Did get a cold beer though! Sure a fancy place for very basic food at a price. No up selling not the best experience - so I would say try it and if it works for you great otherwise I did share my dime's worth.
4	Ahhhh.... pizza and alcohol after trying on wedding dresses, but that's a different review. Based on previous reviews, we must've lucked out today.  Our experience was nothing like The others. The lunch menu has a half/half pizza special which we ordered 1/2 thai 1/2 maui both chicken with a spinach salad.  The pizza was good.  The salad was ok.  I probably wouldn't order another salad here.   They're way overpriced for what they are.   But.... the salad dressing was excellent. The decor is described as eclectic, which it is.  (See pics lol).  There's an outside patio but it's still a bit too warm for that.  Our server was attentive and several other employees stopped by to check on us.  I will agree that this place is expensive.  They really do have only pizza, calzones,  salad,  and a few appetizers.  And a bar.  Our bill with no drinks was 30.00 for two ppl. Not including tip.  Which is where I'd take another half start off if that was an option.
1	It was the most expensive pizza I have ever seen. I had someone call in an order when I got there I got sticker shock it's just pizza it's good no pizza is worth that. Service I don't know it was a Togo order. They will not see or my family again
4	I drove by this place the other day on the way back to my friends house and decided that I had to try this place out.  I've heard of it before, but never eaten here, so I thought I would give it a try.  My friends and I came in on Saturday night and grabbed dinner.  There were four of us total and we were seated right away.  The place is decorated like a movie theatre, which I really liked. Place is spacious with plenty of seating. Two of my friends split a pizza with drinks, while I went with half a steak and cheese sandwich with chips.  Other friend went with a calzone and drinks as well.The food came out and we all seemed to like it. Service was awesome, and the waitress was really attentive, which we liked.  Our drinks were always full, food was served promptly, and the menu had a great selection of items to choose from.  I got enough chips, but I felt like I got the bottom of the bag as most were smashed under the big ones.I ended up not getting a drink myself, but they have a great beer selection from what I noticed.  I found the drink prices to be a bit high, but not outrageous.  $7 for a beer and about $10 for mixed drinks.  I don't know if they have happy hour or not, but I would probably go if they did.  I tried one of my friends beers, and it was tasty.Overall, we had a really good time here. I don't think it's the best food I've ever had, but I enjoyed my time and would return in the future for more.
5	Had an amazing experience at Mellow Mushroom.  Hosted a baby shower there ave it was simply awesome.  Tara was the best!!
4	Although our experience with the kitchen was less than stellar, our bartender John was extremely prompt, friendly and attentive.  When we disclosed our disappointment with our pizzas both John and Matt(kitchen manager) were quick to remedy our situation and make us feel valued and appreciated. Many establishments struggle from time to time.  Do these folks a favor and let them know where they can improve because we don't want to lose their taps in the "tukee"
5	Amazing food. Amazing, helpful, and respectful staff. Amazing happy hour food, prices, and selection. Amazing wings-can do half and half flavored. Great beers (even though I'm not a beer person). Mellow mushroom is a great addition to the location. Anyone who hasn't been here for happy hour is missing out!
5	I have been back a few more times and have always received excellent service and delicious food. Always leave happy and looking forward to going back. I am always 100% confident when recommending this to friends and family.
4	Pretty dang good! We had the house special but added pineapple and took off the ground beef. A little ranch on the side and our meal was delicious. I normally only get thin crust pizzas because I don't like all that breading but their crust was really good. It has a buttery sweetness but with a wonderful crispy texture. Mmm! Next time I really want to try one of their salads too. For me, pizza and salad are the perfect couple. We'll definitely be coming back here again.
4	Cute decor.  Unique pizza choices.  Will go back again to try more things.   Excellent root beer on tap!
5	Not just  a regular pizza place. Hnd tossed doe makes a big difference. Great flavor and portions.would definitely recommend and eat here again. Staff was very friendly.
5	The food is delicious and the atmosphere is so unique. It's like a old movie set and they have a ton of beers, like 103 of them I think. Definitely worth a visit any time of the day.
4	Very very spacious... Don't think it can ever get crowded ;) I ordered red headed step child and it was decent... I cannot compare it to the amazing cocktails I have across the west coast... Mediterranean pizza and chicken wings for food ... A very pleasant experience for a Friday afternoon happy hour :)
1	I understand that sometimes food doesn't come out as expected at times but even given this my family and I experienced  the worst pizza and or luck ever at the mellow mushroom. After a day of Xmas shopping we headed to the Mellow Mushroom. We have always heard good things about this place so we gave them a shot.  As we were seated everything started off great our server was nice and polite. We ordered a couple of hoagies and a large meaty meat pizza, after waiting 20 minutes for the pizza it arrived super dark, the bottom hard as a rock and you could see by looking at it that it was over cooked. We asked our server about it and she immediately said " oh ya that is over cooked". Well if it was so obviously over cooked why serve it to us? She then called over the manager. Manager Brandon apologized and offered to replace it and remove it from our bill. We thought great! As long as they made it right for us we were good and we thanked him for taking care of us. Well, after waiting about 15-20 minutes Manager Brandon came back to our table and said that there was a problem with the pizza and that they would have to remake another one because cheese being stuck to the bottom of a pan and they could get the pizza out without tearing. He offered us 3- $5 dollars off coupons on our next visits which at this point was not enough as I doubt we'll ever be back. Again, we thanked him and hoped for the best as we were freaking starving at this point. Finally an hour and ten minutes after our initial order our pizza arrived. Looked and smelled fantastic. We dug in and wouldn't you know it my wife finds a piece of plastic in her slice... Are you freaking kidding me!!! We politely asked for the bill, paid and left.... Not even mentioning the plastic to them.. For what? At this point we just wanted out of of there! I gave this one  star because Brandon did try to make things right but apparently he's up against a bunch of slobs in the Kitchen! Lazy, Lazy,lazy!! Advise to the kitchen staff, change careers!! You don't belong cooking to the public!
1	Amazing happy hour totally negated by a large group of off duty employees sitting at the bar being loud and obnoxious- one actually went behind the bar and got his own drink. Female bartender eating behind the bar and on phone. Huge beer selection, but beer wasn't nearly cold enough. Appetizers were cheap and tasty. What could have been a great experience was ruined by the annoying off duty employees at the bar. If you want to do Mellow- stick with the one on Mill Ave- they are pros and the ones at this location are clueless B-leaguers!
5	Fantastic place. In all honestly I was skeptical at first, but the bartenders and food made my experience 5 star worthy.  PJ was very knowledgable and he was my favorite bartender. He was very attentive and a genuinely nice person. I ordered the Thai curry pizza and wow was it full of flavor, I loved it. I will definitely be back!
2	Clearly, I'm in the minority, but I'm struggling to find good things to say about my experience with this chain.  We've had several take out pizza orders and the latest was the worst.  We ordered the Caesar Salad (re: lettuce and croutons) and marveled that they charged us as much for such.  The pizza (pepperoni and mushroom) was remarkably average with lackluster sauce and ordinary crust.  I won't be fooled again.
1	Just ordered the Gluten free pizza and it's totally disgusting! Hard and barely even any toppings on it. I even paid for extra cheese and barely got any. I had it at the Scottsdale location and it was sooo good there. I don't know what the deal is with this location. What a waste of money. Yuck!!!
