1	NOT the same as the original locations. Food was not hot and just doesn't taste the same.  Dissatisfied. Very.
4	Ordered grilled chicken salad. It was pretty darn good and satisfying for a fast food taco joint. Not chincy on the cheese on top (which i was disappointed due to dieting, yet delicious) or the chicken inside. Chicken was not bone dry and inedible, pretty moist as fast food goes. Lettuce was leafy, green and fresh.What stood out to me was there was a young lady empolyee that had finished her shift that had noticed my my eyes wandering (people watching is a hobby of mine, dont pretend you dont as well) and asked if all was ok and if I needed more dressing. Well, in fact I was fine but thanked her and said no. Never have I seen an employee in a fast food place ask so politely AND on their own time, as she was obviously off the clock. So hey, all you America's Taco Shop head-honcho's, this girl is management material. Or at least a shining example of how all employees should treat all customers.I'll be back for sure.I did take the time to point it out to the head-honcho who was there at the time of my meal to ensure she was given props!
2	I was excited to try a new place but wasn't very impressed with the food.  I order a veggie quesadilla, guacamole and chips, and an horchata.  The quesadilla had soggy lettuce and onion inside and the horchata was too sweet.  It also cost a lot for a small portion of food.  It was fast and smelled amazing so maybe if you order a meat item it would be good.  Friends ordered taco's and said they were good but small.  What's interesting is that each meal comes with a radish, slice of lime and cucumber.  Might wait a while and give it another shot once it's settled in.
1	As a regular at the original Americas's Taco Shops on 7th ave and 7th St. I was excited about this location opening up in my neighborhood. However, I was really disappointed. First the menu is really confusing, unlike the original they have different sizes of chips and salsa...really??? The chips were also very stale and cold, along with the carne asada vampiro that had very little carne asada. Do yourself a favor and stick to the original locations!!! Either go to the one on 7 th street or 7th ave it worth the drive...Do NOT GO TO THIS location it was really bad!!
2	I was excited to see this spot open up. It's much closer to my house than the 7th Ave and St locations. I would always go to the 7th ave location and the food is great.This location has issues that will hopefully improve with time. I've been twice1st visit - I ordered 2 al Pastor tacos, one carne asada taco, and chips and guac. They forgot the pineapple on the al pastor tacos and the carne asada was grey and chewy (inedible).2nd visit - Skipped the carne asada all together, and got two al pastor tacos and chips and guac. Pineapple made it into the tacos this time. But, the chips were stale and chewy. Not sure if I will make it back to this location.
2	I'd been to the other location farther downtown and had been into this building when it was still Rubio's, so I thought I'd pop in and see the differences.While the cashier was super nice and attentive, the food was way overpriced and they seemed to be out of a lot of menu items even though it was early evening on a work day. It's basically still a Rubio's with a different name and didn't seem as homey or "local" as the other location on 7th Ave. Wasn't impressed and won't be back.
2	As the other reviewers have stated - this is NOT the same as the 7th St or 7th Ave location.First time in was the taco trio (al Pastor, carne asada, pollo asado) , elote (America's corn) and a large cochata (iced coffee mixed with horchata.) The cochata was brilliant! My new favorite non alcoholic beverage. And the service was friendly. Those are the two stars.The tacos were dull and bland. The corn was just plain sad. So many GOOD elote options in this town.  So many decent elote options. So bummed this was mediocre at best.Second visit was the same taco trio and large cochata. The pork and beef were a little better this time, the chicken was still super lame. The salsa is decent at best.At least the cochata still hit the spot.That said...there are so many good taquerias in the area. Where tacos of a similar size and better quality cost notably less. I don't see any reason to make it back to this sad little America's franchise.
1	Waited 20 mins for 4 tacos and a burrito. Only 2 other people in the whole place. Taste was OK. Will never go back.
1	BAD! Went here with my girlfriend assuming this was going to be the same as the ORIGINAL one on 7th st... Could not have been more wrong. Totally franchised and the people working there were completely un aware of what was going on with their menu. First off we ordered "unlimited" chips and salsa and at this location there are a Small or Large size.. Well we ordered the large, when I go up to get a refill the guy tells me that "only the Large is unlimited" (which is already rediculous and annoying) and when I tell him "we did get the large" he says "oh that's not the large though.." In which I reply with "well this is what I was given I paid for a large" and he replied with "oh whatever then" and then gives me half a basket of chips and throws it towards me. Then we ordered two bean and cheese burritos (we don't eat meat) low and behold two fat pieces of RED meat in the burrito.When the food was brought they gave us no napkins or anything. Atmosphere is exact of Baja Fresh there is pretty much no different even the tables and chairs are the same it's so franchised its rediculous they are all wearing shirts and hats.Do yourself a favor and stick to the REAL one on 7th, friendly KNOWLEDGEABLE staff, great service, great food and ONE size UNLIMITED chips and salsa!
1	I live by the original America's and have been a faithful diner there for years. I was running errands today and finally decided to try one of the franchises. I apparently chose the worst facsimile.First, I noticed the guy who had ordered after us got a triple taco plate and a burrito. He seemed confused and told the cashier, "no, that's okay." the cashier then delivered my husband and me one plate of triple tacos, despite the fact that I had also ordered a burrito. Fine so they mixed up the order and I had to wait.When I finally received my char broiled chicken burrito, it tasted like I had left over holiday turkey and tried to make a burrito out of it. Though I couldn't quite put my finger on it, it did not taste like Mexican food. I had to pour a whole lot of Tapatio on every bite just to eat it.If you want America's, go to the original 7th st location.the historic house is part of the charm and the food tastes authentic. If you're on 16th st. And camelback and you want quick food, go anywhere else.
3	I love America's Taco Shop.  I only gave this location 3 stars due to lack of service. I am used to ATS taking pride in their service.  You can tell this location is a franchise.
1	BAD! Went here with my girlfriend assuming this was going to be the same as the ORIGINAL one on 7th st... Could not have been more wrong. Totally franchised and the people working there were completely un aware of what was going on with their menu. First off we ordered "unlimited" chips and salsa and at this location there are a Small or Large size.. Well we ordered the large, when I go up to get a refill the guy tells me that "only the Large is unlimited" (which is already rediculous and annoying) and when I tell him "we did get the large" he says "oh that's not the large though.." In which I reply with "well this is what I was given I paid for a large" and he replied with "oh whatever then" and then gives me half a basket of chips and throws it towards me. Then we ordered two bean and cheese burritos (we don't eat meat) low and behold two fat pieces of RED meat in the burrito.When the food was brought they gave us no napkins or anything. Atmosphere is exact of Baja Fresh there is pretty much no different even the tables and chairs are the same it's so franchised its rediculous they are all wearing shirts and hats.Do yourself a favor and stick to the REAL one on 7th, friendly KNOWLEDGEABLE staff, great service, great food and ONE size UNLIMITED chips and salsa!
3	Decent food but every time I'm here the service is bad. On my most recent trip, there was a line of 5 people and one girl was clearly not busy (yawning and standing around in the kitchen) yet couldn't help out and take orders. This place needs to improve its service and they'll see better reviews.
3	I have only been here once.  The service was very pleasent and the food was delivered fast.  There were only a few customers which can make for long waits sometimes.I particularly liked the vegetarian quesadilla.  Making it with Jack cheese and fried onions.  Very different and quite tasty.
2	I am a proponent of : If you do not have something nice to say - Say nothing at all. However - This boat is sinking and someone SOMEONE (an Owner preferably) .. America please read my review!! It is a cry for help. Please fix this place. I REALLY want this to work out but - they NEVER have things gone well since they opened. Cold tacos - wrong orders - too long --- awkward service. I KNOW you can do better... because you are! The original location rocks. Is this some ploy to increase business at your original? OR has this been franchised out and the franchisee used to be in some other industry and thought one day "Im going to own a restaurant!" ... Whatever the origin of the problem. Just fix it. So that I dont have to pass this restaurant and drive to the 7th street location for a hot taco. Here is a to do list:Staff needs to smile. Staff needs training on how to answer the phone - guide the conversation and not sound surprised you'd like to make an order for pick up. Sense of urgency. Hot food Hot - Cold food Cold.  If the taco tortilla looks pasty white still - just let it cook a little longer - .... HOT .. Dont give vegetarians chicken quesadillas. Its just wrong. I can come in as your consultant. Let me know ;) Thanks.
1	Went here for the first time. Ordered a taco trio. The cook had gloves on and changed the trash. Then he didn't change the gloves and made my tacos in front of me with the dirty gloves he just changed the trash with. The staff seems friendly and that they want to be there. I cannot comment how the "trash tacos" tasted as I threw them away. What a waste of $7.59.I think the health department needs a visit here soon before people get sick.
1	How does a taco shop get 4 stars off of 150 reviews in one location and absolutely suck in another???I was happy to see this taco shop open up close(r) to my office. I had heard the good reviews of the other location and had been looking forward to giving it a try, so when this one opened it was a no-brainer.I love me some tacos... BOY do I love me some tacos.BOY does this place make a weak one. I got the sampler with one of each. 1 chicken, 1 carne asada, 1 pastor. I ate them in that order and each was less appetizing than the next.When I got back to the office I called the 7th street location to see if they were affiliated. Apparently this a franchise with each location owned independently, so don't take this review as a review of the one on 7th.It is good to note though, that this IS a franchise. Usually not a good sign. I'm not sure what the other location looks like, but this location was a bright and steril looking place like Baja Fresh (who makes much better tacos by the way, but everywhere makes better tacos than this place.). Decades of ruthless taco devouring experience has made me instinctually prefer a seedy looking establishment where English is definitely a second language as a sign that a good taco is about to be served. Some chipper gringo high school girl was at the counter of this establishment.I've had MUCH better tacos at taco bell and Carl's Jr. Sad sad sad.Meat was dry, seasonings flopped, dry thick corn tortillas. I still ate them... they were still tacos after all. They were the worst I've had in quite a long time. This is extra nuts because I got there at 11:45 to beat the lunch rush. Usually this means everything is extra hot and fresh. um...nope.No wonder the place was empty... even when I left at 12:30. Wonder what the next restaurant at this location will be?
5	A must is the Carne Asada torta. The taco trio is also delicious.  We also had the chicken quesadilla.
1	So sad!! Food was cold and not well seasoned unlike the original location. The cook got upset that I nicely asked to get fresh tortilla because it wasn't warm. The other staff were nice. The only thing this place has going for them is there bottled coke! Sucks such a great rep the original place has and this location just ruined it for them!
4	We were there for our monthly Smunch.  Only about half the folks who said they were coming showed up.  Their bad.  Somehow the restaurant had started following Smunch on Twitter so they knew we were coming.  They didn't know all the adults there were also Yelpers.  I think the front of the house was over staffed for anything less than a full house, which it never came close to.Never having been to another America's location I had nothing to compare it too.  Two of our party are regulars at the 7th St and 7th Ave locations.  All of us liked the food and the service.  Fast casual is not a place I would normally tip but the service throughout was good enough all of us tipped on the way out.  I had the taco trio and a Cochata.  Very good stuff.  If you go in and start moving tables around for a group they will actually bring out larger chip bowls and a large serving of each of the 3 dips for the table to share rather than the small serving with one salsa that normally comes with an entree.  I am pretty sure we decided in order that the guacamole, then the spicier salsa then the mild salsa.  In fact the mild hardly got touched.So maybe it is only a 3-1/2 but it was so much better than the previous reviews had led us to believe that I rounded up instead of down this time.
1	This was a learning experience. I learned that we are in Phoenix and should never friend on an American taco. The place is a mild variation on baja fresh and the food is awful. It is a horrible attempt to match the local tacos but fails miserably. This was definitely my first and last time here.
2	I know it is your first week open but the speed and efficiency leaves a lot to be desired. Get it together and I will come back. Having to wait 20 minutes for a to go order when I was the only one waiting for food is not acceptable.
1	I would go to many fast food chains with happy hour and had no issues with paying happy hour prices for takeout. Unfortunately, not at America's Taco Shop on 16th and Camelback.  For two carne asada tacos and one order of chips and salsa-$8.09. My first time here in the city coming from another state,  and for that price, I thought a burrito was a better deal. I had to change my order right away.  The guy taking my order was not happy that he had to "delete everything" and a bad attitude went with the deleted order; talk about terrible service and understanding from someone who can speak good english. I would understand if the place was busy but it was empty. I had to leave that place QUICK! Never felt that uncomfortable being in a fast food restaurant and I would certainly not want to try the food after that experience. I can take my money elsewhere! After reading the reviews on yelp, so happy I didn't try it and went with a healthier option. And the guy who stood at the cashier  happily shouted as I walked out the door, "Thanks Annie!" How condescending can he be, and its not good for customer service. He really sucks. Never coming back. Stay far away from this place.
2	Took the place of Baja Fresh all over the valley.  Really to bad.  The food we got during a non-busy time was cold and delivered at distinctly different times.  Food was at best presentable but the taste was unappealing.  The service was Ok to good but it cannot make up for average to poor food.
1	If I could give a negative star I would but I figure 1 is more if an insult how, if the meat is warm? Can you serve a cold burrito I have given this place 2 chances and I advise everyone please please don't stop at the 16 at location keep going to 7 st or 7 ave locations so very disappointed ted I. This location give the name a bad reputation!
1	This is the worst representation of Americas Tacos. My heart hurts for those who try Americas for the first time at the 16th st location. First of all, it doesn't have HALF the character the other two locations have. This one looks like a dumb ass Chipotle. However, That's not enough to turn someone off about a place though. What turns me off is the terrible customer service. If you hire a bunch of what seems like 16 year olds because they're cheap you're going to get what you paid for. That they did. Everytime I call to place an order the girls sound bored as hell. When I show up they Look bored as hell. One time I went in there was no one in line and the girls at the register didn't even acknowledge me. Instead they flapped their jaws over whatever pointless crap they talk about. Not even a glance. Whose setting the example for good customer service?? Certainly not the gay Mexican manager. I think he thinks he's being sassy and funny gay but he just sounds like a dick. Looks at me like he'd rather be getting highlights then talking to me. One time I couldn't hear what he said my total was and I handed him the wrong change. He stares at me for a few awkward seconds and then said "if you don't know the total is on the screen in front of you." Well I'm sorry Mr. Sassy you are here everyday and know this shit I DONT. What is so exhausting about saying "Oh I'm sorry your total is actually.." The second time he pissed me off I called to place an order (I take two busses to work and I get food here because it's in between each bus) well my first bus was like 15 minutes late and once I got there I said "Hi, I'm picking up a to go order for Tyler" Ceaser Malone proceeds to say " Dude, that order was up 15 minutes ago" maybe a giggle would have made that remark playful banter but no, no laugh no smirk. This fool was dead serious like you are an idiot this was up earlier. Another time I was waiting for someone to come up to the front and help me and after about 2 annoying minutes a troll comes from the back smacking her jaw together eating something from the back. Shit, just swallow THEN come out. Just gross.    Anyways, the service here is comparable to Mcdonalds or Taco Bell. What they do know how to do here is makes soggy quesadilla. What a shame for such a good Phoenix business. Sell outs.
1	The food here is nothing to brag about. I ordered the chargrilled chicken vampiro and it tasted bland. The sauces that came with it were bitter and ended up dousing my food with salt and pepper hoping it would taste better. The portions were smaller. I'll never come back here again. I felt I wasted my money.
1	Guess I should have read the reviews before coming to this overly priced, tiny portion place..The vampiro as they call it was 4.50 and was about 3 1/2 inches in diameter tostada, barely anything on it and not so good tasting either. What a freakin rip off. STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE... unless you enjoy throwing your money away..Negative 5 stars...
2	I've heard a lot of great things about America's Taco Shop so I dropped in while my vehicle was being serviced nearby.  Reading over other reviews it appears this location does not live up to the standards that people expect from America's Taco Shop.  I cannot attest as I've never been to other locations.Oddly enough my complaint is not the good but the price.  I ordered the 3 taco combo and a drink.  With a drink it came in at just under $12.  When my order arrived I was shocked, for the price, to see that it was literally just 3 tacos.  No sides.  I did enjoy the tacos but it was of no real value.  I can go to a hole-in-the-wall further south down 16th St and get great food, and more of it, for half the price.
1	I usually love America's Taco Shop but this location is terrible. My $8 burrito was the size of a taquito and taste bland. It taste like nothing. Usually the Carne Asada burrito is huge and incredibly flavorful. So disappointed since I live right next to it. Stay away. Go to the other locations, they are actually great.
1	I am very disappointed in the food.I order the carne asada quesadillas and they chopped up the carne so small about the size of a nail head a little cheese. They were so thin and it cost me over 8.00 for 3 wedges. I could have gotten more at Del Taco with chunks of meat for 3.00.I won't go there again. Wasted money.
2	Went here for a last minute dinner with my husband and son. I was surpised at how similar it looked to the old baja fresh. I was expecting more of the original decor from the other locations. I ordered the grilled chicken vampiro. I wasn't sure how big it was so i asked the cashier if I should order 1 or 2. She said a lot of people just order 1 but if you're really hungry order 2. I was very hungry so I got that and a carne asada taco. At about $3.50 each I was shocked at how small they were and even more shocked that the cashier actually said one could fill me up! They were both good but not worth the price. My husband got the carne asada burrito which he thought was good and a better portion for the price. Over all the place seems like a more expensive knock off of baja fresh. Plus all the table were dirty.
3	I'm kind of disappointed by this place. My friends always hit up the one in Old Town so I figured it had to be good if they were frequently going back. Everything was just meh. Nothing was special about the tacos. I ordered the trio with hot salsa and I think my favorite was the carne asada. For the price, you can probably find some better options. This just was just whatever and I had heard so many good things about America's Taco Shop...but if you read the reviews here I guess I wasn't the only person not loving it. Maybe I'll give the original location shot bc this was no better than the many chains circling around.
1	I know it's only fastfood Mexican, but this was the most tasteless fastfood Mexican I have ever had.  I cannot tell you about the other locations, but this one, my first, did not leave me with a desire to go back.  And how does a bean and cheese burrito that the menu lists as being made with black beans, end up being made with watery refried beans? No, thank you.
2	First time to an America's Taco. I wasn't impressed.   I will say the Horchata was delicious.The service was okay, the cashier was knowledgeable but they were out of Pastor so I got two Carne Asada tacos in the trio.  I was told the Carne Asada is usually really good, but it was a little dry and over cooked.  Maybe it was just this location.  I might try another location because I love Tacos!
2	Barely mediocre. I'm giving it two stars because it didn't come back up.
2	Average tacos.  Good flavor, but nothing special.Dropped $26 on lunch for two.Very small portions.  Tried the combo #1 - three different tacos for ~$7.5.  Each taco was significantly smaller than my hand -- I easily could have eaten two of the combos.
2	So I've driven past this place a bunch of times and finally decided to stop in and see what it was all about.At best, it was absolutely middle-of-the-road.  I had the combo #1 (one of each taco type).  When I got home, I opened the bag and found a single ball of tinfoil about half the size of my hand, crunched up around all 3 tacos, and that was it.  The thing that was funny to me is that the combo includes NOTHING but the tacos, and is only priced about 10 cents lower than just ordering the damn tacos a la carte, so what's the point of even calling it a "combo"?As for the actual food, it was nothing special whatsoever.  It was basically the same as tacos al carbon from del taco, but at twice the price and all mashed together instead of being individually wrapped (I mean, c'mon guys, is tinfoil *that* expensive these days?)I was really hoping this would become a favorite place since it's so close by, but the whole experience was the exact opposite of what i was expecting.  In my opinion, $7+ for 5.5 oz of mediocre food is not a compelling reason to return - it's freakin chain taco shop, not some foofy French restaurant.In the end, it wasn't horrible (thus I'm giving it more than 1 star - the place looked clean and I didn't spot any food service shenanigans), but definitely not compelling enough to bring this place past 2 stars.  Sorry, America's but that's as generous as I can be - I won't be back.
2	I ordered a couple of carne asada tacos and a large soda for $7.77. They have that soda dispenser that can deliver just about any soda known to man. They were out of the Diet Dr. Pepper so I was saying no bueno until I saw that they had Diet Barq's Rootbeer. Nice save!The two carne asada tacos I had were basically two of the smallest tacos that I have ever seen. The taste was so so. They have a great outdoor patio and plenty of room in the dining area.But I don't see myself coming back to America's Taco Shop.
4	Honestly I didn't want to eat at the corporate version of the original Americas taco but it was just convenience at the time. I went in there expecting the worst and already have it one less star for it looking like the typical chain. To my surprise my breakfast I burrito used the same recipe as the original on 7th ave. the horchata... Not so much but I can't complain overall. I still will choose the 7th ave over all of them.
5	I LOVE this place. It's cheap, it's delicious and it doesn't make you feel miserable later on like other fast food-y type places. The bean and cheese burrito is my fave, no lard!The ladies who work at this joint, (mostly women), are the nicest. They always act happy to see me and now know me by name; I may have a burrito problem.Plus, the company is involved in the community. Just last week they did a #CarneforaCause day, giving 20% of their daily profits valley-wide to Phoenix Children's Hospital. Yummy and altruistic, love that.
1	What happened?! 2 yrs ago when I went to location on 7th street it was good.  This used to be one of the best places to get Carne Asada in AZ. Not anymore.  I had a feeling it wasn't going to be good after I noticed they have pictures of food on the menu.  It's always a sign of too corporate.
1	America's Taco Shop was good, they expanded too fast, went corporate, and now it's not good.
4	Love the location on 7th st. I passed by it after 5pm and saw that it was closed so I went to this one instead. Ordered an XL bean and cheese burrito America's way! So good. Don't know why this spot only has a 2 star review.
4	Mexican style tacos, Tortas, and other Mexican fare but inside a chain restaurant. I love that you can get horchata and the guacamole is better than most Mexican traditional restaurants and I can't complain about the tacos...better than average. Salsa is pretty bomb (amazing!)! Would go there again but wish it was cheaper
1	EH. My burrito was cold and El Pastor was way under seasoned. Such a bummer for such pricey food.
2	Nothing special here. Average tacos and below average service. If you are drunk and hungry this place might suite you.
1	Went here for lunch today as the line for Chipotle (which is across the street) was out the door and I didn't have time to wait.  It was roughly 12:45 and there were maybe 2 other tables of people at ATS. Ordered a regular carne asada burrito with "hot" salsa. Here is where the experience turned south.  The burrito came out within 5 minutes and it was much smaller than I was expecting given that with tax it was close to $7. The "hot" salsa was mild at best and the burrito was not even remotely warm. It was also probably the worst tasting carne asada burrito I've ever had (and i love me a carne asada burrito!). I love the other ATS locations but there is something off about this location.    I would have been better off at Taco Bell or waiting in line at chipotle.  Hell, if i want cold lunch i would have been better off at Subway. Do yourself a favor and do not waste your money or calories eating here. :(.
2	Went here for the first time today.. I ordered the taco combination plate ($7.19). It is only a combo in that there are three different types of tacos (carne asada, chicken, and pastor (Pork). It did not come with any side or drink.. So I ordered a side of beans  ($1.69) and a soft drink. The tacos came out on the little 4 inch corn tortillas, and each taco MIGHT have had an ounce and a half of meat in them. The beans came in a small little plastic souffle cup, maybe 3 ounces at most. They were bland pureed beans, with a pinch of cheese melted on top. For my 3 tacos, spoonful of beans and a drink, I paid over $11.00. Definitely NOT worth the price. Next time I will go to Chipotle, or the Stand on Indian School. At the Stand, the tacos are about $2.50 each, but they come packed with meat and toppings.
1	Very disappointed! My carne asada burrito was cold, the meat dry and tough and slightly crunchy! Only ate it because I was starving and out shopping and needed some fuel. Please don't waste your money here, it is not worth it.
1	This was my favorite spot for almost a year. We always take to go. Order the same thing every time. 2 Tortas with extra carney and Americas way. Today they mess my order up and give us pork. We are Jewish and do not eat kosher but we don't eat nothing that have pork or lard. We did take couple of bites to find out that it was taste funny. Very disappointed. Try calling, they phone is off.
2	Not anything like the original. Ordered a carne asada burrito, she rang it up as a breakfast burrito, refunded my money, made a new transaction for a carne asada burrito, and when I got home bit into a breakfast burrito. Great. Now I paid nine bucks for a breakfast burrito.
4	I don't see why America's gets such a low average rating. Prices are within a dollar or two of a cookie cutter 'bertos where the food you receive is questionable at best.  But food here is fresh, tasty, and unique. Is it unbelievable or absurdly cheap? No, by its darn good. I got 4 tacos today for $2 each. Carne Asada is the best.
3	My wife and daughter like America's Taco Shop and always order the bean and cheese burrito. My daughter says "yummy and perfect"! My wife branched out a little and ordered two chicken tacos. She says "tasty but tiny...soggy shell that falls apart...too much guacamole. It's a chicken taco not a guacamole taco." I ordered a carne asada burrito and I say "awesome! Spicy and good but not too spicy. Cooked onions in it so good!" They need to change their name to America's Carne Asada Shop. The good: Service and burritos. Also liked the salsa.The bad. Tiny soggy tacos. And pricey. Plus 4 of the drink buttons on the soda machine said "empty".3 stars is my review and I'll be back for burritos but nothing else.
