5	Best Sushi in Scottsdale the fish was fresh. Service was great.  Best sashimi in Arizona.
5	Sushi J is a great local sushi spot in old town Scottsdale. Definitely not your 'see & be seen' overrated & overpriced Ra or terrible service of Stingray. Locally owned, Chef J is knowledgeable & takes great care in creating an experience you want to come back for. The salmon skin roll is one of the best I've ever had & the yellowtail sushi was fresh & well portioned. The Lord of Tuna roll with thin slices of lemon, plus "fresh" wasabi was incredible!The portions are generous & the pricing fair. They have great "Happy Day" specials...all day specials vs just a happy 'hour.'Maggie was awesome & so personable on the phone we had to come in for he 4th of July to celebrate with them! Tina was wonderful as well & as a team their service was delightful.If you're looking for your neighborhood sushi spot in old town Scottsdale that's perfect connecting & enjoying sushi with people who want you coming back, this is the place to be!
5	J is a great Chef and had stellar recommendations. Tina was a great waitress and always made sure I had what I needed, Maggie was the sweetest of the bunch...she made sure everyone in the restaurant was happy.
5	New place, nice people and good service.I had the salmon and tuna sashimi and got good large pieces.  Great value and really fresh fish.They have some interesting "low carb" rolls and I tried the Marilyn Monroll based on the server recommendation but I think I will try the Friday night fever roll next time.  Lastly I had the Geisha roll with siracha on the side which was a perfect addition!I will certainly return when I'm back in town!
5	Wow, hidden gem in old town! the specialty rolls here are all extremely unique and there isn't an imitation crab in sight. The building is old and quite unimpressive but don't judge a book by its cover because inside lives a great restaurant. Service was good, and the alcohol selection wasn't too shabby either. I will definitely be back.
5	Great prices, friendly service. Get the Monster roll- amazing and they don't go shy on the fish!They have 30% off dinner and 20% off for the grand opening. I will definitely be back!
5	Its pretty good for a non-Japanese owned Japanese restaurant(note i am Japanese).  I will come again. I advised them to start offering ramen and curry for lunch. We will see...
5	Wow so good!!! I must've said it like 10 times throughout the meal. We ordered The Lord tuna roll, eel roll, and a tempura udon. The udon was good and very flavorful. Tempura was also very crunchy and delicious. The only disappointment was that the shrimp was pretty small.Both rolls were great!! I am especially in love with the tuna one since it had seared tuna on top. The fish was very fresh and everything just melted in my mouth.To top everything off, they are running a 30% off special during dinner time and 20% off during lunch. The price was AMAZING for the quality and quantity of food that we got. I'm very sad that we're just here for business...but I will definitely be back before we leave!
5	This is the new must-go place if you are in Scottsdale!It's not located in the busy street. Perfect for ppl need some munches before partying, clubbing, or simply for the ppl who are looking for a decent sushi place in that area. I'm calling myself as sushi connoisseur from my past working experience in the same industry.. Finally I found a gem in the corner! We ordered chef's choice assorted sashimi plate. It comes with Salmon (me and my hubby's favorite!), Yellow tail, and hmmmm---- with blufin Tuna O-Toro (Belly part of Tuna. It was a bomb!) Everything was very fresh, thick, clean cut, and taste was awesome as its presentation. Of course, the portion was generous.Also Avocado Roll (I like this simple roll!), Spicy tako (Octopus) hand rolls, and Salmon skin roll, and a few chef's special rolls (wrapped w rice paper and no rice.. ) were ordered. I cannot complain of any of the dishes! All were good! Rice was marinated just right and the pieces of the rolls were not over sized with rice. It was just perfect size and feel to bite. I recommend anyone who visit here to sit at the bar. You are in good hands of chef Jay. You can experience the very personal and friendly service... Maggie was great and all staffs seems to be focused and friendly.I can go on and on....You can not imagine until you try yourself! Definitely I will be back and I will recommend this place to my friends!
4	We've been back several times.  Service has been great and sushi has been very adequate.  I'm a sucker for yellowtail sashimi and it has been delectable.  We also enjoyed the specialty rolls which I typically avoid but must admit the Marilyn MonRoll and cucumber rolls we awesome.  Also they have been giving 30% discount for grand opening and that has made it the best deal I'm town. I'd say it's better that the sushi ra and stingray BS while not at Roku Akor, Shinbay calibre but it's not nearly as expensive
4	Place was good as Dozo, better now as Sushi J; we look forward to coming back. The 30% grand opening discount was an added bonus!
4	I like sushi at least a couple times a month and have lived near old town almost 10 years.  RA, Geisha, Kyoto, Stingray (when it was open), are all places I've been countless times.  I think this will be my new spot if I am going out primarily for the food.  The service is really good and the food quality is great and it's one of the more authentic Japanese restaurants in the area (actual Japanese people work here which is rare in Scottsdale).  We loved the Udon soup - the broth was excellent.  I hope some day to see Ramen on the menu.  Also, the sashimi salad was really good and tons of Sashinmi and all fresh.   Pros:mostly Japanese staff that are attentive and good serviceGreat parking - next to Sprouts parking plaza; always can park right out frontCool atmosphere - I like that it's not too small and not too bigNice menu and what I've eaten so far - delicious and fresh
5	One of the best sushi places I have tried. I travel a lot and always try Sushi in every city. Huge pieces of fresh fish on the nigiri with a small, perfect amount of rice. Try the special wasabi. It is amazing. It's not only the fresh sushi that makes this place great. It's the personal touch and friendly chef and staff. The only place I will try when in Phoenix. Was in the Phoenix area in June and ate at another 4.5 star place that was less than stellar. If you like fresh well prepared sushi with great service, SushiJ is a must try.
5	we really enjoyed our first visit to Sushi J.  food and service was really great!   decor is far from hip and trendy but the food and service makes up for the atmosphere.   they have a nice selection of food, the quality of their sushi is excellent and the pricing is incredibly reasonable for the quality and quantity you get  (our party of 5 had drinks, 2 appetizers, 2 teriyaki entrees, 4 specialty rolls for less than $80 before tip).   their portions are big especially the monster roll (delicious and huge!).   if you want a great meal with super nice service and excellent food come here.
5	Amazing!!!  Best sushi in Scottsdale. Jay the owner really takes pride in the quality if the fish. Some of the best yellowtail I have had I. A long time. The mixed tempura a must!!
5	I love sushi J. It was my first time visiting~ The saying, "dont judge a book by its cover" is right! Its very modern and clean inside and I love the layout of the restaurant. I tried the Friday night fever, sashimi, and the udon! I absolutely loved it:)
5	I stumbled on this place while at Petco and am glad we decided to test it out. The food was incredibly fresh and delicious. Sitting in front of chef Jay was the best decision I could have made. Watching him make everyone's food helped start my list for my next visit. Everything looked incredible. I love that they have daily specials 'happy day' instead of happy hours. I will be back. If you are looking for a great sushi place near old Scottsdale with good prices check this place out.
5	Such a great experience. The employees are all so nice! And lovely place, not to mention the unbelievably delicious food!
5	I'm absolutely floored by this place.  Living in LA my whole life, I've sort of come to expect a certain caliber of sushi joint.  I've been lucky enough to experience good sushi around the world as well.  So when somebody at the hotel happy hour told me about Sushi J's, I was sort of thinking "yeah right.  400 miles from an ocean, I'm sure it's great."  But the Yelp reviews seemed encouraging so I decided to check it out.  HOLY COW!  The fish was fresher than most of the placed I go in Santa Monica, Manhattan Beach, etc.  Places that are spittind distance to the LA Fish Market.  The service was outstanding as well. Now I'm not a guy who orders a roll that "looks cool." I order sashimi off the special board and have fairly high expectations.  A cute name on  a roll is NOT going to win me over, but yellow tail toro so fresh it was probably swimming early this afternoon surely does.  Over the past decade or so, I've had some decent sushi in the Phoenix area, don't get me wrong.  But this place is in the top 5 I've ever eaten at world wide.  San Fran, LA, NY, Chicago, etc.  Yeah, I'm still high on my sushi buzz and you can be too.  I just really hope I can find an excuse to get back to Scottsdale soon to eat hear again.
5	If you want fresh quality fish and unique rolls do not pass up Sushi J!!! Don't hesitate to ask J to make you something special, he never disappoints!
5	You know the sushi is great when you can't wait to get home to write a 5 star review! My friend and I sat at the sushi bar. We were pleasantly surprised to learn that J, the owner, makes the sushi. Every roll we watched him make looked like a piece of art! J has talent!I ordered a bowl of edamame (steamed or nuked perfectly), the happy hour Las Vegas roll and the Alaska roll. That was by far the best Vegas roll I've ever had. The salmon and crab meat were soooo fresh! The Alaska roll was good, but I probably won't order it again with so many other choices.My friend had the Candy Cane and Superman rolls. She liked the Candy Cane roll so much that she ordered a second one. The service was excellent- almost a little TOO good because the wait staff kept standing behind us in anticipation of our last bite to remove our plates (were they short on dishes?). I hadn't even started chewing my last piece when he reached to take my plate. I almost choked on my food as I tried to ask him to leave my plate so I could save the sauce for my second roll. I loved our experience at Sushi J so much that I returned the following night to try the Candy Cane roll. My new fav roll AND my new fav sushi restaurant.I highly recommend you try Sushi J!
5	Hands down the best sushi in Scottsdale!  No need to ever go to Stingray again!  Especially since it is walking distance from my home!
5	I love sushi so I basically tried most suhi places in the valley and this is the ONE!!!  The fish is fresh and thick cut, you won't see this kind of sushi anywhere else.  Also, I absolutely LOVED the torched yellowtail, white tuna, and blue fin tuna.  So thick and juicy, just pure yumminess.  And if you like spicy, the Fire in the Mouth roll is awesome.  If you're a true sushi eater, sit and the bar and ask for the special that day.  You won't be disappointed.
5	Delicious food, in this brand new Sushi place. The service is also very good. If you prefer something more quite and intimate, this is the right sushi place for you. :)
5	Made a new chef friend and he insisted I try uni his way... topped with salmon roe rather than massago. Chef J's way wins!  I've been missing out... The salmon roe is saltier and a waaaaay better compliment to uni!  Also, have you ever been able to taste the sushi vinegar used in making the sushi rice? Me neither! I don't use soy, nor wasabi, and only taste pickled ginger between bites to cleanse the palate; yet I've never detected that flavor until tonight. And tonight, fish+rice=simply amazing!Very reasonably priced to boot!
5	I got extremely excited when I saw that Sushi J was opening as I live less than a mile away and am always looking for new sushi restaurants. I went in with low expectations because the old sushi restaurant that used to be there was pretty mediocre, but I was quickly blown away by my very first bite!I came with a friend and we sat at the bar and started to chat with J the owner and head sushi chef. I put our order in his hands and he served us Suzuki (sea bass), Hamachi belly (yellow tail belly), and Big Eye tuna nigiri. Each piece was absolutely delicious. This was the first time I had Suzuki and it was so flavorful and went perfectly with the ponzu he brushed it with. Yellow tail belly was served slightly torched, and was rich and melted in my mouth. Fish pieces were very generous and were in perfect proportion to the rice. Rice was also perfectly seasoned (I am very picky about my sushi rice!) Then we ordered the Lord of Tuna roll which was wonderful and had an interesting twist with some mango included inside. Loved the tuna tataki served on top of the roll. I had accidentally left my credit card there and decided that it was a good enough excuse to come back the very next day.......for yet another sushi dinner! This time I ordered the Fire in the Mouth roll - spicy tuna inside topped with hamachi and jalapeno. I loved how spicy it was, and the combo of tuna and hamachi. I also ordered the scallop nigiri (one of my very favorites) and it was wonderfully flavorful and fresh. I also ordered some hamachi and salmon pieces, again very large, fresh cuts that melted in my mouth.Service was excellent, and it was great to be able to talk to J and watch him make his beautiful creations. Freshest fish I've found in Scottsdale so far. Only thing that would make this place better in my mind is if the atmosphere were a bit more lively or trendy. But still, 5 stars!
4	I told my wife: "Sushi in AZ?!...no thanks!" Soooo glad I did though. Mountain of meaty fresh & well flavored fish!For lunch, we got the J sashimi combo (plus the "ADD" of spicy tuna), cucumber wrap (didn't even get a chance to try it since my wife said it was so good), & Prince of Persia roll (lots of meat and lots of good flavor combo)Sashimi slices were more like burger patties! No joke.  I don't eat rice, but I actually wanted to get some rice because the slices were so big. I hope Arizonians (I'm a San Diegan) support this place so we have a legit place to keep coming back to for business trips.  Side note...The playlist stood out to me because I don't think there was a single song that I didn't like (I know, it's minute, but it helps the ambiance...which, while we're at it, good ambiance, except the tables needed an upgrade).
5	So I'm back again for the second time in a week... and tonight I am requesting Omakase. When I walk in, J's wife greats me, remembers me, and seats me at the sushi bar near J. I order some sake and let J know that I'm along for the ride and I'm excited to try anything he puts in front of me. I love omakase dining! I get to experience the chef's creativity and taste off-menu items that are unique and oftentimes, a little more adventurous. My server James, who is also happy to see me back so soon, quickly delivers the bottle of cold sake that chef recommends, Kikiumo or something like that... is the lt blue bottle. My first dish is presented and J explains that he's made striped bass wrapped around steamed asparagus and a thin slice of avocado. The two pieces are each topped with massago, scallions, and just a few sesame seeds. He says no need to use soy and I'm always more than happy not to mask the subtle flavors of the sashimi with soy. He points out the green sauce in the corner of the plate, pickled wasabi sauce, use just a little bit on top of each bite. Wow! I'm not sure the proper terms to describe the flavors of sashimi, but these bites were perfect mouthfuls of clean and fresh fish perfectly complimented by the sour and spice of the pickled wasabi sauce. Chef continues to educate and entertain me and the other bar diners throughout the meal. He describes each dish he serves to me and seems genuinely eager to know I've enjoyed it. I have buttery yellowtail belly that has been torch seared slightly, garnished, and drizzled with ginger ponzu. It's better than any yellowtail one ever tasted. Chef J brings me fresh bluefin otorro two ways. Two pieces quickly torch seared to bring about the sweetness of the fat with a little ponzu. The other pieces are not garnished at all. Otorro is the best of the best! It's extraordinarily tender and nearly melts in my mouth. Next up, fresh scallops served right in the shell. I love seared scallops and this is my first time tasting fresh, raw scallops. It's a familiar flavor yet with a sweet freshness and delicate soft texture that is wonderful. I may never settle for seared scallops again!Chef J brings me a deconstructed Albacore belly dish. The richness of the fish and creamy avocado, the salty salmon eggs, and smokey Bonito flakes, all balance perfectly with a touch of ginger sauce. Mackerel is next and each piece of fish is topped with a little bit of massago and thin slice of jalapeno. Chef remembers from the first time he saw me, that I think ponzu is overwhelming with this strongly flavored dish and he omits it. We're almost done... torch seared salmon belly in a mustard ponzu is the last savory dish I enjoy before what I'll call the dessert course. Much like ending a french meal with a sweet plating of seared foie gras, chef makes me baked eel with tamago and sesame. The sweet warm richness of this final dish is the perfect ending to a flawless and fresh fish adventure!
2	Presentation was good, but the quality of the fish wasn't there and the prices were pretty high too, $8 for a spicy tuna and all specialty rolls were more than $12.  The "deal" rolls are the same price per piece as the regular rolls, just less pieces.  Even with the 15% discount because they just opened I was still disappointed.  Overall I probably won't go back.
5	Love love... this place. I don't usually review for a restaurant cause I am lazy. However, this place is worth a five star. I don't need to say much.. real crab and fresh sushi said it all. I HATE FAKE CRAB STICK. No matter how famous is a sushi restaurant as soon as they have the crab stick that is nasty..
5	Blown away today. The fish was fantastic. The Marilyn Mon roll was delicious. I regularly dine at high end places in LA and Chicago and the food quality matched any of them. The ambiance was fine - simple, not high end, certainly not trendy. Exceptional value for price. Fantastic service.
5	I am always hesitant when trying new sushi places; however I went here for a friends birthday with a huge group and was very surprised. It's clean, modern and very well kept. The owners clearly take pride in their business. The service amazing. The food is even better. Homemade Wasabi- WOW. it's the best. Rolls are made to order with super fresh ingredients. Miso soup was hot, flavorful and had great seaweed in it. They brought out a plate with butterfish and I was very iffy about trying but I'm glad I did. Overall I couldn't be happier. The prices are also very reasonable. If you are hesitant about going here- don't be. It's bomb.com.
4	A couple of my Sushi peeps were bragging about this place and I had an opportunity to check it out.  I'm so glad they talked it up, it was very good.  Service was a little slow but I'm going to chalk that up to culteral differences since I was having a power lunch and my server was trying to keep it casual.  We tried three rolls, Philly, Spicy Tuna, and THE roll (in house specialty).  They were all thick rolls, almost to the point of being too thick, but very very good.  The Miso soup and salad were great starters as we waited for our rolls to be prepared.  Both my friend and I will be returning to enjoy this resturant again as well as my other friends!
5	Wife and I looking for sushi after 10 months of pregnancy and banned from anything raw we reluctantly ventured out with our five day old and found sushi j just around the corner from where we live.  I work in San Francisco and have traveled quite a bit dining at some of the best sushi restaurants in the country so know quality fish when I see and taste it. I highly recommend sushi j!!!  We had the sashimi combo which featured yellowtail, salmon, albacore, and tuna. The portions were huge and the fish extremely fresh. Some of the best I've had and definitely the best ive had in phoenix. Also had the spicy tuna handroll and a special roll simply called THE roll.  Staff very friendly and prices are reasonable. Excited about quality sushi in my hood!!!!
5	Love this place!!  Sashimi slices are generous!!  Service is great!  My new favorite place!!!
2	Came here for lunch and was unimpressed. The waitress brought us soup and salad as soon as we sat down and then was gone for like 10 minutes. No drinks. I did not try any sushi, so it could be spectacular for all I know. I had the lunch portion of Teriyaki beef, which was a good portion, but the meat was really tough. I did like the sauce, though.We also ordered gyoza, which I liked, but the dipping sauce was off. My bf ordered the Tempura lunch, which was a good portion but again, the dipping sauce was off. Probably would not rush back here, but I am always willing to try something more than once, because you never know!
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars, it won't let me do 4.5 and I'm not sure they deserve 5.The food was good. I ordered the "Samurai" roll and the "Philadelphia" roll. The samurai was a new one on me completely and the Philly is an old standby that's pretty standard at all sushi places. That being said, the service was great. Waitress made us nervous though when she took out order and the table next to us order, and did not write anything down. She did get the orders right however which was grand! My wife's food took a little extra wait to show up, which over all wasn't a big deal. At the end of the meal they gave us complementary green tea ice cream for the wait. Completely awesome surprise. The samurai roll as mentioned was something I've never had before, it's main ingredient is spicy tuna ( one of my favs ) this roll was great! Not too spicy, and a fantastic variety of textures and flavors. The Philly roll however left something to be desired. All the standard ingredients are there, salmon, avocado, and cream cheese. What made this Philly roll different? I think they used a fat free or lite cream cheese, which is great for health conscious people. And one I normally wouldn't mind, except fat free cream cheese has a different texture than regular cream cheese. So the whole roll felt different, the taste was there, but the texture was off which was disappointing. But the great service and nice atmosphere will for sure get me back into this restaurant however I probably won't be ordering the Philly roll again. If you are a fan of good sushi and great service, this is the place to go!
5	Don't judge this restaurant by its exterior. Good fish and well done sushi. The staff and sushi men are fantastic and have a great memory for return customers! An oasis in the TJ Maxx parking lot.
5	This place is great. I'm gonna have to recommend it any who is interested in good sushi
4	Prompt service is the first thing that comes to me. I walked in alone and was instantly greeted when I walked in , the ambiance is a little dark and dingy, but the delightful staff makes up for the lack of decor. My order was very straightforward , spicy tuna roll, and miso soup. Two staples that I think put a restaurant to the test, and I think they passed with flying colors. Fresh ingredients, substantial portions, frequent water refills, and happy staff.
5	Try the monster roll, you will not be disappointed, it's massive but tastes amazing.  The sushi J roll is good and the fire in the mouth, they pair their sauces really well.
4	Friendly, good service, ordered salmon skin roll, spider roll-both very good. Salmon sushi was fresh and huge pieces, rice good consistency. Nice atmosphere, good product. Here on business, but will visit this place again.
5	Wow!...what a treat it was to eat here this evening ...very fresh...greatservice...nicely decorated...fairly priced...can't ask for more...
5	I love this place!!! You can rate a sushi restaurant by its miso soup and they for sure pass!! Love their miso and salad. Agedashi tofu is amazing!!!! Sushi portions are great too--never had such huge pieces of fish for nigiri. They are great!
2	I really don't understand the high ratings. One of the reviews below states, "You can rate a sushi restaurant by their miso soup and they sure pass!!" REALLY?? It's like saying "you can rate a steak house by how good their steamed broccoli is." WHAT?? This person is obviously clueless.The only thing this restaurant has going for them, aside from these deceptive reviews, is nice people. I have never spoken with the owner, but he seems like a nice guy.I have been here three times now, ordering different things, hoping to like it since this place is just around the corner from me. The food is just not acceptable.Miso Soup: Gross and super salty (coming from somehow who likes salty things).Salad: They use a spring mix...it came really, really, wet and tasteless. Tempura Udon Soup: Tempura tasted like it was fried in old oil.Sushi/Sashimi: Yes, large portions, but the quality of the fish is not good.Agedashi Tofu: Again, tasted like it was fried in old oil.I ordered their hand rolls today and couldn't even finish it because they were no good. i left still hungry. The owner and the employees should take a moment to eat what they are serving. I don't plan on going back.
5	Being that I travel for a living and my overwhelming enjoyment of prerty much all things sushi, I like to try as many places as possible when it comes to sushi bars. This one is amongst the best and is my favorite!  Not exactly cheap mind you. For the best deals come in Sunday through Thursday and select from the Happy Day rolls.
5	Well, you have to give this restaurant a try. I believe it is absolutely the best sushi place in town. Everything is fresh, never  frozen. Jay is the sushi chef and is glad to explain the different offerings. The Sea Urchin was incredible (tasted like oysters). Others around us how disappointed they had been with this entry in other restaurants, and how much they enjoyed it here. The service was fast and friendly, everyone who works here is upbeat. Very clean too. We are so lucky to have such an outstanding sushi restaurant in our neighborhood. Thank you Jay!
5	Finally a sushi place not far away from my place in Arizona that is actually really good.  I would highly recommend the Marilyn Mon-roll if you are looking for something on the light side with fresh crab and lobster.  If you are looking for a decadent roll, I would recommend the Candy Cane.  I can eat those again and again like I was addicted to a substance.The prices are a little high, but it is the best sushi I have had in Arizona, hand down.  The ambiance is very quiet mood with a romantic type of lighting.  I would highly recommend going here for a date night.
5	I don't get on Yelp to rip people, especially when most people do usually after only trying a place once but when they are good I definitely like to let people know.... I'll keep it simple , all the staff were great, totally friendly and did an awesome job. As for the Sushi, I'm not a pro but tasted very fresh and thoroughly enjoyed it.. we tried several different rolls and all were very good..... I think one was called the Fire Mouth and  they were delicious .... Want good sushi and service, check it out
5	Very good Rolls and friendly people , asked to turn airco lower and they did . I Will come back for sure .
5	Uber Fresh and Delish!I always sit at the bar and talk to the owner. If the fish isnt fresh, they dont have it. Uni is from Santa Barbara. They get toro in usually too. They are moving locations in the same plaza.M-Th they have happy hour all day
5	Update: second time at Sushi J. Much better than first! Took the whole family this time. The wait staff was excellent, our little "monsters" can be a handful for everyone. I took the Monday Night Football suggestion of the "Cardinals Roll" and it was a FANTASTIC surprise! We loved it! Also, I re-ordered my standard Philly Roll and was wonderfully surprised that the cream cheese was perfect, it was standard full fat cream cheese. I know it's strange, but light cream cheese changes the whole texture of the roll.  I am extra excited to change and update this review, love this place even more now!
5	We came here on a very high recommendation from a friend who owns THE top restaurants in Scottsdale (Posh!) and Sushi J kicked ass.  I value freshness, presentation and a chef that knows how to bring out the flavors in the fish.  Everything was spot-on and I heavily recommend it if you're a fan of sashimi and nigiri.  It doesn't have the "ooontz ooontz ooontz" of most other sushi joints trying to moonlight as a dance club, which is a HUGE plus.  Sushi should be about the fish, the chef and preparation.  And Sushi J is.
5	This is an easy review to write. Good clean fresh sushi. They use real crab meat in all rolls. Pricing is on point. The location is moving to the other side of the street toward the end of the year. Service is great and all the fish was on point. I had the ahi sashimi, the salmon nigiri, and the fire mouth roll. Exquisite!!! Must try sushi place!!!! Ask for the pickled wasabi mix.
5	Went there last night. The service was great fast and friendly,  what more could you ask for.  I ordered the Las Vegas roll which was very good, California Roll which was good and fresh and the tootsie roll which was also excellent. The best part was the prices, the Happy Day special makes it a very affordable and quality Sushi place in the Old Town area. Highly recommend to anyone who is a Scottsdale local who wants affordable but very good Sushi.
3	We went on a Saturday night. It is a small place and was pretty busy. They didn't have enough people working and service was a bit slow. I couldn't decide whether or not to get the Geisha roll or Cardinal roll. I decided on the Cardinal roll, spider roll and my husband got the Samurai roll. We didn't care for the spider roll. It had a weird taste. The waiter brought me the Geisha roll instead of the Cardinal.  It was good but the Samurai was better. As we finished up the waiter realized I got the wrong order and brought me the Cardinal roll on the house. I liked it better than the Geisha. Overall, our experience was OK. I can't say it was any better or worse than anywhere else I have been.
5	Since discovering Sushi J, its become my favorite weekly visit.  Foremost, J (Jay?), is simply excellent at his craft and has created a nice, casual environment with excellent service from a kind staff.  He's particular about the fish he orders (i.e., making sure that certain species come from specific regions, etc.), is happy to make recommendations or create something special for you.  This is one of those places that I'd rather keep to myself and prevent the word from getting out so that I can always get a seat at the bar, but it just wouldn't be right for me to withhold my 5 stars!
5	I wish I could give this place more than five stars. The sushi was amazing. We had the blue find tuna sushi with fresh wasabi...it wasn't in a paste form. So good! I've never had tuna that actually felt like it was melting in your mouth. Sounds weird, right? But really..just like that.We ordered a variety of sushi & rolls. Everything was wonderful. So fresh. The chef explained where they sourced different types of fish & why. Very informative. Service was great. I loved it when it was Dozo too. So happy to have this in the neighborhood!
5	...the service, attentiveness, and food all just keep getting better and better every time I'm there!  To the serious sushi lover, I could make no greater recommendation!
5	I was greeted right away and the place was  nice and clean. The staff is friendly and hopeful. The food itself was amazing and I would definitely be back!
5	I went to Sushi J two weeks ago with my wife and a couple of friends. The entire meal was awesome. I only had sushi and sashimi, so I can't talk to the other items on the menu. However, everything I ate was very fresh and tasted fantastic. The only things I would change: Colder beer and warmer room temperature. The beer was cool, but I like my beer very cold. The restaurant air temp was a little cold for me, but I think it was because it was chilly outside. That is all I would change.I would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for great sushi and at a good price.
5	So fresh! This is my new favorite spot for sushi. The roll combinations are unique and I am yet to be disappointed. Highly recommend the Prince of Persia. It has just the right amount of crunch and fresh tuna. I love that they don't have BS rolls with cream cheese that are ultra deep fried. Only the real deal. The size of the special rolls are massive as well. You will get plenty full here. The prices are very reasonable as well, even when you go Fri-Sat when "Happy Day" prices are not valid. Ended up getting 3 rolls and an appetizer to share for around 45 bucks. Not bad at all!
5	I love Sushi J. I have been there every week since I first found it on Yelp!  The fish is fresh and the staff is so nice.  Jay is awesome and remembers what I like...ankimo, uni, aji, nato, etc.  I am a self proclaimed sushi snob and I have not been disappointed yet.  I am not usually a big fan of rolls, but the cardinal roll and fire in the mouth are great.  If you are daring , go here and ask for the "Jessica" special....yummy!
3	Sunday: Ordered the tuna roll but asked for it teka maki style and it was fresh and just the right amount of rice to fish ratio.  Also ordered salmon sashimi and superman roll which were also good, but the tuna roll was what I thought was best. Oh, and tried the butterfish for first time and thought it was good too, but since was my first time ever for this fish i have no reference but liked it.  I actually went there to see if they had high quality toro, but, sadly, I was told they don't serve it even though it's winter time:-(...boo.Nice quite atmosphere and clean dinning room.  Mom said the bathroom smelled sewage like and that they should deodorize or fix sewage pipes (they just opened for the day).  No such smell in dinning area and i didn't use mens room, so don't know if same in there.Service was pretty good for just one waitress, but we had to wait 15 or so minutes to order second round of sushi.  Almost asked for check instead, but son was really hungary.  Again, it was a Sunday and we showed up at 5:20pm, so i'm not going to fret too much because it is a small local business. Not dying to go back, but it is on my list of good enough to recommend if one is in the area and not looking for fatty tuna on menu.
1	I am extremely disappointed with my experience at Sushi J last night. We were seated right away, the bus boy was kind and took our drink orders and after a while our waitress followed. She took the orders of half our table and put her book away, thanked us for our order and I reminded her that I still needed to order. We waited. And we waited. Finally the first of our order came out and we waited some more. It's fine that it came out a little at a time but the wait in between each was very long. I watched as people who arrived after us received full orders while I was still waiting. After 30 minutes of waiting for my last roll to arrive, I wasn't hungry anymore and wanted to cancel the last roll. Everyone around me had finished their dinners and wanted to go. I was just about to tell them nevermind when it arrived, 40 minutes after ordering. We asked what took so long and the waitress, non apologetic, told us they had a lot of take out orders. I took that to mean that all the take out orders were more important than me, who was sitting in their restaurant, waiting. She still wasn't apologetic when she said she would give us 10% off. In fact, at our complaint she seemed irritated, playing more to the idea that my satisfaction was meaningless to her as she had more important customers to tend to. In short, I will not be returning to Sushi J. If their take out orders are so important to them, perhaps they should switch to a take out only restaurant. Maybe then, in house customers won't be such an inconvenience to them.
