3	Have been to the DC Ranch location a few times, and have had decent pizza, so after a little shopping at Kierland and in the Scottsdale Quarter, decided we felt like being bad and having some pizza.  *pm on a Saturday night and this place is still packed!  We get lucky and grab a bar table so we didn't have to wait 40 minutes.  We ordered a caesar salad, dressing is more of a vinaigrette style with a little lemon flavor and not creamy and sharp with parm and anchovy.  Pizza comes piping hot and cheesy with baby mini pepperonis and sausage.  Next time we will forgo the pepperoni as they were a bit on the greasy side.  ( as most are..) It's not as thin as a lavosh style pie, nor is it too bready like a NY style one, it's linda right in between.  The first couple bites need a fork and knife, and the rest can be eaten by hand (I fold lol) It's treasonably priced, and it's decent pizza.  The service is courteous, quick, and you are in and out pretty quickly.  The bar is open to the outside and there is a small outdoor patio as well.  There is a parking garage that has the quickest access on the East side of SQ it's the closest to Grimaldi's.  But really, it doesn't matter because it's a nice shopping center to walk around in, especially because there are way more shops open in it now.
4	my first trip here, on a thursday night. a little crowded but not too bad. we were sat right away, and immediately had someone ask what we would like to drink. we ordered a small pizza (which was actually pretty big) and just water. waited....and waited....finally wondering where our food was. all of a sudden the manager comes out and introduces herself. explains to us "i didnt like the way your pizza was coming out, so i had them re-do it...sorry about the wait" apparently our pizza was cooking uneven and would have come out either mushy, or overdone. when our pizza finally did come out it was great.
3	As a fan of the other 2 Grimaldi's in Scottsdale I was excited to see this spot open.  The space is well-decorated reminiscent of the NYC subways.  It's got a large dining area with some additional seats in the back as well as some patio seating with a half inside/outside bar.  The servers are friendly and refreshingly competent without the attitude.  The food, however,  wasn't as good as have had at the other locations.  I've only had a pizza and calzone at this location but both times were just ok.  They use fresh mozz and the flavors were pretty good.  The crusts weren't as crispy and a little bit too charred with a lot of soot.  I love the crusts but had to throw away a good 1/3 or so of the pizza.  Not sure if they're still tweaking the process but holding out hope that they'll get their act together soon.
5	This was my first Grimaldi experience and I was blown away.  Huge portions - HUGE.  I had the house salad and it was fresh and tasty.  I did a personal pepperoni and kalamata olive with pizza with red sauce and couldn't finish it, it was so big - more than enough for one person - the tomatoes were extremely flavorful and the pepperoni and olives were delicious.  We'll be back!
2	I had an hour to kill and thought I would grab a bite and wish I would have saved the caloric intake for something else,  the pizza was really greasy and soggy with a very plain and basic crust.  There was no flavor or tender crunch that I recognize with their style of pie, I'm hoping this was an off day as it is a new location but they need to work on it quick.
2	We arrived at 7:00, had a party of six, and were able to be seated within 15 minutes. Fabulous, considering the number of hungry people coming into the restaurant that evening, but we have always had good luck getting right into Grimaldi's, regardless of the location.The new Scottsdale Quarter location has great ambience and service going for it, but I was sorely disappointed by the quality of the pizza. One of the reasons my partner and I keep going back to the Old Town location is for the consistently tasty crust: crisp and thin, yet chewy and moist as well. Our pizza last night had a thicker crust and too well done, by comparison. Maybe the QC will improve as time goes on--I'm sure we'll be back to see.
3	The pizza was delicious, no doubt.  I loved that the pizzas were made with organic ingredients and made to order.  I had the chicken, spinach, ricotta, white pizza.  The greek salad was perfectly seasoned and tasty.  The server was also knowledgeable and friendly.  The only downfall...it was over $100 for pizza for a family of four.  We did have to wait for about 30 minutes for a table, but understandably it was a Friday night.
4	The first thing worth mentioning is the adorably cute pizza slice shaped buzzers! I secretly added bonus points to Grimaldi's just for that. It made the short wait for our table kind of exciting as I waited to see how cute the darn thing is with the pepperoni and green peppers lighting up. I can't help it. I dig clever little things like that.But on to the food....we ordered a pizza and a small bowl of caesar salad. The fiance was super hungry so he ordered us the antipasto appetizer as well. The appy and salad were really good  with a fresh taste and light feel. I think it actually paired really with our pizza so it was nice to have both. The pizza itself is thin crust and baked in a coal oven so it's crispy and a little smoky. All good stuff in my book. The pizza was crispy yet moist and the toppings tasted great. The fiance really liked the pepperoni here and I had to agree. We were excited that we were going to have pizza leftover to enjoy again later at home!We waited about 15 minutes for a table but it was Friday night dinner so I consider that a victory. Service was great and pleasant with someone checking in frequently to see if we were doing all right and enjoying our meal. I love the ambiance and feel of the place - I wanted to take home one of their wine bottle chandeliers!PS: Don't forget to sign up for emails from Grimaldi's! They send you a pretty awesome coupon for your birthday!
5	Best pizza in town! Service is exceptional and the manager stops by every table to welcome and greet customers. Ya gotta love em!
4	This is one of those spots I would probably deem a 3.5 if there were half star options, but since there aren't, I decided that it was worth rounding up. I got the chance to check out the newest Grimaldi's while on the way to a graduation party. We wanted a casual atmosphere in North Scottsdale and decided Grimaldi's was it! It was around 6 PM on a Saturday and we got a seat on the patio right away without a wait. The decor of Grimaldi's has the same vibe as the others but with a North Scottsdale feel to it. They have split patios that hold about six-ten tables each. Red checkered table clothes line the tables and apparently they are even on hand for for customer's who get chilly. Seriously, I saw a customer eating at a table while wrapped in one of the red checkered table clothes. I really liked the private room they have with about six tables and big enough for a group of probably 15-20. For those who want to drink their dinner, they also have a bar in the front with bar seats. Moving on to the food, this is the same Grimaldi's food as other places. We started with the Cesar Salad which tasted like your typical Cesar Salad. For the entree, we went for a sausage, mushroom and pepperoni pizza. Now the only problem I have with the pizza is that sometimes it doesn't have enough cheese or sauce, so to fix that we asked for extra cheese and sauce and that absolutely helped! I really like the pizza but only when I eat it at the restaurant. Every time I get the pizza to go it gets cold and loses the taste. This is a great addition to the Scottsdale Quarter and I think it adds a family atmosphere option to the area. Parking here is such a hassle though that I will probably stick to the Old Town location for the most part, but when I'm in the area, I will definitely keep this as an option.
4	I've been to the Grimaldi's in DC Ranch and the one in Old Town.  This new location is very good as well.  In my opinion, the best seat is at the bar facing outside.  The view of the McDowell Mountains from that spot is great.We chose a pizza with ground beef, mushrooms and onions.  It came out perfect.  Thin crust so you don't get too full.  The large size was enough so that we had a few pieces for leftovers.  Washed down with a couple of Blue Moons, it was a nice dinner.
5	I almost wet my pants with excitement after six days of stringent dieting... when finally my prescribed 'binge and eat whatever the heck you want' day came upon me. What better way to splurge on calorific goodness than with a thin crust NY style pizza!  A nice pizzeria... which, although lacking in that authentic original hole-in-the-wall Grimaldi ambience... is well worth a visit. The calzone was marvellous, as was the custom margarita with extra sauce and fresh tomatoes. Being all authentic and such... no chillies or hot sauce. Salivating already at the prospect of returning to this shrine of thin crustiness!
4	Mmmmm...  garlic!A recent Sunday afternoon found us wandering around the Scottsdale Quarter.  It was around 3pm, and many of the restaurants were in the lull between lunch and dinner - a great opportunity to try the newest Grimaldi's location without a crowd.  It is no secret that I am a fan of pizza.  While I am typically a 'pepperoni and mushroom' kind of girl, having visited the Grimaldi's DC Ranch location I knew exactly what to get - the White with Garlic pizza.  It is a simple sauceless combination of flavorful cheese and garlic.  Lots of garlic.  And that is a good thing.We ordered the large, which proved to be much bigger than expected - it nearly covered the entire high-top bar table, making it interesting to juggle plates, pizza, wine (house Montepulciano) and water glasses.  Hey, there are worse problems to have!I look forward to enjoying more of that coal-fired garlicy goodness soon!
5	"The best Pizza " do I need say anything more??
5	Grimaldi's Pizzeria entered the world by way of Brooklyn.  Coal oven brick pizza, for those wanting a break from hearty deep dish, is a nice break.  Grimaldi's goes to great lengths to preserve their New York true ingredients:  claiming the secret to their true New York-style pizza is "in the water."  They hired a chemist to analyze, recreate the mineral content, and composition of the local water in New York.  This composition is replicated and installed by a custom water system at each Grimaldi's nationwide.  Talk about keeping true to form!  (Facts acquired from Grimaldi's Story online)Upon entering to the right-hand side, there is a small bar area and patio seating.  Main dining area is front and center, with even a room in the far back for private parties. You are immediately greeted by the hostess and promptly seated. The feel is old New York, nice and dim lighting but not too dark. I particularly love the wine bottles suspended from the ceiling as lights.I ordered their thin coal oven pizza with Italian sausage, black olives, and mushrooms.  Thin crust and evenly loaded with toppings. It's easy to eat more than a normal serving due to the deceptive thin crust. Regardless, it is a delicious mistake to make. Pricing for each topping is additional ($2.00-$5.00 each additional topping).  It might work out better for future menus, if they created pizzas priced accordingly with toppings already added.AdvertisementDessert cannot be ignored.  Their home-style Oreo cheesecake ($5.00) is decadent and delicious for any Oreo fan.  If you are looking for other dessert fare, they also have cannolis ($4.50) and tiramisu ($5.00).Sign up for their VIP Newsletter, to keep ahead of special events.  You will also receive a coupon in your email for a free large pizza on your birthday!The staff here is friendly and accommodating, even the manager came over to say hello and check in on my experience.  If you cannot get to New York right away, Grimaldi's Pizzeria is certainly worth your time.  They take great pains to keep to their history and content, and one can taste this in every bite.
5	We visited the Scottsdale Quarter location and this pizza is so good.  Had extra cheese and meatball and it was hot and delicious!  Great vibe, and fast, friendly service.  The location is new so everything is clean and the staff is sparkly - great brand execution.  Will return many more times.
5	We've been a fan of Girmaldi's since moving to the Valley nearly 5 years ago.  We too were frequenters of the DC Ranch location until the Scottsdale Quarter opened up!  Sorry DC Ranch!!!The service is ALWAYS great at the Quarter, and the manager Marla is just incredible! Not only is she attentive to every single guest, but she anticipates everyones needs.  If there is a ever a problem, the management is right there to correct that and make sure that you are happy and leave satisfied and ready to return...!So go to Grimaldi's Scottsdale Quarter and tell Marla, "Van the Realtor" sent you in to have the best pizza and service in the Valley....!
5	We decided to try Gtimaldi's after reading other reviews...we are so glad we did!!  The pizza was delicious & the service was outstanding. We eat a lot of pizza at different places and this is by far the best we've had. The staff were outstanding too!!  Great experience, any time we are in the Scottsdale area we will eat at Grimaldi's.
4	Had a great experience at Grimaldis before catching a movie.  Pizza was excellent and the toppings were obviously fresh and of the highest quality.  Wine is reasonably priced, though the server did not have much knowledge of the selection.  We will definitely be back.
5	I had previously eaten many times at the main location (4000 N Scottsdale) and also DC Ranch so I knew what to expect and believe me, this new addition to the Grimaldi's expanding empire definitely lives up to their very high standards.  Grimaldi's has locations in several states now --- GO GRIMALDI'S!!!  :))Thin crust is wonderful!  My personal favorite is with fresh mozz and fresh basil.  Keeping it simple.  I have tried many of their other toppings though and they were also wonderful (even the anchovies, which I usually don't like but for some reason I really *do* like the ones that Grimaldi's uses!).Service is always courteous, prompt, friendly, and if you have been there more than a few times they will remember your face and name (or is that just me? Hahaha! Kidding!).I personally think that this pizza is good enough to take on Chicago pizzerias and have told Grimaldi's corporate this.Coal oven brick pizza, recreation of the local water in Brooklyn in order to obtain the crust texture, crispness, etc. with fresh ingredients and each pizza is made to order.  The care that they put into each pizza shows.Oh---they've opened up Coal Burger too!  I haven't tried that yet.  Will need to do so!  Will definitely keep you posted on that!
5	Invariably the conversation of "good pizza" comes up when you are speaking to new friends in this wonderful city.  I can say without hesitation that I have yet to have anybody not agree with me that Grimaldi's is fantastic.  I have been to three of them and the atmosphere is good at all of them but the pizza is great.  The only reason that I can truly give as to why their pizza tastes so darned good is the ingredients.   It seems like everything is not only fresh as can be, but also the best possible quality.  From the cheese to the vegetables to the meats that they use...they all seem to be the best of the best.If you have one choice for pizza, try this coal fired creation.  It is truly worth the trip.  As good as a New York styled gets unless you need the grease, and lets face it....that can be good too but this one lets you walk out feeling good about yourself.
4	I had a pizza with tomato, onion, fresh garlic and fresh basil it was good. The only thing I wish they would have is spinach and my sauce on the pizza.
4	Grimaldi's is really good pizza.  It does remind me of many of the pies I had in NYC (reminds me of Arturo's a little bit) and I think their topping selection is awesome.  It's a crispy crust with just the right amount of chewiness and flavor.  Sauce has a nice flavor but I think it's a little nervy to charge extra for more sauce.  I've never had a pie from there that was greasy.The DC Ranch location is beautiful, what a great place to sit outside with a delicious pizza and a cold beer.
4	Great pizza! I even liked the salad. There are so many pizza places, but I like variety and good quality toppings. Everything was fresh and hot! The food came out pretty quick as well. My little one enjoyed the pizza too. Great for families!
2	Okay, I SO don't get people's obsession with Grimaldi's.  This is the second time I've tried is (I thought the first time I didn't like it was because I just ordered the wrong thing), but this latest trip confirmed my dislike. And I know what it is. The cheese. Oh no, not the cheese!!!! Yes, the cheese. It tastes fake. Seriously. And when it melts it makes the pizza look like plastic. In fact, it kind of tastes like plastic, too. I liked the thin crust and the sauce, but the cheese is awful. The house salad was lacking in color and freshness, too. Oh, and our server? I hope she was having a bad day because she had the snootiest attitude I think I've ever encountered.
1	I really like the food at Grimaldi's and the service in the dining area has always been excellent. However, service in the bar area is disappointing at best. It's a regular spot for me and my clients simply due to location. But I'm not sure I will frequent it again. After repeatedly receiving horrible service, I think I will find another spot where my business is appreciated. The past 3 times I was there, the bartender girls ignored me. I was seated at the bar with clients. I had to yell across the bar to order a glass of wine. we had 3 drinks each and each time I had to get her attention this way to get a drink. Not once did she ask- " Would you like another drink?" Also, I had to fight to get her attention just to get refills on water too.What really bothers me is that this is a service oriented business. We are great tippers. I'm in a business where good service is handsomely rewarded. Do the bartenders there not realize this? I'll never go there again. Either management needs to step up their game and train these girls properly or risk losing regular customers.
4	Mmmmmm...why did I wait so long to try this????  Unbelievable pizza!!!!!!!!!!  I would give 5 stars, bjt the service was...well, not great.  Its ok, we all have off days.  We'll be back!!!!
5	I have nothing but good things to say.  I bring clients and vendors here a lot.  The prices are good, the table wine is cheap and goes with most the pizza amazingly.  The pizza and food is without a doubt, the best in town against it competition.  The service is always good and the location is great.  I have even charged my phone or plugged in my laptop on the lighted tree on many occasions...
4	Yes I liked it. Despite my apprehension with the idea that an institution such as Grimaldi's is now a chain, with locations over five or six states, I still like it. It is not as good as some other pizzas. THe one I took out was a little dry and cold, the flavor was still there. I don't like the small pepperoni. There should have been more cheese, but in the end it was a good pie. I will say, Ashley P did make a valid point in saying the cheese was plastic. This was not the creamy whole milk mozzarella that makes NYC pies so good. They either don't use a whole milk, or they use so little that it dries up and you lose the taste. On any real good, authentic NYC pie, the cheese is creamy, not dry. It was dry here, maybe its the lack of humidity in the desert. Don't bother with ordering a salad, the dressing is not home made, its standard restaurant bottle. I would never wait in line for this pizza, like I would at Bianco. They really need to sell slices.
2	I'm with others. I don't get why people think this place is so good. I don't think the pizza tastes like real NYC pizza or good pizza in general. The crust is so crispy to the point of being burnt, not impressive. We ordered 4-5 flavors and the topping selection was good, but I just wasn't blown away. I love pizza and try lots of different places, but despite the hype this place doesn't rank very high among the other places I've tried.I will say the place is cute and well laid out. It was hard to find but spacious and easy to accommodate a large group.
3	A-OK. I wish the menu had more options. It's either pizza or salad. The dining room is huge so if every other restaurant at the Quarter is packed you should be able to find a table here. I thought the pizza was OK but not extraordinary.  This would be a great place to go if you have kids who like pizza and don't need video games and indoor playgrounds to stay entertained.
1	I have finally found it....THE WORST PIZZA I HAVE EVER THROWN AWAY.Picked up a large pizza and a small salad on a Sunday night.  NO PARKING at Scottsdale Quarter. Had to drive around the block 4 times.I arrived at the designated time to get this slop, and the pie was in a soggy box...inside a thermo zippered thing...and it appears to have been sitting there for sometime.  I called the order in at 5:00...to get it at 6:00...and they obviously made it right away and set it aside.  The salad was pure oil and not worth eating.The meal cost $32.60.  I gave the girl at the bar a $100.00 bill and stopped the show.  The bartender had to fish thru his pocket to produce the necessary change.  NO RECEIPT given.You would be better off to go to the Circle K and get a slice of their pizza....as surely it would be better.I can honestly say.....in my decades of eating pizza....this was the WORST CRAP I have ever been served.  STAY AWAY.  Expensive....lacking personality...poorly presented...and hard to do business.Suffice to say...I will NEVER...EVER....go back to a Grimaldi's.LKCOWBOY+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++The only thing a restaurant can do after a customer has a bad experience...is to try to make it right.  30 minutes after posting my scathing review of Grimaldi's Scottsdale Quarter....JOE the Manager called me on the number I left for my disastrous pick-up. Joe apologized profusely and offered to refund my money...make me another pie....or leave a gift certificate at the front desk.I greatly appreciate his sincerity in wanting to correct a flubbed pick-up.Based on his response...I will give it another chance.Whoever trained JOE as Manager, did a great job...as his attitude more than made up for the pizza.The place was packed...so everyone has NOT had my experience."Thanks Joe....I greatly appreciate your call and interest."See you soon.LKcowboy
1	We went here tonight at 4 pm after seeing a movie. They sat us and there was only one other table seated. The other table had a pizza they where eating. When our server came up to us he said they just started stoking the oven and there would not be pizza available for an hour!! Really??  All you have on your menu is salad and pizza!  If you need to stoke the oven close the place for an hour to get ready for dinner service. Most places start happy hour at 3 or 4 so Grimaldi's should be ready for the dinner crowd by 4!!! We went to Sauce instead and had an awesome experience!!
3	Very thin and crunchy crust.  Descent toppings. Not NY but good.  There is not anything else other than Cal zones on the menu.  The salads were excellent but with subpar dressings.
3	After the disturbing experience upstairs at Narcisse, our party of six sought out a quieter place that would actually allow us to enjoy each others company without competing with obnoxious techno music.  We found it at Grimaldi's Pizzeria. This turned out to be a good choice since our bodies were still craving carbs after our over-consumption at our Thanksgiving meal the day before.  Pizza was the perfect solution, even though it meant three hours at the gym today.We had to wait a short period of time, so we sought out the outdoor bar so as to enjoy a beverage prior to getting our table.  I would love to come back here to dine al fresco when it's a bit warmer.  The beer and wine selections are quite nice. I enjoyed the San Tan Brewery Devil's Ale, which is much like an IPA. My lady had the  Montepulciano d'Abruzzo, which was very nice considering that it was the house red.We shared a small Mediterranean salad, which had the perfect combination of lettuce, veggies, feta cheese, and Kalamata olives.  The vinaigrette was very nice.All of the pizzas are made to order.  We created ours with sliced tomatoes and fresh garlic and basil.  Basically a Neapolitan pizza.  It was delicious, but quite overpriced by the time you add your choices of toppings.  What do you expect? You are in Scottsdale.We all seemed to enjoy our experience here.  The service was attentive, and we were actually allowed to be louder than our surroundings, unlike the place upstairs.  The conversation was very enjoyable once I could actually hear what was being said.  We will be back in town in February and I think this place deserves a return visit from us.
5	Another great meal and AMAZING service at Grimaldi's Scottsdale Quarter.  Yes the pizza is really good...but we keep returning, about 2 times a month, for the service.  Wow it just doesn't get better than this team.  Each and every server is a 'pro' at their job.  Brad, Joe, and Marla, the management team are WAY above the norm with their approach to customer service and satisfaction.  If you leave unhappy, then SHAME ON YOU for not speaking up.  There has NEVER been anything that their servers did not take care of before the management team was ever alerted to the problem.  So kudos to them for training a team of 'thinkers' not just doers...!I can not recommend Grimaldi's Scottsdale Quarter enough...go and tell them than Van and Glenn sent you...you'll forever be on the VIP list!!!Happy Holidays to all my fellow yelpers...!
4	Had a great lunch there yesterday.  As far as pizza goes. I typically love there's however tried the white pizza yesterday & didn't love it (it was just OK).  But our waitress was great.  We had Katie & she was very personable, very on top of everything and we had a delightful new years eve late lunch out on the patio.  I will go back to this location over others solely based off of the great service we had.
4	I grew up in NYC. I am still getting over the shock that there is more than one Grimaldi's... And that the other ones are in places like Arizona and Texas. It is not as good as NY but this may be the best NY style pizza I've had outside of NYC.  Which is not to say that it was fantastic pizza. The sauce and cheese are top notch. Simply fantastic. But the crust is what failed me. Not enough salt and too tough.  But hey- you can't make amazing NY pizza outside NY. It puts places like Flour+Water and Delfina to shame. The pizza is just as good, if not better, and Grimaldi's is far less pretentious!I wish this was in SF or at least the Bay Area.
5	We love Grimaldi's!  One of the best pizzas around and the service has always been great too.  From time to time, I also enjoy a salad when here.  We have never been disappointed.
4	Being one of the only Italian-Americans on the planet who believes pizza and lap dances are the biggest waste of money, sadly, I continue to take pleasure in both. You know those three wise monkeys....see, hear, and speak no evil? Well, I'm the fourth. Taste no evil.I hate bad pizza. Which is why I go here. I'm never disappointed. The other reason I go here is because of Patsy Grimaldi himself, (God rest his soul)We Italians do that. We always feel the need to invoke 'God rest his soul' when speaking of the dead, despite it being highly inappropriate. Anyway, Patsy's story is an interesting one, and one you can only find on their menu, which is another good reason to go here. And here's one more, in case you're not sold on the place yet.It's in the Scottsdale Quarter, where there are plenty of girls, many of whom look like aspiring young strippers.You'll have to use your imagination.On the girls, certainly not the pizza.
4	I'm from New York.  I know pizza.  This is good stuff.  The crust is thin.  It doesn't taste like New York crust, but it's pretty darn good.  Their cheese tastes fresh and good, and the pepperoni gets that awesome burnt edge that tastes so good.  This is much better pizza than you can get most places outside of NYC.  Definitely worth a visit.
3	I am one of Grimaldi's biggest fans. I have loved the pizza at all of their other locations in Phoenix and Vegas, but the Scottsdale Quarter location has become the weakest link. The past few times I have gone the crust has been over cooked. I love crispy thin crust pizza, but this stuff is all dried out. Also, they skimp on the sauce so much! This has become some of the driest pizza I have experienced in a long time.  Please don't judge all other Grimaldi's only on this location. I think the Old Town and and DC Ranch locations are much better.I'd like to give it 2.5 stars here, but I'll round up since I love the pizza at all of the other locations. I think I have noticed a decrease in the sauce at other locations as well lately, so I guess I have to start ordering extra sauce (which I never do and think is ridiculous).
2	This place is over-rated!  Took my family and out of town guest here and were totally disappointed in the food and service. They placed us in a small room with two large parties and we couldn't here ourselves think!  The waitress didn't help us much in deciding what to put on our pizza. Talked really fast and would run off. The menu stinks.  They should have some pizzas to choose from then to have us waste our time trying to decide which ingredients would be good together.  The pizza was just OK...I've had better at Peter Piper's and at half the cost!  Also, we didn't want any meat on our pizza since I'm vegetarian, but there were pieces of sausage on it.  That makes you wonder about how sanitary their kitchen is.  I decided to take my time to email through their website to tell them about our experience and got an email saying they would be in touch shortly...well it's been over a week and no apology, NOTHING. This place knows nothing about service. Would not recommend!
3	I first came to Grimaldi's on a third date, where I was an innocent victim, not realizing I walked into the crossfire of two boys and their pizza food fight.   One boy tried to hit the other boy with the pizza as it mistakenly came flying over to hit me in the arm.  Covered with sauce, their father came to my "rescue" with his filthy napkin and wiped my saucy arm.......clean???   Great start to a date hey!  haha  I loved the pizza so much this became one of my favorite places and favorite stories to tell.   The decor is always nice, the brick walls and wine bottle light fixtures are a great touch.  For the most part, Grimaldi's has been excellent at all of their locations.  For some reason, the Scottsdale Quarter location has been quite disappointing.  I usually order a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and extra basil and I love it!  However, it has been burnt the last few times and I don't mean a little burnt.  I mean where you bite into the pizza and it is really dry and crunchy kinda burnt.  Not sure if they have been overcooking the pizza or not putting enough sauce on it, but it has been exceptionally dry.  My favorite locations are Old Town Scottsdale and DC Ranch.
5	Everytime we've been here it has been great food and service. In my opinion it is the best pizzeria in the valley. The servers are so friendly and are great at suggesting wine to go with our pizza. We have been coming here for over a year and we have never been disappointed. Eat here, you won't be disappointed.
2	Absolutely disappointed.  When your primary product is pizza and your menu is fairly limited you need to work hard to set yourself apart the crowd.  Unfortunately for me, Grimaldis fell flat on its face from an experience standpoint.  While my previous experiences have been average my latest encounter left me regretting my choice.  This evening I ordered a pizza to-go which you would think would be a simple uneventful task.  Not so.  My son and I stood waiting for 5 minutes before someone even offered to help us without any other customers waiting ahead of us.  Then we watched as the manager proceeded to pull each of the two girls who were handling take out orders away from their job to discuss some errors that had apparently occurred during their shift.  Mind you, this is in the midst of a Sunday night take out rush.  After the second girl got her "talking to" I watched as she tried to compose herself (unsuccessfully) and then proceeded to remove her apron and walk out the door.  That left one poor girl to tend the phones and handle the to-go traffic since the Manager conveniently decided to disappear to the back of the house after her "talks" with the to-go staff.  The remaining girl jumped between calls while to-go orders piled up below her counter.  I had a sneaking suspicion that one of those pizzas was mine, since I had now been waiting over 25 minutes, but I had no chance to ask about it because nobody was around to ask and the one counter girl was jumping from call to call.  After waiting another 15-20 minutes the girl started checking the pizzas and, just as I had assumed, brought me mine from the pile.  When I told her that I knew that this pizza had already been sitting there for 20 minutes she apologized and offered the lame excuse that it was very busy tonight.   I have at least 5-10 other pizza places I pass on my way to this place and Grimaldis just gave me an excuse to either try the others again or give them a first try before I return to this place.
1	The family and I were at the Scottsdale Quarter a couple of weeks ago just walking around looking for a place to eat so we decided to try Grimaldi's. It was on. Sunday at around 2:00pm and it was not very crowded at all. Most of the patio tables were occupied, but inside was somewhat empty. When we walked up to the host/hostess stand we told them we wanted a table for four, two adults and two young children. We were immediately told that there would be a 30 minute wait because the pizza ovens were at capacity so they could not seat anymore tables. That was a first for me. Half the inside was empty, the patio was 95% occupied, not incredibly busy at all, but the ovens were at capacity??? I guess I had "Gullible Idiot" written across my forehead or something. It was obvious that they had other issues going on, either short of staff or something else, but at least tell the truth. A pizza restaurant half empty and the ovens are full... yeah fine, if you don't want our business that is fine. End result... I was so turned off by the treatment and attitude of the guy who handled us I just walked out. No way to treat a family at all. There are plenty of other places worthy of my money that appreciate my business. Hey Grimaldi's, get your act together if you are not planning in turning away more business in the future. I personally will not attempt a second time.
5	We just came back from another great meal at Grimaldi's Scottsdale Quarter location.  We have to have our weekly fix and are never disappointed.  The house salad with feta cheese is to die for and our pizza was perfect, crispy and light.    If the food is not enough, the welcoming and warm staff is the cherry on the cake.  Marla, one the managers, treats us like we are coming to her home for a meal.  She is always so kind and takes such great care of us.  She does not stop for a moment greeting customers, helping her team and clearing tables.  She is hospitality personified.  Brian is the GM and he is always kind and wearing a smile.  He always makes it his business to come by and chat with us regardless of how busy he is.  The servers are unbelievable they are actually waiting on our table or not, they are always sure to drop by to say hello and make sure that our experience is a good one.Thank you Grimaldi's Scottsdale Quarter for taking such good care of us!
5	WOW...another GREAT meal at Girmaldi'sWe tend to end up here at least once a month when the craving for pizza is upon us.  Marla (manager) ALWAYS goes above and WAY beyond to make sure our visit will keep us coming back.  This trip was no different than every other one...!  The pizza is GREAT and they always get it 'right'.  So the next time the pizza crave hits you....head to The Quarter to Grimaldi's and tell them Van sent you...See Marla and give her a GREAT BIG hug from me!Prop's to Lucas for joining the management team headed by Brad!!!
4	I am a Grimaldis fan but not a good as the one in NYC, sometimes the dough is burnt,  but still great, mention you dont want the dough dark
4	I just moved to Scottsdale and stumbled upon Scottsdale Quarter while walking around the immediate area.  I had been craving pizza since I got here and was excited to find Grimaldi's.  I initially planned on getting a personal pizza to go but once I sat down at the bar the friendly and chill service and vibe made me decide to eat in.  The pizza was great.  Perfect thin crust and a light sauce and more than enough for one person.  Prices were reasonable for the area.I definitely plan on going back.
5	Another great night at Grimaldi's.  The pizza is the best and we crave it each and every week.  Scottsdale Quarter never disappoints.  The wait staff is amazing and manager, Marla takes such good care of us and treats us like family.  What a pleasure!!!!!
5	When craving a pizza that is out of this world there is only one place in my book to visit and that is Grimaldi's. We have been to both the Old Town location and DC Ranch they are all fantastic.Both places deliver on the pizza quality and the service has always been up to par, there is just nothing I would change so next time you are thinking about going out and getting a pizza then you must try Grimaldi's.....You can't go wrong!
5	The only place in town that satisfies a craving for great pizza is Grimaldis.  Just returned from another great meal at the Scottsdale Quarter location.  The pizza was cooked to perfection and our salad was great.  They have the best feta cheese.  In addition to the food, they have the best staff in town.  Brad and Marla do an outstanding job to provide excellent customer satisfaction.  Another great evening and we can't wait to go back!
3	I have not been to Phoenix/Scottsdale for a few years and have been craving Grimaldi's as we use to go there at least once a week for the meatball pizza...  Just returned from Scottsdale and was somewhat disappointed with Grimaldi's... Definitely not as good as I remember it...  Meatballs were kinda dry and the pizza was just not as good as in the past.  Maybe it is just this new location in the Scottsdale Quarters...  Next time I'm back, will have to try the old location on Pima in North Scottsdale to see if it's any better!
5	Had another great meal and dining experience at girmaldis Scottsdale quarter.  The manager Marla, goes above and beyond to make sure everyones happy.  Marla is the best, she recommended the best wine to go with our calzone, it was delish. Thanks Marla your the best.   Girmaldis is a great place to go for wonderful service and the best pizza and calzones in Scottsdale..
1	Grimalidi's in the Scottsdale Quarter came highly recommended and our family had high expectations for our meal.  The crust was burnt and the the pizza not very flavor full.  The noise level was high which contributed to the 1 out of 5 star rating.  Our family will not be making a return trip.
5	Love the environment. Great waiter Nick. Super friendly, infectious smile!
3	Grimaldi's is another spot in our rotation for Pizza Fridays at work. My first experience with Grimaldi's was at the location in Old Town. I thought it was just mediocre. But the more I go, the more that it grows on me. It's a very thin crust style pizza which I guess right there is probably why I'm not a huge fan. But the cheese to sauce ratio is pretty bad. There's very little sauce and frankly not a whole lot of cheese either. I do love their pepperoni and my coworkers all love it too so that's what we usually get. The pepperoni is supper greasy though, but what else can you expect? I wouldn't come here if you're trying to be health conscious. The prices also aren't very budget friendly. A personal pizza is $9 but then you have to pay an additional $2 for toppings! What a rip off. You can get a much better pizza at Spinato's and it'll cost you a whole lot less. We try to get larges so that we can share and cut down on costs because they always tell us that if we do personal pizzas they'll come out at different times and makes it sound like such a hassle. This never seems to be a problem at the place I mentioned earlier. A large pizza has 8 slices. We can usually eat 2-3 slices per person depending on how hungry we are. The service is usually pretty good/competent and the staff is friendly and will greet you at the door. It's never busy during lunch so it's pretty quick for a sit down place. I noticed that they have a small private party room too which could be good for a small party. I'll never say no to Grimaldi's but it's definitely not my pick if I want some pizza.
5	We've been here three times now and love it! The food and drinks are consistently yummy! Would definitely recommend.
5	I just got back from Italy couple of months ago & haven't been able to eat any pizza here since...finally remembered i went to Grimaldis in old town years back & liked it....tried the one in Scottsdale Quarter by my house & it was even better. Just got the Thin Crust, with Roasted Red pepper + Ricotta cheese..yum yum yum...also nice atmosphere there!
1	I've been down to the Grimaldi's in Tucson, which was much better but still a tad overrated. This one, though, was not good at all. It was lunch on a weekday (i.e, not busy at all with maybe 10% of the tables occupied), but our pizza took more than 30 minutes to come out, and our server was slow and unattentive. When the pizza finally came, the crust was soggy  (so much for "coal-fired pizza) and there just wasn't much flavor. With drinks and the (undeserved) tip, the final bill was over $40, which is pretty steep for a subpar meal.
5	Thoroughly enjoyed splitting a small house salad and a small pizza today!Great amount to share for lunch WITH left overs.  Started with the House Salad that has roasted red bell peppers, fresh mushrooms, cherry tomatoes,  crisp lettuce and tossed with a tasty Italian vinaigrette.  Followed up with the "Personal Pizza" a 9 " topped with veggies, Grimaldi's delicious sauce and just the right amount of cheese for a crunchy thin crusted pizza.  Is your mouth watering yet?  Doesn't break the bank and great service to boot!
4	I have always been a fan of Grimaldi's. When I lived in Long Island, NY we'd make a stop off at the original New York City location in the shadow of the Brooklyn Bridge when we drove into New Jersey. After Grimaldi's  followed me to Las Vegas, I have been reliving the pizza that has been part of my New York heritage. Today, when we stumbled upon the Scottsdale Square location, the decision was made where we were eating.   Our first impression was that the service was good. Approaching Grimaldi's, the hostess opened the door and gave us a friendly welcome. Throughout the meal the waiter was courteous and on top of cola refills.  A 3,000 mile distance from the original New York City Grimaldi's has had relatively zero impact on the taste of the thin crusted pizza at this location. Grimaldi's is doing a commendable job passing their recipe to locations that have spread from New York City toward the West Coast.   The price is fair. I ordered a personal pizza with mushrooms that included house bread and bottomless soda. With a tip, it came to $17.   Grimaldi's is an example of a restaurant that has grown from one location into a national chain without sacrificing the quality of the original location that made them popular. And so, I also bestow this Grimaldi's with a four star rating.
3	I came here for a wedding brunch when in town for a family occasion! Well pizza outside of NY is... um how do i say this..... CRAP-TASTIC but when I walked into Grimaldi's here in AZ, i realized that this is a different location of a NY classic.While I haven't been to the NY one in ages (I can only handle waiting so long and it's been a long time since i could/would kill a pie on my own) this place almost made me cry. Old-school checkered table cloth (red & white) and pictures of home everywhere, this is NY in AZ.I had high hopes.... the pie was good. Not great but better than expected. I'm happy to live in NYC where I can get AMAZING pizza any time. But if you are ever in this area and are in the mood for pizza, this place will make you happy.
4	very good pizza - sausage and mushrooms
3	When you walk in, you get the feeling of walking into a NY pizzaria. The service, the pizza, & the build you own thin crust pizza was awesome!
1	How? How? HOW do you make pizza taste that bland? It's astounding! I don't think I could bake a purer form of disappointment if I tried.Even more surprising was the number of patrons that were there, and more surprising still I see signs announcing new locations. Jeez.Too expensive and not yummy, move along.
4	Visited for the first time and arrived during stoking.  We had to wait about 45 minutes for the oven to be ready.  Keep in mind they stoke the oven around 3:30-4:30. So be prepared to wait if you arrive around that time. We were in no rush so we had small salads.  The small salad is big, so you can split it.  When the pizza arrived we were not disappointed.  It is very good and made fresh to order.
4	Always a fan of Grimaldi's, they have great NY style pizza in the valley.
4	I met a family member at the Scottsdale Quarter for lunch this past week, and as we walked around from one restaurant to another, we saw one long wait after another.  We came across Grimaldi's and was very pleased to see no wait time to sit down.  I had been to a Grimaldi's but not in a while.  The customer service has consistently been stellar and the atmosphere can be a casual one or a fancier one depending on who you are with and if you are in the private dining room.  The manager even stopped by to say hello, and the wait time for the food to arrive was very short.  The food itself was also very tasty and reasonably priced.  We ordered an appetizer and a personal pizza, which was plenty to share.   All pizzas are thin crust and wood-fired...my favorite pizzas!  If we were up for it, there was also a nice dessert and drinks menu.  I'm still unsure as to why there were less people in Grimaldi's than other restaurants.  Don't get me wrong, they still had a constant stream of traffic.  Perhaps it is the location, where Grimaldi's is hidden at the Scottsdale Quarter.  I definitely recommend Grimaldi's as a great pizzeria!
2	Pretty elegant looking place inside, but unfortunately, I thought the service and the food wasn't really all that good.  I had the house salad along with the personal calzone.  Both portions were a good size, I couldn't finish either, and ate half the calzone for breakfast the next day.  The calzone comes with ricotta and mozzarella.  Anything else was extra.  What I don't get though is that the cost of the toppings for a personal is the same as that for a big calzone.   Same goes with the pizza.  Obviously this place doesn't cater to the lone eater or even for a couple.  The calzone was essentially tasteless, and the marinara that came with it I had to modify with a bunch of crushed peppers, salt, and black pepper.  It too really had no taste.  There's way better pizza in Scottsdale than this place.
4	Great Pizza and Salads. Went here a few weeks ago for girls dinner and had a great time. Would highly suggest it. Also have visited the one in Old Town and great time and food there as well. Tried to heat up the pizza the next day, since I had tons of leftovers and it was disgusting lol not sure what happened.. but good the day of :)
5	We came in during the Super Bowl and wow the staff was still on their 'A' game. Thank you to the manger on duty Marla for running the floor while having the entire crowd singing with Beyonce!!!Pizza was done to perfection just as we would expect, even though the kitchen was cranking out all those to go orders. If you haven't come to the "Quarter" for Grimaldi's pizza...get in here!!!!
3	For the third time in three weeks I was told the ovens were being stoked. No pizza for an hour. This is crazy. Why don't they have two ovens. Hundreds of people were walking around looking for a bite to eat. The hostess told us the oven would be stoked in30 minutes. We sat down and ordered. When we questioned our server he said a minimum of one hour.  We never would have agreed to waiting an hour. Wake up hostess. ...bummer all around. Hey patsy, there are 5 movie theatres that let out at about 3-4 daily. If you want to make more dough buy another oven.
5	omg this pizza is second to none. I enjoyed the Caesar salad as well, I love the ambiance this location has to offer. Please go to another locatiion so I can enjoy this one.
2	After waking up from an evening nap, and not wanting to let a perfectly good night lapse without my leaving the condo, I decided to go get some pizza.  A couple of friends mentioned Grimaldi's, so I decided to give it a shot.  It was difficult driving right by my favorite neighborhood pizza joint without caving, and even more so when I saw the Macayo's (kidding!).  But I stuck with the plan, so here we are.I was seated at a table, and took a glance at the menu while waiting for my server.  Then I took another glance, started figuring out what I want, noted the lame fountain drink selection, studied the menu more, flipped it over and glanced at the wine list just because, looked at the toppings again, made it half way through Marcel Proust's "In Search of Lost Time", assembled a small airplane, waited a little more, and finally decided that the server was not going to show up if I didn't say something.  The waitress finally showed up and apologized, explaining that she did not see me there.  Crap, I left my invisibility cloak on again! My bad!  Seriously, though, her service was markedly better after she became aware of the fact that I exist.One thing I should note about the menu is that they don't have specialty pizzas that they have carefully crafted and deemed as worthy topping combinations.  I don't particularly care for this setup.  To me, an important part of cuisine is the whole art of the thing, and if you walk into a good restaurant, you are served something with the chef's personal touch.  You don't get that here.  I understand that some unsophisticated diners like to have the same toppings on each and every pizza, so it is fine that they allow you to pick your own toppings.  But all I'm saying is that they don't deserve any credit for that awesome pesto, artichoke, ricotta cheese, and mushroom topping combination I concocted.The actual pie was fine.  This is a chain, and it is far better than most pizza chains I have been to.  Possibly even better than all of them.  But when they say their coal-fired pizza is better than wood-fired pizza, I have no choice but to compare them to the wood-fired pizza places.  In effect, they're entering themselves into a competition they can't win.  Because those places make artisan pies, and they cater to a whole different market.Finally, the prices here are exorbitant.  They comped me for the poor service, and it was still $3 more than I would pay for a far superior experience down the street at Il Bosco.  A three-topping personal pizza with a crappy fountain drink will hit you at about $20 before tip.  This is absurd.So there you have it.  If they stop acting like they're an artisan pizza place and drop their prices accordingly, they would run circles around the California Pizza Kitchens of the world.  But they can't compete with the Cibo's, Bianco's, Il Bosco's, or even Pomo's of the culinary landscape.
2	Came here for the first time on a Saturday night. It was packed and the wait was about 45 minutes for a party of 6. We were seated outside and it was a warm night, so we didn't need heat lamps.Once seated the service was sub par. For instance, our server took my tea for a refill and never brought it back. In addition, we ordered a bunch of personal pizzas and she said that their oven was small and suggested we get large pizzas half and half if we wanted our food in a reasonable time. We obliged and it still took over 30 minutes to get our food!Sounds like they need a bigger kitchen.The pizza itself was decent, nothing special. We had some leftover and they wrapped it is tin foil and gave it to us, no box or anything! I don't think we'll be returning.
5	Hands down, the best pizza in Arizona.  If you don't like it and rate it 2 stars or something, that's fine by me.  Have a nice night at Pizza Hut, I am headed to Grimaldi's.
4	Good pizza and salad. Went there and had the Cesar and house salad. The house salad had a little too much vinegar for me but my wife enjoyed it. The Cesar was really good. We had the white pizza with sausage, meatballs, and pepperoni. It was really good. The crust wasn't too thick and not too thin. It was just right but a little greasy. The ceiling was rustic and the light were made out of wine bottles. I thought that was pretty cool. Service was really good and everyone was very friendly. We'll be back for sure.
5	Great pizza! Thin crust and the sauce is very authentic. ot greasy and unoriginal cheese like most places. Our server was super friendly and had great  recommendations which wine and salad would pair nicely with what pizza. We will definitely be back again. Waiter was patient and funny.
4	Always consistently fresh and good food. Servers are nice too.
5	Don't be silly, NY style pizza should be eaten as plain as possible for the 'experience', adding 10 different toppings won't make it taste better. We stopped by twice in our 4 days trip to try out all 3 basic flavors - white, white with garlic and pesto. They are all great, however, my favorite is probably white with garlic. If I were to add toppings, I think the choices would be extra basil on any of the three flavors or grilled chicken on garlic and that's it. Those would compliment the pies very well without overpowering.  Service was excellent.  Now, please open one in S.F. Bay Area.
3	I am a huge fan of Grimaldi's pizza and when this location opened within a mile of my house I was fired up that I didn't have to drive to DC Ranch or Old Town every time I wanted my fix.  Well, ~2 years later and I'm still driving right past this location.  Don't get me wrong, it is GOOD pizza...just not nearly as consistently good as the other 2 locations here.Every couple months I get lazy and go back here, but they are so inconsistent that it keeps driving me away.  For some reason they can't seem to control the temp in the oven and the crust comes out either tough or burnt on too many occasions.
5	I LOVE pizza, but I have always considered myself a deep dish girl until I tried Grimaldi's. I would probably never have tried it if my co-workers hadn't ordered it for the team for lunch one day. It's a little expensive for pizza and the restaurants are usually pretty busy, but after having it I was immediately hooked. My favorite Grimaldi's toppings are the italian sausage and ricotta cheese, but also love their tiny pepperoni. Delicious!I've been to both the Scottsdale Quarter and Old Town locations. I'd say the pizza is equally great at both locations. The Old Town location is a little larger, but super busy any time I've been there. The only negative I have about Grimaldi's is the way they charge per topping, regardless of the size of your pizza. Chicken is going to cost you $5 whether you order a small or a large, which is strange to me. If you order a small you're obviously getting significantly less chicken. Overall, despite it being a little more than I generally want to pay for pizza, it's totally worth it. The wood-fired taste and perfect thin crust make it really difficult not to go back.
4	It must be the water as this truly is the best Brooklyn Pizza West of the Hudson.  Try not to be the first order or two out of the oven for the Lunch crowd.  Oven not being quite ready yet, at least that was why it was explained to me.  Also, if you're into walking around Old Town Scottsdale to see all that is there, then by all means visit that location, however, if you want to visit a modern shopping area, misters in the open areas, and a parking garage that always seems to have plenty of parking, visit the Scottsdale Quarter Location
1	This establishment refused to deliver to cash paying customers at the Four Seasons Scottsdale.  I called back a second time to ensure my order was coming...35 mins AFTER my promised 20 mins and was told it was on the way.  Nothing ever came.  I guess we will burn the cash instead.  That is a better use than a place which refuses to deliver.
5	Love this place....
4	Winning combination in traditional with peperoni, mushrooms and basil after cook. Then gently sprinkle some garlic powder and prepared to be satisfied. As a child I could hardly eat two slices of pizza (weird kid, I know) and now I think about how Grimaldi's has changed me. Large...bring it on!I particularly like this location because of the great service. There is nothing worse than seeing a useless manager or supervisor when your crew is busy and this store is anything but that. I commend the managers here for being so engaged and ensuring the customers are having a good experience. Anh, one of the managers, is particularly the one I see when I come. He's diligent to customers' needs and mindful of his team. Will be back!
5	Love this place! Excellent pizza
4	Came in on a hot night and grabbed a small pie with red sauce, pepperoni, sausage, sun-dried tomatoes, and mushrooms.  The thin crust was awesome and it was definitely a pretty big pizza for a small.  The only drawback is the price and the added extra cost for toppings ranging from $2-$5.
4	water shipped from back east makes this a crust worth the wait. order a big salad to share and have a "tasty beverage" ...or two! while you wait for it.I don't care that this one's a chain. It's probably due to my very low standards for pizza in general. now, for sure, i'm not going to wait 5 hours at bianco's, and the 19 hour trip to naples isn't happening this week either, but goddam this is good pizza.start with a nice big mediterranean or caesar salad to share, cover it with loosely and fresh ground pepper to get your cough going, and pick up a blue moon or peroni while you wait for the goods...whether you like red with pepperoni (my favorite), or the white with garlic, pesto and veggies, it's just about the best you can get, and it's just consistent, through and through. meet that with ol' blue eyes serenading you under those cool and characteristic overhead lighting and paneling, you can't go wrong.--love the lightness of the pizza overall. sample lots of different ones from your group!--awesome for your office staff lunch. just call ahead to reserve their back room. MMmmm! pizza to share all around, with pitchers of tasty beverages following. PASS THE PEPPERS AND PARMESAN! nice!--host/hostess even opens the door as you arrive! service!--consistent and very professional service standard. friendly, excited and helpful staff all around. never had a problem, and i'm one snarky bastard!# pass on the sangria. even at half-off during happy hour, it's too juicy for my Manhattan-loving (read:burned-off-taste-buds) palatte. # they do have a tendency to cram your party into a table smaller than is comfortable. just express your discomfort and get a new table. done!# as mentioned in other reviews, this location has burned some pizzas for me, but it is rare. SEND IT BACK...they're happy to make it again if not to your liking.
5	The best pizza ever!!!  The flavors are just to die for.Great Caesar Salad too.Once you try Grimaldi's you will never want to have pizza any where else.I can't wait to try more menu items!!!
4	I tried my first pizza at Grimaldi's last week.  Not only was the pizza great, the server and staff were very accommodating. I would go back next time I am in town.
5	Always good! From the pizza to the wine.. great selection.
4	Their main menu consists of Pizza with a small selection of antipasto, and salads. This establishment has a following; always has a wait on the weekends. Decent wine list. TV at the bar. Pizza is good. Service is good! Great outdoor seating and an area for large groups.
5	Pizza is really really good. The thin crust it's the best and the ingredients are fresh and very tasty.
4	we stop for a great pizza. day before new years our waiter Lori was too busy but still very attentive. Pizza was best yet. thin crust, baked perfect, crust tender and fresh. Best Pizza In Arizona.  Thats why we always go back. Never disappointed
4	One of the best Pizza places in Scottsdale without question. Great to dine in or take out from. Consistently everything I ever had here has been delicious and the wait staff so wonderful. Highly recommend
4	I've been to the Grimaldi's in Old Town, which is also really good.We stopped in here on a Saturday afternoon; I was in a bit of a rush-I had a spa appointment, so we really didn't have the time to sit and wait a long time.We sat outside with our daughter-the patio is nice. It's on a corner, so you have some mountain views.The service was very slow-I don't know that it's a negative here. It's great for chatting, and just hanging out, which seems like all the groups on the patio had the time to do.I was in kind of a rush, so..ugh, I wish it had been a tad faster.Food was great..we had a small half chicken and half regular pizza. It was really good and large enough for the 3 of us to share.We'll definitely go back when we have more time to relax and enjoy the ambiance.
4	I LOVE THE PIZZA! And the mediterranean salad is scrumptious, too! This location is better than some of the others. The tables aren't so close together that you can actually walk through this one. I know people love eating at Grimaldi's but the other locations are so small with so many tables and people crammed together that I'm sure to catch someone's cold because I'm in their personal space. I recommend this location! It's delicious and sanitary!
3	Good pizza with less waitMy wife and I are big fans of Grimaldi's.  Best white pizza we've ever had, especially when you add sausage and tomatoes.  We stopped in at the Kierland store due to the wait at all the other restaurants being much longer.  Had some extra time after a movie and we didn't anticipate waits of 30 minutes to two hours for a table for two at the other spots.  No problem at Grimaldi's, where we took a seat at the bar.Service was good and pizza was fine.  However, my wife and I both commented that the pizza was not as flavorful than we are used to at the Westgate location.  Could be we just got an off day.  Still, it's hard to give a four-star rating when it's inconsistent with what we are accustomed to... We eat at Grimaldi's about twice a month.I'll give them another try at some point to see if we can increase the score.
3	I will say the service here is awesome.  Service alone deserves 5 stars.  We had a lovely experience.We heard about how awesome the pizza is here so we decided to try it.  Nice simple, to the point menu which I like.  There's no kid's menu so just a heads up for you parents out there.  My toddler was not at all interested in the thin crust pizza which is all they have (I think).The pizza was good but my hubby and I like thick crust.  If you like crunch thin crust then you will probably enjoy coming here a lot more.  They are known as "New York pizza" so obviously we came here with that in mind.  However, compared to the pizzas I've had in NY, I still think Grimaldi's was about 3 stars, maybe 3.5.
5	Loved the pizza! Went with a big group and tried three different kinds: pepperoni/black olives on red sauce, sun-dried tomato on garlic white sauce, and bacon/onion on pesto sauce. Service was great, and everything was scrumptious!
1	Skip this location!Uncooked Pizza (raw dough). Almost flavorless for the parts that were cooked, and that is tough to do considering there were 3 toppings. The manager came over to ask if the pizza was good and I told him no, it was not. He said "Oh" and didn't bother to ask why, instead he just turned around and walked away. Crappy service, we saw our waitress when we ordered and then for the check, everything else was done by the bus boy. No, it was not busy when we were there. If I was the owner of this location, I would clean house.
5	Even a plain cheese calzone was amazing. Very nice servers. Even nicer cannolis. You won't be disappointed.
4	We went to a Grimaldi's in Sparks, NV and loved it so when we saw this one in Scottsdale we were hoping that it was the same and it was!  Fantastic tasting sauce which makes every pizza so yummy! A small salad and personal pizza is plenty for two people. The servers were friendly too. Excellent place for large groups and the prices are very reasonable. Great find!
3	This place has pretty good pizza.  It's a thin crispy crust with the right amount of pull and chew.  Neopolitan-esque.  Not at all greasy with good ingredients.  It's thin so it doesn't hold up well to heavier toppings... so keep it simple.  Not place to go out of your way for... but good if you're in the neighborhood and looking for decent pie.
2	I have eaten at the Brooklyn Grimaldi's, so the bar was set high.  I was so disappointed when the pie came out soggy.  BOOOO!!!!!   The service was fast and friendly.
2	Ok I'll start with the good, the pizza was tasty and the crust chewy (in a good way) but that's where it ends. First of all they shouldn't offer carry out! There is nowhere to park when your picking up and the roadways are a nightmare on Saturday night! The carry out pizzas are stored at the bar in (and I use the term 'in' loosely) one of those red insulated bags pizza delivery drivers use but it wasn't kept closed so what good is that? NONE! That's what good it is! I was probably 5 or 10 minutes later than the 45 minutes they quoted me and when I got home my pizza was barely luke warm!! And then they had the audacity to call me and say I 'may have taken my pizzas without paying'!! I said 'I gave the guy at the bar my cash!' They said 'ok we'll check with him'.  REALLY?? You're going to call and accuse me of stealing without even checking with the guy handling the operation??! Never again will they get my business!!  Oh and they are highly overpriced!!!
3	Came here twice during our getaway week in Scottsdale, both for dinner.  Pros:  Easy to find location in the Scottsdale quarter area.   Solid wait staff, menu is easy with typical pizza (thin crust) and salad items.  Prices are reasonable but wish they offered more items.Cons:  No ranch dressing for your pizza, pizza was undercooked in the middle one time, and crust was too crunchy for my taste.  I love a good pizza but for what you pay, felt it was not worth the price.I fluctuate between 3- 3.5 stars for this place, just a touch above average.
5	I have been a fan for years.For authentic, fresh, delicious, New York style pizza there is nothing better in the valley. They are expensive but you do get what you pay for. I love that they use fresh mozzarella on all their pies. Service has always been good and fast.  What's not to like?They do have some killer pesto sauce that I highly recommend. We usually order the pesto pizza with artichoke hearts, sun dried tomatoes, olives, and occas chicken. We also have them add some red sauce on top. Soooooo good.
4	Pricey but worth it. My favorite regular crust pizza in the Valley. I love the woodfire taste, ricotta cheese sundried tomatoe combo. The lights in this Grimaldis are awesome - all wine bottles hanging from the ceiling. Price is a bit much for regular take out - but when I am in the mood for a wood fired pizza, this is my go to in the valley
4	I have been to Grimaldi's Pizzeria twice... Was never a fan. Please note that I haven't been to Grimaldi's since I moved to Arizona. We went there for lunch recently, and while I wasn't blown away, I was more impressed than I remember. There were 6 of us, and we ordered 2 large salads and 2 large pizzas. It was the perfect amount of food, too. The salads are great... Maybe better than the pizza! Oh, and if you have a large group, the large pizza is only $2 more. I won't be rushing to go back, but I was more impressed than I expected to be. Oh, and it's coal oven!!!
3	The pizza is usually pretty solid here, but tonight it was a touch overcooked and you really couldn't eat all the crust without needing a gallon of water to wash it down. It wasn't enough to send it back, plus it took 20 minutes to reach the table in the first place. It was a first date, so luckily we had good conversation and wine, so waiting wasn't an issue, plus I was cashing in on my free birthday pizza. The staff was nice, but I didn't know you could make reservations here and apparently all the outdoor tables were reserved? Bonus points for not allowing the moron with his pit bull to dine here also. Usually a good joint, but they were a bit off their pizza cooking game this time.
4	Once again Grimaldi's never disappoints me.  I always order the pepperoni and jalapeno and it's delicious every time.  The location is great and the service was great.  Everything was right on time and the pizza was fresh and hot out of the oven.
5	We've gone to Grimaldi's for my birthday for the past two years and don't plan to stop the tradition any time soon.  They start with a coupon for your birthday for a large pizza.  Then, even though the hostess had trouble making my reservation, the manager, Jeff, worked with me and went out of his way to make sure they could accommodate my large group.  The staff is super friendly and the food is amazing!  Grimaldi's is by far my favorite pizza in the valley! The prices aren't as bad as you'd expect for a restaurant in that area and for the quality.
5	Excellent pizza. Reminds me of a good NYC pizza. I miss the city and the food. Best yet, Grimaldi's is pet friendly and their service is stellar
5	Date of restaurant visit: 03/21/2014Grimaldi's is one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area.  I always hook up with my Scottsdale friends when I'm in town and we like to eat there.  The pizza crust is thin and crispy, the way I like it.  We usually get 2 or 3 large pizzas and a house salad.  The classic pizza with red sauce, mozzarella and basil is $16.  You can add any type of topping for an extra price.  For example, Italian sausage is $2.  The food is always very good.  The service staff is excellent.  If you go at prime time for dinner, expect a 20-30 minute wait.
2	Nice place but for 1Pizza, two kid drinks, 2 beers and a smallSalad it was about $67 w tip. I guess the rent is high in the Quarter. Just not worth it for pizza n beer. I think it's more of a place to be seen than really a basic pizza joint. I guess there is a market for it though as the wait was 25 min.
4	I love Grimaldi's pizza! I love the pesto pizza with fresh basil and ricotta. I also love their calzone! I am usually not a calzone person, but their's is amazing!
4	Love this place, great staff and pizza!
4	This is just personal preference but I don't like the big open seating arrangement of this restaurant. There are a bunch of tables in the middle of the restaurant and I like sitting in booths with at least a little bit of privacy for conversation. The wait staff was young and very nice and I was offered for samples of 2 wines before I ordered which I appreciated. The sauvignon blanc blend was delicious and I will definitely order it again.We ordered the chicken pesto pizza with spinach and tomato. The pizza and the crust was perfect, but the chicken was on the rubbery/bland side so for this reason I would order something different on the next visit.I definitely prefer this place over Oregano's - but I do consider it a little on the pricey side.
5	You might think its just another pizza place...and it is, but its just a liitle better. Great spinach salad a d thin pizzam I had a merlot at lunch and my friend (?) Called me a wino. Well, Ethan took umbrage with that and told my friend. Later she made another comment which I didn't hear but Ethan did He said, "Well she's at it again!" Ethan was my knight in shining armor.  He risked his tip for me. All was well and his tip didn't suffer. Thank you to Ethan and Grimaldi's for a grest lunch. Hic
5	Ask to be seated in Ethan's section. He made the visit and the food brought us back. Will absolutely be back!
5	Grimaldi's has the best pizza. IfYou are looking for an affordable pizza place come to Grimaldi's. The servers are so nice and always have suggestions if you are stuck on what to get!
5	I love this place. I think they have one of the best pepperoni pizza around. Very flavorful and spot on great pizza!
5	the place for pizza.. NYC style.. we added garlic and pesto hitted big with the flavor of the pizza.. if u guys have guess over.. the place to go for an awesome event
5	My family and I love this place.  Great house wines, great salads and delish pizza.  They give my little girl a little pizza dough to play with while we wait for our food.  The staff is very attentive and friendly, even when they are extremely busy.  The atmosphere is vibrant but homey at the same time.
5	Good pizza and I don't even like then crust awesome wine selection good cheese cake good salad I definitely recommend this place plus are server was awesome don't know his name but he was the guy with dreds
1	John was my server and he was kind of rude. I came in with a friend and just ordered coffee and he gave me a dirty look, like he was annoyed that was all I was ordering. The restaurant was dead, not like I'm taking up table space. And then I saw him giving me dirty looks from across the restaurant later on. He seemed angry and annoyed and if I go back I will ask for a different server.
4	First time here. Only tried the sangria and the pizza. Both really good.
