4	Bourbon Steak, chef Michael Mina's 12th restaurant, is scheduled to open officially on Feb 11th at the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess. $6.9 million is said to have been invested into this NY-style American steakhouse, featuring such premium cuts as Japanese "A5" Kobe beef filet mignon priced just under $200.Last night, we had the honor of being invited to their first preview hosted by FBR.  As we walked in through the foyer flanked by floor to ceiling rows of glorious wine, we got a glimpse of chef Mina autographing his cookbook for a guest but that was the last we saw of him.  The space has a very masculine NY monochromatic decor befitting a steakhouse.Prior to dinner, we were offered kobe sliders, which were a bit messy as finger food and looked better than they tasted.  Servers also offered us a choice of sauv blanc or the 2003 Silver Oak Cab.  As we pondered over the menu, a trio of duck fat fries with a trio of sauces and focaccia in a large cast iron pan were brought to our table.  Honestly, I could not taste the difference with the duck fat but the truffle cream sauce was very good.  The focaccia would have benefited from more olive oil and herbs.  First course was the bibb wedge salad - three wedges of the lettuce served on a bed of avocado puree and topped with Oregon smokey blue cheese and bacon bits.  The bibb lettuce was sweet and crisp contrasting nicely with the intensity of the savory blue cheese.  The avocado didn't contribute much except to hold the wedges in their place. For mains, we were offered a choice of wood-grilled chicken, miso-glazed black cod, and all-natural filet mignon.  All were served with foraged mushrooms, truffled mac & cheese (oddly with bits of broccoli florets) and creamed spinach.  Btw, what does all-natural mean?  As opposed to part artificial elsewhere?  And while I'm at it, did the captain really have to explain that foraged means wild?Nobody at our table ordered chicken so I can't comment on it.  The filet mignon was of course tender and surprisingly flavorful given the cut - it was probably slow-cooked at a low temperature and then quickly seared on the grill to give it the nice crust.    The cod, a classic Japanese preparation made popular by Nobu, was the most moist and flaky version I've ever tasted.  Unfortunately the heavy sides did not pair as well with the fish as they did with the steak.The forager of the mushrooms will be disappointed to hear that their hard work was wasted.  The mushrooms were undercooked - still containing a lot of their moisture and acidity.Three other sides were brought in cast iron pans to the table for sharing - marble potatoes Lyonnaise (baby black and white potatoes with caramelized onions - delicious), sour cream & onion potato puree (this was way too wet - almost soupy), and glazed baby carrots.Everyone at the table found the food to be overly salted, probably compounded by the heaviness of each side.  Feeling a bit laden, we hoped for some brighter tastes in our dessert.Alas it was not to be.  Beignets, churros and doughnuts:  I challenge you to find a heavier combination.  - The beignets were served with a trio of pot de creme - vanilla creme brulee, chocolate and the highlight an 18-yr Macallan butterscotch.- The citrus churros were served with a shot of Mexican spiced hot chocolate.  - The doughnuts with half a caramelized banana and cinnamon ice cream.The doughy fried concoctions would probably have been delicious on their own but all together they were too alike.  The ice cream flavored with ground cinnamon was gritty and overpowering.  Would have been much better if they had used cinnamon sticks to flavor their mix and strained it out before churning.Bourbon Steak still has a quite a few kinks to work out before their opening in less than 2 weeks.  With almost $7 million invested, I have no doubt that they will deserve 5 stars when that happens.
4	Service was outstanding. We ordered off the southwestern part of the menu, don't recommend that stay with the classics. Duck fat fries were great with the dipping sauces. Loved the foie gras sliders.
5	Just had the BBQ on the terrace offered on Sundays during the summer.  It comes with an appetizer,salad, soup, shellfish buffet, an entree  with sides and dessert.  The food quality was fantastic (Kobe sliders, duck burgers, Olympia oysters, king crabs).  There are drink specials for $8. The cost is $49 which is expensive but I thought it was worth every penny.   The restaurant is beautiful and check out the bar.  Quite a change from the Marquessa.  We'll be back to try the regular menu soon.
5	Here's the deal.. every Sunday for the summer BS, hehe, is doing the Sunday Night BBQ from 6-9pm.. $49 bucks each, you get your choice of 1 entree which is either skirt steak (most tender and awesome, ask for the sauce on the side to really taste the quality meat), chicken (Im pretty sure its brined cause it was so juicy) or salmon.. these come with 3 shareable sides, grilled asparagus, truffled mac 'n cheese and grilled corn on the cob. Cool you say? Well it gets better.. in the meantime there is also a buffet for your apps and salads. Were talking heirloom tomato salad with fresh mozz... duck confit salad.. fresh seafood (XXXL shrimp, crab legs, muscles and clams) as well as kobe beef sliders, pulled pork sliders and mini lobster rolls. There are also 3 wonderful soups served in espresso cups! Now if this isn't enough after dinner you get dessert. Root beer float and apple crisp! Then when they bring the check they bring cookies! This is the BEST deal in town with the quality of the food as well as some of the best service Ive had in ages. Top notch!! Oh and the patio is just as sexy as the inside space. Clean and modern, right out of Dwell magazine. I can guarantee we will be doing this again! I'm gushing over Michael Mina.. I just cant believe it!
4	Convinced by the excellent reviews, Hubby and I went to Bourbon Steak's Sunday Night BBQ last night and had a very good time overall.Pros: nice, comfortable, casual room; varied appetizer buffet- we especially liked the Kobe sliders and the salads; the "complimentary" duck fat fries; the skirt steak and salmon entrees were both outstanding and perfectly cooked; delicious sides- grilled corn smothered in a zesty sauce, grilled asparagus, baked beans; dessert overkill with apple crisp, root beer floats, and chocolate slivers and pecan cookies; mostly great service (they brought me the wrong entree at first).Cons: obnoxiously loud DJ music- we could not hear each other across the small table until they lowered the shade "wall" directly behind us; neither of us cared for the soups; for me, the gin selection was a little limited.It was spendy- with 2 drinks, bottled water, and tip it was over $160, but we left very satisfied. In fact, I was so full, I couldn't eat my cookie. But it smelled so good, I wanted to try it later. I asked for a piece of foil so I could wrap it up and put it in my purse. What did they bring me? The single cookie in a huge entree sized tupperware-style container and in a large Bourbon Steak bag. When I laughed, the server explained, "Well, we have to make it look good." We'll be back to try the regular menu soon.
5	A Michael Mina Classic. I have wanted to try a Mina restaurant for a long time and thanks to friends Bil and Lorita I got my chance last week. All I can say is this..duck fat fried french fries with white truffle dipping sauce, warm rosemary and truffle bread, fillet mignon, awesome Pinot and great service. The menu even included a variety of specialty steaks including Kobe Fillet Mignon $175. We had a great time the decor and service rocked. Great place for business or romantic dinner
5	The Sunday BBQ was incredible.  $49 was a steal for your choice of NY strip, chicken or salmon + sides + a buffet featuring salads, soups, kobe beef sliders, lobster rolls and a chilled seafood spread + a root beer float and warm chocolate chip cookies.if they make this happen again next summer, I'd consider a trip back to Scottsdale just for this.
4	What do you expect? it's Michael Mina...This place is a fortune, but well worth it. It's not someplace you'd come to on a regular basis, I'd say it's more of an 'occasion' restaurant. The dishes are pretty much culinary masterpieces and the service is top notch. Even the 'bread' they put on the table is this rosemary baked potato truffle concoction. I can't tell you how disgusting you will feel after eating at this place, you will be so full! I could not believe that I was eating the most spectacular french fries (they give you a trio of flavors"...the secret ingredient? duckfat. uchhhhhhhhh. but sooo good. Definitely a heavy meal...be in the mood to chow on fine food. You will not want to eat the next day!
4	Three words mean big flavor at the Fairmont Scottsdale's, Michael Mina group restaurant: DRY AGED BEEF. Without explaining the chemical process to my vegan friends, just take my word for it and recommend this place to steak lovers everywhere! Comfort food with a twist finds an Arizona chic home in Mina's, Bourbon Steak. Sirloin, Ribeye, Filet Mignon, you name it, you can get your 'carne' on here! Appetizers are served family style; meant for sharing. Try the trio of duck-ft fries. The dipping sauces alone will haunt you for years to come! Does your mouth water for mashed potatoes and mac n' cheese? Yes? You will light  up like a Christmas tree after sampling the elegant and satisfying horseradish mashed potato puree or truffled macaroni and cheese. Asparagus served with orange zest and parmesan shavings is in a word, transcendent. ( I can still feel the heads of those green stalks snapping satisfyingly in my mouth!) Add in an impressive wine list and the sleek, black, leather, contemporary feel of the glassy candlelight and diners are literally forking over their wallets for an experience. This venue is not for the budget minded. At Bourbon Steak you will pay for the quality and innovation proffered. My advice: pay willingly. You will NOT be disappointed! Cost is not a factor when the value of this dining room is felt full-force. Trust me, when you have eaten a 14 oz. dry-aged sirloin with the accompaniments described and then polish off a made to order dark chocolate creme brulee with homemade beignets reminiscent of Cafe du Monde in the French Quarter, you will be thanking your fairy godmother for this chance to eat like a prince or princ-ess if the slipper fits!
4	When my GF and I go to Scottsdale we always have at least one "fine dining" experience. The last trip it was Bourbon Steak. There was no need to order an appetizer as they sent out the awesome fries: made in duck fat and three different spices along with dipping sauce. I had the A5 Japanese Kobe steak and my GF had the fried chicken. OK, my steak was melt in your mouth make me scream good. One of the top 3 steaks I have ever eaten. My GF wanted the chicken, but here is the catch: it is made for two because the whole chicken is fried in duck fat (once again). That was the only bummer, if you want the chicken and no one wants to share with you (hey, I came for the steak), you are stuck. But my other thought is: if you really want something, screw the cost, order it, and take the rest home with you. I had a thigh the next day and it was amazing. Along with the chicken you get a healthy portion of truffled mac and cheese with broccoli. It was pretty damn amazing--especially the gratuitous inclusion of the broccoli. Our server told us later that you can ask for more broc if you want--note to self. They also have a great wine selection. Since my GF offered to be the driver, I ordered a half bottle of my favorite pinot noir: Merry Edwards, and that just topped off the night.Also, if you are not a fan of truffle oil (crazy, I know. I love the stuff), this is not the place for you. Other than that, we had a great dining experience. Service was great and timely. It would have been a 5 star review if the chicken somehow could have been a single serving. I would definitely go back.
3	My husband and I chose to kick off the first ever Phoenix Restaurant Week at Bourbon Steak in the beautiful Fairmont Scottsdale Princess.  While the ambiance of the restaurant is somewhat fun, the food and service do not have me running back.The restaurant itself is done in a very modern white theme and its very large.  There are several dining rooms (some that are more tucked away than others as well as a large dining room), a bar/lounge area, and a rather inviting looking patio.  I remarked on the way in that it would make the perfect place for a group dinner- its fun, lively, and can easily accommodate a large party.  (If you are looking for a romantic evening, this probably isn't your spot).  The selection of music is questionable, as we heard a range that went from Jack Johnson to Snow Patrol to the Eagles to 80s.  The service left much to be desired.  We waited entirely too long to place our orders, so much so that the duck fat fries and foccacia had already been brought to the table by the time we did.  (We also waited for water for entirely too long...water should be put on the table moments after we are seated).  Once we had placed our drink orders our two glasses of wine took a bit to get to us.  Our table wasn't properly set (a huge pet peeve of mine in restaurants) and we had to ask our server for plates to enjoy the foccacia and fries.  Throughout the night the service was spotty at best.The duck fat fries were very crunchy, yet very good, according to my husband.  (Being allergic to duck I was not able to enjoy them, but I much appreciated the fact that it was announced they were cooked in duck fat when brought to the table.  But then again most upscale restaurants announce the dish and method of preparation when delivering it).  The foccacia was great.  I selected the heirloom tomato appetizer with Burrata cheese which was lovely, and my husband enjoyed his soup (which he found to be sweet) and his mini grilled cheese.  We were both disappointed with our entrees however.  My husband selected the skirt steak which was fatty and very tough to eat.  I know that is the nature of the cut, however, I have had skirt steak that has literally melted in my mouth.  My prime beef short rib was good, but alas, prime rib is prime rib and when I eat it I always feel as if I'm at a wedding.  We had also ordered a side of their truffled mac and cheese which was perhaps the most disappointing part of the meal.  When I order gourmet mac and cheese I'm doing it because I want to indulge...there was nothing indulgent or decadent about this mac and cheese.  It was practically flavorless actually. Of all the mac and cheese side dishes I have ordered in my life (and trust me, there has been a lot), this was my least favorite.  In fact, we didn't even finish it.  Dessert was delicious, even if my beignets were more like zeppole.  My husband loved the vanilla pot du creme which was caramelized perfectly on top.  His trio of ice creams was unremarkable.The regular menu is a la carte style and was actually more reasonably priced than I had expected.  Although Yelp has it listed as a "dressy" restaurant there were people in jeans there.  (I don't think there are actual "dressy" restaurants in Phoenix....)   Now, yes, this is Restaurant Week and I do understand that sometimes restaurants can be overwhelmed with people.  Bourbon Steak was not full by any means (we were the only people seated in our section for quite some time) and I can't imagine our server had more than 2 other tables.  I also understand that the menu options are being produced en masse.  However, in selecting the menu one would expect a restaurant to choose dishes that they know that they can make en masse and make them well.  Restaurant Week is supposed to entice the customer to come back for more, but I have to say that I don't think the quality of food warrants a second visit anytime soon.
5	Just got back from trying the Restaurant Week menu at Bourbon Steak.. it was f-ing awesome! The space, service, quality and presentation were all top notch. My only minor complaint is that the food portions seemed really small.. however, we were all quite satisfied even before the desserts showed up (thanks duck fat fries). Here's a quick list of the best values when ordering for Restaurant Week (they did change the menu that was listed on the website)..App: Soup and Sandwich.. large bowl of corn chowder with crust less grilled cheese..Entree: Filet of Beef.. The filet was one of the most tender and delicious Ive ever had.. Dessert: Beignets.. better than Krispy Kreme.. light and satisfying..All for 29 bucks.. this is a great value! Oh and use your Opentable.com account for some quick points on your reservation!
5	After wanting to try Bourbon Steak for months, we finally went for Restaurant Week.  I wasn't sure how far $29 pp was going to get you at a Michael Mina restaurant, but I was pleasantly surprised.  First off, I am not a fan of hotel restaurants, but I immediately forgot my location once we walked in the entrance.  The place had a great vibe and if the weather would have been a bit cooler, we would have wanted to sit on their awesome patio.Straight out of the gate, they brought the french fries that I had read so much about.  Three different seasonings....three different sauces....and fried in duck fat.....(cue the Homer Simpson drool sound.)  Amazing.  This was followed by freshly baked focaccia bread, served right in a mini cast iron skillet.I went with the Corn Soup and Jalapeno Grilled Jack Sandwich appetizer, followed with the Skirt Steak main course, and finished with the still hot Beignets.  Every bite was amazing and I was sorry for it all to end.Our server was extremely knowledgeable an enthusiastic about the food as well.  The only black mark I would give the restaurant was their very poor selection of vodka.Still the meal left me wondering why it had taken me so long to try Bourbon Steak and definitely has me making plans to go back soon.
4	I went for an event here Thursday night. I didn't try a full dinner but got to try a sampling of items - seared steak skewers, steak tartare, duck fat fries, truffled mac and cheese. The truffled mac and cheese won hands down, fantastic. I've heard the prices here are steep so can't vouch for how I'd feel if I came for a full dinner and paid for it, but my first impression was good. More importantly the setting was fabulous. The patio is really great - now that the weather's cooling down at night this is a great place to eat outside and linger over cocktails! Worth checking out!
2	My husband, some friends and I went to this place for restaurant week. We all sampled different dishes to experience a range of items - the multi-flavored french fries, soups, steaks and desserts. While everything we sampled was good, I was not blown away. My steak was good, but not great, and considering the regular prices, great should be on the menu. Also, the restaurant is one main room with hardwood floors, effectively creating an echo-chamber. This is one of my major restaurant pet peeves - you sit down at a nice dinner only to have to yell across the table. I expected more from Michael Mina and certainly for the celebrity chef-inspired prices. A better steak, and better experience, can certainly be had for less.
3	Went here 2x/s in 1 mth. The most expensive Resaurant we've ever been 2! 1st time was for our anniversary: The server pushed ordering an appetizer, then pushed side dishes (a steak comes totally alone - $35-$60 - u need to pay for potatoes & veggies), and when we both had 1/2 our meal left (we were full & said so), he pushed for ordering desert (we declined). We were over-charged on the bill (my husband wouldn't let me see nor say anything). We went 2 wks later for AZ resaurant Wk: 3 courses for $29. (amazing deal). BUT we were over-charged AGAIN!! A WHOLE extra bottle of wine & a martini! (Huge over-sight, don't you think???) I really wonder if this is a regular practice of this establishment?? The funny thing is, it wasn't our server who took our bill, when it was being scooped up, we started to say, "we think that there's been an error... & w/o finishing the person said, "O yes, i will fix it right away" as if they already knew the mistake! Very mixed feeling about this - it IS very good food, nice setting w/n Fairmont Princess Resort, but extremely $$$$$. I would not go back & pay those (over) prices again.
3	Worth it for the fries. The bar area is very nice and has a nice atmosphere. Going into the restaurant after the bar is slightly shocking because the restaurant lights seem too bright for the place, particularly in contrast to the bar area and for the ambiance you expect in a steak house. The truffled mac and cheese is fantastic and the steaks are all prepared by starting off in clarified butter then finished on the grill. If a steak infused with clarified butter sounds good to you, then you will love the steaks. For a Michael Mina restaurant the staff could use a little polish and could be slightly less intrusive. At a restaurant of this quality/price point, I don't want to hear the waiter's favorites unless I ask.
2	The bar is very nice and serves a great martini.  After that, it's downhill.We waited for service as the couple next to us was seated, was brought an amuse bouche and ordered.  We still had not heard from our waiter.  We finally flagged down someone and they made a half hearted attempt to serve us and brought us menus.  At that point, we should have left.  But we did not.  Wanting this to be good, we preserved and waited for our waiter  to have some free time for us.  When he finally did show, he was abrupt and obviously slammed.Since none of us drank the same wine, we each ordered by the glass.  This did not seem to amuse our waiter in the least.The steak was average...maybe below average for the price.  I left half my steak (which I NEVER have done before) on the plate and our waiter did not ask if we enjoyed our dinners.  This is inexcusable.  He did have the decency to not ask us if we wanted deserts.  The check, I might add, was brought promptly.  I could not help but wish I had gone to Mastros or Oceans - or the TPC Grill.Bottom line - If you can entertain your waiter by placing an order for an expensive bottle of wine and meet his schedule for getting your order in, you stand a chance of having a very expensive about or below average dinner.  (Read expense account on boondogle).
4	Holy crap.I loves me some Michael Mina, and I was super excited to try this place out, especially when my boss uttered those three magical words: Duck Fat Fries.So much for it being a less pricey option than his restaurant in SF, but definitely a fantastic experience.Our server was great - knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly.  The cocktails were great.  A coworker got their version of the classic sidecar which is anything but, featuring a cinnamon sugar rim.  It was delish, but a bit too cinnamony for a purist.  A purist I am not since I branched out and tried the pomegranate sidecar which was also delicious, and had no distracting cinnamon rim.Those duck fat fries made their appearance and subsequent disappearance right after.  Three varieties - herbed with onion ketchup, truffle with truffle aioli, and paprika with a bbq sauce ketchup blend.  I don't know why fries aren't always, exclusively cooked in duck fat.  Crispy little sticks of perfection, and the flavor combos were great.I did manage to squeeze in some non deep fried veggie type creatures by way of the very delicious beet salad.  I would've like a little bit more of the balsamic reduction, and the salad was a little on the salty side, but I love salt and it was perfect for me.Next up some little pan focaccia which I avoided knowing what was coming next and given how many fries I had already eaten.I had a steak, which you know, steaky, whatever.  But!  The broccolini was tangy and spicy and awesome, the asparagus was somewhat meh, I avoided the horseradish mashed potatoes because horseradish is the devil, and went on to make up for that by eating 17 people's portions worth of truffled mac and cheese.The restaurant is dark dark dark upon entry, so give your eyes a minute to adjust.  I loved the decor, even though it's much more Vegas than Phoenix.  Next time I'll try to order something lighter so I have room for the beignets three ways which sounded positively orgasmic.  We ended the meal with some complimentary housemade bourbon caramels which I did not try because I was on the verge of exploding, but yes, I do have them in my bag to bring home.I think if I lived in the area, I'd come for cocktails and to make a meal out of apps and sides, and bypass the steak which was the most average part of the meal.  I don't know what I would expect out of steak - I mean steak is steak, but it paled in comparison to some of the other items.
3	Had the pleasure of trying out their new Bar menu which is a burger lovers paradise. They bring you a clip board, a pencil then you go to town.. choose the meat, beef, lamb, salmon, and falafel.. then chose your toppings, from cheese to foie and everything in between.. the burgers are on the pricey side but do come with either duck fat fries or red onion rings. Both of the burgers we ordered, beef, medium rare, were very good but the portion to price ratio is off.. burgers are smallish plus we both had bacon on our burgers ($3 upcharge) but, it was only one slice cut in half.. Come on, really? For a $14 burger plus $3 bucks for bacon, put some fucking bacon on it! Seriously! While I think I would have given the bar 4 stars I can not based on the price and while tasty, that little shitty piece of bacon.
4	OMG, thank you Michael Mina for opening the best steakhouse in the Valley.  The Kobe tartare is absolutely incredible.  The tapioca crusted red snapper...beyond words.  And of course their steaks (I've tried the rib eye cap and filet) are absolutely decadent.  (I don't think I'll ever attempt to blow $150 on their A5 Kobe cut).  I'm still trying to comprehend why I wasn't wowed by the lobster pot pie since it's a Mina signature dish.  The presentation was very nice but I wasn't excited about lobster being covered in a heavy sauce.  Top notch service, beautiful interior and their wine list kicks ass!
5	Im not even sure where to begin on this one.  This was the best dining experience of my life.  And yes it was a dining experience.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable.  Not to mention perfectly attentive.  The duck fat fries were the perfect start to the night which got better with the king fish sashimi (huge chunks of fresh fish with jalapenos!) and the lobster grilled cheese with tomato soup (more lobster would have been appreciated).  After that we sampled the bread (saving room for entrees) and were very impressed by its light texture (must have been the potato flour).  I had the ribeye cap (BEST STEAK EVER) and my husband had the tapioca crusted snapper (he loved it).  I would highly recommend getting the ribeye cap as it is a cut of meat you cant find elsewhere and you dont even have to work to eat it -- there is no fat to cut off!  It is all the flavor of the ribeye without any work! :)  The wine list was great.  I really appreciated the range of bottle price ($28-2008) and was even happier when the waiter didnt scoff at my choice of a $42 bottle.  For dessert we had the beinets with the vahlrona pot de creme and it was perfect.  FYI: the beniets tasted great reheated the next morning so dont be afraid to get them to go.
1	I do have to unfortunately update that one of those enticing bourbon caramels had a hair on it.  The kind of hair that you only notice AS you're eating something.  The kind of hair that is not found on the head.:o(I feel so dirty.
4	Went for dinner with family from out of town on Friday night.  First, I am a big fan of steak joints, and second, I am a big fan of Michael Mina, so I was really excited.  Yeah, yeah, the fries are great, but you could probably fry shoelaces in duck fat and they would be tasty- bottom line, how was the steak?  Answer:  Pretty good, but it did not blow me away.  I had the ribeye, because that is my measure of a place and it was, well, pretty darn good.  What did blow my doors off was the prices of wine, or in this case, whine.  Our wine tab came to $350 for one ok bottle and one very tasty bottle.  However, I could have re-created that for about $75 bucks at Bevmo and costco.  I mean, I get it- super swank wine display, big name chef owner, but seriously.  Really good food- go for the lamb, but not quite worth the $$$$.
2	Hmmm, where do I begin.  Went there on a Thursday night during FBR and was not impressed.  The lighting was SUPER BRIGHT...could've been a little more dim in the dining area.  We had the Foie Gras Sliders...which are not really your typical sliders...OK!  Another appi we had was the Ahi Tuna Tartare...another no no :-)  So I thought, OK, I'll order the "wedge" salad..and that was much to my amazement at PAR (no pun intended).  I had the 8oz filet as my main entree and although good, not sure it garnered the price tag to go with it...yes $72 for an 8oz filet...can you believe it.  We had the asparagus (my favorite vegi) and it was OK.  I think my entire favorite part of the whole experience was the company I was with.  Drinks followed at the outside bar...great bar area out there!!!!  Would go back just for that!!  And I think I'll stick to Flemings for my steaks :-)   Fred F...how did you have a 10oz filet for $48???  Why do restaurants feel they can change a price tag just because of FBR???  That's annoying!!!  And NO the free fries did not make up for the delays we had!!
3	We came here during a recent trip to Scottsdale.  It was a close call between this (something new) and Element (where we had been before and loved.)  We chose to do something new.  The entrance was dark and masculine.  The interior was masculine too, except not as dark as it needed to be.  You know that really high lighting that makes the room bright an unromantic, yet is so high is kinda blinds you from really seeing the things that are right in front of you?  That is the lighting here.  I am kind of a lighting fanatic, but I believe a dining experience should be pleasant to ALL the senses.  I noticed the tables on the patio, which looked like a better choice for ambience.Our meal started with the amuse bouche of a french fry trio w/3 different dipping sauces.  I loves this non-pretentious approach.  Light hearted and fun.  We split a caesar salad, which was perfect on the portion size.  I had a Kobe filet and it was amazingly tender, I thought it could have used a little more seasoning.  More then the steak, I was really impressed with the mashed potatoes, which were the best I ever had.  You could certainly taste the butter and cream, but there was a textural thing going on that I couldn't quite figure out.  Almost like the potato was riced, then pureed with cream.  Anyway, I have never been so sad to leave something unfinished....but we were really full.Service was just OK.  Several times I poured my own wine, which is kind of a bummer.  The restaurant was pretty empty at that point, so I guess our waiter was done.  We left without anyone acknowledging us.
5	I love Michael Mina, and I love steakhouses - independently of each other.  Mr. Mina's iteration of the classic steakhouse was superb. Cocktails, alone, occupy their own separate binder (awesome), and BS has the most comprehensive wine list that I encountered while in AZ.  I had the 10 oz filet, which was pretty close to perfect, asparagus and broccolini.  The most awesome part of the meal was, by far, dessert.  The beignets should win some kind of award.  Waitstaff was lovely, as well.  Only thing I hated, and didn't really understand? Decor of the main dining room....it's tragic and confused.Bottom line: If you're in Scottsdale, you need to experience Bourbon Steak.
5	Just got back from the Fairmont Scottsdale, spent three nights there and ate at the Bourbon Steak all three nights.  Let's get to it:Day 1: Plane touches down at 6:30 p.m.   The wife tells me there is some sort of happy hour half-price deal so we need to get on the foot to get there quick.  Somewhere en route I get out of her that's it's just half price cocktails with purchase of a hamburger but hey, that's still a deal.  We get to the hotel a little after 7 and send the bags to the room to head to Bourbon straightaway.  Sat at the bar and had a really good hamburger.  The fries are $5 on the bar menu but are well worth it, mmm...fat.  I have two Rogue Dead Guy ales and....hey what's the alcohol content on those? Wait, I have the internet, I'll look it up....I'm being told it's 6.5% which explains the quickly ensuing buzz...also got the red onion rings which were beautifully stacked and all perfectly coated with goodness.  Winner.Day 2: The wife has never seen the Grand Canyon so we take a 13 hour van trip through Sedona and the park.  The canyon remains impressive.  Get back to the hotel at 8:30'ish and decide to forego any more car time and go back to Bourbon, again in the bar, this time at a table.  Feeling like I'm on dangerous ground from a culinary-responsibility angle I have the salmon-burger 'banh-mi' style.  My request for 'as rare as they will make it' is heeded with remarkable sincerity and the fish comes out virtually raw which is fine by me.  A repeat of the fries and the onion rings.  Feel guilty about it until the first bite at which point I feel awesome about it.  Two more of those Rogue's now knowing full well the likely effect.  Tonight the service is spotty bordering on lousy and the two tables next to us almost riot.Day 3: All day at the pool (4th of July!).  My pool bar tab: 12 Coronas at 6 bucks per and two hot dogs at a felonious 9 apiece, an even 90 (and my mother's heart sinks somewhere for a reason she can't put her finger on).  Tonight we have an actual reservation so we go back again, this time for a full dinner.  Echoing many other reviews, the lighting in the dining room is atrocious and, for some reaon, there are a ton of people sitting down to dinner at 9:30 with their mo-fo 10 year olds.  Strange, and also lame.  There are, however, a couple good booths in the bar which are not floodlit, to one of these we decamp.  The wife tells the wait person about the previous night's crappy service which she (the wait person) takes to heart as the service was an A+.  Tonight, ordering off the dinenr menu, the fries are free (word).  The soft-shelled crab tempura, ahi-poke, wedge salad, hanger steak, and marrow bones are not.  They split both the steak and the salad for us very nicely which was a nice touch.  The meal was delicious.  I like the food here.  I tell the server, "the food is really rich here".Day 4: I was on the treadmill for five miles watching the Wimbledon final and was really sweaty and thought I smelled duck fat but that might have been my imagination.  Anyhoo, as I write this I now remember I took one of the after-dinner caramels back to our room and packed it in my suitcase which I unpacked this morning (but missed the side pocket) so there's a caramel in the luggage closet.  I will forget this by 7 p.m. tonight and will therefore discover this caramel near Labor Day when I next likely need that duffell.  Alas, I digress.
3	I need to preface that I only ate in the bar with my 6yr old.How does a place like this stay in business with the deep recession we're in?!!?!?!?!?!?!?It is crazy expensive.I imagine that that cuts of meat are probably outstanding.  I however will pass on the $150.00 16oz NY strip of wagyu until the whole 10% national unemployment trend blows over.Good grief! Phoenix is close to being at the epicenter of the loan foreclosure mess and yet they still have a completely a la carte menu.  If you want a vegetable with that Wagyu...it's another $8 bucks...oh a starch too?  ...another $8.00.My little one and I had:1 Shirley Temple1 Beer2 diet cokes1 Calamari1 kids mini burgers1 Burger ($14 bucks + $5 more if you want fries)It was almost $70 dollars!!!!!!!!!The waiter charged me $4 dollars for each of two diet sodas.  $8 dollars for two sodas.  Lord in heaven!I get it. Go to McDonald's if you want a value meal right? I see that.The food is good. It's well prepared and presented.My only point is that I'm surprised that a menu strategy with those price points can survive in the new economy in places like Phoenix!And, I don't care if I'm at Lutece...you don't charge for soda re-fills especially if they're $4.00 a pop!!!!  That's clearly an overzealous waiter trying to pump up the bill.
1	This place is a JOKE!!!  If I were Michael Mina, I would pack my bags and go home quietly.  Then again, he's the one laughing all the way to the bank while serving up french fries and corn dogs.  Sacre bleu!!!This place is great for assisting the Snottsdale crowd and other unsophisticated palates at overextending their revolving credit a bit further but if you want good food then go elsewhere.  More expensive doesn't always mean better quality.  Sometimes it means you're just getting screwed without the benefit of Astroglide.Artificially elegant setting with a provincial crowd and maybe fine for a HALF bottle of champagne but I say forget it altogether.  Zinc Bistro is more fun for people watching while sipping your bottle of Krug and chompin' on yer mac n cheese hoss.  Want a good meal?  Go to Houston's.
4	The wife and I decided to hit up Bourbon Steak for Restaurant Week 2009.  We couldn't get in last year because we waited a little bit too long on the reservations so we were definitely anticipating our visit.  The first word of advice, if you don't plan on utilizing valet parking at the front of the resort, please be prepared to be confused where to park.  We saw at least three lots that were virtually empty but we weren't able to park there without a special code or room key.  We arrived right on time for our 6:30p.m. reservation and were seating right away outside on the balcony.  It was nice out, a little humid, thought they might ask us if we'd like inside or outside...  One note about the seating outside...the tables are VERY close together, not only could I hear everything the couple next to us was talking about, anytime the server was helping them, his butt was a little too near our table.  We were greeting by our waiter quickly, and he took our beverage orders, and explained how restaurant week worked.  Shortly after he left to give us some time, another employee came up with some duck fat fries, compliments of the house.  There were three different flavors with three different sauces.  The herb fries and truffle fries were enjoyed, the paprika ones, not as much.  Shortly after this, we were brought out a nice tasting focaccia bread.  Our waiter came back and we ordered our apps, entrees and dessert from the restaurant week menu, and also added an order of truffled mac n cheese from the regular menu.I had the beef carpaccio, which was pretty tasty. One thing I did not like about it was that there was some random things on it, but I couldn't tell what it was, because by this time it was dusk and I couldn't see my plate real well.  The wife had the greens, which she liked.  For entrees, we both ordered the kobe flat iron & short ribs.  Both were flavorful, but I have to say the flat iron was better than the short ribs, only because the fatty flavor of the short ribs became a little overpowering after eating the whole thing.  The accompanying carrots and pasta were also quite tasty and I virtually cleaned my plate.  Next, out came the desserts, wife with the marscapone cheesecake and myself with the beignets w/ butterscotch sauce (or pot de creme for the foodies).   I had heard pretty good things about the beignets...I have to say I was just whelmed w/ them, they were fine.  Okay flavor.  I didn't particularly care for the sauce, I'd have preferred a little more butterscotch, this seemed more scotchy to me (but if you really like scotch, I bet you'll like the sauce).  The wife loved the cheesecake.  I was seriously surprised that she let me try some the way she was raving about it.  It was pretty good, I have to say.  You may be wondering though, 'how was the truffled mac n cheese'?  I'm still wondering the same thing!  They never brought it out.  It's no wonder, as it didn't make it to the receipt, so our waiter must have just spaced on it.  Probably for the best because we were stuffed after this delicious meal and I don't know where we would have put some mac n cheese.I rate Bourbon Steak four stars.  The food was for the most part great.  The service was very attentive, with one blunder of a missed order.  The atmosphere was also very nice with the exception of the close quarters and poor lighting.  I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone.
3	Have been to Bourbon Steak a couple of times - first during a stay at the princess - Had an awesome evening, not cheap but worth the money given the company of my wonderful wife. The staff are typical zealous to please.The second occasion was recent during restaurant week. We chose the fixed price menu and a great bottle of wine. - It was too bad that the wine was not left at our table and it seemed to finish up way too soon - I had  the Carpaccio for the first course  which was generous but personally would have preferred a little more seasoning. For the second course I chose the steak and short rib combo. Both were very tender, but I liked the steak better than the ribs (which was OK since my date preferred the reverse and we traded). Desert was awesome butterscotch with burnt caramel and an icing dusted donut like cake on the side.Not bad all in all but comparatively I did not enjoy it as much this time around :-(
4	Writing this a little late, but we came here during Restaurant Week. We were seated in a small dining area, which felt closed off from the rest of the restaurant. I wasn't a fan of the lighting. I felt like I was in a fitting room. Anyway the service here was great. Our waiter explained both the Restaurant Week menu and their regular menu. They immediately brought us the duck fat fries and 3 dipping sauces. I love them all. The french fries were great. Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. This is a great starter. We tried the cauliflower veloute and the beef carpaccio for our appetizers. The carpaccio was ok. It did have too many unnecessary ingredients. The cauliflower veloute however was divine. It was so smooth and creamy. It included a lobster fritter and pieces of apple. I could have had a bucket of this for dinner and have been in heaven. We also received some focaccia bread with out appetizers. It was so warm and buttery. We hadn't even had our actual dinner yet and we were getting full. They certainly give your your monies worth. We both ordered the flat iron and short rib for our entrees. We got a little bit of each, which was just enough since we had quite a few other things to eat on the table. The flat iron steak was juicy and flavorful. The short rib was tender but just not as appealing as the steak. Lastly we shared the mascarpone cheesecake and the beignets with the butterscotch creme. Both were delicious. The beignets came with more than enough creme so we took a bit and layered it on top of the cheesecake. Yum. Nice place for dinner. I love coming to the Princess to lounge and have after dinner drinks. The open air bar with their huge lounge area is a great place to come on a nice night and enjoy our beautiful weather.
3	Another great (hairless caramel) experience at Bourbon Steak.  The fries still rock, and I was happy to see an Iron Horse sparkler on the wine list by the glass.I avoided the ahi tuna tartare because it's endangered yo and I'm trying to be responsible (though it smelled really good).  I split the olive oil poached halibut and a 10 oz steak with the lovely dining companion to my right.  They cut the portions in half and plated them beautifully for us.  The halibut wasn't as mind blowing as the dish I had at Dovetail in NY, but it was good.  The steak was lovely, and the sides, again, stole the show.  Truffled mac n cheese, potato cakes with cheese and bacon, broccolini and mushrooms.  Nom.I made everyone split the beignets with me (with all three dipping sauces) and they were excellent.Again, I'm glad I wasn't paying, but it was a solid meal with great service.
3	I went to this restaurant for my birthday this year.  It was alright....to be honest, I was expecting a little more for the money.  I did enjoy the fries they bring out when you first get there.  And the ambiance of the place is pretty cool....But, as far as the food goes..nothing too special for the price...good but not great..
5	If you frequent Bourbon Steak you will probably see me there at least twice per week. The management and entire staff are so incredibly hospitable. Not only are the drinks PERFECT their food is rather tasty! I love the french fries w/dipping sauces, and beef tartare is my favorite anywhere. Lobster grilled cheese & tomato soup- how could you go wrong with that ever?!  Their burgers are killer and Kobe burger is definitely one to try. I suggest sitting in the bar versus the dining room- top notch bar service and attentive bar staff.
4	As stated in previous reviews, I've been a Michael Mina fan since the beginning in SF.  Bourbon Steak is one of his newer establishments, bankrolled by Agassi, and specializes in more American style dishes than his signature "trio" style of preparation.  We had fois gras sliders, Mina's signature tuna tare tar, and plenty of steak (poached in butter, then grilled to perfection).  Sides were truffled mac and cheese, asparagus and white cheddar potatoes.  All very good, but not outstanding.  What was outstanding was the 18yr old Macallan butterscotch sauce for the beignets.  No joke... serve that stuff on a woman.  Forget the beignets... just give me that butterscotch and some privacy with a lady.  That alone is 6 stars.  All you haters out there are just upset you didn't think of that first.  And yes... my "to go" bag had plenty of butterscotch.
4	Great Service.  Everything I had was good.  Steak was great!  Sides (asparagus, truffled mac and cheese)were awesome.
3	This was my first choice for Valentine's Day dinner since we were staying at the Fairmont. I booked a table for two through OpenTable.com, but when I checked the restaurant website, it said they were closed on Sundays. So did the voice recording I got. Hmm. Sooooooo, I quickly cancelled the reservation in favor of BLT Steak. We decided to check out Bourbon Steak another night, since every night seems to get you 1,000 points on OpenTable. Unfortunately we weren't super hungry and we'd already had steak, so it took us a long time to decide what to order.This was complicated, though pleasantly so, by the arrival of the famous Michael Mina trio of duck fat fries, compliments of the restaurant. These little sticks of crispness were some of the best fries I've ever had. They were great on their own, but also came with a trio of sauces, including truffle aioli and a spicy ketchup. I hate cold fries when they get all soggy, but somehow these fries retained their uber-crispness even after they'd been at the table for a while.I had originally planned to try one of their burgers because I also wanted the fries, then I considered the foie gras sliders as my entree. Finally, we decided to share a rib-eye. Honestly, the menu seemed limited compared to BLT Steak's, which was probably a good thing.A small loaf of truffle oil-brushed focaccia appeared on our table shortly after we placed our order, but I had to request that the fries be left behind as the server whisked them away. The steak was quite good, and cooked medium-rare, as requested. It was served to us sliced, on the bone, since we were sharing. However, it was sliced purely by grain, not by cut, so one of us had more of the tender strip than the other. The side of squash that we'd ordered was nicely seasoned and a very large portion. All in all, I felt the food was good but not fantastic.Even though we were comfortably full and originally planned to decline dessert, we were swayed by the beignets with a choice of three different accompanying puddings. My boyfriend couldn't resist the butterscotch pudding with a topping of Macallan 18-year-old Scotch. These little beignets were good, but the pudding was amazingly creamy, and topped with a sigh-inducing Scotch caramel sauce.We have a Michael Mina restaurant in San Jose, and I would definitely try it after eating at Bourbon Steak. The promise of duck fat fries and Scotch pudding are definite draws, but so are the specials offered on certain nights at Bourbon Steak. If the hamburger nights and 50% off wine nights are available at Arcadia, you'll find me there soon with a bigger appetite, perhaps trying the lobster pot pie or a spiked shake.3.5 stars
3	I had heard great things about Bourbon Steak and am, in general, a big fan of Michael Mina's concepts as I had already visited Nob Hill Tavern at the MGM in Las Vegas but was a little disappointed  in my experience at Bourbon Steak at the Scottsdale Fairmont.  Let me start by saying that I don't have enough good things to say about their lounge, the selection of classic cocktails that you rarely find anywhere these days, even in high end restaurants, and the knowledge that our server had of these delectible cocktails.  Have you ever heard of a Sazerac?  It is rare to find a bar that has any idea of what this great cocktail is but our server not only knew of it but also knew the history behind it.
1	Food was excellent as was the service, but as a couple we would never go there again. Because there were only two of us we were seat along a banco and  had to endure every word spoken by our neighbors on both sides. Not a fun way to spend a $250+ evening!
5	Everything about this place was top notch. From the moment you get your car valeted and walk through the long picturesque walkway to the low-lit insides and the home-style bathrooms (clothes towels!), this place screams class and enjoyment. And that's just the atmosphere.The food was ridiculously good. Duck Fat Fries were amazing (white sauce is to die for...). We got the truffled mac cheese with broccoli which was so good and creamy, and the creamed spinach was equally good. We were lucky enough to get a bottle of Cliff Lede cabernet from 2006. It's the type of wine you drink that makes you truly appreciate a good quality wine. That paired excellently with the 10 oz Filet Mignon. It was prepared with perfect. Nice and slightly crispy on the outside and smooth and juicey on the inside. To top it off the Chocolate Molten cake was a perfect end to an unforgettable meal. The staff was also extremely accommodating and very informative. The bottom line is this place is awesome. You go here to drop some serious coin to live like a king for a few hours. Definitely the type of place you tell your friends about just to make them jealous...
2	Our evening there started off poorly due to an undesirable table and the complete ineptitude of the hostess. Once I made my feelings known to a manager, they responded well; however at this level of dinning these things just shouldn't happen in the first place. If our dinner blew us away, I would be more favorable, but it was just good - not great. Actually, not even close to great. Bottom line is you have MUCH MUCH better options for steak in Scottsdale at Modern Steak, or in Phoenix at Durant's. I would not return to Bourbon Steak.
5	This place is 100% legit.Service was fantastic, from our host to the waiter to the sommelier.I had the filet which was the best I've had in AZ, cooked exactly how I like it with an amazing flavor.   Our sommelier recommended an awesome cabernet that perfectly complimented the filet, Chad L. and I had no issues finishing the bottle ourselves.All in all we had a fabulous meal, cannot wait to get back to Scottsdale and give this place another go.
5	A big shout out to Mike, the stupendously stellar bar manager.  I will be back to discuss the history of Vodka.Thank you to restaurant GM, Anibal, who stopped by to see us not once, but twice.  Enjoyed the education regarding the secretive life of truffles. Aaron, the fantastically knowledgeable Sommelier, had me paired with excellent wine suggestions with only a few hints of my picky palette.  Appreciated the Manger of Stone Rose, Sam,  coming all the way over from the other side to dropped in and sat with us to chat about upcoming events.Can't wait to go back to try out there new bar bite menu in 2 weeks, and take advantage of the locals' secret  1/2 off bottle night on Tuesdays from there amazingly huge book of wines to choose from.  Thanks again everyone: you made a potentially disastrous date night from visiting an establishment previous which (to say the least) did not go well, into a very enjoyable and fun evening.
3	Steakhouses are a dime a dozen where I live, so on a recent trip to Scottsdale, when friends suggested this for dinner it had a high bar to get over, as I've been to some of the best steakhouses in the country. We arrived on time for our reservation. There were 5 of us so when the host showed us to our seat, imagine my surprise when the table had only been set for 4. We stood awkwardly around until the host grabbed a chair from a nearby table and we all moved around to make room. Eventually a bus boy also grabbed a place setting from a nearby table. We were not off to a good start. This should never happen in a fine dining restaurant. Once we got settled with drinks in hand, a server brought out three kinds of fries with three sauces as a little appetizer for the table. Quite tasty and much appreciated as we were all starving. The sommelier, Aaron, was quite good. We told him what our favorite wine was, and while they didn't carry it, he did find another Cabernet that was very good and actually made it on my list to have again. The menu is set up with a cold shellfish section, first courses, specialties of the house and a more typical steakhouse menu with a range of steaks and sides. We chose from each with some wins and losses along the way. The wins? The fresh oysters that change daily, the heirloom tomato and burrata salad, and the wedge salad were some of the best starters. For entrees- you can't go wrong with any of the steaks. All were perfectly prepared and the specialty lamb chops were also good. The absolute best thing that we ordered was the lobster pot pie with truffle cream. This comes out in a copper baking pot with the crust on. They cut the crust off, placing it on your plate and then proceed to spoon the lobster and vegetables on top of it. Absolutely amazing! On a side note -if you like lobster- don't order the poached lobster. It was way over cooked and so tough that we could not get a knife through it. They did end up taking this off of our bill, but again- surprising for a restaurant of this caliber to so over cook something. And a couple of the sides ended up disappointing as well. The asparagus was thick and a weird flavor from the olives and herbs surrounding it. And the hash brown cakes? Dry with the only flavor coming from the bacon that was on top of it. But save room for dessert (in fact- this is so good you might just want to start with it) They have in house made beignets with three kinds of dipping sauce. Forget the chocolate and creme brulee dip. Only order the 18 year old real scotch butter scotch pudding dip. Absolutely the most amazing flavor! It makes any other pudding seem like, well secondary. Service was efficient but not overly friendly. The bus boy was actually more helpful and pleasant and it was nice to hear him talk about the career path that this restaurant has for their employees. Know before you go that this is not a cheap date. Dinner with wine and tip for 5 ran almost $700. For that kind of money, I really expected more than I got thus the lower rating. A-OK sums it up perfectly. It was fine but I just don't think this will go on my list to tell people to check out.
4	Would you be impressed if I told you we've been dining at home with elk burgers served with fries and black truffle aioli?  And then would you smirk when I admit the fries are from McD's drive thru and the aioli is jarred from William Sonoma ($18 soo good)?Delicious meal and great ambiance... if I get an opp to hang at the Princess again, I'll humbly cut my cloth to fit my means when it's outside of Restaurant Week.  Catch me bellying up to the bar for a burger, trio of duckfat fries w/ the adored truffle dip, and finish w/ the 18 year old butterscotch pot de creme with beignets.Unfortunately was not wow'd by the truffled mac and cheese, but I own a few bottles of truffle oil myself... I know what we'll be serving at home soon...
4	I went for AZ Restaurant Week and got the $39 special.  I went with the Roasted Lobster and Corn Bisque: Tempura Cream Corn, Spicy Apples as my 1st course, the Kobe Flat Iron Steak: Bone Marrow Potatoes, Three Way Onions, Pinot Noir Reduction as the entree' and the Seasonal Berry Parfait: Honey Granola, Frozen Yogurt as dessert. Sadly, overall, my expectations were not met by the food or the ambiance - only by the AWESOME service. The complimentary duck fat french fries were definitely above average.  I could not really tell anything about them that screamed "DUCK FAT !!!" but the seasonings on the fries and the sauces were all very tasty.  Not bad for "free" food !!!The "potato sponge bread" or whatever that was they brought to the table was very "meh."  Bland almost.  Forgettable.The lobster and corn bisque was tasty and deserves a "Bravo!"  Met my expectations, maybe exceeded it a little bit. The Kobe Flat Iron, however, fell flat (pun intended.)  I have prepared a Kobe NY strip (which I purchased at A.J.'s Fine Foods for $39/lb.) at home on my grill that tasted better than the dish I got from Bourbon Steak.   One would expect a Kobe steak to "wow!" you when you take that first bite and also that last bite, and in this case, it just did not happen.  The steak was not particularly flavorful, and was not particularly tender.  The onions overpowered the dish a bit, leaving me with a strong and unpleasant "onion" taste in my mouth for the rest of the night.My advice on Kobe steak:  if you want an affordable Kobe experience, hit A.J.'s and grill it yourself at home.The Berry Parfait was totally tasty.  Great ending for the meal - super-fresh fruit chunks, everything worked together very well.  I'd pay $8 for that on a menu.The place was very loud.  It was only about half full, but the sound reverberates in that place.  Tables are close together so you get to hear your neighbor's conversations, barely, above the overall din.The SERVICE WAS SPECTACULAR.  Within 5 minutes of sitting down, I had my order placed, water to drink, and duck fat fries on the table.  They never let me sit there waiting around for water, or to remove a completed dish - they were ALL over it like a good team.  I'd bet 6 or 7 different people served my table.  Service definitely was the best part of the experience.So, in summary:  Would I take a date there and spend $150 per person?  NO.  Would I take advantage of another $39 special next year and try something new?  Quite possibly, yes.
2	We finally went this weekend and when my boyfriend asked if I'd come back my first thought was- "Nah, I'd rather go to Flemings." Our first disappointed was the choices of wine by the glass. Seriously? Nothing under $16.00? Being in the booze industry it's annoying to see such a GYNORMOUS markup. Just greedy in my opinion. The service was great. Food- mediocre. I'm not a fan of the dinner plate as artwork. A smear of sauce here and there and little drops of veggies is old. The flavors weren't knocking me out either. They didn't seem to compliment the meat (chicken and scallops) or the other ingredients. Desert was disappointing too. Something butterscotch which sounded yummy but it had booze in it and I'm not a fan of the boozey sweets. Overall not my cup of tea.
3	Great atmosphere...they did an amazing transformation of the restaurant from Marquesa.  The service was good, but the food was just ok.  I did like the fact that they give you fries with dipping sauces as the amuse bouche and the bread was fantastic, but probably really fattening.  I would go back from drinks in the bar, but not to eat.
3	I came here ready to write a review of Bourbon Steak but Larry S. beat me to it, almost word for word.The only difference is that I had the Macallan 18 Butterscotch Pot de Creme: Nutmeg Beignets, Toffee Float for dessert.  It was excellent and I would order it again.I would not visit Bourbon Steak if it weren't for the great deal during restaurant week, its just not worth full price.
5	My husband and I went to Bourbon Steak for Restaurant and had a very lovely time.  For starters, the service was spectacular.  The waiters came by regularly refilling water glasses and drink orders.  The bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, he made excellent recommendations and mixed a mean Manhattan.The restaurant was a bit loud and dark, but we were in good company and unaffected by our surroundings.The meal started with complimentary Duck Fat french fries served three ways.  These were delicious and a great start to a wonderful meal.  There was also some sponge bread which was alright, but not spectacular.  I ordered the Lobster and Corn Bisque, Kobe Flat Iron Steak and 18 Year Butterscotch Pot de Creme with beignets.The soup was tasty, the sweetness of the corn and lobster paired well with the spicy apples.  There was also a corn bread fritter which added nice texture to the soup.I thought the Kobe flat iron was delicious and prepared very well.  It was paired with bone marrow mashed potatoes and onions prepared three ways.  The dish was delicious and well rounded.The desert was fabulous.  The butterscotch pot de creme had just the right amount of bitterseet UMPH.  The beignets added a nice sweet balance to the creme.All in all we had a fantastic experience.  I don't know that I would come here and pay full price, but I was extremely satisfied with my $39 meal.
5	It's not enough to say they have the best happy hour in North Scottsdale - and, oh, they do - let me tell you why.  First, the place looks so good it makes even me look good in it.  The entrance is a long walkway surrounded by floor to ceiling windows behind which are hundreds of wine bottles stacked, well, floor to ceiling. The staff all ooze cool while at the same time executing some of the most solicitous service I can think of in town right now.  Their signature cocktails are amazing, and their bartenders know just the right way to make them.  At $8 a pop during HH, that's a mighty fine deal for top shelf liquor done right.  Food is $7 on the HH menu, so of course we tried just about every one, and they were outstanding.  Ok, I have to fess up, the lobster mac & cheese was really boring, but that was the only boring thing this evening.  I guess they have live music some nights, and I hear they're thinking about offering bourbon flights.  Bourbon flights??  That's a bit beyond my league, but it could be fun to watch.  Best of all, Bourbon Steak's HH goes until 7, which gives me plenty of time to fill up on the value menu and still get my old butt home in time to crash at a decent hour.
3	Tucked away inside the beautiful Scottsdale Princess Resort is the only Michael Mina restaurant in Arizona, and it was A-Ok. I vascillate between 3 or 4 stars, but I think I'll stick with the 3. Here's why:The customer service here was simply outstanding. The manager offered to take photos for us, struck up conversation regarding my restaurant likes and details of the restaurant, and even asked the bartender to comp us one of their signature drinks, the Cable Car. The service throughout the meal was also really great. 5 stars for Service.The sides, and duck fat fries were also really amazing. For our sides, we had the shiitake mushrooms, asparagus, and on my plate was the horseradish mashed potatoes, and assorted veggies. I would come back just for the sides. The three flavors of duck fat fries + 3 dippings sauces came out compliments of the kitchen, and I wish I could have these every day. 5 stars for sides + fries.To start, my friend and I shared the foie gras sliders,and I was a little bit disappointed. I think the idea was good, but there was definitely a lack in flavor. 2 stars for appetizer.The entrees (2 filets and 1 prime beef short rib) were beautifully presented, but again, the flavors did not hit the spot. Although I enjoyed the sides on my plate, I had a really difficult time putting down the short rib due to the sweetness of meat. It was cooked perfectly, though, as the meat just fell onto my fork. My friend who had one of the filet mignons asked for medium well, but her plate was very bloody compared to the medium rare of our other friend. The one with the bloody plate also said she preferred Ruth Chris' filet. 2 stars for meats.Lastly, we ordered the beignets for dinner. They were delicious, nice, soft pillows for your mouth I wish I could sleep on and eat every morning. It came with a Macallan 18 yogurt for dipping, and that was also awesome. 5 stars for dessert.  I know the average of all of the whole experience is greater than 3... BUT to be called Bourbon Steak and carry the title of "Best Steakhouse" three years running, the meat carry the largest weight, and they definitely should've WOW-ed us there.
5	Best. Burgers. Ever.      Really yummy, delicious burgers.     I'm a huge burger lover and this place has a great variety of burgers that always hit the spot.    The appearance of the restaurant is extremely appealing, the service is top-notch, and the food, burgers or otherwise, never disappoints, the appetizers are stellar and this place has probably the best Happy Hour in all of Scottsdale.     Comfy seating, nice scenery, great food, what more do you want?
4	This review has been sitting incomplete for a couple months... Finally getting around to finishing it. Bourbon Steak is the type of place you go for a dining experience. Bf and I went for restaurant week and probably enjoyed it that much more because of the great price. We sat at the bar while waiting for a table and enjoyed a couple drinks. The drink menu had a lot of classic, masculine-type drinks. My bf, who knows his wine, commented that the wine list seemed really marked up. The restaurant has a cool decor and excellent service! We were brought a sampler of different flavored fries and dips which were so good (I have a weakness for french fries). All the other food we ordered (soup, fish, dessert) was definitely above par. My boyfriend said his flat-iron kobe steak was good, but not the most outstanding steak he's had. Overall, I'd recommend Bourbon Steak for a special occasion or to enjoy restaurant week/summer specials.
5	I had just moved to the Phoenix area for my husband's job, so he wanted to treat me to something special, and it was something special indeed. The experience starts with driving up the the front of the Fairmont hotel grounds, which even at night is impressive. The restaurant interior was hip and tasteful with plenty of mood lighting. We sat in the bar area because the ambiance seemed nicer there, so I never actually sat in the main dining area, although I think we made a good choice. True to being a Michael Mina restaurant, the service and food were both impeccable. Enough with the restaurant description and on to the food!We wanted to be able to stuff ourselves with meat, so we avoided getting appetizers, but we received a complimentary trio of fries with different seasonings (normal, garlic, and cajun) and dips, and fresh, hot buttery (or olive oily?) foccacia served in the cast iron pan it was baked it. So yummy! I got the special cut of beef of the day...I can't quite recall what it was, but I remember the server describing they kept the fat cap on it? I think it was some version of a NY strip. My husband got the filet mignon. Both were perfectly cooked to order,  incredibly flavorful and tender. We didn't get the kobe...but I can't imagine that t could be that much better for the price, but then what do I know. Along with the meat, we ordered several of the sides. I love mac & cheese...and when they have truffled mac & cheese, well that just makes a delicious treat so much better! You can really taste the truffle, which gave the mac & cheese an additional rich, earthy flavor. I want to go back just for the mac & cheese...well, and for everything else too, but especially the mac & cheese. We also got the soy marinated shitake mushrooms and the broccolini (in order to have that nutritionally balanced meal...) which were surprisingly tasty despite not having any meat or cheese involved. Unfortunately we were so full that we didn't order dessert, which I know is a crying shame. But that is another reason why we'll definitely be going back. Those beignets sound delicious! I've been to the Michael Mina restaurant in San Francisco, and although these are totally different restaurants and styles, the dedication to food and service are obvious in both of them. And compared to the SF restaurant, this place was a real bargain...heh heh, which I know isn't saying much. Definitely not your casual date restaurant, but not a bad 'convince your wife that she didn't make a mistake leaving the Bay Area for Phoenix to join her husband' restaurant.
2	If it's duck-fat fries and Martinis that meet your fancy, then I'd recommend Bourbon Steak. Unfortunately, my experience went downhill from here. Service was so-so, wait time from sitting down was extensive as it seemed to take forever to bring a cocktail and guests shouldn't have to remind the waiter to bring wine at a restaurant of this caliber.  Nothing to write home about for the rest of the dining experience. Wedge salad was good but nothing special (nobody seems to beat Fleming's in this arena) and the rib-eye steak was dry and lacked of flavor (unless "charred" is the flavor you are looking for). Creamed spinach with smoked onion was good, but not remarkable. And despite sharing that we were celebrating our first wedding anniversary, there was nary a mention or any recognition of the event (although it may not be their thing). And to top it all off, the toilet in the men's room had previously overflowed, leaving a wading pool of enjoyment during my visit. Not what I'd expect from a four-diamond establishment and not a spot I'd heartily recommend or return to anytime soon.
5	This place is really good. Every year we come here for a business trip and I have to come here at least one night. It's located in the Fairmont Princess where our event is held.Ambiance is very nice. Long dark hallway to the hostess. Make sure to make a reservation otherwise you'll end up eating at the bar somewhere which is okay but it can get full so you may not have a place to eat. If you come here you MUST order the SHRIMP. It's the largest shrimp I've ever had and they give you 2 of them. WOW!!! They also presented us with complimentary french fries with 3 different kind of dipping sauces (truffle, onion ketchup, and a bbq something). The truffle is outstanding. So, I've ordered the filet mignon which is cooked to perfection (however you prefer). I've also had the short ribs which was tender and soft so it was easy to cut. I would definitely go back and order either. I'm sure everything here is excellent. I did also have a bite of my colleague's foie gras which melted like butter in my mouth.The waiter also refilled our glasses of water before even asking.
5	had a "cap steak" for the first time. Best steak i have ever had.  Would recommend to anyone.
1	Awful service. This place is owned and run by some crazy corporate people that have never been in the service industry. This is a classy place that was too cheap to finish the flooring and kept the concrete. They have decent happy hour but the drinks were warm and not good. They have a Ketel One Cosmo on the menu - that uses only Ketel One Citron - I asked for regular Ketel One and I could not have it on the Happy Hour price because some outside accounting firm measures all of their alcohol shots - WTF? Keep up the good work guys - I will NEVER be back. I should have fetched the manager, took him to Stone Rose across the hotel and showed him what is place could look like. Stone Rose has NO happy hour and $14 drinks - PACKED! Bourbon Steak - $7 drinks empty - any reason why that is?Idiots!
2	What a disappointment. The service was beyond acceptable, the food was adequate. The Lobster Pot Pie was covered in heavy brown gravy, ordered steaks medium rare, came medium, had to ask for bread, had to ask for plates for bread, ask for plates for appetizers, took two napkins away and had to ask to replace. Ordered a great bottle of wine, after first pour, ended up pouring our own! Will say that it was a birthday celebration and there was a card signed by the GM & Chef, also they sent a dessert with Happy Birthday wishes. Not returning any time soon, the chairs were so uncomfortable we asked to be moved to a booth and were told they only seat 2....there were 4 of us.
4	Don't let the haters fool you, Bourbon Steak is an excellent restaurant. Yes it's expensive but that's to be expected -- it's a Michael Minna restaurant in a swanky hotel. That being said, they do a great job of making staple American cuisine as fancy as humanly possible (lobster pot pie anyone?)I don't have any complaints about this place but I do have a couple observations:-It's very easy to order too much food. The complimentary duck fat fries eliminate the need to order appetizers-The beignets I had for dessert were good but not mind-blowing. I'd probably get a different dessert next time.-The Eagle Rare bourbon is probably the best overall value on their bourbon list. Try it in a manhattan.That said, Bourbon Steak is a great option for upscale dining in the Scottsdale area.
4	Bourbon Steak is an excellent restaurant. Yes it's on expensive but that's to be expected. The only thing I had a problem with was the service 2 out of the 4 times I have been there. They need to have better management in my opinion. They have many unique foods and appetizers. Just give them a try and I'm sure you will not be disappointed. At least with the food. LOL..
5	Havng been to other Michael Mina establishments, (lame Clock Bar in San Francisco), my husband and I decided to try Bourbon Steak in Scottsdale (at the Fairmont Hotel). What a difference a city makes is all I will say! THis place had incredible management, an amazing staff, and outstanding food. The best steak house I have EVER been to all around. Here's to hoping their reputation, in my books, keeps their stamina from our last vsit!
5	Great, great place!  We had great food, great wine, great service, ambiance was fantastic...everything you'd expect from this caliber restaurant. If only I made more money, so I could eat here more often...
5	This was the best meal I have had in a VERY long time. Every single bite was a delight to the taste buds and the service was perfect.  I had the yellowtail and the spices and sauce complimented each bite in a different way. My friend's snapper with basamati was amazing with the berries in the rice adding a great flavor. Husband got steak which is grass fed and free range, and it melted in your mouth! We had our 14 year old with us who wanted a burger and the server accommodated by allowing her to order something that was normally only available on the bar menu.Save room for dessert. We had the Strawberry "cheesecake" which was the best and the others got the beignets  with creme brulee..PERFECTION.The ONLY slight knock is that the music was WAY too loud for a place that charges what they do for food. If I go to a nice place I don't want to have to yell to be heard. They did turn it down when we asked but it doesn't suit the place to have loud bar music blasting.
2	We went to the burger bar at bourbon steak with 3 other couples after a day drinking and hanging out at the pool.  We were looking for a fun and simple dinner.First of all the service was sooooo slow.  From the time we ordered our meals until the time the burgers showed up, over 90 minutes had elapsed.  We were there so long sitting on these hard wooden chairs that we were starting to get decubitus ulcers.The drinks were good, made with high end ingredients.As always, the duck fat French fry trio was Devine.I was disappointed with the burgers.  It tasted fine, maybe  6/10.  But I ordered mine medium rare and it was rare... There was nothing medium rare about it.  I didn't bother sending it back because at that point we had been there over two hours and we just wanted to eat and get out.  Everyone at the table agreed that their burgers were under-cooked, so it wasn't just me.  If it takes 90 minutes to make a great burger, I'm ok with that, but it had better be on point, and this just wasn't.One of my friends got the falafel burger and it was inedible.  It was hard and rubbery and you could barely even cut it with a steak knife.  For real.  I think that if Michael Mina knew that his name was attached to this hockey puck, he would be devastated.  It was that bad.The adult milk shakes were really good.  If not for the milk shakes and fries, this would be zero stars instead of 2.On this night, I wonder how the patrons in the main restaurant were enjoying their dinner?
5	Not cheap...but you will leave a better person!Wow this place was great. My only gripe was with myself...really wish I'd come in hungrier!!Instead of bread they start you off with a medley of fries and dips. Three different flavors (mesquite, truffle, and I forget the third) all with their one dipping sauce. All were phenomenal. I ordered the American Wagyu Carpaccio as a starter. The Wagyu was perfect. The greens were stellar. It was a bit spicy. Just amazing. Since I wasn't that hungry I only got the market oysters as my main course. It came with 5 huge oysters. Perfectly shucked and so fresh. The accompanying sauces were also delicious. My parents got the snapper. I tried a bite and it was also very good. Next time I'll be sure to come hungry enough for a steak!The service was great. My glass of water never came close to empty. They were all attentive and very nice. One bus boy kept saying "welc" though instead of "you're welcome" which I found kind of funny. Love this place. My wallet hates it...but my stomach loves it!
4	Instead of bread they give you a trio of French fries, cooked in duck fat and served with three dipping sauces to start. They are out of this world. What a great start to an incredible meal. Next we had the Ahi tuna tartare. It was good, but not great.  Honestly, I was a little worried after the Ahi tuna tartare that the food was a bit overrated.  Then came the perfectly cooked (and thoughtfully sliced - yes, they asked if we wanted it sliced!) 32oz Porterhouse.  We also ordered the delectable white cheddar hashbrowns with bacon and scallions and the smoked onion creamed spinach.  OMG!  Delicious!  We couldn't finish our food and it was just as delicious when we finished the leftovers the next day for lunch.  Yum-O!
4	I went here last night with my wife to celebrate our 2 year wedding anniversary.  We purposely arrived early to have a drink at their bar.  There wasn't much of a selection on their happy hour drink menu so we just ordered our go-to drinks.  Champagne for her and a martini for me.  The hostess/waiter/waitress were very friendly and prompt.  When we were ready for dinner we were brought to the main dining area and our bar tab was transferred without trouble.I made a reservation a few weeks prior and made a notation that it was our anniversary.  Upon arrival at our table there was a card saying happy anniversary which was a nice touch.  The table was smack in the middle of the dining room so my wife asked if we could move to another table.  The host was very accommodating and gave us a better table.The place is pretty sheik to the eye but uncomfortable.  The 2-top tables are small, too close to other people, and I don't want to sound like a 90 year old, but the chairs are ridiculously uncomfortable.  I don't know about you but I like to eat my too expensive meal in utter comfort.  The noise level is also above where it should be but they were playing some pretty solid tunes throughout the night.Our waitress was excellent and knowledgeable but was taking care of way too many tables which made her unable to come around as often as I would have liked.  I especially liked our sommelier who gave us an awesome wine recommendation.  Also, I'm not sure if this is all the time or not, but all bottles under $300 were 1/2 price so we splurged on a more expensive bottle than we would have normally purchased.The Food:* Fries - they give these to you instead of bread.  They are excellent especially the truffle ones.  My only issue is that you could tell they were sitting out for a half hour before being served to us.  I would have liked them fresh but whatever.* Wedge Salad - just ok.  The blue cheese and bacon were great though.  It just wasn't the typical steak joint wedge I am used to and was looking forward to.* Burrata Cheese - this was very unique to me and pretty good* Truffled Mac n' Cheese - not the best I've ever had but still pretty good.  Not as thick and cheesy as I would have liked and they use weird noodles.* Wagyu Beef Trio - My wife and I shared this.  Perfect amount for the both of us to share.  Each 4oz piece of steak was perfectly cooked, juicy and delicious.  I still can't tell the difference between regular beef and wagyu though.  The sides were also very good.  We especially liked the mushrooms.  The mashed potatoes were too creamy and just eh.* Beignets - we shared these for desert and they are fluffy, sugary awesomeness.  The sauces are equally awesome.All-in-all it was a fantastic meal and great experience.  Good food, good wine, good company.  I would come back any time to enjoy a steak or one of their burgers.
2	Went to Bourbon Steak tonight and "Meh" pretty much sums it up. Duck fat fries - stone cold, mildly interesting dipping sauces, dipped in cornstarch or some other material to produce a false crispiness. Had one and done. Burrata cheese appetizer: The small amount of cheese that I received was delicious but hey, it's Burrata. Tomato jam that I needed a microscope to see, not olives but an olive tapenade - that was pretty good, lemon preserve that had no business whatsoever on the plate, white bread "insides" that had been pulled out in fluffy balls and lightly toasted (there is a fine line between creativity and idiocy - a flavorless slightly toasted white bread falls to the idiocy side) and a few random sprigs of frisee. Oysters, they only had Fanny Bay tonight - prepared well and enjoyable. Filet - mine was flavorless (despite the strong mesquite smell), fatty and so severely undercooked from the medium I requested that the cook (and I mean cook, not chef) in the kitchen here should be ashamed. Husbands filet was medium rare and was cooked slightly more than mine - he said it was a good steak but not anywhere near the level of a Mastros. To me, that is the understatement of the century (see my Mastros review). White cheddar hashbrowns: Three small undercooked grated potato hockey pucks each with three specks of bacon and a flavorless cheddar. Wine list - extensive for bottles but not impressive, by the glass was a joke. All for under $250 so I can't complain about the price but in this case, you get what you (don't) pay for. If I recover from the temporary deafness caused by their blasting of Sirius 20 on 20 combined with the off the charts volume of the dining room, I might call to complain about the experience. I won't even bother complaining about the service, it wasn't bad - more like a time share pitch. To add insult to lousy dining, we caught the valet whipping my AMG around the parking lot before bringing it to the front. I won't be back.
1	We chose Bourbon Steak for restaurant week and were sadly disappointed. We were seated in the bar not the actual restaurant as apparently they did not want to offend regular clientele with the servings. Several couples were  all seated together along a wall with the restaurant week menus. The server came and told us he recommended a Kobe steak, interesting, as it was the most expensive item. We were given a salad that honestly had 4 bites. The portions were small and the food was so average. Will never be back.
3	Bourbon Steak gets 5 stars for atmosphere.  Beautiful restaurant, really attentive and friendly servers. Classic but creative menu. I had the filet and a baked potato. They were both great, although a little overpriced ultimately for what they were. I don't mind paying a lot for food that makes me weak in the knees, but I didn't quite get there. I probably won't go back just because there are other places to get steak that I love more, but I would definitely recommend folks try this place, as there are probably other delicious menu items that I am too picky to try. Too bad I can't do a 3.5!
4	Been back to the bar for Happy Hour many times since the last review, and still the service, atmosphere and cocktails are the best - hands down.  Need to knock it down a star, though, because the Happy Hour food menu looks more like it belongs at Uncle Sam's than a Michael Mina Restaurant.  The Happy Hour food is executed as well as it could be, but let's face it, it's Fair Food. Like I said, best cocktails around, and I'll keep hoping to find more appropriate food on the Happy Hour menu next time.
5	I will make this one short and sweet. This is the second chef Mina restaurant I have been to in the last month ( American Fish in Vegas). I would go back to any of his establishments in a heart beat.We had two dozen oysters, duck fat french fries, foie gras sliders, duck fat fried chicken with truffle mac and cheese, bone in prime rib, creme brulee, and the cheesecake pistachio streusel. Ohhhhh my lord did I just say that! It ended up being top five meals of my life. So F-ing delicious I shed a tear just thinking of it. If you ever have the chance to try any of  Michael Mina's places don't even think twice about it, JUST DO IT!Service= 5 stars,  Ambiance= 5 stars,  Food= OFF THE CHARTS!
3	Went to BS for their Thanksgiving dinner---but really disappointed in food.  Ate on outside patio - ambience=10, service=10, wine=10, dinner=3.  The turkey was extremely dry, and while the butter squash soup was fabulous, the signature ravioli that came with it seemed to have sat under the plate warmer way too long.  The whipped yams were great and the saving element of the entire meal.  Overall, I'd go back to BS one more time for a possible "make good"
5	Absolutely amazing from start to finish. The waitstaff here is incredible! They took time to stop by our table and talk to my brother who is in school for hospitality management. Impressive food, great wine and cocktails. Very expensive but not to be missed!
5	One of the most remarkable dining experiences in recent memory...Superb food, exquisite presentation coupled with warm, kind and attentive service.1) Crispy French fries to start with and their trio of sauces2) Duo of salads...heirlom tomatoes, fried tomatoes, even a quail egg, crispy pancetta, bib lettuce...perfect way to start the meal and stunningly presented.3) Organic filet mignon...cooked to perfection served with scrumptious sides (mushrooms, mashed potatoes so deliciously creamy you need a straw to enjoy them, and sauteed mushrooms)3) Dessert - so mind boggling delicious...I quizzed my taste buds and they couldn't even remember what I ate...Chocolate custard with red velvet brownies...ooooohh boy...the server noticed how much I enjoyed it and even offered to bring me an extra one...how sweet is that ?Of course I said yes....2 hours of cardio for me today ah ah!The service received was beyong impeccable and all of that without being intrusive. Considering how many restaurants Chef Michael Mina has, I am very impressed at how well his individual restaurants are run.They even offered a tour of the kitchen...oh my ! I was in heaven...no restaurant even does that any more.
5	I dined here last week with my wife and in-laws and, I gotta say, it doesn't get much better.  Ambiance was dark but classy.  Loved the music (no dated Rat Pack stuff here).  Started the evening with their amazing Trio of Duck Fat Fries.  The truffle emulsion may have been the best sauce I've ever had in my life!  Only got better from there: Shellfish tower was loaded with goodies and all tasted straight from the ocean!  For entrees, my wife got the Trio of Kobe Beef and I had the Fried Chicken for two.  One of the top meals I've ever had in my life.  The chicken was so moist an came with a truffle mac & cheese and onion jus.  I did say it was for two but it was so good that i refused to share.  My wife couldn't stop talking about the Kobe Trio.  But, I gotta say, the best part of the experience was the staff.  Knowledgeable just isn't enough to describe the service here.  They care about every single detail, never missing one.  The Sommelier made excellent wine recommendations (and each one well within my price range) and never skipped a beat when it came to pouring for the table.  The server was as professional as professional gets and the Manager seemed to always be there to pull out a chair or provide a fresh napkin.  Flawless.Well done Bourbon Steak!
2	I have to agree with other reviewers on this restaurant.  We went their for happy hour since we were staying at the hotel and we didn't want to go out again.  We sat at the bar and decided to try a few happy hour menu items and also a couple of items from the regular menu.  The positives - our bartender was very knowledgeable about the food and provided great service.  The wine list is also extensive.  The food is just ok and given the value, it is less than okay.  The not so positives - We started with deep fried macaroni & cheese - it was good but not memorable.  The duck fat french fries (3 different kinds with three different sauces) were very good.  They were crispy and the sauces were flavorful.  The pulled pork sliders with some cream corn pudding sauce.  The sliders had very little taste, buns were dry and the sauce was not edible.  The philly cheesesteak springroll with carmelized onions and spicy ketchup was very good.  Small appetizers for $5 each.  We tried the tuna tartare $19 - tuna was fresh, habanero infused sesame oil was overpowering in sesame flavor.  it also came with diced pears, hot peppers and pine nuts - again, sesame oil overpowerered everything.  Happy hour wines $5 were okay.  The bourbon malt adult milkshake was very good.Overall, overpriced for the taste of the food.  I don't mind paying good money if it is good - I definitely wouldn't return to this place.  It wasn't awful, just not worth wasting a meal there.  This was my first time at a Michael Mina restaurant and it was disappointing.
4	I really wanted to give this place a five, Steaks are prepared perfect. They have some great specials. I had the wagyu rib cap, it melts in your mouth.  Great service, if you want a lighter meal sit at the bar and get a burger or fish tacos. Yes the duck fat fries are great, The only reason i didn't give a five(would do 4.5) was because of the sides, the house potato dish is ok at best and the jalapeno corn, was terrible. Other than that it was perfect, I will eat there again and I have loved every Michael Mina restaurant  that I have been to.  They do have a great wine list, a tad on the expensive side. But they do have a couple of great tempranillos.
5	Amazing food and service from beginning to end!
5	Nothing short of amazing. The service is like nothing I have seen. Management was not only accommodating but stepped in and served tables as needed. Food was spectacular! Must order the grilled smoked Gouda and mushroom fondue as an appetizer.  The rest is up to you but nothing will disappoint.
5	Despite the hype, more often than not celebrity chef restaurants tend to disappoint, so I was prepared to add Michael Mina's Bourbon Steak to the list of  big-name letdowns, particularly since this is just one of four Bourbon Steak locations (San Francisco, Miami, and Detroit being the other cities).  Instead, I am giving an enthusiastic five stars and including it on my personal favorites list. Located in the lobby of the Fairmont Princess, the dark (I mean really dark) and sleek interior looks like it was lifted straight out of the Aria Las Vegas, which coincidentally is also home to another Michael Mina outpost, American Fish.  On display as you enter is an extensive and impressive collection of wine, much of it from small boutique wineries, all of it high quality, much of it very difficult to find. The dining room is quite elegant, with a soaring ceiling, softly lit.  This room is the definition of modern chic.  For whatever reason, a lot of these newer places have dispensed with tablecloths in favor of bare tables, which looks cheap to me, but overall it is a stunning, luxurious room.  Having reviewed the wine list that afternoon, and after a nice chat with the sommelier, we had selected a couple of bottles for the evening.  As requested, a bottle of '07 Altamurra cabernet had been decanted prior to our arrival and was waiting table side. This is a stunning wine, and proved to be the perfect complement to our experience. Sadly, our second bottle, a 2002 Dal Forno Romano Valpolicella, was both expensive and disappointing.The house favorite duck fat fries were served as an appetizer. While not the best fries I've ever had (for me, that distinction still goes to Danny's BBQ in Cary, NC), they were still quite tasty.  In addition, we also ordered the ahi sashimi, as well as a good (but not great) carpaccio. I would skip the carpaccio next time, but the ahi was superb. Dinner for me was the wagyu beef trio, which comes with three, 4oz cuts:  a NY strip, filet and flatiron. It also includes a side of horseradish whipped potatoes and creamed spinach. All three cuts were a perfect medium rare.  Of the three, surprisingly the flatiron was my favorite, incredibly flavorful and dense. I will be dreaming about this steak for quite some time. By the time dessert rolled around, there was not too much room left, but I pressed on and ordered the beignets with Macallan 18 butterscotch pudding. Whoa, these was some incredibly amazing, totally empty calories. They serve three beignets, but unless you want to risk a sugar coma, you may want to limit yourself to just one. Service was stellar, from start to finish. Friendly, attentive, and totally unobtrusive, they made the meal a nearly perfect experience.  So, while I am still skeptical with regards to restaurants that have a marquee name over the door, in the instance Bourbon Steak proved worthy of the name Michael Mina.
1	One of the worst experiences ever...
4	I dined at Bourbon Steak recently and was really impressed. I have been to many of the valley's fine steakhouses and loved the casual atmosphere (unlike the stuffy Capital Grille). Everyone from the hostess to the manager seemed thrilled we could join them for dinner.  The amuse bouche fries were very pleasant and I couldn't stop myself from picking before the appetizers came out.  I enjoyed the Hamachi Sashimi which was nice and light and a little fun, but not exactly amazing.  My husband had the steak which was wonderful and I had the fried chicken.  This fried chicken was awesome, wonderful flavor,and a no-bone chicken breast atop mac and cheese with a wonderful onion jus that really balanced the dish and made it pop.  For dessert my husband almost licked the bowl of the butterscotch pudding while really enjoyed my super thick and creamy chocolate custard. Then as the check arrived a nice little bag of caramel popcorn was dropped off to take home. How nice! Everything was wonderful except for the waiting. This is the one downside to Bourbon Steak, and what kept it from being 5 stars. A coke would sometimes take 10 minutes and dessert took 15. Always presented with a smile and apology for the wait...but still a shame.  I would totally recommend, just understand it may take a little longer than expected.
3	Came here for Restaurant weekAnchor Steam $7Ketel One dirty martini $14Old Cuban $13Truffled Mac and Cheese $9As everyone else mentions, their duck fat fries are a very nice touch, different than your usual bread.BF had the pistachio crusted halibut which he loved (I thought it was lacking in... flavor). I had the filet, which was great!For dessert I had the strawberry "cheescake", which I'm not sure if it's on the usual menu,but it was basically mascarpone cheesecake Filling, no crust, piped onto the plate in decorative little blobs.Though very small, it was delicious, reminding me my fat rear doesn't need a crap ton of sugar+fat for dessert. BF had the bourbon-y pudding dessert, which again, he loved.I think it would be Underwhelming to come back and pay full price, but it's a good value during Restaurant Week.
3	Was in the mood for a nice, classic dirty martini last night and R.J. (bartender) filled the void perfectly. Served with a skewer of small,  delicious Kalamata olives. This was a pleasant twist to the big, green olives. The martini was clean, smooth and perfectly balanced. Thumbs up R.J.! On the other hand, the Vegetarian Falafel burger that I ordered was thumbs...sideways. I've had falafel burgers and traditional fried falafel countless times before so I was stoked to see it on their menu. My experience was a disappointment in flavor and texture. The burger was completely bland and could have used a little extra texture. The burger is touted as Michael Mina's mother's recipe. So I really hate to give it a negative review. Perhaps Chef Mina should step Mom's recipe up a notch! #Just saying. When my server asked how my food was, I let him know that I wasn't a fan. His response was,  "Ok, I'll let the chef know" and sheepishly walked away. Huh!??? That's it? Our server was very pleasant and attentive, but when it came to responding to "I don't care for my meal" he could have done better. And frankly, if I wasn't with business associates, I would have sent the burger back. I felt that instead of simply saying "I'll let the Chef know" he should have asked if he could bring me something else. I accidentally skipped lunch and starving, so I ate the burger...reluctantly. I've been to Bourbon a few times but always just sit in the bar which I think has great ambiance. The last time I was there, me and my friend ordered classic cheeseburgers. We asked for them to be cooked medium. We got medium-well. The beef is high quality, so the taste was good and we didn't complain. But still, we ASKED for medium. The red onion rings were delish however. Question is: can I get a consistent meal at Bourbon Steak? Jury is still out.
3	Not a typical hotel "steak house". Just had appetizers and cocktails in the bar... Could use a slightly larger selection (cater to the hotel crowd) but those we had were top-tier (lobster roll, sliders, fish n frites).
2	Michael Mina prices with Mickey Mouse food.The restaurant is set in the beautiful Fairmont-Princess hotel; great bars abound on this property all worth a visit.  Going on the bars look I couldn't wait to see the restaurant, especially the bar adjoining the restaurant.  As I went to the bar, I did notice a restaurant, very bistro/casual almost thrown together.  This would be the dining room.  OUCH!  Staff was okay, maitre d was good.I started with the chilled corn soup which was very good.  I followed it with the 32 ounce Porterhouse (T-Bone), order medium rare, this was not so good ($60).  The strip was cooked rare and the tenderloin was  medium-well , not quite the medium rare I ordered.  If you are "fine dining" and cannot cook a steak you need to find a new job.  Note to anyone - never send a steak back no matter where!  The side dishes come in small metal dishes ($9 a pop) - mushrooms (greasy); mac'n cheese (over-cooked); spinach (gritty).  I decided against dessert.  The wine list is mind blowing expensive and out of keeping for the restaurant, I wasn't exactly spoilt for choice as I looked for wines in the $80-125 range.Cannot see coming back.  Just a very ordinary experience at a very high price.
4	We came for Restaurant Week & didn't even order off the menu. Everything looked good, but the regular menu looked even better so we went with that. The fries are a nice touch to the meal but I wish I hadn't eaten so many since I was pretty full after finishing them. We started with the ahi tuna tartare app which was fabulous. I can see why it's a popular item on their menu.For my entree, I ordered the scallops. Not a big fan of peaches, but I actually enjoyed them and they complimented the scallops very well. We ordered a side of truffled mac & cheese which I thought was way too rich - we only ate a bite & had to stop and bring it home to finish the next day. Dessert looked fabulous but we were in the mood for froyo so we passed.Service was great - since we told them it was our first time coming to the restaurant & we were locals they gave us a 20% card for our next visit. We will definitely use it, as this restaurant is far from cheap. Beautiful restaurant both inside & out - the patio is gorgeous. Come ready to eat & definitely spend some money.
5	Best steak ever!!! I think i licked my plate clean...
5	Outstanding wagyu beef. Great wine list and the best peanut butter chocolate dessert on earth!!
3	Went for dinner between Christmas and New Year. The place was packed, and everything was flowing efficiently. Noise wasn't bad. Waiter and sommelier were professionals.Located in the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess grounds: Nice bar...you can eat there at Happy Hour. But, the main show is the dining room, where the waiters and sommelier perform expertly. Get ready for the menu...lots of choices; and I recommend that you listen to the waiter's explanations (user assistance for the menu). It's key to your ability to order well.What I came away with: the steaks are sublime, and so are the accouterments (mac & cheese (may have been a special item on our night), salt-baked potato with a huge array of traditional fixings, creamed spinach with smoked onion, sunchoke gratin with goat cheese sauce, and so on).We had the 14 oz New York Strip...cut it in half ourselves, and that was plenty of steak for us. Very good steak by any standard.But, even though the steak was sumptuous, the best part of the meal was the dessert (remember, "life is uncertain, EAT dessert!" ...  Ernestine Ulmer). We had the mascarpone cheesecake. This is a deconstructed cheesecake served with strawberries, raspberries, and pistachios. Short of Bavarian cheesecake from Munich, very nice! Bon appetit.
5	We went for happy hour and it was very lively. You were able to talk to the people sitting around you without hollering. That was great. The sliders and fries were great. The bartenders where very knowledgeable about wine and drinks. Great place. Enjoy
5	Hubby and I had a belated Valentine's dinner here on Saturday night and it was the best upscale meal I've had since being back in AZ, hands down. I'll preface by saying that I am not usually a huge fan of steakhouses - they're a bit of a hard sell for me because they're generally uncreative and they just don't try very hard. However, Bourbon Steak has been on my list for awhile because I heart Michael Mina restaurants and I was pleasantly surprised to see that he had one in Scottsdale. The restaurant is located at the Fairmont Princess but has its own entrance just beside the hotel lobby. There is no self-parking, but you can get your valet slip validated by the hostess at the restaurant so that there is no charge for using the Fairmont's valet. You're greeted by walls of wine bottles along the hallway as you enter. The decor is sleek, modern, and sophisticated with lighting that is low enough to be romantic but bright enough that you can see your companions and the food. The dining rooms are very segmented/partitioned, which creates lots of little cubbies perfect for an intimate dinner (instead of a large sea of tables in a cavernous dining room). We sat indoors but could see out to a few small patio areas which looked lovely as well. Although they offered a split of my favorite champagne (Billecart), I opted for a specialty cocktail instead. After reviewing the list for a few minutes, I settled on a few options and asked for our server's expert opinion, as she informed us that she had bartended in the past and was very familiar with the list. She recommended the Gypsy, which was a mix of elderflower liqueur, Mezcal, and lime served up in a martini glass and it was delicious! Crisp and refreshing. We deliberated over the menus for a bit, then placed our orders. We were surprised by a gift from the Chef (which seems to be automatic for everyone) of three small cups of french fries fried in duck fat along with a few different sauces. They were delicious, but a bit overwhelming as an amuse to a meal which promised to be quite heavy already :) Our appetizers were Butternut Squash soup and Crispy Pork Belly. Both were tasty, although the Butternut Squash Soup was definitely the more memorable as it had a bit of habenero in it which gave the flavor a nice kick!We both ordered NY Strip as our entree and they appeared cooked to a perfect medium and mouthwateringly delicious - prepared with just a touch of salt and butter that complemented the flavor of the grass fed beef perfectly. The side dishes were fun: Hashbrown potatoes topped with cheese, bacon, with chive creme freche on the side AND brussels sprouts with bacon marmalade. The brussels sprouts were absolutely memorable - they did not look like much when they came out (in fact I grimaced a bit because I thought that they were overcooked) BUT they were amazingly delicious and addictive... definitely a highlight. We waited for the dessert menu with baited breath and perused it thoroughly before making our decisions. The only hiccup in the process was a misunderstanding on my part, when my sugar-deprived "diet brain" hopefully mistook the last line on the menu with overwhelming excitement:"ALL DESSERTS  - $9" as some sort of amazing value-tasting of every dessert on the list. Alas, my conscious mind was able to knock some sense back into me and we settled on just two of the desserts: the Beignets and the Bourbon Bar. Point of note: The beignets say "choice of one" dipping sauce, but our server kindly reminded us that we could have all three if we wanted (and we DID!) They come with Creme Brulee (a dessert unto itself and amazingly delicious, with a perfectly toasted brulee top), Valhrona 66% dark chocolate, and Macallan Butterscotch... dunking the fluffy pastry pillow beignets into each of these was a joy - they were great!The Bourbon Bar is deceptively small in size, but very rich! There was a brownie bottom, peanut butter ganache layer, and chocolate mousse layer covered with glacage. We cleared out every bite.Service throughout our dinner was incredible - attentive, appropriate, gracious, but with personality. Our server was obviously knowledgeable about the menu, but even more impressive was the knowledge and enthusiasm that the back servers and food runners displayed when dropping our food - each dish was announced and explained when placed in front of us, and the staff members happily pointed out their favorites before departing the table. Our places were marked appropriately prior to each course, silverware was cleared and provided according to what we were each having. Refills for my water and my husband's iced tea were prompt and unobtrusive. The dining room captain stopped by during the meal to ascertain that we were happy with everything, and several staff members stopped on our way out to thank us for coming in and wish us a good night.I was impressed and truly enjoyed my experience. Can't wa
2	This meal was a disappointment for my husband and me. The service was not great. There were a few larger parties and we were left hanging a few times. It seemed like we were a bother. The beet salad was yummy and hubby's filet had good flavor but lacked in the presentation. I liked the flavor more than he did. It looked blah. We asked which side was a good one and went with the hash browns. What a waste! They were straight out of a freezer with a little topping. Not what we expected. The prawns were good. Great wine selection with some very affordable options. Not sure we would go again...I would rather get a cab and go to nearby Capital Grille.
4	Michael Mina never disappoints. Was thrilled to stumble across an MM restaurant in N. Scottsdale, located at the Fairmont. Specialty cocktails are delish and well-made. Ahi tuna tartare is outstanding - high quality tuna prepared with ancho chile, pear and sesame oil. HH specials are great. Kumamoto oysters were fresh and beautifully presented ($2 e during HH). Short rib sliders (2 sliders/order) are well-constructed - the short rib was flavorful and tender.Excellent service. Beautiful wine list. Fantastic ambiance and decor.
5	I was taken here by my family for my birthday and was treated like royalty by the staff. Great selection, great food. Wr had a very enjoyable evening.
2	Visited Bourbon Steak the night after Mastro's and Bourbon Steak disappointed - both in an absolute sense and relative to Mastro's.I was sort of crammed in the back of a large table, so I may have been invisible to the waitstaff, but my water was never refilled and I was passed over for fresh wine about half a dozen times. I couldn't even get their attention by peering longingly in their direction in an effort to establish eye-contact.  Maybe they thought I was stalking them, but really I was just thirsty.I ordered the filet (along with 3 others at my table) and it was improperly prepared (ordered medium, it came rare).  That was fine, I am not overly picky, but I thought it should have at least been warm.  It was actually COLD through and through when it got to the table.  Even this might have been fixed had the waitstaff ever asked, "and how is your meal." but, they didn't, so...If you are ever in Scottsdale and in the mood for a filet, I would probably skip Bourbon Steak and seriously consider Mastro's.  Oh, and if you go to Mastro's, get the lobster mashed potatoes to go with your steak, I hear they are amazing.
4	Service and food were excellent. Sat on outside patio with cool ambiance ... love the light fixtures.The "amuse" is a trio of fries (paprika dusted with bbq sauce, black pepper dusted with a garlic aioli and salted with roasted onion ketchup).I started with the sweet garlic soup with fried meyer lemon, artichoke barigoule and ricotta gnudi ... fantastic combination of textures and flavors ... My husband started with the seared foie gras with white chocolate and other delectables ... he loved it.  He also very much enjoyed his perfectly cooked flat iron steak and truffle mac and cheese.I ordered 6 ounces of the A5 Wagyu cooked rare to medium-rare and it was simply outstanding ... red and warm in the middle with a crisp outer sear ... so buttery with marbling ... probably could have ordered 4 to 5 ounces as it does get a bit rich ... the sides (broccolini, white cheddar hashbrowns and sauteed spinach, unfortunately were a disappointment, the first two being bland and the last overly seasoned).Enjoyed an extremely nice bottle of 2009 DRC Vosne-Romanee.  Nice wine list.Parting gift from Chef Mina's crew here are little bags of caramel corn.
4	I went during restaurant week: 3 courses for $40 which made me smile.Course 1- Duck Confit, elderberries, and cornbread with a side of French Fries fried in duck fat (paprika dusted with some bbq sauce, pepper dusted with aioli, and salted with ketchup.  This was the best course BY FAR.  These french fries were out of this world and the duck was as tender as osso buco.Course 2- Flat Iron Steak cooked medium rare.  Very good piece of steak and they did the best with flat iron that I've ever head.Course 3- Rocky Road Ice Cream with homemade marshmallows.  Great ending to a great meal.  Lighter than most chocolate desserts, which is fine by me.Drinks- Were decent and this keeps it from getting 5 stars.  If I'm spending $16 for a cocktail, it better be incredible.  They were simply good.  I had mezcal & ginger beer, and a bourbon based drink.
1	From start to finish, one of the worst dining experiences I've had in a really long time.  Perhaps it's my fault for going during restaurant week, but then again, the place wasn't even crowded.       The first sign of trouble was the waiter taking twenty minutes to take our cocktail order.  He returned after thirty minutes (no hyperbole here) to bring us the cocktails and tell us the bottle of wine we'd chosen was out of stock.  It would be another twenty minutes before the waiter visited again to take our order.  Were it not for the amuse bouche of french fries, we may have starved.       Then the fire alarm went off and I thought we'd have to evacuate.  This would have been the best thing that could have happened, but it stopped.     Finally, our salads arrived.  I had what I believe they call the bibb lettuce salad and it was uninspiring, a chunk of lettuce with an inadequate amount of blue cheese and bacon on top.       The next forty, yes FORTY, minutes were the longest of my life.  I queried the waiter twice as to what might be going on in the kitchen to delay our steaks for so long. We were ready to get up and leave when I asked to see the manager, who finally sauntered over just as the meal arrived.  He had the waiter pour us each a glass of muscat "for our trouble."  Gee, thanks for the desert wine.       The flavor of the steak was good, but would have been much better, had it not been cold upon arrival, and if I hadn't been cutting it with a dull knife.  At this point, we'd been there close to three hours and I was really just ready to go.       I've really never had an experience where the wait staff seemed so clueless and inept.  Based on so many good reviews, I have to think this was an off night for Bourbon Steak, but I won't be back.  A sincere apology  and a few cocktails on the house might have gone a long way toward making the wait more tolerable.     If you want a good steak in Scottsdale/Phoenix, go to Mastro's, City Hall, or Ocean Club.  They are on their game 100% of the time.
3	Nice Resort steakhouse. Food is good. I wouldn't rate this say on a Mastro's level although it seemed to be our waiter was trying to make us think we were there, but in general the place is just ok.
5	The 5 stars is for the bar.  The bartender here is awesome.  Its cool they serve the entire menu at the bar and service some good cocktails. One of my new favorite places to eat in Scottsdale.  I'll be back the next time I am in town.  I can't stop thinking about the salmon burger. nom nom
1	This place is the classic example of a resort restaurant. You will be treated like a one-time customer.  We sat at the bar and ordered from the restaurant menu.  We are local diners who tried something new.  There are numerous other steak restaurants that offer much better service and superior quality food.  For example, Mastro's steakhouse, Ocean Club, Dominick's and even Outback Steakhouse would be better choices.  It took almost an hour for our entrees to arrive even though we ordered the daily "special".  We also didn't stick around for the last two courses because the delayed service was so painful.  The Spice Poached shrimp cocktail offered two medium shrimp on a huge plate for $22.  It was ridiculous.  Save yourself some grief and take a 5 minute cab to one of the many alternative places just outside of the resort grounds.
3	There are so many great steakhouses around and there is absolutely nothing wrong with this one BUT I think there are many better ones with more reasonable prices out there like BLT Steak, Capital Grill and Mastro's to name a few.  As I said there is nothing wrong with the restaurant but I prefer some competitors
5	I love Michael Mina restaurants and always have a great experience. We ordered Wagyu, filet and lobster pot pie. The lobster pot pie presentation and serving was amazing. My husband's Wagyu was good but not the best he has had and the filet was tasty. The trio of fries cooked in duck fat were good. Since we are from Ca, we ordered the foie gras. It was good but definitely an acquired taste. Overall everything was delicious and will be back.
4	Bourbon Steak house was a fantastic experience for us. I was able to take my bride and our daughter here at the end of our stay in Scottsdale. Food was great, the service was outstanding. A very classy menu and staff. The food was a wonderful experience in taste and texture..
4	I had dinner with some coworkers here the other night and I was very impressed. It's at the Fairmont Princess which I had been to once before for an event, but I hadn't been on the site before otherwise. We arrived a few minutes before they opened and found a table in the bar. They were having issues with their sound system which was slightly disrupting (loud static), but the manager was very apologetic and they were quickly resolved. We first started with drinks and appetizers - trio of duck fat fries, tuna tartare, and the chicken wings. The duck fat fries were so good that we got a second order of them. I am not a lover of seafood, but I tried the tuna tartare and I didn't hate it, so that must be good for something. The KFC wings were really good! Had a great kick to them and were very big and meaty. We went back and forth between ordering off of the dinner menu or getting a burger, and the four of us decided on burgers and we all ended up getting the All-Beef. It was really good, but next time I would get it without the balsamic onions. With our burgers we shared side orders of the truffle mac and cheese and the grilled (roasted?) peppers. I would have easily eating the mac and cheese by myself, it was delicious. I can't find a description of the peppers, but I had never had them and they were also good. We took our time eating and drinking, our server was great and hung out to chat with us throughout the night. We ended with an order of beignets and the apple crisp. First time eating beignets and they were delicious. Get the butterscotch pudding dip, you won't be disappointed. They even brought out an extra (4) so that we would all have one to try. The apple crisp was also great.
4	I am catching up on reviews. However, the service here was by far the most excellent service in the Valley I have received thus far. Why only four stars? Well, it began most wonderfully with a trio of fries and sauces. We were there for Restaurant Week, which I suppose had a play in our experience....Service was impeccable from the beginning. We never wanted for water and each dish was nicely displayed and described. Then, the food. As foodies, I suppose we expected more. The egg appetizer was a hit, but the corn soup was good but not something I would talk about. At this point it was either the fries or the poached egg that were interesting and noteworthy. The main course arrived with our competent server and his entourage. The short ribs were nothing "short" of amazing.
4	Bourbon Steak was the highlight of Arizona Restaurant Week. I have been wanting to come here for a long time so when they were listed for ARW, I was on board. You can't go wrong, starting with the atmosphere: you pull up to valet at The Fairmont Scottsdale Princess and make your way through the walkway adorned with wine bottles into the the dark, sexy lobby.In stark contrast the restaurant is white stone with modern, minimalist decor....and great music playing. We start off with the complimentary serving of duck fat french fries, three servings each dusted with a different kind of seasoning and dipping sauce.I started with the bacon and egg, which is pork belly and breaded soft boiled egg accompanied with kimchi and basil. The farm salad also looked fresh-from the garden delicious and bountiful. For my main I had the filet mignon which was cooked up a perfect medium rare that you could almost cut with a fork. It was one of the best pieces of meat I've ever had-VERY flavorful and satisying. I also got to try the salmon. Now I HATE salmon because it is almost always smoked, which I cannot stand. Their salmon is grilled, not smoked, is light and flaky without being dry and is topped with a light crusting. I would come back her for the salmon (or a steak, or both!)For my dessert I had the strawberry shortcake with basil gelatto....doesn't get better than this, right. WRONG! I got to try the butterscotch pot de creme with beignets. There was booze in the butterscotch.....need I say more?????We finished off the evening with a nightcap at Stone Rose. It was the first cool night of autumn so how better to top things off than a drink under the stars by a fire????Great success of an evening and well done to Bourbon Steak.I will be back!
1	Worst fine dining experience I have ever had last night.  it took half an hour to get a wine list.  The server went away and told us our selection was not available.  Then the sommelier informed us that was an old wine list. He made a decent recommendation but that took another half hour.  Still no one had taken our order.  She finally took our order and was bitchy.  We got our salad 45 minutes later.  Very plain for what we paid.  The steak arrived 30 minutes after they cleared salad plates (an hour and 15 after we ordered and 2 hours and 15 minutes after we sat down) cold and flavorless.  It sickens me that we had to pay so much for such a lousy experience and they meal tool a total of 3 hours from arrival to departure.
5	I transferred to AZ from Dallas and my mother traveled from the midwest for a week to visit. All week she compared everything to Dallas and how I need to move back UNTIL we went to Bourbon Steak. She still raves that it was one of the best meals of her life. The server was attentive and very friendly but we all just want to hear about the food! Though, on a side note, I had my 6 month old with me and the server did everything he could to make her highchair as comfortable as possible for her - much appreciated. As could be expected, the steak was cooked to perfection and all the side items were delicious. Do not forget the duck fat fries! Seriously, who needs convincing to eat duck fat fries?! Can't wait to go back!
2	Made reservation for 7:45 and finally sat down at 9:10. Offered many apologies and a free desert but who needs the desert. I finally stood up and asked some friends that we're eating to share left overs and the bartender finally came to our rescued. Finally ate and food is good. I need my drinks comped while I waited over hour.
5	Amazing dinner experience! We had dinner on Christmas night. Set menu that evening with choice of wine pairing. The meal was glorious... Especially the chestnut soup with scallops. Service was spot-on! We had a wonderful evening and can't wait to return!
3	The entrance to the resturant was impressive; a corridor lined with thousands of wine bottles. The dark lighting and poignant accents set a mood of opulence. The layout of the restaurant was that of any fine dining establishment; beautiful seating, brilliant utensils, decorative pieces of art. We were a party of 14 with a Corporate credit card, my expectations were set high. Our server was young, polite and inexperienced for a restaurant of this caliber. His mistakes were due to lack of experience, training and support.  Specials of the day were shared with the far end of the table only. We expected a more engaging server with expert product knowledge.  Our dining experience lasted 3.5 hours with huge gaps in between courses, this included cocktail service.  My wife's second cocktail arrived after the meal. This nights dinner was the last night of a long weekend of five star dining.  We ordered light.  My wife and I both ordered the 8 oz. filet, medium and split a blue cheese wedge.  The salad was separately plated and peppered at the table. The wedge lacked flavor and needed salt that was nowhere to be found.  My wife's filet was cooked to a perfect medium. After the first cut it was obvious my filet was on the rare side of medium rare.  The customary table visit after the meal was set down was non existent.  I had to flag down a server to have the filet checked. When the filet was returned, quite some time later, I was down to only 5 oz.  Expecting the temperature to be perfect at this point was just not the case.  The filet was now a solid medium rare.  By this time our friends were nearly finished with their meal.  Unacceptable for a high end steak house.  Furthermore if you use Ruth's Chris as an example of a perfect 10, this filet was a 7.The sides were small and over priced. We brought a special bottle of wine to share and complement wine from the wine list.  They did not offer corkage fee and requested we ordered exclusively off the wine menu.  I expected more for a meal that cost nearly $2,000.  Don't think I will go back.
4	If I were rating Bourbon Steak on just the Lobster Pot Pie, it'd get 10 stars!  It may be the best dish that I've ever tasted.  I can't wait to go to a Michael Mina restaurant again just to eat the Lobster Pot Pie.Being from Chicago, I have high expectations for a steak house.  Aside from the Lobster Pot Pie, the rest of our dishes were just so-so.  The Tuna Tartare sounded way more interesting than it actually tasted.  The Oysters were good, not great.  Service was awkward.But the 10 stars for the Pot Pie more than compensate for the rest of the meal & service.  Check it out!
4	We can't comment on the dinner menu, entrees or food, but really liked the bar to start off the night.  Great cocktails, but if you are a Bloody Mary fan don't bother.  Great service, ambiance, atmosphere and bar food.
1	How do you go wrong with a French Pinot Noir, a pate appetizer, a tenderloin and a lobster side?  By eating here!!   This was, by far, the MOST expensive, WORST quality meal that my family have NOT enjoyed in a long, long time.  I had to send my steak back twice.  The second time they just brought my steak back and blamed the lighting.  Do not eat here unless you want to be RIPPED OFF!!!
5	Bourbon Steak - Round 2!Bourbon is definitely a rare treat for me, and well worth the wait! I had dinner here on Friday night with a friend (AND NO KIDS!!) & it was easily the best night I've had in a year! While, no children and adult conversation were surely key contributors, the atmosphere and food for absolutely phenomenal!My friend tried the "double mule" but not being a grapefruit fan, I opted for the margarita(s). Surprisingly, I really liked her drink as well, you could taste the ginger in it but it wasn't overwhelming - just refreshing! The patron Margarita was seriously on point, thus the need for 2!We of course had the duck fat fries - the pastrami "dusted" fries & Russian dressing tasted exactly like a Ruben ~ So delicious!We also had the duck confit, which sits atop a German potato salad with pickled mustard seeds (you need this in your life!). I do recommend that they should note it is made with bacon on the menu, though I ate around it and it was still amazing.Everyone knows the steaks and sides are fantastic, we had the creamed spinach and soy glazed mushrooms. I was pretty sure I wouldn't be able to eat as much as I did given the tightness of my dress but it was so hard to throw in the towel!Holly was our server and she was so perfect! She explains the specials professionally and has great recommendations without feeling like we were being pushed into anything. She visited the table just enough - I never searched the room for her, nor did I feel like she was interrupting our fun, in fact she was part of it! Loved it again and can't wait to go back!
5	Service was impeccable - Justin was our server, and very personable. All the staff was very friendly and warm. We sampled all happy hour items . Duck fat fries were amazing as were  the Korean wings, gnocchi, avocado toast! To die for. Steak tartare was fabulous, and loved the homemade gelato, especially the baileys flavor.  Complimentary valet service. Good prices considering the very high quality of the food. We will definitely return -- chefs are terrific obviously!!  Hotel architecture is worth a look around. A great north Scottsdale restaurant. Check it out!
1	First time and last time there.  To start, the side Caesar salad has no flavor and better yet, no dressing.  Ordered the Ahi Tuna which had no flavor once again, no seasoning whatsoever.  Side dishes are $11 a piece, so your main course is just your meat which looks ridiculous.  I ordered the baked potato which once again, had no flavor and was very dry. The cost for a glass of wine here is amazing.  It's nice to sit on the patio but the cost and overall taste of food is not there.
1	Celebrated my Wife's Birthday yesterday and all four of us were disappointed.  First, they offered ONE Chardonnay by the glass for $29? Wines by the Bottle were extremely over-priced. Next, two Cesar Salads were blah, hardly any dressing and my New York Steak was fair......not what you would expect from a :high-end" restaurant and does not compare to Flemings, Ruth's Chris or Donovan's.Service was very good; however, overall, did not get value for $400 dinner tab.
1	Terrible! Today was my 40th birthday and we went to Bourbon's steakhouse and it was HORRIBLE!!! The service was some of the worst service I have ever experienced, they were mostly dumb teenagers who did not know the menu. We had to ask the staff to clear the table as they just kept walking by and wouldn't remove the empty plates. The food was downright awful, we had the octopus and it was absolutely disgusting, the kanpachi appetizer was mediocre at best and the steaks were tough and chewy. My mom got the bone in ribeye and literally could not cut through it with a steak knife it was so tough and such a bad piece of meat she sent it back and did not request another steak. There were 7 of us and the bill was $900 and it was such a disappointment.
2	Do not waste your money! So disappointed! Martini ... so-so. Prawns (3 for $30) were large, tasteless, and the sauces bland. Next a deconstructed Caesar salad, the best part was the cheese peelings ... go figure! Our medium rare New York was way too rare but it was so tough we couldn't eat it anyway! Asparagus, 10 tiny, vinegared spears ... like I said ... keep your wallet close and do yourself a favor by going somewhere else!
4	Very good steakhouse.  The lobster pot pie is different... and very tasty.  Service is prompt and not at all pretentious.  Better than Dominicks... different than Mastros.  Definitely a good choice for a special occasion.
1	I will start off on  the good stuff. We received a card celebrating our Anniversary.  It pretty much went down hill from there.  The waiter was nice, but ALLL his recommendations were really bad. My wife asked him about the Lobster Pot Pie ($65). He said it was great a must have. However it was anything but. on a scale from 1 to 10 it was a 1.  The salad he recommended was a 1 out of 10. It had no dressing on it. Th waiter said nothing to us when we told him that. My steak was very good, however at $85.00 what would you expect.   Over all we would not go back, for a $292 bill, we were very very disappointed.  Don't go here. Save your money.
3	I love steak and I love steakhouses. I also expect incredible service for the prices you pay at a restaurant like Bourbon. First the good news....the food was delicious. Mikey, who was not our server, but the servers assistant was absolutely terrific and truly knows the definition of 'customer service' - he knows his product and knows what a customer expects from a restaurant of this caliber and is proud and happy to share his thoughts, knowledge and special touch. Amanda, who was also not our server, also picked up where our server fell short again. Our server was missing in action for most of the evening and had it not been for Mikey and Amanda we would still be waiting for our order to be taken. While the food was good, we were so preoccupied with the poor service of our waiter, it really ruined the whole experience. I just don't get it, how can you command these prices and not back it up with excellent service. We literally had to go to the hostess stand three times to find our waiter. The restaurant is beautiful but service leaves a lot to be desired. I hesitate even giving it three stars but Mikey, Amanda and the food made up for the failure of others.
2	The food is good but if your eating in the bar bring a fan - it is way to hot - there is no AC - pathetic
2	I've been wanting to try Bourbon Steak for ages, and thought Restaurant Week might be a good time. But sadly, it was a disappointment, and I doubt that we will go back. There are too many other choices nearby that outshine them, like Mastro's. The farm salad was average (told no tomatoes available), the "prime hanger steak" was so chewy, my husband spit out the bite I shared with him. It was cooked to correct degree of doneness, however.  Tables were ultra close together so that the party of 2 businessmen sitting at a table next to us were close enough that they could have been our guests. Noisy and busy, even though our reservation was 5:30 pm on a week night.  It was hard to hear the explanation of the food, like the paring of the 3 kinds of fries with the 3 dipping sauces, or what was that puddle of sauce/potatoes under my steak.  Loud music blaring (Tom Petty, Bob Dylan) We had trouble getting our "doggie bag" that truly went to our dogs. Our server never came back, and we had to track down our busser. The complimentary french fries were good, and they gave complimentary little bags of caramel corn with the payment. But when I contrast the food and service with other Restaurant Week experiences, this falls short. Some places like Fleming's and Eddie V's became regular stops with us due to a very positive Restaurant Week experience. Bourbon Steak is a very casual place for one so pricey. Even the wait staff wears jeans. I would imagine that if you order off the regular menu, it would be at least $100 per person with tax/tip. Burgers in the bar are $18. Fleming's at DC Ranch offers a better one with better atmosphere for $6. Tonic in mixed drink was flat. Wine by the glass very pricey. Ladies Room needed attention. Used washcloths were not put in basket, toilet not flushed, no seat covers. Surprisingly dated rest room for place remodeled from the fabulous Masquesa just 6 years ago. Hope they do a better job on the remodel of The Grill.
5	I love this place! Made all the better by Matt Doerr!  best bar commander I've ever run into!
4	I wish I could remember our server's name. He was great! I really enjoyed the ambiance here and the wonderful service from ALL of the staff. I stayed at the Princess over Fourth of July weekend and the restaurant was busy but you wouldn't even know. I hardly waited a moment without someone coming by to fill my water, ask if we needed anything, or bring food to our table. I ordered the chilled corn soup for an app and I can't stop thinking about it. We ordered the lobster pot pie to share (sorry we didn't order more, we felt fat from eating and drinking all day). But the pot pie wasn't  small by the way. The presentation alone makes this dish worth it. Such fun! Everything was so nice and I would love to come back and take advantage of the wine list next time too! Thank you for a great dinner and awesome service! :-)
3	We came here in May, our server was Chris. We ended up all getting the Restaurant week menu.I really liked the chilled asparagus soup.  They had fries as appetizer and a small sweet bite to finish our meal.We all had the prime hanger steak, and 2 of us were very pleased with it. One of them however, was very tough. They offered to replace it and they did, but once they brought it back it was sliced and still tough... so it seemed it was the same one, just sliced... Had it been in one piece I would not have that suspicion...Anyway, it was still not meeting the expectations... I did try it and it was in fact very tough, even hard to swallow, which was very weird because mine was delicious.Everyone at the restaurant was very nice and friendly.The other thing is that when I got home I noticed I had lost a small device. I called them and the hostess I spoke to confirmed someone had turned it in. I stopped by a couple of days later and my item was not in the lost and found records or items, I spent over half an hour there because I could not believe it, however no one was able to help me.Such a disappointment, for a place like this, this was overall a not very good experience.
2	I really was disappointed with the atmosphere. The music and song selection was low volume and horrible. They have a lot of windows which makes it really hot and they don't turn the AC down. I got a filet and it was really salty and unappetizing. The price was extremely high and for the price it's so not worth it.
4	I have been here a few times since and I love the beignets!  The duck fat fries that they serve in place of bread are AMAZING. The service varies, I have had amazing wait staff and disappointing wait staff for a restaurant on this level. It seems to be the luck of the draw but the food is wonderful if you are willing to splurge on cost.
1	Terrible! First, we had a reservation and asked not be be seated in a main walkway..you guessed it..we were put in a main aisle. Next we ordered a filet mignon medium well..it came out 'on the hoof' rare..RED RED RED! The other steak was good. When the raw steak was sent back, 10 mins later the same bloody steak was brought back out..the steak was again sent back. This time the steak was ONLY SLIGHTLY better cooked, still RED and this time about 50% smaller in size. Apparently from what I can tell is these steaks are so infused with water, oil/fat that the cook is AFRAID to serve more than rare as the food would be the size of a postage stamp. So now back to the steak..this last time the meat was a bit more cooked, 50% smaller and tough. The potatoes and spinach were very small and barely enough to eat for two people--considering each of these SMALL portions was over $12 each..what a disgrace! This is a shame as each SMALL serving of 'sides' was all this other person could eat since the horrible steak was largely inedible. I will say however the manager 'comped' the one inedible steak, however the point of going to this restaurant was to EAT, not to get a freebie!! After leaving with one of us hungry from the inedible steak and my also feeling somewhat hungry and annoyed, we were both feeling like some good/real food and were hungry that we had to go to another restaurant on the way home..this is a first I have had to do this in my life.. Oh, and on another note, take away the nice lobby, the restaurant itself was 'minimalist' in nature..hard seating, uncomfortable, echoey, very underwhelming! I eat regularly at Flemings, Morton's and Dominics..all are FAR superior to this overpriced, uncomfortable, ripoff called a 'restaurant! Buyer beware!!!
2	Here is the real skinny on this place.Great ambiance - like the decor1.  Liked the foie gras - definitely worth it2. DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE OYSTERS- terrible and so small.  Should have been $1/oyster instead of 3/oyster 3.  Wine collection is great - we brought our somalier to dinner and she was impressed4.  Food took a while to come out5.  I had the wayagu flat iron a tasted like crap (like a tire).  I had a steak at the Spanish restaurant the night before that was so much better and 1/8 the cost6. Sides were ok - mac and cheese, mushrooms and baked potato were great - fried rice was not cooked thoroughly 7.  I b*tched about the bad oysters so they enriched the desserts - desserts were average.8. Lobster pot pie was not all that they mAke it out to seem - it's just a metal pot with a fancy puff pasty on top - not worth it.Overall - Disappointed....
4	Restaurant was closed this evening due to our group renting the entire place for our sales convention. Fixed menu. Everything was excellent and flavorful, flank steak, potatoes mushrooms. Just not enough to go around the table.
4	It's no Kai but it is excellent food and if you get the happy hour, a great value.The Somm here THOMAS is excellent. Great guy who really knows his stuff.The steak was outstanding, we recommend the Flatiron. The Ribeye left us a bit flat.All in all, a good experience for 4 star dining. Probably wouldn't repeat for anything other than Happy Hour foods and an excellent wine selection.
3	I used to LOVE this place, but as soon as they stopped making the amazing burgers, my husband and I stopped coming here. I can't even describe how much we loved Michael Mina's burgers... they were probably the best burgers I've ever tasted. When we found out they were taken off the menu, to say I was disappointed would be an understatement. Yeah, I know that restaurants change up their menus, but I thought this was one of the main attractions of this place. We enjoyed eating them in Bourbon's bar... it was always a highlight of our vacation, and we'd come more than once during any of our trips. We also dined in the restaurant portion before, and the steaks are what you would expect from a high end restaurant. The wagyu beef was especially wonderful.
1	Made a reservation on Open Table, which I love, and in the notes I explained it was our 12th Anniversary. My Husband thought of a idea of opening a bottle of wine that we purchased on our trip to Napa. It's a special occasion type bottle.  I did a search online to see if they do a corkage fee.  I came across a website called No Corkage Fees.com. http://nocorkagefees.com/directory/locality/Scottsdale/#.VES0QNm9LCQIt gives the restaurants number and address so I know I was getting the right place.  I called and a very young sounded lady, answered the phone Bourbon Steak.  I told her I had a reservation and was coming in for my anniversary dinner and was wondering if I could bring in a bottle of wine. She was quiet for a minute and said that we could do so.  We were very excited that we could bring in a bottle that we had been saving for a special occasion from our Napa trip. I have to admit, I didn't read my fellow Yelpers reviews and I wish I would have.  After seeing the restaurant, to me, this is not a romantic Anniversary dinner type place. We got to the restaurant and go to what we thought was the hostess stand.  Waited for a few minutes and then we started walking around the restaurant to try to find someone who worked there.  Finally found a server and I asked if there was a Hostess. The server said yes and was looking around to locate one or the only hostess. He started to walk us back to the hostess stand and I told him he didn't need to take us back and for him to please let the hostess know that we are waiting.  A few more minutes went by and a pretty redhead lady came by and said sorry for the wait.  I told her my name and she said Happy Anniversary.  That was a nice touch.  There was a young lady that showed up behind her, which I assumed was another hostess. They both were talking very low to each other so that I could not hear then the pretty redhead started whispering to the other hostess. I thought that was a bit unnecessary and rude to be whispering to each other when someone is standing right in front of them.  Not sure what they were talking about. The 1st hostess started to take us to our table and as we were walking around I was expecting something very different. The decor is not your traditional steakhouse. The dining room is very bright. We were sat in a corner but there was another couple sitting next to us and they looked mad that we sat down.  The tables were super close to each other.  My husband was sitting across the table and I was closer to the other guest than I was him, it was very awkward.  We did have a Happy Anniversary card that was sitting on the table when we sat down which was nice.  Glad I picked it up quick cause it had been on fire from the tea light candle.  I took our special bottle of wine out of my purse and places it on the table.  We sat there for a good 6 minutes before a server came to greet us.  The table next to us had been there for awhile and had water and menus.  During that time we again felt very awkward with this other table being so close. We looked around the dining room to see if there were any other possibilities of moving tables to be somewhat private. Didn't see one that would have worked.  Our server came and asked us what we wanted to drink then gave us menus. We showed him our bottle and the server said I am going to have to ask a manager.  I told him I called ahead and specifically asked and was told that I could bring it in.  The table next to us still was not approached by a server and they looked mad, not sure if it was the lack of service or the fact that we were extremely close to them.  They actually got up and left.  I was actually a bit relieved that they left, it was weird uncomfortable.  I still felt weird here cause of how bright it was and I knew we would have other people sat next to us.  The 1st hostess came and started to pour us water and she said that it was AZ State Law that they can't open our bottle.  I told her I specifically called and spoke to someone who said it was ok.  She asked for the name who I spoke to, I said I didn't remember and that it was a young lady.  Then she asked if I called the right place. Yes, I called the correct restaurant they answered the phone Bourbon Steak.  I then told her about the website No Corkage Fees.com and that's how I got their number.  We both decided that we would leave.  The pretty redhead, what we thought was a hostess said that she was the assistant manager and asked what was wrong.  We told her and she asked if we would like another table, we said no. We said the evening here isn't going well and we want to enjoy our anniversary.  She did offer to make reservations somewhere else and we said no. My review is on poor customer service and awkward seating arrangements.  The food may be wonderful but we will never know.  I also want to say that I am fine with not being able to bring our own bottle of wine if that is a AZ State Law, just don't tell me it is ok.
5	This is one of my favorite places to go. The wife and I like to spend every chance we get here. The atmosphere is amazing, dark and romantic. They bring you their duck fat fries and they are to die for. All the entrees and desserts we have gotten have been top notch. Highly recommended for special occasions.
5	Fabulous meal. We had a 5 course pre set dinner. The salmon was one of the best I have ever had. The filet was incredible with the perfect amount of spices. Definitely worth the experience. The staff was also extremely attentive to our group
5	Chef Curtiss and his staff created the most amazing birthday dinner for my wife. I called Bourbon Steak and asked them to create a tasting menu that would be good for a pregnant lady who was allergic to tree nuts and crab. I also asked that they create mock-tails for her to drink along with every course that we would have. Not only where we able to enjoy an insanely good meal my wife got to feel so very special on her day.I highly recommend Bourbon Steak.
3	Since this is the wine + steakhouse concept at the Fairmont Princess in Scottsdale, we expected a five star experience. This is that classic example of how a restaurant can have a perfect menu, great wine list, pleasing environment...but if the service/staff is unenthusiastic...it sort of falls off in a hurry. Now, in full disclosure...my dining partner on this eve is not the most user friendly guy - he'll tell staff how and when he wants to them to clear plates and that he does not care which app goes to whom and then changes his mind when he sees the app and then tells the server to change the plates - but a 'great' restaurant has staff that knows there are 'strong' personalities out there, and is able to roll with it. That is the reality of the hospitality business (despite my CORE belief that you should ALWAYS be nice to people at all times, but that is another topic entirely). The food...was fabulous. Hawaiian Big Eye Tuna, Hanger Steak, grilled shishito peppers, tuna tartar, fois grois...each was done to five-star standards. My wine was a great selection for a by the glass pour...a Hearst Paso Robles cab in a good year. Much appreciated!Just wish the staff were more in sync with pleasing people with the greater picture in mind...I got an overall vibe that guests were to be tolerated.
5	Enjoyed a lovely thanksgiving dinner here with my family. The service, top notch. The atmosphere is absolutely the standard for both design and comfort. The food, was right to boot. I ordered the Lobster Pot Pie, which was although a little confusing as a dish; absolutely delicious. The butternut squash soup prior made my taste buds sing. I had never been here before so it was a very smooth and pleasant first visit. After dinner, we took our wine and toured the christmas lights throughout the resort which just topped it all off nicely. The outdoor bar and fire-pits were a nice spot to relax after a nice walk too. Will definately be back for more!
1	My coworkers and I were attending a conference at the hotel and decided to try the steakhouse rather than the buffet provided to us. I was really looking forward to a great experience, however after spending $240 for my bill alone-yes just mine, the six of us racked up $800 plus, I was left very disappointed. My $59 bone-in rib eye steak was cooked improperly, over done, and as soon as my knife hit it I knew it was not tender as a marbled steak is supposed to be. I ordered medium rare and received a tasteless, poorly seasoned medium plus. After already sending my wine back for something more palatable I chose not to hold up the other diners and eat the steak. I also shared a $75 lobster pot pie that boasted 2 lbs. of lobster in the menu description. NOT! Ask for a scale if you order this! There was one small tail and two claws under the large, mostly empty and also tasteless pastry dough. This was the most expensive meal I have ever eaten, and the most disappointing. Save your money and go someplace else!
5	We made the last-minute decision to come here for Christmas dinner without a reservation (scary!) but we called ahead to make sure the lounge (first come first serve) was going to be open. We went in around 5:15 and there was only one other party in the lounge.The service was amazing, they were extremely accommodating of our toddler (the waiter even offered to bounce her while we ate) and the food was fantastic.They gave us free duck fat fries... they will change your life.We ordered from the dinner menu. My fiance and I split the wedge salad, I had the scallops, he had a steak and we both shared the broccolini and the truffle mac and cheese. Everything was SO good.My ONLY con is that the drinks were a little weaker than we would have liked but we will definitely be back to try the lounge menu. Perfect Christmas dinner!
1	Our family of 6 had New Years Eve 2015 dinner at this establishment.Our server Micheal was nothing short of spectacular.The meal fell quite a bit short.The lack of meal choices was disappointing to all.The real problem however, was after completing dinner, we were all enjoying our wine and conversation when the Manager came to our table, asked how our meal was, and then suggested we all proceed out to the New Years Eves party being thrown by the hotel.We told him we were still finishing our wine, and he then told us we could just finish our wine out at the party and became more forceful in his mannerisms, and made the comment we needed to move out to the party which was outside in 32 degree temps  raining, and nobody there with the exception of Josh the Bartender who took our family photo.This place is NOT worth the $250.00 per person cost for dinner by any stretch of the imagination.May I suggest if you are looking for an excellent steak house Dominicks in Scottsdale is a great place to visit with many choices for each individuals palate.
4	My husband and I enjoyed dining here on NYE and it was extremely delicious! This restaurant is situated inside the Princess and has a great atmosphere. It's lively and overlooks one of the pools. It's much more open and airy than other steakhouses. The service was excellent and we were treated to five star customer service from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. Once our waiter learned that I was expecting he made sure to only serve me food that was pregnancy approved as well! The only downfall of the night was when we arrived and learned that it was a required prix-fixe meal. We made our reservations several weeks in advance and when we did, they didn't mention the mandatory prix-fixe meal. They called us two days prior to our reservation to confirm and when we spoke with them they still didn't mention the prix-fixe. It wasn't until we were seated on NYE that the waiter placed the menu in front of us and we learned that we didn't have the option to simply order off the menu. This resulted in the meal being much more expensive then we planned and it also limited us from getting to enjoy the items on the menu we would have liked to (I was itching to try the Lobster pot pie). The meal ended up being spectacular and we enjoyed a several hour event with five courses of sublime food, but it would have still been nice to have been warned prior to the meal. However, because this was NYE and a special night out, we looked past the prix-fixe issues and thoroughly enjoyed our night! The meal was fun and delicious and we enjoyed the Princess NYE party after the meal which was free for guests and diners of the restaurant to attend. I would definitely recommend a visit to Bourbon Steak but if it's a holiday, confirm their menu with them first!
