4	Having been to the OG location in Manhattan's Meatpacking District, my expectations were going to be high!  I've been a fan of Scott ever since I've tried out some of his recipes from Bold Italio.  Whom I refer to as the anti Mario Batali.  Conant's sense of `new Italian' cooking is also different from Mario, who, with his love of ramps (a type of leek).  Scott sees himself as adapting the Italian concentration on local ingredients with those ingredients which are local to the farms. I started out with the Mussels and Asparagus Soup was hearty which a nice assortments of spring veggies. The polenta with a fricassee of truffled mushrooms was as usual excellent and the Grilled Bread and Goat Cheese Salad were also great starters.  The boneless Osso Busco with orzo pasta was phenomenal.  It was braised in a boldly flavored sauce.  The spaghetti with tomato and basil seems simple but delicious, a must-try!This restaurant is in a great spot with nice window views of the Bellagio Fountain ,  Hip and Happening for a Upscale Trattoria and based on how packed it  has hit the ground running on the Strip.
5	Scarpetta is at the newly opened Cosmopolitan Hotel in Las Vegas and we dropped by on a whim and are glad we did.  This turned out to be a sensational dining experience.  Every single morsel of food that passed our lips was a taste sensation.  We started out with the seared sea scallops, the chestnut soup and the beet salad.  Each was out of this world delicious!  Our entrees consisted of the black cod which was buttery and perfect, the Sicilian spiced duck breast which was tender and tasty and the duck and foie gras ravioli which was creamy and sensational.  We ended our dinner with two desserts and I would highly recommend the Coconut Panna Cotta Guava Soup with Carmelized Pineapple.  Double-yum!  Service was outstanding and although we did not have have a table with a view overlooking the Las Vegas Strip, we enjoyed our comfortable booth with room enough on the table for all the dishes we ordered. I would DEFINITELY want to return to this restaurant again and would highly recommend it to everyone.
4	So much potential here, the experience was really 3 star but I'm optimistic.Great layout with large S-curved bank seating and a nice north facing view of the Bellagio fountain. Service is great but the kitchen timing needs work. Food came out a bit slow and a bit cold which is normally a big time no-no but they are new and working out the kinks.Food is delicious, apps of short ribs and polenta truffles with mushrooms make for a great start. Polenta was creamy and truffle accents were spot on. Pastas are house-made and cooked just al-dente. Easy to do but somehow few places get it right. The spaghetti with creamy tomato and basil, just perfect, a great representation of Italian food in its simplistic goodness. Black cod done well, cooked nicely. Duck and foie gras ravioli was a bit salty and cold and the agnolotti seemed too one dimensional. Both were slightly warm and would have been better paired with a side. Plates seemed a bit bare.Desserts-  very creative. Napoleon-  deconstructed creme brulee with blood oranges, sweet and creamy, amazing combination. Nutella warm molten chocolate bites with hazelnuts were also deliciously comforting. Overall, given the lack of decent Italian eateries with value on the Strip, it's worth a visit. Once they get the timing down, the kitchen and the service make this a sure-bet for a quality meal.
5	In Las Vegas for a long weekend just a few days after the grand opening, i ended up at Scarpetta for a late dinner seating. The concierge at the Cosmopolitan hotel was about as nice and as accommodating as you could hope to have and she hooked me and my smoking hot date up. The place looks amazing and i dont now who they thought we were but we got the million dollar table. It must have been that new Calvin Klein dress i was wearing that made them think i was deserving of a table that overlooked the Bellagio fountains. I even asked my hot date if he tipped for that table, he swore he didn't. Whatever I'm not one to look a gift horse in the mouth i just enjoyed the amazing beautiful view and got ready to eat. The service... Impeccable. Charming on the ball waiter with not too much sass but just enough chit chat. The food was prompt and delicious. I had the creamy truffle polenta and  super yummy black macaroni with lobster and Mr handsome across the table from me had the goat which was really good too. I know because even though i dont eat goat cuz i think its gross, he made me taste it and it was.. well, really good. And that's from a goat hater! The wine list is deep but not over complicated, even a wine Jr leauger like myself could find my way around it.It was a real romantic fairytale night out, exactly what you think fine dinning should be. It was fancy with out being stuck up, tasty with out being weird. Scarpetta LV is a real winner.
5	Amazing experience!! Started with a couple cocktails at the very hip/swanky bar. Was led to our table by a stunning hostess. We overlooked the Bellagio fountains, by far one of the best veiws in Vegas. We took our seats and were greeted by a very friendly server who offered great suggestions and answered all of our food questions.  We looked thru the wine list and decided to ask for a somm to guide us. A smartly dressed younger gentleman came to our table and convinced us to try something new and interesting. It was a little more then I usually spend but decided to trust him. I have to say he really nailed it! Amazing wine, we wound up buying another bottle half way thru our meal!Speaking of the meal....spectacular!! Perfectly cooked pasta, my duck was incredible. The service through out was impressive to say the least. The best I've had in Vegas in quite a long time. We will be back again for sure!
2	What a disappointment. Food was overpriced for the portion size, not cooked properly (pasta undercooked and lobster over seasoned), and just lacked any creativity. Service was non existent. It took 15 minutes to get a soda and 20 to get bread. Try something else in cosmopolitan before this place.
3	One of the most over priced Italian restaurants I've experienced. The portions were miniscule while the prices were stratospheric. The quality was so-so. My raviolis were so dry they were hard to swallow. The gingerbread desert was unremarkable for $11. Pasta dishes were in the $20-30. Better make sure there is a McDonald's in the area to hit after this dinner!!!!
4	Easily made reservations via OpenTable earlier in the day for a prime time on Friday night.When my date and I arrived, we were quickly seated and they checked our coats for us. They have a very respectable wine selection and presentation of their stock. The acoustics were very good; even sitting at an table near the middle, we were able to converse with regular voices. Service was quick and very polite. I ordered the roasted duck and was very pleased with the dish. My date ordered the cod filet and wasn't so thrilled, but loved the squash soup appetizer.For dessert we shared the chocolate cake with almond gelato and it was amazing.I will definitely return to this hotel and restaurant in the future.
5	Thomas Keller needs to eat here.Why?When Keller was contemplating opening a restaurant in Vegas, he refused to consider putting up a branch of The French Laundry there because, in his opinion, Vegas was too informal and boisterous for an experience which intended to be intensely focused and all-encompassing.Scarpetta, however, proves that this idea is outdated.This is a restaurant, located right in the center of the action on the Las Vegas strip which, despite the non-ending commotion, offers an experience in which the diner is able to enjoy the entirety of a meal without nary a distraction.Las Vegas, instead of detracting from the experience of a fine meal, is now enhancing it.
5	Review for the spaghetti only.  Yes, this is the best spaghetti you will ever eat.
5	Had a delicious tasting menu Sunday night - pre Valentine's.Best seat in the house next to the window overlooking Bellagio fountains - terrific, attentive service.  Delicious food - the executive chef, Dan Rossi worked with Alex for 14 years...therefore, good technique, now cooking Italian very nicely.Vita Shanley's desserts are delicious.  naturally....Masterful front of house....  plus Antonello's back in town.  Great team of some of my most favorite professionals in a spectacularly lovely location making great food....  Any questions?
5	I love Scarpetta :)The spaghetti there is delicious. I ran into Scott Conant at the South Beach Food & Wine Festival and he insisted I try out his restaurant. I'm glad I did. When I lived in Miami I frequented the Scarpetta in the Fontainebleau. The bars in the Miami Scarpetta v the Vegas Scarpetta are very similar. I like the layout of the Vegas Scarpetta better but the views of the two restaurants are the same. Miami overlooks the Fontainebleau pool area and water and Vegas overlooks the Bellagio fountains. The most recent visit to the Vegas Scarpetta was my favorite. One of the specials that night was a black truffle pasta. AMAZING. It was so delicious and filling, total comfort food. Granted it was a $60 (small, probably nutrionally not good for my figure) bowl of pasta but worth every penny (and bite).Of course service was spot on and the house Riesling was great.
5	I had heard about Scarpetta multiple times on Travel Channel (Anthony Bourdain) and Food Network (Best Thing I ever Ate).  Scott Conant is also a celebrity chef that is on some Food Network shows.  I happened to be at a conference at the Cosmopolitan (my new favorite hotel in Vegas, BTW), and I figured I might as well stop by and try out the food at Scarpetta.The inside of the restaurant has a good view of the faux lake at the Bellagio.  Big windows and a nice decor are the first thing you notice.  The food is what we were really there for, so I was excited about that.  For appetizer, we ordered duck and foie gras ravioli's with a wine reduction sauce.  This was just amazing....heavy and rich, but it is foie gras, so you should expect that.  Since it was a regular menu item and not an appetizer, they split it in half for my co-worker and I.Upon receiving the raviolis, our server (who was very good....attentive and knowledgable) brought over a basket of 3 breads.  One was ciabatta, one was a focaccia (or something similar) with pork (prosciutto, maybe?) and cheese rolled into it.  I can't remember the third bread, but it was also good.Next up was the main meal.  I ordered the spaghetti (with tomato and basil), and my co-worker ordered the branzino.  The spaghetti is what I had seen featured multiple times on TV, and I am always a skeptic.  I didn't think it could possibly be the best spaghetti I had ever had, but I was wrong.  This spaghetti was the absolute best I have ever had.  There was so much flavor concentrated on FRESH pasta.  Every bite was heaven, and for $24, I would order it again for sure.  Vegas (and NY) are both expensive for nice restaurants, so the price tag is high compared to your local favorite Italian place, but the pasta just isn't the same.My co-workers branzino was also excellent.  Served with some greens and onion, it was cooked perfectly (crispy skin), and the flavor was very fresh.  I can't say enough about this restaurant.  I highly recommend anyone going to the Cosmopolitan check this place out.  Definitely one of my better dining experiences for Italian food.
5	Wine & appetizers at bar. Very good wine list with knowledgable bartenders (because I dont know my Italian wines). Yummy apps. Can't wait to come back & dine in main room with its gorgeous strip views. Scott, I love u.
5	Wow. This place is pretty expensive, but it is worth every penny. The service was spot on. Everything you would expect where you'll spend about $100+ per person on dinner. Portions are small (well actually portions are normal size, they just seem small compared to most other places that try to impress you with mediocre food by giving you a lot).  For starters we had scallops - very good, cooked perfectly.  Seared perfectly for a nice crunch, and tender on the inside. And we had the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms. Wow, the polenta was full of flavor, and the truffled mushrooms were amazing. One of the best things I have ever ate. We also had a pasta course (cannot remember what it was called), but it was almost like a ravioli and was stuffed with a meat puree of chicken and veal. The texture was super creamy, like a pate. This pasta was amazing.We also had the duck and foie gras ravioli. Even more amazing than the previous pasta. Tender pasta, the sauce was perfect, and the duck and foie gras was in a perfect balance. For our main course we had 2 orders of veal loins wrapped in pancetta and served with sweetbreads and roasted vegetables. Let's just say there was nothing left on my plate. Next we had dessert.  Tiney doughnuts (zepolle) filled with nutella and served with cream anglaise. I was so full, but managed to eat every one. We also had the cheesecake. Which was very very good. This place will not disappoint. But you will spend some money. Our bill was 300 after tip, an we did not have any alcohol. Add a bottle of wine and it would have been about a 400 meal.  But no regrets. I'd go back as often as I could afford to.
4	My friends and I were seated with a view of the Bellagio fountains and it was great! Service was good. The 4 different types of bread were really good. I had to stop myself or I wouldn't have room to eat my main course. I had the duck and foie gras ravioli. The pasta was cooked perfect and the filling was rich but a little too salty for me. The wine reduction added a good balance to the pasta.But the star is definitely the spaghetti. It had an amazing flavor with a slight bite that goes very well with the perfectly cooked pasta. The Amedei chocolate cake was delicious! It was a perfect balance of richness and decadence for a chocolate cake. My biggest disappointment was the soda drinks. I asked if they had other soda options besides fountain like Gus and Dry sodas but Scarpetta doesn't. I asked for a Ginger Ale. Without notification and with my assumption that fountain drinks are unlimited refills, I had 4 tiny glasses of mostly ice and maybe 4 oz of soda. My soda bill was $16. I had the waiter removed the extra charges.Overall, it was a great restaurant with good food, service, and view. I'll try it again but look at other drink options.
4	La pasta perfetto!Sometimes the simplest things can be magical when executed perfectly.  This is the case with Scarpetta, Scott Conant's debut into the Las Vegas restaurant scene.  The decor is understated and classy, in shades of black, white and gray.  A knowledgable and unpretentious waitstaff makes the experience all that much better, as they walk you through the menu.  A few tables along the wall rest next to big windows which overlook the neon shimmer of the strip below.  If you're coming here with a small group, definitley request one of these tables.  Adesso, il Cibo  (Now, the food)Yellowtail Carpaccio -  Four paper-thin slices of yellowtail treated with fine olive oil and a bit of garlic.  High quality fish and a gentle hand made this appetizer balanced and elegant.Waygu Beef Tartare - Diced  Waygu beef treated in a similar fashion to the yellowtail, but with a more pronounced garlic note at the end.  Very straightforward and satisfying.Spaghetti Marinara - As many have said, this is the best spaghetti you will ever eat.  The housemade Al Dente spaghetti is toothsome and tender.  Somehow, the chefs here are able to pull the purest essence of tomato and basil out in this dish.  The simultaneous subtley and complexity of the flavor profile here is truly incredible.  I've spent a lot of time in Italy, and honestly cannot think of a spaghetti that holds a candle to this masterpiece.  A must order!Black Mac n' Lobster - I believe the black color of the noodles comes from squid ink, but I could be mistaken.  Very nice flavors of lobster and the sea.  The texture was quite similar to the spaghetti, which I found to be redundant, but that was an error in my ordering, and nothing to do with the execution of the dish.  Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli w/ Marsala Reduction - The food that kings eat!  The ravioli was immaculate, formed with care and the love you'd expect from a homemade Italian meal.  I found the combination of duck, foie gras, and the marsala reduction to be a bit too heavy.  I could see people raving about this dish, but for me it was just too much of a good thing.Branzino - Gentle white fish with a lightly crisped skin and honest flavors.  One of the best cooked fish plates I can remember having.Dry Aged Filet - The pink/gray color of this steak is visually contradictory to what you might find at a fine steak house, but that is due to the dry aging process.  It was tender, flavorful, and neat.Yes the bread is incredible as well, but let's not fill up on bread.  Scarpetta is a great date spot if you're looking to splurge.  Do not leave without ordering the spaghetti, its the type of dish you'll tell your grandkids about.
5	How do I describe the love? Love, Love, LOVE! I have previously dined at Scarpetta in New York, and was ecstatic to check ou the new space at The Cosmopolitan in Las Vegas. Our server, was hands down one of the best in the business. Full of passion and enthusiasm for his food, we were truly excited for our dishes. Being that we had a party of 5, he removed our menu's from our hands and told us that the chef would be preparing something fantastic for us. We ended up with small plates of 4 courses: starting with appetizers, pasta (duck fois gras ravioli, linguini with black truffle, their famed spagetti); a branzino and meat affair for the 3rd course (Sicilian spiced duck breast, and seared scallops...plus many more items (I believe it was 5 plates for each course) for party to share, which was fantastic! Hands down, best Italian meal that I've had in years. I will be back very soon. Ciao!
5	Is it bad if you go to a restaurant in Vegas that you've been to elsewhere? I don't care. My sister and I went here for an incredible dinner. The service was fantastic. We were seated next to the window so we got to watch the fountains the entire night (contrary to what you might expect I did not get bored watching them over and over again). We started with the polenta w/mushrooms because I love it, the yellowtail, which was delicious and super fresh, and the scallops which were awesome. My sister had the infamous spaghetti which she loved (and I did too). My dish was out of control - it is called the black macaroni and if I could eat it all the time I would. It is squid ink pasta (not macaroni) with lobster and BASIL BREAD CRUMBS. I cannot describe how perfect this dish is - or how obsessed I now am with basil bread crumbs. Truly amazing. We got the zeppole for dessert. *Love* - truly excellent and wonderful - I wasn't expecting this level of awesome. I need to go to the one in nyc now so I can have the trifecta.
4	First off, I would have to say Scarpetta's service is impeccable.  If we could just rate our waiter alone, we would give him a 5 star rating!  He was knowledgeable, friendly, and humble.  I have seen far too many waiters in Vegas who don't care, or are extremely snooty because my husband and I look young even though we're not.  As for the food, we order the scallops as the appetizer, and the duck and foie gras ravioli and the spaghetti as our entree.  For the scallops-I feel that it was good-but I have had better.  The duck and foie gras ravioli is their stand out dish!!  The wine reduction and marsala sauce on top of the ravioli made it so delicious.  The actual ravioli themselves are shaped like triangles.  I can tell there that is this delicacy to the outside when they were making it.  The duck and foie gras inside is very unique, and not like anything my husband and I have tasted before.  This dish deserves a 5 star.  Finally, for the spaghetti.  I was extremely excited to try this dish because I read all these reviews on yelp explaining that it was amazing.  However, we were a little disappointed maybe because we were expecting so much.  Don't get me wrong-the pasta is still good.  However, it's not the amazing that it was made out to be.Overall, if I could give Scarpetta a 4 1/2 stars, I would.  My husband and I will definitely be back if when we go back to Vegas.
5	Scarpetta serves the best bread basket I have ever seen. And I don't say that lightly.I would've been happy with either the fluffy dinner rolls, the buttery, toasted focaccia, or the simple, crusty Italian bread on their own. And any one of the citrus-infused olive oil, the eggplant caponata or the marscopone butter accompaniments would have been not only generous, but irresistibly delicious.Surprisingly, Scarpetta lays every one of these items in front of you in a sumptuous, complimentary carby feast, along with the absolute kicker: STROMBOLI. That's meaty, cheesey bread, people; it's a meal in itself, and a damn good one. I knew I shouldn't, but I couldn't help but stuff my face with the free delights. And although I was already full when they arrived, I forced myself to choke down the simple, perfect spaghetti, as well as a beautifully rare aged sirloin in a Barolo reduction.I might not have any friends and/or social skills, and later that evening, I may or may not have lost my pants* downstairs playing craps...but eating this flawless meal means I'm a winner anyway.__________*I think The Bellagio is now in possession of my shirt. Now I've got nothing.
3	Exceptional service and a fab decor. The food.....yummy but I'm not rushing back. With all the amazing restaurants here there are others I'd rather go back to. The spaghetti with marinara sauce is what the chef is known for....now that I'd have a second helping of. All the rest was really good but not memorable since I can't even recall exactly what it was.
4	calamari.. MUST HAVE THE calamaritook one star off cuz one of my firneds order was mad late
4	This review is based on a dinner visit.Atmosphere - 4.5:  From the entrance it's a little difficult to get a sense of the restaurant because you can only see the long bar which you must walk through to get to the main seating area of the restaurant.  I initially thought it was an extension of the DOCG Enoteca, which is next door.  Once you reach the main seating area you will find a nicely decorated dining room that features views of the Bellagio fountains in one direction, and their extensive wine cellar in the opposite direction.Menu - 4.5:  Great menu with very creative options.  The portions are small and the staff is really good about helping ensure you get the right amount of food.  Of course, as with many fine dining experiences you will pay for it if you are a big eater.Service - 3:  The service was mixed.  The sommelier was fantastic; he really knew the vast wine collection and helped us find something that paired well with our group's diverse menu choices.  Our waiter, while very friendly, was just way too slow.  It took too long for everything from taking our order to getting our food.   Food delivery timing was off as one member of our group ended up watching everyone else eat while he waited.  I will say that it didn't appear that the other people in the restaurant were having the same experience.  I really think that our experience was out of the norm for some reason.  While I can't in good conscience rate the service experience any higher than 3, I would note that in my experience an establishment with a reputation for good service will usually do things to make amends when they don't deliver.  The restaurant recognized that things had not gone well for our table and took a few items off of our bill to compensate.Food - 5:  The food was fantastic.  Especially liked the creamy truffle polenta.   Wine List - 5:  The 3,000+ bottle cellar offered plenty of choices.  The sommelier was very knowledgeable, friendly, and didn't make me feel like an idiot.  Overall - 4
5	I have to say I indulged in almost every meal in my 4 day stay in Vegas, but this was by far the best. The most decadent, delicious, and just memorable. At the tables in Cosmo friday afternoon we were pondering where to have a late dinner before hitting the clubs. The player to my left said Scarpetta had an amazing, but simple spaghetti dish that was to die for. Keeping our fingers crossed, we wandered upstairs around 6:30 and were able to secure a 9:30 reservation and requested a tiny 2 person table in the corner with a great window view. Even though we were running about 15 minutes late, they were gracious enough to hold the table for us. Upon arrival, we didn't even have to give our name and check in, the host immediately remembered us from 3 hours earlier and sat us promptly at the requested table. The view of the Bellagio and the water show was fantastic! The only issue I had was that we were not given a menu or even a wine list for at least 10-15 minutes after we were seated. Normally this wouldn't be a problem I presume, but it was 9:30 and we were pretty much starving at this point. After we were presented with menus though, the bread basket pretty much had our full attention for a good while. The selection of bread and spreads was DELICIOUS. We literally ate almost all of it...the focaccia was incredible. I ordered a gin and tonic, and my friend a glass of moscato. They were both delicious with our meals. We shared the beef carpaccio appetizer, and it was absolutely delicious--just the perfect amount for 2 people to share since we weren't looking to eat a heavy meal, but wanted to try a starter. We shared 2 pasta dishes--the spaghetti everyone raves about and the duck and foie gras ravioli. Personally I absolutely savored the ravioli--i love foie gras and duck, so it was perfect. The Spaghetti my friend liked more--it was simple, but good. Definitely coming back here on my next trip to Vegas in May!
4	Ate there in March for a birthday celebration and was NOT disappointed.  This place is great and highly recommended.The ambience is great. You do walk through a rather long narrow bar area, but when you get to the main dining area, you will be impressed. Great views of the strip.  We were seated in a very private booth with floor to ceiling "booth" - it was intimate and allowed the 6 of us to really talk.  The service - attentive.  Not overbearing, not pushing (i..e we weren't that hungry and didn't order apps).  The breadbasket - yummy!!!!! Several tried the black cod - delicous!! I had the duck - it was wonderful and cooked just right.  Portions are on the smaller side, so if you are hungry make certain you order an appetizer.  The entrees were mostly in the $30 range, though some a bit cheaper.They brought a lovely molten chocolate lava cake thing for the birthday boy, which was really tasty.The wine list is huge! Not cheap, but some good selections.Overall - certainly a place I would return.
4	So, I was in Vegas for a fab Race/Scavenger Hunt event, and met up with friends the night before the event at Scarpetta for what I hoped would be an excellent meal.  It did not disappoint.There were some nice-sounding appetizers on the menu, but we bypassed those in favor of ordering the day's pasta special as our starter.  it was linguini with truffle, and it was perfect.  Possibly the best pasta I've ever eaten.  Seriously, I wish I'd ordered that again as my meal.  And then maybe again as dessert.Table faves included the aged sirloin, the orata rossa, the scallops and the sunchokes.  The roasted baby carrots were also pretty great.  The spaghetti was fine, but, honestly, after that starter, it just couldn't compete.  The gingerbread-pear crisp was the fave dessert, though all were good.The fave wine of the night was the super tuscan, though it was crazy with sediment (something I'm surprised they didn't notice before serving it).
4	Great view, good food, we had family style, and we were a bit hurried, but the service was great, and the food was good, Im not sure I gave it a full run through, as we were headed out for the night, the service was good, its small and can feel a little crowded, but overall, id try it again.   I did NOT dig the Cosmopolitan Hotel, we went to my friends suite, and it was unimpressive, and the night club scene was for a bunch of wannabee 23 yr olds.
5	This is my first ever check-in on Yelp! I had a great dining experience at Scarpetta. The food was beyond delicious. The service was terrific and the view was breathtaking. We sat right next to the window so we got to watch the Bellagio water ballet as we munched on our perfectly cooked pasta and veal medallions. We ordered the braised short ribs with farro and the tuna rolls as our starters. The tuna rolls were not impressive but the quality of the tuna was great. The braised short ribs with farro was so good I could've eaten bowls and bowls of it. The beef was flavorful and tender and the farro was cooked to perfection. I wish we ordered another plate of the short ribs because I loved it. I ordered the famous spaghetti and it was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had. The pasta was so fresh, soft and chewy. It was simple but done perfectly. My friends ordered the tortellini with duck and foie gras, veal medallions and fresh pasta sheets with lobster, garlic and pistachios. Everything was delicious. For dessert, we ordered the napoleon with creme brulee and blood orange sorbet. Our server was attentive and not pushy. He also had a great sense of humor.  It was a great experience over and I would recommend you stop by this place when you're in Vegas.
4	I been to the Scarpetta in Beverly Hills, was a bit disappointed in the food there but decided to give this one a try.GOOD CHOICE! I loved the venue, on the 3rd floor of the Cosmo, mid dark light very elegant, though it is a bit more crowded due to the small space, but the bar area is very cute.We got 4 diff appetizers, beet salad, pork belly, scallops and Beef I liked them allThen 4 entrees: black cod, foie gras ravioli, diff meats ravioli and i forgot the last one! but again it was delicious, the black cod melts in your mouth!Different we got an apple pie sort with ice cream and raspberries.Def coming out here again next time  invegas. Cosmo is just beautiful and elegant hotel very modern, but trying STK next time
4	Tried the Scarpetta in NYC and it was an easy 5stars. The Vegas version has a great location in the Cosmo, but the food and service didn't quite knock my socks off like the genuine article. Try the fritto misto and spaghetti with tomato and basil for a great taste of Italy, but if you want to experience what Scarpetta can really deliver you have to go to NYC!! Definitely worth a shot if you're rich and hungry for Italian lol..
2	5 stars for the food 0 for the service!!!!  (and if there was anything below 0, that would be it!) I saw the famous Scarpetta spaghetti on Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" and since that episode, I have been obsessed with going to Scarpetta. So excited that one opened up in Beverly Hills last October! However, I've been too busy to make the drive out there. I was in Vegas for 1 night on April 1st and while wandering around The Cosmpolitan Hotel, saw Scarpetta! Super excited! Made reservations for 8PM. Arrived on time and was seated promptly. Then waited, waited and waited! Really, 10 minutes before our waitress even came by our table (and empty seats all around us at this time)! Mind you, we had a 10PM show so I kept looking at the time... She took our drink order then returned 15 minutes later with our drinks!!! So almost 8:30 and have not even placed our order. She says she'll be "right back" and another 10 minutes.... Ahh, if it weren't for that spaghetti, we would have walked out! So 35 minutes after we arrived, she takes our order. Spaghetti for me and braised short ribs of beef for my husband. OMG.. our food arrived at out table at 9:30! Ate fast (because we had tickets to a show at 10). BTW, the food was amazing!!!! Had to ask another waiter to find our waitress so we can get the check. She came back to our table at 9:50 (without the check of course) and I explained again we had a 10PM show (which we ended up being late for) and needed to get out of there! So the food was as good as I thought it woud be but the service (or lack of) ruined my first Scarpetta experience :(
5	scarpetta is located on the 3rd floor of the cosmopolitan hotel.  you can either take the escalator or the elevators up.  if you do take the escalator to the 2nd floor, the escalator to the 3rd floor is around the corner not immediately next to it.  they have a bar area if you can't get a reservation.  they dim the lights.  the setting is nice and elegant.  the wine cellar is a whole wall of the restaurant.  we sat next to the wine cellar wall.  if you sit next to the window, you can get a view of the bellagio water fountain. the complimentary bread basket was extraordinary.  it consisted of ciabiatta, foccacia, homemade stromboli w/salami + smoked mozarella,  the stromboli was warm and reminded me of pizza. =)  it came with condiments of citrus infused olive oil, eggplant tapenade, and a mascapone butter.  usually when the wine list is that extensive, we ask the waiter for recommendations.  he asks questions like would you like red or white...light, mildly bold, or bold.  we chose bold...which was the chianti...and sure enough it was very bold in flavor.  it comes in a glass flask.  this is to let the wine breathe before serving.  then they pour the flask into your glass.  they make sure that the wine arrives at the optimal temperature.  our first appetizer arrived...the braised short ribs comes on a bed of risotto with shavings of parmesan cheese on top.  since they knew we were sharing, they split the portion so that we had our own pretty half of braised short ribs.  if they hadn't done that we may have fought over it.  deep flavors, tender ribs, and perfectly cooked risotto tickled our palates.  we enjoyed it so much that we asked the waiter for another menu to try more appetizers. we ordered the tuna scusi (which was recommended by the waiter) and the sea scallops.  the waiter came back to inform us that our entrees were already fired up...if we would want the rest of the appetizer to arrive before the entrees...or if it was okay that the entrees arrived and then to have the newly ordered appetizers..  we told him that whatever was done first was fine.  but that shows that they take enough care in serving their food to notify us.the sea scallops were equally savory.  it was seared to perfection with several different types of mushrooms.  there was also a sunchoke sauce on the plate that tasted like a deep cream of mushroom sauce (but its different...but the closest flavor that i can think of..).the tuna scusi was not as impressive, not because it was not a good appetizer.  it was like sushi...vegetables inside with thinly sliced tuna instead of seaweed wrapping the vegetables.  it wasn't bad but it just didn't have the wow factor of the previous two appetizers. now on to the entrees...first we had the duck and foie gras ravioli.  adorable little triangular pillows of ravioli drizzled with a brown sauce.  do not be deceived with the small ravioli, these packed a punch of flavor.  hubby said that this dish worth coming for.  course he also laughed saying that there was a scarpetta location in beverly hills.  pasta bliss!we also had the spaghetti with tomato and basil.  i read about this spaghetti so i had to try it for myself.  why was this spaghetti better than most spaghetti??  well, my answer came when i took the first bite, the spaghetti tasted like chinese hand pulled noodles!!! no one else has said that...but the spaghetti really did taste like chinese hand pulled noodles.  if you are familiar with it, you would know that the noodle is chewy and must be cooked al dente (example: like jia jiang mein).  it's chinese hand pulled noodle with an italian flavoring.  now you know. *wink*there was no room for dessert.  the waiter commented that we did well since we devoured everything...two bread baskets w/condiments, three appetizers, and two entrees.  each dish had great presentation.  we stared at each plate for a couple seconds since it was "too pretty to eat"...before taking the first bite. oh, this meal was worth it.  the bill arrived and was less than we expected also.food -- 5 starspresentation -- 5 starsservice -- 5 stars
3	last stop on the "cosmo food crawl " Starting to feel the effects of the crawl but we gotta make a final stop for the restaurant that allegedly makes some of the best pasta in the U.S. Again, sat in the lounge area of the restaurant. While waiting for the table, i tried a few of the chips that are complementary at the bar - very good ! had fried basil blended in with some bite to them - not sure if it was red pepper or not. While we were virtually ignored at Comme Ca, Scarpetta was the other end of the spectrum ( an not in a good way ) - our server was nice but man, way to pushy on trying to up sell, especially the drinks. Went with lighter wine this time - name escapes me but it was a $10 glass - nice. We also opted for some sparkling water - $9. Ordered the spaghetti ( $24 ) , the creamy polenta with fricasse mushrooms ( $16 ) and the branzino ( sis wanted the cod but the server almost insisted that the branzino was the way to go - she relented - $26 ) The spaghetti was a joy - might be tad bit too strong in basil , but it worked for me. What surprised us was a little heat to the sauce - the server was also a little surprised to hear this ... to the point i don't think she believed us. The polenta was extremely rich but dang good. the fricasse was better here than the mushrooms we had at comme ca and helped cut through some of the richness of the polenta. The branzino was perfectly cooked, simple seasoning but great taste. nice. We went with the amedei Chocolate cake ( basically a molton lava cake $11) with a toasted almond gelato and a salted caramel sauce ( the reason why we got it - $3) and then a separate scoop of tangerine sorbet. I tell ya, that tangerine was a heck of finish to our food fest - so frickin refreshing - I will go back for that every time i'm in the building !!
5	Very romantic!!! Food was very good.....love the assorted bread baskets....you could see the Bellagio water show!!!  Pasta was delicious!!!!  you must have those donut holes filled with nutella!!!! Omg that was heaven!!
4	Good food at high prices.  That's ok by me.Have to give a big thumbs up to our server.  Not enough of a thumbs up to remember his name, unfortunately.  Looks like the Asian guy in the last Rambo movie.  Think he's on The Mentalist or one of those types of shows.  He gave it to his straight ie. this dish is no good and try this.  Always appreciated as long as you know what you're talking about.Duck and foie gras ravioli - Despite being a foodie I am not big on the foie.  But this was a nice, rich, delicate dish.  A bit overpowering on the foie if you ask me but maybe I'm sensitive to that flavor.Scallops - friends thought it was great.  I don't like scallops.Steak tartare - pretty darn good.  Believe it was a Kobe beef tartare.  Nice beefy flavor (durrrr) though the accompaniments could have been better.  No toast points, no creamy sauce, no capers, eggs, etc.  Seemed a tad plain.Spiced duck breast - waiter warned me against this as he thought it has too much cumin.  The cumin smell was indeed higher than even Master Yoda's midiclorian count but it's fate was not clouded by cumin taste.  The taste was strong with this one and more powerful than the waiter could ever imagine.  If anything, the cumin scent gave the dish focus, made it stronger.  (yes I like Star Wars)Big thumbs up to the bread basket.  There was one with salami or some sort of cured meat with it.  Yummy.  Not sure the marscapone butter was any better than normal butter but it was goody goody.
5	The BEST dining experience ever! Scott Conant's sophisticated yet soulful dishes were nothing short of decadent. Started off with the short ribs; then the duck and foie gras ravioli (our favorite--so good!); I had the spiced duck breast, and my hubby had the halibut. Halibut was delicious! My duck had a little too much star anise in the rub. Ended with the napoleon, so yummy, I cleaned the plate. We sat right next to a window and had a great view of the Bellagio water show. Had a wonderful time!And the service was impeccable! The staff was very professional and friendly. According to our receipt our waiter was Asato. Great guy. Next time I hope to catch Chef Scott there!
5	I cheated: I sampled a few of the Scarpetta dishes at the media opening of the Cosmo. So I knew their pasta was ace. But I wanted a full plate, and I finally got to indulge when some friends from out of town wanted to chow somewhere classy but fun, cool, not outrageously expensive, etc. Their spaghetti w/ tomato sauce accomplishes so much out of so little. Like Rao's, it's all about the ingredients. The pasta itself has such a consistency and texture that you want to chew each mouthful until it's too fine to chew anymore. I could have downed another plate (just not at $25).Oh: The tuna "roll" appetizer is delish, too.
5	I must admit, my expectations were somewhat low for Scarpetta, as I usually find the Las Vegas outposts of famous restaurants to be more about decor and overpriced menus, and less about food.  I was glad to be proven wrong.Although Scarpetta definitely delivers in the "Las Vegas Hip" decor, with a gorgeous dining room that has a glass-enclosed wine cellar on one wall, and floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the Bellagio fountains on the other, it also delivers on the food front.At the waiters recommendation, my group of three decided to share a Primi (app) and Pasta, and order our own entrees.  Before our first course came out, we were brought fresh bread basket which I can honestly say was the BEST bread I've ever had.  A mix of rosemary ciabatta, focaccia, and this to-die-for bread that had salami and mozzarella in it.  The accompaniments of Olive Oil, Eggplant spread, and Mascarpone Butter were equally satisfying.  Here is a by-dish review:Heirloom tomato salad w/ stracciatella, salsa verde & marinated eggplant:  This dish was good, if not a bit common.  It seems so many restaurants have an heirloom tomtato & burrata dish, that if you've had one, you've had them all - although I was happy to learn that stracciatella is an equally awesome burrata-style cheese.Creamy polenta w/ fricassee of truffled mushrooms: Hands down the best polenta anyone at our table had ever had.  It was so creamy and rich, and went great with the mushrooms which were served from a separate pot.Duck & Foie Gras ravioli w/ marsala reduction:  This dish was very well received by the two people in my party who'd never had foie gras.  I am a huge fan of foie, and found the dish to be lacking the richness that usually comes when it's served on it's own - but overall a great dish.Pancetta-wrapped Veal Loin w/ sweetbreads, peas & carrots: The veal loin was my favorite dish of the night.  I am used to having sweetbreads battered and fried, so it was interesting to have them in a more natural state - small chunks cooked and mixed in with the vegetables.Zeppole w/ nutella center, vanilla sauce & candied hazelnuts: WOW - we were blown away by how good this dessert was.  Little chocolate donut holes filled with nutella - YUM.I will say that their wine list leans towards the expensive side, with only a few bottles in the $60 - $70 range.  We ordered the Castello di Bossi Chianti Classcio Riserva Berardo, which was $105 (retails for $30) - a good wine, but a bit pricey.
2	A new Vegas restaurant that's not ready for the big time yet. I find owners and management of restaurants that originate in NYC tend to run their restaurants the same way here in Vegas and in general the wrong way here on the west coast. Management is rude and thus rubs off on their employees. Service is slow and we found ourselves asking for everything water, drinks, desert menu etc....small portions and ridiculously high prices. Food was luke warm and unseasoned. chocolate cake for desert was good. This place has a long way to go. Stay away and eat at one of the other 100 great restaurants Vegas has to offer.
5	One of the best dining experiences in Vegas to date.To start off I must say that our waiter, Matt, was amazing.  He was so knowlegeable, friendly, and answered all of our questions.  He really knew the menu well and could give reccomendations with amazing detail.  I loved the staff here.No joke, that bread basket with trio of citrus infused olive oil, eggplant spread and mascarpone butter...is to die for!  I could live off the stromboli filled with salami and smoked mozzarella.  So delicious.As a starter, I tried the Raw Yellowtail.  The presentation was simple and clean with four thin slices of yellowtail topped with olio di zenzero, microgreens and sea salt.  It was so simple but you could taste the freshness.For my next course, I ordered the Short Rib Agnolloti.  Perfection.  The brown butter and horseradish sauce was flavorful and had the right amount of kick to pull the dish together.  It was a very small portion but was perfect for a light dinner before going out.  My friends ordered the Spaghetti with Tomato and Basil, Black Tagliolini, and Orata Rossa.  They all enjoyed their meals and the experience at Scarpetta.Our amazing waiter Matt, surprised our table with a birthday plate of an assortment of Italian cookies which were an amazing finish to a great meal.Great ambiance, view of the Bellagio fountain, service, food...overall an amazing dinner!!
4	A fantastic restaurant. A very unique dining room with spectacular views of the Bellagio fountain. The design of the dining room is open and not your traditional tables lined up next to one another. The food is sensational. The portions are on the smaller side - but that was refreshing considering the ounces and ounces of steak i had during my Vegas trip. The pasts dishes are exquisite and the sashimi was perfect. The bar scene was non existent on the Saturday night i was there, but the dining room had a great pulse. I recommend a pre dinner drink at the many cool spots of the Cosmopolitan Hotel and then come enjoy a fantastic meal at Scarpetta.
5	wow this place was really good. As much as i love trying restaurants that they dont already have in LA (pretty new), id heard about Scarpetta when I was visiting NY so we decided to check it out. I had the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli which ws delicious! a real winner! They were so flavorful that even John (notorious for his 5 minute meals)  was forced to eat slowwwly.I also ordered the sea scallops- so juicy!  & the veal was alright, nothing to write home about.I wish i had known to request the table with the views of the fountain! We were sitting by the wall, but that was ok.I would definitely come back, this place is one of the better restaurants in lv at its price point.
4	Have I known that this place was known for its spaghetti then I would have gotten it. I just can't see paying $15-25 for spaghetti. But the atmosphere of this restaurant is hip & modern-like the hotel itself. Our waiter was super friendly and gave us great service as well as the bussers and host. I ordered the blackened cod and my BF ordered the veal, ick..I don't know what veal is supposed to taste like since I haven't had it before but I tasted it and didn't like it. But my blackened cod was really good and we ordered the seared yellow tail for an appe-teaser! OMG, it was the best I have ever tasted, I highly recommend this! It had a lemon nutty flavor that just melt in my mouth! So good!! And they give you bread before your meal, yummy, they had different varieties that you can choose from and trust me all of them are good! Definitely would go back but going to try the spaghetti next time..
4	Bravo to scarpetta for an excellent dinner this past weekend.  We were lucky enough to sit at the "chef's table" and we had a clear view of the kitchen at work.  We even heard the chef shout out orders like hell's kitchen: One risotto, two spaghettis; we had a party of 9 for a birthday and they treated us like kings.  The waiter Titus was an amazing help and made the meal excellent.  The food that was prepared was spot on! I had the world-renowned plate of goodness known as the spaghetti, but let me tell you this is not your typical pasta dish.  The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente and the infusion of fresh tomato and basil all concentrated into the smooth pasta was a burst of flavor in my mouth.  For my appetizer i had the polenta that "has been stewing in the kitchen prepared by grandma for three hours." It was amazing; the best polenta i have had topped off with a truffle sauce mixture with mushrooms.  For dessert, I recommend the panna cotta, like i say a great panna cotta's consistency should jiggle like a nice woman's bosom and this dish jiggled perfectly.  The melt in your mouth dessert with a hint of coconut was a perfect end to a grand evening.  GO here and try it over and over again because the spaghetti is addictive.
5	A fantastic dining experience. The staff was attentive an knowledgeable. The view was wonderful and included the Vegas skyline, plenty of greenery and the periodic excitement of the Bellagio fountain show. The food was memorable from the bread basket to dessert and everything in between. The spaghetti is as good as you've heard and the creme brulee napoleon was stunning.  More accessible and less intimidating menu than some of the other top tier restaurants in Las Vegas, but the food and service is every bit as good. Can't miss with Scarpetta, I will go back for seconds.
5	My dining experience here was out of this world. The interior of the restaurant was absolutely beautiful, with modern & elegant tables & lighting.  We started off with the wagyu beef tartare and the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms. The polenta was unbelievably creamy and luxurious!  Then my friends and I ordered the tagliatelle, duck & foie gras ravioli, short rib agnolotti, and colorado lamb loin done medium rare. Everything was delicious, especially the lamb. The best part of the night was surprisingly the stromboli that was part of the bread basket at the beginning of the meal - buttery, fluffy slices of bread that was stuffed with salami & cheese. I am going back just for that bread!
5	Cutting edge Italian food presented beautifully in the perfect contemporary setting of the Cosmo.  Scarpetta's food is about building and layering flavors from a few ingredients to produce a harmonious dish.For starters, raw is best.  The tuna "scusci" is excellent.  The tartness of the marinated veg pairs perfectly with the fish.  The raw yellowtail dish, with its pure simplicity brings out all the subtle sweetness of the fish.  Finally the wagyu tartare.  Wow, the use of the hazelnuts and Parmigianino cheese creates a totally unexpected flavor!  For pasta, its gotta be the duck and foie gras ravioli.  Other yelpers said they loved it.  It really is good.  The pasta is perfectly cooked and works well with the sweetness of the marsala reduction.Top mains include the branzino with pine nuts and green garlic gremolata that totally brings out the naturally nutty flavor of the fish and the pancetta wrapped veal loin, served with sweetbreads.  The flavors are very subtle and absolutely delicious.The wine list is very good with a nice balance of Italian wines (not just super Tuscans).  Vintage depth is OK.  Prices are in line with Vegas resorts.Service is very efficient.Overall prices are very good for a restaurant of this caliber.Recommended.
3	We had great seating next to the windows viewing the Bellagio fountains as requested.The food was much better presented and tasteful than other Italian restaurants I've visited in LV.The bread basket is delightful with the trio of accompaniments: marscapone butter, Eggplant in tomato ragu and citrus infused oil.  For appetizer we had the creamy polenta. Enough for one or two to share as it is extremely rich as a separate duo of perfectly creamed polenta and truffled mushrooms. If you haven't already gobbled up your breads, make useful tool to sweep up the last juices.Three of us got the black cod which is superbly moist and light with a crisp skin, but the vegetables (fennel/peppers) were a bit too sour to match with.  And the other three got the duck foie gras ravioli which was rich and poignant with flavor but not unpleasant. The balsamic glaze was apparent and not overwhelming. I would have finished the entire plate.  Why the three stars? LACK of consistent service :(I don't include the guy who kept our water glasses filled. But we were all (party of 6) sourly disappointed with the main waiter. He only presented himself to take our order and serve the appetizer.  Didn't even refilled our breads as asked.  Then with empty plates, we all sat there for 15 minutes watching our server chummy up with a table of 3 girls and another table drinking it up with ample wine bottles. An assistant manager in a suit, bless him, came over, asked how our dinner was, saw our plates and decided to clear our table himself and also bring us our check.Although we weren't completely dissatisfied with the whole dining experience, it's just unsettling when the server is MIA with you and present elsewhere. So, maybe next time. If there is a next time.
2	Very good location,(Can see well Bellagio water show from window side) And good staff, Good service. Wine also good.But a meal is not for me, not well bread. Most food feel taste oily,Take wife or girl friend and just eat appetizer and drink wine, Thats it.I will never come back here.
4	Had the spaghetti, and it was delicious. Definitely better than spaghetti I've had elsewhere, but not the best (The best was at Marea in NY). Like another person said, the consistency of the noodles was exactly like Chinese hand-pulled noodles I had growing up. The sauce was incredible. Had a bit of fire, although most people would not notice unless they were looking.
2	My GF and I ate there on Easter for dinner.  When we arrived at like 5:15pm the place was virtually empty and there was more waitstaff and other workers than diners.  We were promptly seated by the hostess but st ther for like 10 minutes plus without anyone waiting on us.  Finally I got so frustrated I got up to leave and I told the waiter that was servicing the table next to me that I had had it and was leaving and he promptly apologized and said there must be a mix-up but that he would take care of me which he did....I think he threw in a free beer.  Anyway, the food was good...salad and pizza and the decor is nice.  I almost ever complain about service as I am very low maintenance but this lack of being initially waited on was very off-putting.
5	This place is simply fantastic, from the customer service to the food. Reserved a table for the Saturday night of memorial day weekend. We had a group of 7 guys and they put us in a private room that had a glass wall separating us from the kitchen, so we got to watch the chefs the entire night. We also had a spectacular view of the Bellagio fountain. The waiter was attentive, but not over-bearing and the sommelier's recommendation were very on spot. The food was fantastic. I highly recommend the wagyu tar-tar as an appetizer. Pasta and meats were all cooked perfectly. And for Vegas, the prices are very reasonable. A great experience all around. I highly recommend it.
3	I went here on a very specific mission: duck & foie gras ravioli. I barely even glanced at the menu - all I needed was confirmation that the ravioli was still there. And while it took awhile to get to the point where I got to finally eat the ravioli, it did not disappoint (an oh-so-divine 5 stars).When we arrived, we were promptly seated. However, we were actually seated more in the bar area than the actual restaurant area (which appeared to have a decent view). Where we were seated was ok, though. It was a curved booth that had a very private feel to it. But it was near impossible to take in and experience the ambiance where seated.Our server was nice and knowledgeable. I stated what I planned on eating and he was able to recommend a glass of wine to pair with it. However, when our food arrived, there was no ravioli. I had been delivered some other duck dish instead. Having to send it back and sit there while the others I was with completely finished their meals was quite awkward. And while the server who actually delivered the food apologized, our main server, who took our order, said nothing. The whole mix-up experience seemed very un-Vegas. No apologies, no "dessert is on us", no nothing. I honestly felt treated like I was the one who screwed up (despite being very clear on what I wanted - and it was my sole purpose in dining here - and having witnesses who can vouch to what I ordered).So despite the ravioli being a home run, I have to deduct stars for the rest of the experience. But OMG the ravioli is beyond fantastic. I literally sat there and considered ordering a 2nd helping. Move over Mario Batali - your beef cheek ravioli now has some serious competition. In fact, the duck & foie gras ravioli at Scarpetta may actually be better than B&B's beef cheek ravioli. I'm going to have to that 2nd helping in order to confirm, but I may indeed have a new favorite Vegas dish.So yeah, fab food, but not-so-hot first dining experience.
4	Scarpetta is classy, modern restaurant. The main dining room gives you a great view of the Bellagio Fountain and is a great place to take a date. I have to mention that the music was perfect. It was swanky downtempo electronic music. Awesome. I love beef tartars...especially the korean/japanese yuk-hoe, so as an appetizer, I decided to order the Wagyu Beef Tartare and for dinner I ordered the famous Duck Foie Gras Ravioli.The server brought out an assortments of bread to soothe my appetite. There was sourdough, french bread, rosemary bread, and stromboli. The bread came with a trio of butter, tomato-herb salad, and a lime-infused olive oil. The stromboli was the bomb.The beef tartar came out next and I was extremely underwhelmed by it. The meat lacked flavor and the side salad was too salty. There is also a cured egg in it, which I did not taste at all. I did like the hazelnut garnish tho. All in all, 2/5 stars for this dish. Finally, the duck foie gras ravioli came out and it did not disappoint. They were small pockets of ravioli stuffed with a mixture of duck liver and duck confit, all topped with balsamic vineger and scallions. The pasta was fresh and incredibly delicate. It was one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had. My only knock on it was that I was not full at all. 4.5/5 stars.
4	My husband and I recently celebrated our anniversary at Scarpetta and were seated by the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains. Very romantic. As much as I tried to save room for the main meal, the bread basket with an assortment of carbs along with mascarpone butter, roasted eggplant spread, and lemon infused olive oil was too hard to resist.  I even asked for a refill of the rosemary focaccia, it was that good. We ordered the following:APPETIZER: *Roasted sea scallops- 2 perfectly cooked giant scallops that melt in your mouth. PASTA: *Duck and Fois Gras Ravioli in a marsala reduction*Spaghetti with tomato and basilBoth dishes were fabulous and I highly recommend both.  I would easily order either dish upon my return visit. MEAT:*Pancetta-wrapped veal loin- with sweetbreads and vegetables*Halibut with vegetable pureeAgain, both were delicious but if I were to come again, I would definitely order the Halibut over the veal loin.DESSERT:*Napoleon- creme brulee, macadamia tuilles, blood orange sorbet*Chocolate cake with toasted almond gelato and salted caramel sauceBoth were decadent, but I personally preferred the chocolate cake more mainly because the salted caramel sauce was divine.  If I could order just a bowl of salted caramel sauce, I would in a heartbeat. When you dine here, you will not be disappointed.  The servers are attentive and friendly.  The food is excellently prepared. I can't wait to come back and try other items.
5	I visited Scarpetta Saturday, June 4th at about 8pm to 10pm. When you first look at the entrance to Scarpetta all it looks like is a long narrow hallway from a distance, but it is so much more. The restaurant opens up to an "L" and overlooks the Bellagio fountains. It really is a breathtaking spot and the atmosphere is to die for. Besides visiting the pools view of the strip, this restaurant has to have the best view of the fountains. When i arrived at the restaurant it was very busy so we sat at the bar. The bar is a great room of lights, atmosphere, and helpful people. While staying there we had many custom cocktails (Scarpetta creations) that the bartenders made that were delicious. We also enjoyed the bread, which they said came for D.O.C.G., which was fabulous. The bread was homemade and there were several different types, all of them great flavors. We ate their spaghetti and their ravioli, both were excelt. The cost of the meal and drinks was around $100. It was a little more than i usually spend, but when you buys drinks it can become alot more. I thought for the spot it was at, the food quality, and the atmosphere the price was right on. I would highly recommend this place, and if you already had a meal and just relax there with some of their drinks.
4	Gorgeous restaurant, great service, beautiful food...and be prepared to shell out some cash! During our Vegas trip, hubs and I were looking for some great Italian and being that we were staying next door in Aria, we figured Scarpetta at the Cosmopolitan would be a great fit. A 9:30 pm reservation and we were off!As mentioned, this is a pretty romantico restaurant with dim lighting, slick tables and modern touches. Service was helpful but not intrusive - a definite plus! And how about the dishes...Heirloom tomato salad: 4/5: A very delicious combination of incredibly fresh stracciatella cheese, great tomatoes a bit of salsa verde and eggplant. The portion was small but it was bursting with flavor.Spaghetti: 4/5: Yeah, seems boring but our server mentioned how great the fresh pasta, scratch made sauce and basil was, so I went for it. I'm glad I did because the pasta was perfectly al dente and the flavors were completely on point without being overwhelmingly tomato-y. Again, portions are very small here - even for the pasta. Perhaps a 1-1.5 cups of pasta for $24...that's pretty steep...albeit delicious. Would I go back to Scarpetta? Absolutely. It's creative and delicious Italian fare in a gorgeous restaurant. Give it a try...and bring your credit card :)
5	Unreal spaghetti. I know, it's spaghetti you say. Easy enough. It's amazing. Saw it on the Techniques episode of No Reservations, tried it, then had to punch myself for not trying it sooner in NY. Everything else was great too. Yellowtail and fritto misto to start, spaghetti and black cod to finish. Highlight was the spaghetti though.
4	I mangia'd molto bene at Scarpetta during my most recent trip to the Strip.  The ambiance at this sophistocated Cosmopolitan restaurant is very sexy, and we were fortunate enough to be seated by the huge picture window with views of the Bellagio fountains spraying in the background.  To enjoy your meal at Scarpetta as I did, follow these instructions and thank me later:1) Start of with a glass of Gosset.  There aren't many wines by the glass to choose from on the menu, but a glass of Gosset (even if it'll set you back $20 for a singular champagne flute of this nectar from the gods) is worth it.2) Sample the fritto misto and Wagyu beef tartare to start.  Sure, these are old Italiano standbys, but they do it up here, adding cured egg, parmigiano, toasted hazelnuts, and sea salt to the tartare.  SO GOOD.3) Devour the black farfalle (with Maine lobster) and the spiced duck breast (with endive, preserved orange, and delicious cippollini onion).  I split these dishes with my friend and it was the perfect portion size, not to mention SCRUMPTIOUS.  Jersey was a good choice to wear during this meal.4) Polish it all off with the Zeppole for dessert, if you're a fan of Nutella.Grazie mille, Scarpetta, for a wonderful experience!  I will definitely be back to try your famous spaghetti.
3	Great looking place, great sevice.  Food expensive and very small portions. If you're into this kind of place it's worth a try if you see something you like on the menu.  The food was ok, not awesome for the price.Just not my way of paying through the nose and leaving hungry only to look at pizza slices served a few doors down.
5	I know this is an Italian restaurant and we really came here for the spaghetti BUT what blew me away was the bread basket. Yes, something as simple as a bread basket was quite possibly the highlight of our meals. I went with 2 girlfriends and decided on one duck and foie gras ravioli, one spaghetti, and one tagliatelle for our meals and a polenta with mushroom fricasee to share. So we're waiting for our food and they bring out the bread basket and some butter, olive oil, and eggplant tapenade. Ok, pretty standard. But once we opened up that napkin, we were pleasantly surprised with stromboli, rosemary bread, and biscuits piping hot from the oven! The stromboli was a perfect blend of crispy outside and soft buttery inside, with the salami and cheese adding the perfect amount of salt. If that wasn't good enough, the rosemary bread. WOW. I absolutely love rosemary though so I may be biased. Anyway, we asked for another basket of bread and polished that one off long before our appetizer even touched down on the table. To start, we ordered the polenta with mushrooms and our server told us it was just a small bite meant for one person, but the 3 of us were able to share it without wanting more. At this point we were already getting full! Finally our entrees came and everything was on point. The rich duck/foie gras ravioli, the clean but complicated flavors of the spaghetti, and the fresh, crisp spring veggie tagliatelle. Amazing. You really can't beat fresh pasta. I paired my meal with their pinot noir which was a great complement but I barely even remembered to drink it because I was so enamored with the food. Next time, I may try not to eat as much bread...oh who am I kidding. It's too good!
4	Food was good and a great view of the bellagio fountains.  Service was on point.   Good spot for a date.  Worth spending a little more and skipping docg.
5	I loved everything about Scarpetta, from the food to the great ambiance overlooking the Bellagio water show. Scott Conant puts his own unique twists on Italian classics, starting with the bread basket accompanied creamy butter, sun dried tomatoes and citrus infused olive oil, which is a very nice touch. Let's not gloss over the bread basket like you would at most of your standard restaurants, this bread basket is special. Maybe one of my favorite parts of the meal was the stromboli bread, dipped in some olive oil and topped with the sun dried tomatoes, I could eat that all day.  Another highlight of this meal was the braised short rib risotto primi piatti, this was a flawless dish. My best description of this dish would be, homey and earthy. The risotto had perfect texture and the short ribs were melt in your mouth braised.Next we had the spaghetti tomato basil and the duck & foie gras ravioli. Both amazing pasta dishes in their own right. The spaghetti tomato basil did not disappoint, the homemade pasta had just enough bite to it and the sauce was simple but deep in flavors. The tomato sauce had a buttery richness to it, with a hint of spice from the red pepper flakes, and some freshness from the basil. It's truly a perfect spaghetti.  Duck & foie gras ravioli is very eloquent and rich. Very deep in flavors and a smooth velvety texture to the foie gras filling. The marsala reduction rich and buttery smooth in it's own right and when combined with the raviolli gives a Mike Tyson KO punch of flavor. I highly recommend Scarpetta. The prices are also reasonable when you consider the delicious free bread basket, which can be a meal in itself. A very delicious meal and romantic place take your significant other, what more could you ask for. Absolutely a 5 star restaurant.As great as this meal was the one thing that stands out to me is the stromboli bread with the complimentary bread basket with olive oils and sun dried tomatoes.
3	Romantic and Intimate, Scarpetta is definitely a date night spot... Not for a company dinner for twelve.Since there were twelve of us, we were seated in a private room with a spectacular view of the Bellagio's fountain attraction.  As the sun went down, the room got really dark to a point where everyone was falling asleep...The best way to describe the food here was "comforting".  The chef here definitely turns complicated Italian dishes to something very down-to-earth. My favorite dish of the night was the appetizer Scallops with Mushrooms.  The combination between the two was harmonious from taste to its texture.  My second favorite dish was Pancetta-wrapped veal loin.  I love veal, but I ordered this mainly for the side of sweetbread, peas and carrots.  I am HUGE on sweetbread since I have fallen in love with it at Animal in West LA.  Every since then, I have tried sweetbread whenever I see them on the menu, but this one was by far the WORST sweetbread side ever :(  The cripy frito misto appetizer was too salty and mushy.  Probably need higher heat to fry them...I would definitely come back here again and try other dishes.  I have been here before and tried the duck and foie gras ravioli and black cod and they were both amazing!  The Aged sirloin beef here is very dry.
4	even though it's located in the mall-ish portion of the cosmo, place is very elegant, with great views if you get a window seat.food was very good, we had the scallop appetizer, duck breast and duck ravioli entrees, and goat cheese cheesecake for dessert. everything came out perfect, and service was excellent.
5	By far, our best meal this trip to Vegas!Views and Service were great.  We had the tasting menu, which was outstanding.  Lots of different tastes and textures - all memorable.We also had the wine pairing with the tasting menu.  Wine pairing was good, considering the price point ($45 for the pairing), but we would have gladly paid more for a premium wine pairing option.Outstanding evening.  Don't be in a rush - I wouldn't go here pre-theater.  Dinner took about 2 1/2 hours - we enjoyed every minute.
4	4th of July weekend in Vegas - we thought it would be nuts, but we were pleasantly surprised we were able to make a reservation for Scarpetta. We were thrilled when the hostess seated us right next to a window, and no sooner had we sat when the fireworks started over Caesar's Palace! Our waiter was smart enough to know we having a romantic moment watching them and let us be until the end. Shortly after, he arrived and took our drink orders. I believe he was a bit new - possibly a bit nervous, but he had very good instincts and was very nice. Our water glasses did not go empty once and empty plates/glasses were removed immediately. Again, our waiter was not in a rush, but he was not ignoring us either....he really set a nice pace for us for the meal. It was nice to take our time and enjoy the ambiance, which is really a highlight of this restaurant. The meal: We're pretty avid fans of the Food Network, and while you'd think the celebrity chefs might be overrated on the Strip especially, I have never had a bad experience with these types of restaurants. This was no exception. The bread basket is to die for....if we knew we weren't going to pay a mint for the meal itself, we might have stuffed ourselves with that alone. Our waiter recommended the spaghetti, which the chef is particularly known for. We decided to split it (they're not snobby about that at this place which is great!) as an appetizer - and it was very good. My boyfriend said he likes my spaghetti better, but I loved it. We had the veal chop for the entree, which we also split - that was very good as well. Overall, I don't think our meal was crazy expensive - it was very much in line with the price you'd pay at any other of the strip restaurants. The portions were small, yes, but we also respect not gorging ourselves to death...that's what the buffets are for. I can't say what would make me give this restaurant a 5 star rating as opposed to a 4 star...but, I'm definitely willing to go back to find out. Enjoy the Cosmopolitan - it's stunning inside, enjoy this restaurant - the views and food are great, and enjoy each other if you're in a romantic mood - this is the place!
4	A lot of ups and downs for us on our stop here!As per yelp, we requested a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Absolutely gorgeous!  However, there is a horizontal opaque support bar right at eye level if you're 6'0, so you have to duck or stand up a little bit to actually look out the window.Service was great as you would expect at any nice Vegas restaurant.Appetizers were delicious!  We had the scallops and the polenta per our waiter's recommendations.  Among the best you can ever find among appetizers.Our entrees were a different story.  I don't feel the spaghetti was that special.  A former reviewer referenced "Asian hand-pulled noodles" and was dead on.  Any quality housemade noodle will taste like this, and it is very basically seasoned.  Not quite a great entree in itself, especially a meatless dish for a carnivore like myself.The lady got foie gras ravioli, as she is a foie gras FIEND.  However, even this dish came out a little salty with only a hint of foie gras detected.  The pasta was still good.Maybe our expectations were too high after the appetizers.We also didn't get any wine, though I heard the wine list is fabulous.The price is very reasonable too.  We'd probably come back.  Well, there are a lot of places to try in Vegas, so maybe not.
4	Great good, great feel, great service.Our evening at Scarpetta was a late one, with dinner reservations at 9:30, I was expecting a rushed and lackluster performance. However, my prediction was soon proven wrong.We arrived and were seated immediately in a comfy booth facing the windows. Our server quickly came to our table with bottled water and began to introduce himself and the restaurant to us. His delivery was smooth and made us feel welcome.He took our wine orders, brought out the vino and listed off the specialties of the house for the evening. Soon after departing, a waiter came to our table and delivered the first batch of goodies. A basket of treats with artisan baked focaccia, bread with salami and oozing cheese baked right in and a selection of dipping sauces. We quickly devoured one of each and were in carb heaven.When our waiter returned we put in our main course order of their famous spaghetti and the Short Rib agnolotti. He refilled our wine shortly thereafter and let us enjoy some conversation and spectating.  This place was buzzing at 10pm with eye candy and low-lit cool vibes.Finally, our main courses arrived. The spaghetti is unforgettable with thick noodles, creamy reduced marinara and a touch of fresh basic. The short rib agnolotti, the little perfectly packaged pockets of braise short rib and hint of horseradish bursted with slow cooked flavor.Overall, the staff, food and ambiance was something I won't soon forget next time I am in town.
5	This is the fine dining restaurant at Cosmopolitan that I've been looking for.  Beautiful restaurant.  Impeccable service.  Great food.  Hip music not played too loud.  Perfect.We started with the roasted scallops ($17) which is 2 scallops with porcini mushrooms and sunchokes.  It came with some sort of sauce that was unidentifiable.  The flavor of the sauce just didn't come through and was overpowered by the mushrooms and sunchokes.  Still the scallops, mushrooms, and sunchokes were all perfectly cooked and tasty.Next I tried the Orata Rosso ($33), which is red snapper that comes with tomatoes, chard, and clams (out of the shell).  So yummy!  My husband had the halibut ($30), which came with potatoes.  An interesting combination but really tasty.The show stealer was the lobster pasta ($35).  Black farfelle with lobster and basil bread crumbs.  Excellent flavor combination, texture, everything.  Black farfelle is kind of interesting to look at, too.For dessert, we had the peach crostada ($11) - kind of like a peach cobbler with vanilla ice cream and blackberries.  Very good.  We also had the zeppoles ($11), which are beignets stuffed with nutella and covered in chocolate with a very yummy vanilla sauce.  Our latte and cappucino ($6 each) were also very good.We had a couple glasses of wine which were good.  Pinot Grigio ($10) and Falanghina ($16).  The wine list is a little confusing because they list some wines by the glass and others as quartinos.  But the quartinos are not any larger than a normal glass of wine.  I should have gotten clarification about the difference.  Maybe next time.The view is decent but not as good as Comme Ca.  Still, I am looking forward to coming back to this restaurant and trying the tasting menu. Hoping this can make my Best of the Best list.
5	I came here on a Sunday at 6.  Totally dead which is sad because the food and service were so good.  Maybe it picked up after I left?The bread was excellent and I usually don't like bread at Italian restaurants.  They had a focaccia, ciabiata, standard loaf, and crazy one with meat in it.  As a vegetarian I had the first 3.  In addition there were 3 dips - an amazing butter, a eggplant option, and citrus infused EVOO.I began with the white artichoke soup.  Great presentation.  Mushrooms and croutons with a nice foam and greens, then came the creamy artichoke soup.  Cleaned the bowl.Then the famed spaghetti.  The $24 spaghetti that apparently is amazing.  I had to find out for myself.  I hadn't ordered spaghetti from an Italian restaurant in a decade (in high school I'd order it on dates to save money).  It was honestly - ok.  I found mine to be too al dente, but perhaps this is personal taste and preference.  Still good pasta - but don't feel like you have to get the spaghetti.The service was great.  The waiter was quick, knowledgable, and professional.  The manager came over and chatted with me for 15 minutes which was great.They sat me at the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains - can't complain about that.Go here.  So you can say you ate at Scott's place and because it's delicious.
5	Scarpetta has amazing food and is in a great location with nice views. The yellowtail and polenta appetizers were both delicious with the yellowtail being slightly better.The short rib agnolloti and the duck and foie gras ravioli were two amazing pastas that are very unique to the restaurant.The entrees did not live up to the first two courses but the baby goat was satisfying. I wouldn't recommend the halibut.The head chef Scott Conant was in the restaurant which is very rare for Vegas. When you head to this restaurant stick mostly with the pastas and appetizers and you will have a unique and enjoyable dining experience.
5	Great ServiceGreat FoodGreat TimeFresh pasta, Great Sauces, Awesome selections.
5	Food was YUMMY. We had the steak tartare and the sirloin special.They must have killed the cow in the kitchen as soon as we ordered because it was FRESH. We ordered medium rare and it was succulent, juicy, and ORGASMIC.But perhaps the best part of the dining experience (aside from my date) would be the staff. The staff truly makes the dining experience and we felt utterly pampered. Honestly, they would have fed us by hand had we asked. The dinner bread was FANTASTIC. I totally nom nom'd on a lot of carbs tonight.Thank you Christian and the staff tonight for a wonderful dining experience. We will most certainly return :) :) :)
5	OMG GOOD! GREAT date night/anniversary spot. This is a very classy place, I absolutely loved every bite! The staff were extremely professional. I had the Duck Ravioli, delicious! My wife had the Lamb, which i tried and nearly died, SO GOOD. We even had some desert, you have to get the cheesecake, it is topped with mango gilato which does not sound appealing but was phenomenal! We spent $100 before gratuity, did not drink any alcohol. OH, and we had a table watching the Bellagio fountains! I live in Las Vegas, only two other restaraunts rival this one and they are more expensive - YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
3	Cool place with great food but terrible service.
5	Last Friday we came in at 9.30. The place was packed and the girls at the reception told us that we could eat at the bar or at the small tables on the opposite side of the bar. We choose to wait at the bar for a table in the restaurant, where it seemed to be more quiet. They told us the wait could be up to an hour, but we didn't really care.We allready had a few cocktails before we came in, so I started to drink lots of water. We had to share our snack basket (patato chips, nice!) with the people sitting next to us. They shove it to their side of the bar, we didn't steal it back, so far the enjoyment of snacks. After about 30 minutes it seemed like more and more people came in without reservation, but they were all given a table in the restaurant. We were still enjoying the bottled water, but after an hour waiting, my boyfriend walked up to the reception and they made our table ready, thanking us for the long wait. When we were seated, we noticed that the restaurant wasn't that full anymore. We were seated at a table apart from the other guest, in the corner of an almost empty room, where it wasn't that warm. They gave us some really nice bread and I didn't want to be snobby, but I did ask for another table. They were very nice and gave us a table by the window, overlooking the B fountains. Not that we especially wanted that, but we did like to sit closer to other people. Experiencing a restaurant isn't just about the food, it's also he temperature, the views, looking at other guest and the over all service.Anyway, after this, everything was great. My boyfriend and I shared 4 courses, which were all perfectly made: the tartare, the foie gras ravioli, the organic chicken and the goat cheese cake. I was really stuffed (I also had 3 bottles of water) and happy. Service was great, although we were asked a little to much if everything was okay. In Holland we are not used to all that attentiveness.6 stars for the food, 4 for the somewhat weird start = 5 stars.
4	Very high priced, semi-Italian fusion type of food.Some really good fish dishes, try the halibut from the meat menu.Definitely gotta make a reservation in advance. if you're a party of 6 or more, request to be seated in their private room with a view of the Bellagio fountains water show.
5	Chef Dave was amazing!! The food was delicious! We went there for a bachelorette party and thanks to Bex for being able to get us seats at the chefs table! If you ever plan on going to vegas please ask for Bex!!
4	My new favorite Vegas restaurant. Had the prix fixe menu and it was all delicious. I'll be back real soon!
5	Incredible restaurant! Staff is very friendly and attentive. Sexy, rustic atmosphere feels elegant, yet not stuffy. The best pasta I have ever had!!!
5	Scarpetta won't let you down. I went with 2 friends who really know and love food (one of them is a really talented professional chef with years of experience) and we all agreed it was fantastic.We had the spaghetti, the duck and foie gras ravioli, and the black farfalle to start. And it was all good. The ravioli were off the charts and the other two were good, not amazing but tasty. For some reason when the farfalle came out all the sauce had shifted to the bottom of the dish so at first bite i was like WTF, and then i got to the bottom where all the sauce and lobster were hanging out - mmmmmmmmm. nom nom nom. The entrees were amazing. I had the cod, and i tasted the sirloin steak - which was excellent. The deserts were amazing too. We had the panna cotta, the chocolate cake and the nutella filled donut holes and they were fucking rad. This is a really pretty restaurant too inside, its beautifully designed and it has a view of the bellagio fountain which is cool. Its a place to take the misses for sure. We had 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, 3 deserts and wine and including tip the bill came out to 120 per person. A very reasonable price for such good food and service.
2	As guest we felt like a burden instead of welcomed and we found the foods  we tried as one dimensional and under seasoned , flat and the dessert awful . Maybe they just weren't in the working flow of things yet or maybe it just was an off night I don't know.The door was wide open at 5:25 so we walked in and the hostess told us to make a reservation for 5:30 and to leave and come back in a few minutes . We thought that seemed odd but thought it was just because she was very young and figured that was all it was and came back a few minutes latter .Too start with I received a white lint filled napkin on top of my black pants , but I did notice they have black linen napkins they use for the wine bottles. We felt uncomfortable the whole time dining because most of the time I saw up to eleven members of staff were standing across from us with their backs against the wall just looking out into our direction . I glared at them a few times but they didn't budge .We started with the tuna susci -described as marinated vegetables with preserved truffles , everything was raw and everything had little taste.We shared the short rib agnolotti , that were like mini raviolis filled with short rib that had a baby food texture inside the well made pasta. Maybe ten percent of the  agnolottis we topped with a scant amount of toasted  crumbs slightly laced with horseradish for flavor that were resting in some browned butter.The black cod although cooked nicely would have been forgettable but was not , only because of the concentrated tomato that I found interesting .  this dish was extremely mild and under seasoned with a few pieces of fennel that were nicely caramelized .My husband had the duck breast and he said it was his least favorite one he ever had since the skin wasn't crispy and also lacked flavor , he thought it wasn't seasoned at all .We had a little time to kill before the show so we thought maybe dessert might be good . We ordered the zeppole I don't mean to be mean or disrespectful but honest to God they tasted just like the chocolate muffins of the Sweet Tomatoes salad bar buffet , the zeppole were bread like , not sweet , almost not chocolate flavored and only a few zeppole not all had essence of nutella in them . At this price range they don't have this much room for error.
4	Expensive but worth it. A very short menu that was fun to share items off of with others in our party so we could all try different things. Great food with a unique flair. Their bread choices were very unique including a bread with meat in it.  They need more servers. Our bar and food service was slow. They only had one bartender working, while she was great, no one could keep up alone with the volume of a full restaurant. We liked the location with its view. Also they presented the food to you when it came very well. We will go back.
5	What a memorable night it was! First, I definitely would request a window view of the Bellagio water show if you can, because my boyfriend and I saw three shows while enjoying our dinner. Scarpetta's very romantic but is also just a great place for a one-of-a-kind Italian meal. We started out with sharing a glass of Pinot Noir, which was delicious and smooth. For an appetizer, I highly recommend the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms...then you must dip the bread they give you into the mushroom mixture. Deliciouso! I ordered the simple, but unforgettable Tomato and Basil Spaghetti and my boyfriend ordered the Short Rib Agnolotti, which he devoured. All their pasta is made fresh at the restaurant and can't be compared to any other pasta I've had. You must try it for yourself!Reservations can be made online, and I definitely recommend this to anyone who is visiting Las Vegas with their significant other or wants to make a good first impression :)
2	Great service, but the food was far below our expectations. The bread basket was great, my personal favorite was the salami infused slices. As far as the meals go, my date ordered the The Creamy Polenta as her appetizer and she seemed to enjoy it. I opted for the Short Rib Agnolotti as my main dish and the pasta was LOADED with raw minced horseradish which flat out overpowered the whole dish with almost every bite. And I LOVE spicy food, but it would took my breath away with almost every bite, so it was far too much for my liking. You would have to absolutely LOVE horseradish to even enjoy this dish. My date ordered The Risotto with vegetables from the Vegetarian menu which was just mixed diced vegetables. The dish came out at room temperature and did not taste good at all, so the order was sent back.I will not be returning to Scarpetta, nor will I ever recommend it to anyone I know.
4	We went to Scarpetta to celebrate our 9 year anniversary. As requested, they gave us a table so we could see the Bellagio fountains.  Our reservation was at 9 PM and we were disappointed to find out that the chef was no longer offering the tasting menu that evening. Our waiter, however, said we could create our own tasting - excellent!  We started with the polenta with mushrooms - delicious, but it maybe could have used a bit more salt. Next up was the infamous $24 spaghetti. Well worth it - this is the best pasta I ever ate. Since we were indulging, the next course was more pasta. The duck and foie gras ravioli. It was good, but very rich and not even close to as good as the beef cheek ravioli from Carnevino. I am not sure why people would compare the two. On carb overload we then had the lamb which was fantastic. For some reason they also sent out a duck entree which we had not ordered. Not a fan of the spices - cardamom and clove. Nor was I a fan of the waiter attempting to charge us for it. Dessert was the chocolate salted caramel cake. Good, but nothing to rave about. Wine prices are high but on par with everything else on the strip. Oh, I almost forgot the bread basket and dipping sauces. The Stromboli bread with salami and cheese is phenomenal. The marscapone butter could make even cheap white bread taste good. Definitely worth a visit to try the spaghetti. I will be going back for that!
2	the house spaghetti was so so bad. i would have paid $6 for it. it was plain and i can't believe that is their house specialty.the foie gras ravioli was good. service was not so great.
5	We ate there last night with our friends, and we loved everything.  Without getting into specifics, some highlights were the Short rib Angolotti and the Raviolini. The tomato basil pasta is not to be missed. Service was excellent as was the ambiance. This place is not to be missed.
1	Even though the food was good (not on par with the NY location though), I can't give more than one star because the service sucked. So it's Restaurant Week in Vegas. I wanted some pasta and Scarpetta's RW menu online looked good. It was our last night there and we had to catch our flight, so we booked the earliest table possible. We walk in and are handed the regular menu, no RW menu. We're sort of hungover and tired and I think maybe i read the dates wrong, so we go ahead and order off the regular menu. No big. Then other tables start coming in. They are all given the RW menu enthusiastically. I ask our waiter if it is RW. He says yes, we just started it tonight. I ask why we weren't given the chance to participate--it IS for charity, after all. He says, oh...ummm...well...it's by INVITATION ONLY. Waiter, you are a LIAR. Oh, really?, I say with an eyebrow. Yep, sorry, he says, and walks off. Just say you f'd up, and comp our dessert or something. Don't treat me like I'm some idiot. I wonder what Scott Conant would say.
4	What do you do when you're too cracked out to go clubbing in Vegas? You eat at a fancy restaurant of course. Despite the reservations we were not seated as promptly as I would like, but the wait was not too long. We did request to be seated where we could see the fountains, a wish that went unfulfilled.I understand Vegas was at its capacity that weekend so I suppose it is forgivable though disappointing. We had the braised short ribs, spaghetti, and the duck & foie gras ravioli. We ended the meal with an unmemorable custard. Our waiter was excruciatingly nice, checking up on us every few minutes, never daring to let the water drain completely from our cups. He even remembered my boyfriend from his last business trip there.The eggplant spread, short ribs, the spaghetti were nothing short of magnificent especially the spaghetti which lived up to all of its hype. I could eat an entire barrel of that spaghetti in all its simplistic perfection. My only issue was that my ravioli was so salty I could barely eat it. It won't deter me from coming back again though.
4	We had late reservations on a Sunday, but it was still extremely crowded and even with reservations we had to wait 20 minutes. I was a little annoyed by having to wait, especially that late, but we ended up with a table that overlooked the Bellagio fountain so that was nice.As everyone else has said, the portions are smaller than what people are used to but I actually liked that as my friend and I were able to split an app, and then each order an entree and split an additional entree as a middle course. The middle course was the spaghetti as we had heard good things, however we didn't find it to be anything special and it came out luke warm. However, we also had the Creamy Polenta, Stracci, and Black Farfalle which were all amazing!
2	I wanted to love Scarpetta, I really did. I was still mesmerized by the striking view I got to take in during the grand opening and determined to prove all of the reviews about the mediocre service wrong, but our waiter left me no choice but to report otherwise.I want to point out the highlights before I rip Scarpetta to shreds. I came in for Restaurant Week so got the pre-fixe menu and chose the yellowtail, short rib agnolotti, and coconut panna cotta. I thought the yellowtail had great flavor and was presented beautifully. My only complaint was that it seemed to be served a little on the warm side to me which is a concern when it comes to raw fish.The coconut panna cotta/guava soup was not only delicious but beautiful too. The almost tart soup was a nice contrast to the creamy panna cotta-probably the best panna cotta I've ever had! Not too rich or too sweet, and again, perfectly balanced with the cold fruit soup. I usually don't go for dessert soups, but I'd probably come back just for that.The view is killer-great front row seats to the Bellagio water show!Now for the bad.Strike one: Maybe this is just me being very nitpicky, but the presentation of the short rib agnolotti was just gross. The pasta was served in a wide, shallow bowl and the appearance of pasta in one thin layer with hardly any garnish (save the breadcrumbs which had a nice flavor) was just unappetizing. Also, the pasta was incredibly greasy. I've had pasta in brown butter sauce before that didn't look like that. The filling was good, very rich and flavorful, but the sauce was just off-putting. Strike two: for the duration of our dinner, a toddler continuously screamed at the top of his lungs, banged on the table, stood on the booth in which his family was sitting and annoyed the crap out of the surrounding diners. As a fine dining restaurant, it's your responsibility to make sure that the experience is just that, fine dining. Which means if you need to tell this family who cannot control their spoiled infant to beat it, in the interest of preserving the experience for surrounding diners, then do it. After an hour of embarrassing behavior and ugly stares from other tables, the dad who was elegantly dressed in board shorts, shower shoes and a baseball cap removed the child from the fine dining situation. I feel like the management should've handled this earlier, but God forbid they offend one person who is offending the entire restaurant. Strike three: our waiter was a dud. I get it, everyone has their off days, but I think this waiter's life was a series of off days. I'm hoping that his service standards weren't lowered because we were getting what was essentially a discounted menu, but I can't help that think this was the case. Discounted menu=less tip? Not always. But if your behavior warrants a tip to match the discounted bill then that's what you'll get. It took about 15 minutes for bread to come out and for the waiter to bring water. Then another 15 minutes for him to take our order for wine. And about another 20 minutes to take our food order. I shouldn't have to flag you down and tell you we're ready to order. That's not my job as a patron of the restaurant. I wasn't in any rush, but those lapses in time mean either this dude was just straight up inattentive or suffering the early stages of dementia. Everything about the dinner just dragged on unnecessarily. He was inattentive and seemed disinterested in our table-there were only two of us and we're definitely not high maintenance so I'm not sure what the issue was.Our waiter was in no way personable and just rubbed me the wrong way. Maybe we caught him on a bad night. Maybe he didn't feel like we deserved the attention that someone who was ordering off of the regular menu did. Regardless, in these economically unbalanced times, when so many people are opting to eat cheaper or stay home and cook, I feel like the restaurant industry should feel the pressure to give diners the experience they pay for. Even if we were getting your dishes for a reduced price-we are still dining in your restaurant and your standard of service should be equal across the board. You are a fine dining restaurant and I hold you to a higher standard than, say a Denny's. But if you perform like a Denny's waiter, I will tip you like a Denny's waiter. I'm not sure I would come back because I was truly annoyed with the service. Maybe I'd come back for the guava soup...and have it at the bar.
4	The mediocre: Although good, the $24 spaghetti is not really justified by the price. Stay away from that chocolate cake. It's the heaviest, tiniest, piece of chocolate cake I have ever had. It's good, but WAY heavy.The better: The short rib with farro risotto. Oh so yum! How can you screw up short ribs?The OUT OF THIS WORLD: The panna cotta with guava soup and coconut ice cream. Very few desserts I eat are memorable. This one is VERY memorable. For a panna cotta, this dessert was extremely light and had just a hint of sweetness (I thought the guava was going to make it super sweet, but it didn't). I would come back and eat here just for this dessert. No joke!Our service was great. Request a table near one of the windows so you can see the fountain show at Bellagio.
1	I have no intention to return to Scarpetta after having dined there last night on the pre-fixe menu for Restaurant Week. First I will state what is warranting the one star: a wonderful Chianti and delicious heirloom tomatoes. This is what I was served:Heirloom Tomato Salad - I thought the presentation was lovely and all the flavors were good and spread out. The heirloom tomatoes were very tasty. I was not disappointed with this dish.Aged Sirloin Beef; Potato Gnocchi, Wild Mushrooms, Parmigiano & Barolo Ragu - I am fairly certain my dish did not have ANY mushrooms in it and I was very disappointed in this fact. Was it because we were dining on the RW menu? I guess mushrooms only go to those paying full price? The sirloin was O.K.. nothing special. I will admit the waiter suggested I get it medium and I opted for medium-well, maybe my mistake here - but the fact the meat had quite a bit of fat on it and gristle was NOT my fault.Amadei Chocolate Cake Toasted Almond Gelato & Salted Caramel Sauce - The cake was very rich and I was pleased with it, however I felt as though it was something that could be served up at an Applebee's for goodness sake, not a fine dining establishment.On to the even worse (because the food was actually okay) was the service. Our waiter was horrid. Just absolutely, down-right inattentive and spaced out beyond belief. He was an older gentlemen. Mistakes made:- Incredibly slow service- Offering us a wine menu, but not taking our wine order until we gave it to him ourselves- The wine took forever to arrive and in the mean time he did not return to take our meal orders- Had tap water poured into our water cups that were filled with the water we PAID FOR- He did a poor-ass job of describing the meals, as did the others serving us- Just the most bland service EVER; did not ask us how our food was, did not chat with us at all, just did not care in generalWas it because we were there on the RW Menu? Maybe. And if that is the way an establishment runs a wonderful event for a good cause for a charity than I have absolutely no intention of ever returning to order off the menu. There are better places I can go in Vegas to have fine Italian dining. Scarpetta is not one of them.
4	The food is 5 stars.  The service is 5 stars.  The wine list is 5 stars.  The price is 5 star-level pricing.  But who cares; it's the best Italian food in Vegas.But the music is WAY too loud for fine dining.  Do I want a hard rock band screaming at me at obscene decibels when I bite into 4 paper-thin pieces of the best Yellow Tail I've put into my mouth, ever?  No, not for $16.  That's 4 bucks a bite, and the hard core, fingernails on a chalkboard in a megaphone screaming is free.The wine list is awesome.  Splurge and you'll never regret it.Their famous spaghetti is famous for a reason.  $26 for pasta and some sauce.  That's it?  Yes.  And it's worth every penny.The veal is stellar on every level, with the chanterelles, mini-me artichokes, fruit reduction, a hint of cumin, and sweet breads (my sweet breads were a little dry, though).  The veal itself is all the crispy outside, tender/moist inside, and intensity of flavors you're hoping for.The coconut/guava ice cream desert was very, very good and light.  5 stars.The cheese course was only okay.  Three small pieces of cheese the size of my thumb underwhelmed me.  I would pass on this next time.  We were spoiled by Providence's cheese course, though.Awesome capuccino.
4	Our server started us out with an array of different breads, accompanied by mascarpone butter, an eggplant tomato caponata & citrus olive oil. I often tend to judge a meal as soon as the bread (or chips... etc) arrives to the table. First impressions are crucial! If you ever dine at Scarpetta, dig for the warm stromboli loaf in your bread basket first! It pairs really wonderfully with the caponata, but also stands strong on its own. You definitely want to eat this bread while its hot- because its stuffed with layers of salami & mozzarella. YUM!My first course was Braised Short Ribs of Beef over a farro risotto. The beef was immensely tender & alive with flavor. It had a very thin slice of parmesan resting on top of it, just barely melted. Nice touch! I loved how hearty the risotto was- this is nothing my Mom would have ever prepared for me...but somehow the risotto tasted home-y. I didn't even have time to identify all the vegetables that were in this dish, because I was far too busy stuffing my face. Between bites of the short ribs, I had a few pieces of raw yellowtail. Incredibly fresh, with such great flavor. Unknown to me at the time, it was adorn with almost microscopic red onions (GROSS)...but I ate each piece very willingly- despite my hatred for onions.For my main course I had the Aged Sirloin of Beef. It was served with wild mushrooms, potato gnocchi & barolo ragu. Everything on the plate was exceedingly juicy & robust, without being overwhelming. The gnocchi was a great equalizer to the sirloin and the ragu. This dish was really unforgettable, hats off to Scott Conant.Dessert was very simple! Coconut Panna Cotta served with coconut sorbetto, pineapples & guava soup, ofcourse this is my pick- being a true Hawaiian & all. I could have done without the crushed pineapples, I felt like they interfered with the guava coconut vibe I had going. I had mentally prepared myself for the guava soup to be too sweet, but fortunately, I was incorrect. In addition to that, I was thrilled with how smooth the panna cotta was. Each bite was like silk!In short, I LOVED Scarpetta. 4 stars!
5	Restaurant Week 2011. The wife and I only planned on going out only once for Restaurant Week, but after perusing all the menus we were persuaded to try one more place -- Scarpetta at the Cosmopolitan. We were seated at a two-top by the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains. One of the better views in town, it makes for a great spot for a romantic night out. The clean lines and modern motif of the restaurant interior add to the upscale and elegant atmosphere.Scarpetta might have one of the best bread baskets around, but that can solely be attributed to the stromboli found within. Warm, chewy and delicious, it's almost a meal itself. The focaccia isn't bad either.The first two dishes were yellowtail and polenta. The raw yellowtail consisted of four slices of fish topped with olio di zenzero, pickled red onions and microgreens. a couple slices were bland and under seasoned, while others were perfect. The other app ordered came on the recommendation of our waiter. And, I'm glad I listened to him. The creamy polenta came in a decent sized bowl along with a pot with truffled mushrooms fricassee, which the server promptly spooned into the polenta. The rich and savory dish was unlike any polenta I've had before. The aged sirloin beef entree came sliced, cooked medium rare as ordered and was accompanied by a few light and fluffy potato gnocchi, wild mushrooms, barolo ragu, and topped with paper thin slices of parmigiano. The sirloin was good, but not nearly as good as the other entree.The short rib agnolotti didn't look like much when it was placed on the table -- a shallow bowl filled with a modest amount of small stuffed pasta. But, the flavor from each bite was amazing. Each piece was a thin, delicate piece of pasta stuffed with tender short rib, with an intensely rich sauce. I loved the added texture that the bread crumbs added. It was a great dish on every level.Desserts were tasty, as well. Amadei chocolate cake with toasted almond gelato and salted caramel sauce was dense and moist. The coconut panna cotta with coconut sorbetto, guava soup and pineapple was surprisingly light, creamy, and not too filling. It was a beautiful presentation with the guava soup covering and contrasting the panna cotta below.Our service was a perfect compliment to our meal. Luis timed everything perfectly and provided the kind of personalized, friendly service that every top-notch restaurant should have.I've had plenty of underwhelming experiences over the years for restaurant week, but this was definitely one of the best. I'm already thinking about when I'll be able to come back and hopefully enjoy more great food and service.
5	My 300th review and what an enjoyable experience.  This review honors the restaurant as well as my fellow yelpers who always seem to make the right call.  The strongest recommendations were the following and the yelpers were right on:Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli - pretty amazingBlack Farfalle - bowtie pasta with lobster was delicous - the texture of this pasta felt like someone may have actually tied it in a bowThe spaghetti was good but serves more as a filler and does not stand out next to the other dishes.I had the sea bass (branzino) for my main dish which was also good but again, on this night, it was all about the pasta.
4	I mostly frequent the Scarpetta in Miami, but while in Vegas last month we stayed at the Cosmopolitan and decided to give this location a whirl.  We are big fans of the spaghetti in Miami and wanted to see if it would be the same.Who would have thought that an unassuming spaghetti dish would be so amazing?  It doesn't even have any meat in it and it is so good!  I get my own because I don't like to share it.  If you want to try other things, it's great to split because it is very rich....cheese and cream, and butter...oh my!   The bread is delish, especially the stromboli, love the accoutrements, olive oil, mascarpone butter, eggplant spread. The heirloom tomato salad is always a good stand by as well.  We had the scallop appetizer this time, and it was very good.  We never really have room for dessert, and had to catch a show, so we passed. Maybe next time we will try the panna cotta.All in all, I still love the Miami location better. The service is pretty consistent with both locations, just a different slightly more relaxed vibe in Miami.  Besides, who can beat a view of the ocean and the sleek, modern, nautical decor of Scarpetta Miami.
5	Our second trip to Scarpetta, and I can't deny anymore - I am in love.  How could you not love a restaurant that never says no?  Just get a bite to eat in the bar?  No problem  More bread?  No problem  Split plates, take a look at the dining room, what's in this cocktail, table by the window...all no problem.  The food and cocktails are all executed perfectly.  Next time I'm in maybe I'll pop the question.
4	i came here in a large group, and we got the private room in the back.  we had a minimum we had to meet, which i don't think was difficult.  we got a set menu w/ 4 courses.  all the courses were served family style except for the entree.  for the first course, there was a really tasty tomato salad and a polenta w/ mushrooms.  there was also a beef and farro dish, but i didn't taste that. for the second course, there were 2 pastas:  the signature spaghetti, and a  tagliatelle w/ peas and guaciale.  both pastas were delicious, but i preferred the taglatelle.my entree was the cod, which was fine but nothing to write home about.  there was also a steak option.there were 3 desserts:  a choc cake w/ salted caramel, apple tart, and a coconut cream thing in a guava/pineapple soup.  the choc cake and apple tart were amazing.  everyone also raved about the stromboli bread.  drinks here were good too.  i'd come back to dine in the main restaurant next time.
3	The diners: 9 ladies celebrating a bachelorette weekend. Reservation time: 7:30p Sat night.  We were late about 15 min. but we called ahead to let them know and they were cool about it. Some things we ordered:-Calamari: thinly cut and deliciously flaky and salty.-Yellowtail Appetizer: nicely flavored but oh-so not enough!  5 thin pieces-Scallops: meh but then again I'm not a fan of scallops-Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli:  extremely rich, definitely get as appetizer and not an entree-Black Farfalle: the presentation didn't look that appealing cuz it is literally a dish of black pasta, but taste-wise it was pretty good; small but sufficient amounts of maine lobster-Halibut: on the drier side-Stracchi: interestingly small squares of flat pasta-Desserts: Napoleon was popular with the group, Zeppole was so-so, Chocolate Cake was really rich but imo yummiest of all the desserts, and lastly....the Cheesecake....BLECH!Description of the Cheesecake dessert on the menu..."Cheesecake.  Mango Granita, Pistachio Brittle".  When you order cheesecake, you expect to get a sweet creamy cake made from cream cheese, right?  Not here!  It's GOAT CHEESE people!  So if you like goat cheese cheesecake you'll love the cheesecake at Scarpetta.  Most of the food was actually pretty good (4 stars worth) but because the stupid bald older waiter of ours failed to tell 2 of us who ordered the cheesecake that it is made from goat cheese, AND THEN proceeded to argue w/ me saying that "goat cheese" was written on the menu...uh NO it was not, can you read English?!...that took it down a notch for me.  Not sure I'd go back myself.  If I do, I'll make sure not to have that guy wait on me again.
5	I'm a huge Scott Conant fan. His food is my food, yo. Went back last weekend and the boyf and I went full throttle. 3 pastas! That's how we roll! I've never had an entree here, I could leave most of the appetizers (except for a ridiculously awesome gazpacho), but the pasta is SICK. Ratings:#1 Spaghetti with tomato sauce:  OK- how does he do it? It's some pasta, it's some tomato sauce. Why is this heaven? It's tart, rich, chewy- this could be a whole meal. I've scoured the interwebs and come up with a pretty good approximation of his sauce (hint, infused olive oil, fast cooking times, butter, fresh basil, and grated parmigiano play a big role). But that pasta, how is it fresh and al dente all at once? The waiters are all coy minxes about this one. #2 Foie Gras ravioli: Very rich, cloying in a good way: super umami and flavor town. This doesn't skimp on the foie. We love it. #3 Stracci- Leek and shellfish rough cut pasta. Subtle and awesome, the pasta is again the star of the show. It's silky and coated in a wonderful leek sauce. I'm a salt nut and thought this could have been more heavily seasoned. #4 Truffle tagliarelle- Special last weekend. We had to try it. This was almost too subtle. It was almost refreshing, which you wouldn't expect from a cream and truffle based sauce. #5 Lobster Black Farfalle- Actually, the truffle and the lobster were at around the same level for me. This was again very subtle, deliciously textured pasta, the lobster was happy, but not the star. It's all great here, but if you don't get the spaghetti with pasta sauce, you're doing yourself a disservice. Atmosphere is fine, if you can, request a table close to the window to view the Bellagio water show. Waitstaff is generally good. The sommelier really upsells his wine, especially the expensive stuff, which is lame (I bet he'll tell you to try some Peter Michael stuff which is like 3x+ the retail here). But on the plus side, the wine he's chosen is truly good. We had an insanely awesome white burgundy and I have to stop this review right now to go look up the name.
4	We had a very pleasant experience at Scarpetta on Monday night. The food was 5 star all the way in our minds, however our Service was a bit hit and miss. Luckily the support staff was really fantastic. The menu itself can be a bit intimidating so I looked to our server for advice, he briefly listed ingredients to me, not taste which is very important for me. Also one big thing we DID NOT LIKE, by any means, was not only being served from our right but from behind. During the course of service the staff kept reaching from behind in our booth which was not just annoying, but actually uncomfortable. We felt like school kids who were practically told to sit still. It was very odd.... The hits were the short rib app, and the gazpacho soup the foie gras and duck ravioli, which isn't as gamey as is sounds surprisingly and spaghetti was tremendous! :)
5	I own a restaurant so five stars are not easy for me to give!  Great views of the strip and the water show but how 'bout the food?After doing the math, we decided to go with the wine and food pairing dinner fat $85. for the food and $45. for the wine (about six courses).  If you order off the menu and consider appitizer, entree, dessert and wine, this is at least a push if not a better deal.Waiter seconded our decision as a good deal and the night began!  Each course of food was presented with a different wine with a short explanation of each.  The flavors were described both before trying the wine with the food and what we should expect after trying it with the food.The entire meal lasted about two hours and each dish was unique in both presentation and flavor.  If anything, we'd suggest maybe some sorbet between one or two courses for cleansing and maybe take just a little bit more time.  Five or six (we can't remember because even with about a 3 oz serving of wine, that's a lot of grape to consume!) is courses is a bunch of food and even at two hours, it was a lttile bit rushed.Waiter was very nice, buss service great.  Lot's of corporate types having dinner, I would like to have seen management pay more attention to the guests and the somm never said hello although he was paying tons of attention to an apparient high roller next to us.All-in-all I would recommend this place to anyone who will listen and also our stay at the Cosmopolitan was fantastic!  Very cool place, great bars, wonderful pools.  Do yourself a favor and rent a cabana, #5 is the best one to get.Enjoy!
5	Last night my boyfriend and I went for the first time with another one of my friends for dinner, we couldn't have been more pleased! We had Chef Dave come out and talk to us and he offered to just send a whole Bunch of his favorite things out for all of us to try! The breads are amazing, the spaghetti is outta this world, and Chef Dave's  signature dish which is the pink snapper is just to die for ! I wish I could go back again tonight! The food was so perfectly prepared that I couldn't stop eating even though I had no room left toContinue to eat, I just forced myself to! The wine pairings went perfectly with each dish ! We had such an awesome experience, and at the end chef Dave even brought us back into the kitchen to see where our awesome dinner was created! The kitchen was spotless! Can't wait to go again! Thanks soMuch chef Dave !!:)
5	Even better the second time around, had the prix fixe menu again. Our waiter Mike was outstanding and really added to the great dining experience.
3	3.5 stars.I had:Polenta with mushroomsSpaghetti with basilBraised lentilsGingerbread pear crisp and choc cakePolenta with mushrooms --- MUST get . 5 stars. Truly outstanding.Spaghetti with basil --- lots of hype. Yes, it is good. $24 good? Not sure. Pasta is fresh and flavorful, but this is still not a WOW dish for me as other Yelpers seem to classify this.Braised lentils --- boring dish, nothing special or unique here, made me annoyed with myself that I ordered this given my gut told me it wouldn't be that great. Gingerbread pear crisp and choc cake --- both good, but nothing special, creative, or unique here. Standard dessert fare for a nicer restaurant.Did not live up to the hype. Look it's good. But $75 a person for 3 courses good? Nope.
5	One of the best meals of my life.I will preface the review by saying that we got the supreme hook up.  I am an acquaintance of Chef Dan Rossi and he saw to it that we experienced Scarpetta to the fullest.  A huge thank you again to Chef Dan and his hospitality and talented team.The atmosphere: Sleek, elegant, and sexy are the first words that come to mind.  The sound track puts you in the right mood but doesn't overwhelm.  One of the few hot spots in Vegas where you don't have to shout to your dinner companions- I greatly appreciated this.  It is warm and inviting with these great S shaped booths.  Yes, the waiters appear over your sholder when you're dining at the booths, but I didnt really mind that.The food: I do not exagerate, one of the best meals of my life!A break down-Polenta with mushrooms- I could have drank that sauce and been satisfied, my bf who doesnt even like polenta went back for seconds and thirds!Heirloom tomato salad- simple, clean, deliciousYellowtail carpaccio- i dont know how they get fish this fresh in Vegas! Light citrusy sauce with some crunch from the salt on top. Perfection.Short ribs- I dont usually eat meat but when i saw that these babies basically fall off the bone as soon as a fork comes near, i had to try.Taglietelle with veggies and truffle cream- this is not a light dish! The homemade pasta is cooked to a perfect al dente and the sauce is everything that something with truffles should be.  My bf's fave of the night.Short rib ravioli- a special that night.  Again, I'm vegetarian and this was my fave dish.  It its offered when you go, dont miss it.Branzino with leeks and asparagus- light and refreshing after the heavier pastas.  Crispy skin on the fish. Leeks roasted till they carmelized.  I could eat this every night and be a happy girl.Gingerbread and pear tarte with cinnamon gelato- ORDER IT!!!!I'm not usually this long winded in reviews but I was just so happy with the entire evening.  In addition wines by the glass are generously poured and therefore worth the steep-ish price.  I'd recommend this as a place for couples, non-rowdy bday parties, and those looking for an elegant evening without a bass infused club sound track.Thank you, thank you Chef Rossi.
3	The food at this place is overrated. The service was phenomenal! The food quality simply don't warrant the prices. We had the 8 course tasting menu with the wine pairings and the food is average.
4	We went here for one of our dinners in Vegas this weekend. We were able to get a good reservation on a short notice, and were seated near the window overlooking the Bellagio fountain so that was a nice touch.Server was extremely knowlegable and even shared some additional knowledge he had about the Sommelier. Turns out he is one of four master sommelier's in Las Vegas, and has his own vineyard. Nice guy to chat with.Now the food... We started with the Yellowtail, moved on to the Black Farfalle, and ended with the Aged Sirloin. Yellowtail was awesome, though could have been sliced a little thicker. If you have never had Black Farfalle, I suggest getting it here. The server mentioned it would have a shelfish taste, but I didn't find it to be overwhelming, instead a nice balance. The Aged Sirloin came with perfectly prepared Gnocchi, which is a hard task seemingly for many chefs to pull off. But they did tonight! The Barolo Ragu was a perfect addition to bring the dish altogether.The only thing I would say is the wine list was a tad overpriced in comparison to what I would expect from retail / dining out. So that is what made the 4th star come out. Definitely a great dining experience.
1	Had high expectation for this place since it's Scott Conant's place(watching him being so critical of others cooking), but dining experience with the waiter from hell and cold food leaves a bad taste all together.. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT..
5	Like other reviewers, I'm not a big fan of Scott Conant, a judge on the TV food show Chopped. Not sure if that's his real life persona or his made for TV Simon Cowell-like persona that makes for good ratings. I broke down and went to Scarpetta, totally prepared to hate the place. As much as I wanted to hate it, I loved it. It's always interesting to read the reviews and see the swings, with one reviewer hating it and the next loving it. It's usually the total experience that somehow helps make the food more or less memorable. It was totally memorable for me, from being with my wife to the Bellagio fountains to attentive service to the food being timely served, perfectly prepared and beautifully presented. The bread basket was all artisan selections, a meal in itself. The creamy polenta and truffled mushrooms were heavenly. The spaghetti was as good as spaghetti gets....there's only so much you can do with it and I thought the sauce was outstanding. The black cod melted in your mouth and was a work of art. The coconut panna cotta was the most interesting, striking and palate pleasing dessert I've ever had.
2	I was visiting Vegas with a group of girls and wanted to eat at one of Vegas's top restaurants.  Searching through Yelp, Scarpetta seemed like a good choice.  I knew it was more expensive but from the reviews I was assuming it was worth it.  I definitely do not think it was.The food was good, but not worth the price tag.  The pastas were the best part so if you do make it to Scarpetta I would suggest sticking to one of the pastas.  The total bill for the 6 of us was around $500.  We ordered a few drinks and a couple bottles of wine and though I don't have anything about the food to complain about I just don't think it was worth $500.  Normally when I have a meal with that price point I am expecting some experimentation with foods or unique pairings.  Scarpetta did not try anything new.  Steaks, typical pastas, decent portions, but nothing new.  There are so many choices for restaurants in Vegas so I just can't recommend this one.
4	No more buffets in Vegas.  A crop of amazing restaurants are making Vegas a food destination.Must Order:Tomato & Basil pastaDuck & Foie Gras pastaThe protein dishes were decent.  Recommend the Pumpkin Cheesecake to end the meal.
4	Best spaghetti in Vegas, LA, Miami and Nyc!
3	Great view of the Bellagio fountains, romantical, ok food....Located in the Cosmo, my man took me here for my birthday, so I would love to give this place a 5.  But we both agreed for how much you're paying, the food is just ok.  Service was attentive and our waiter made recommendations on the menu.  The ambiance is nice and of course if you can snag a table by the window, you'll have a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains.*Complimentary bread basket with three different types of dipping oil:  citrus infused olive oil, eggplant, and mascarpone butter.  Would have been nice if the bread was warm.  The eggplant and mascarpone butter is soooo good.*Short rib agnolotti-  little tortellinis stuffed with short rib in a brown butter  horseradish sauce topped with bread crumbs.    I love short rib so I had to order this.  I could hardly see let alone taste the short rib and the dish seemed like it was drenched in horseradish, making it really strong.  I don't mind some but wow I felt like it was coming out of my nose.*Ribeye of beef- I laugh because I don't know why my man decided to order a steak at a Italian restaurant, but he was just in the mood for one.  But basically it was average, nothing wow.  Stick to Italian.* Zepole- Nutella filled donuts topped with candied hazelnuts  with a vanilla dipping sauce.  O.m.g. Sooo deelish.I don't know if I"d come back but if I did I'd try the spaghetti.  Small little bowl of simple pasta for 24 bucks, but everyone keeps raving about it and even our waiter recommended it.  So it must have some kick ass sauce and noodles...
3	A-OK is what Scarpetta was. I was very excited to finally taste the famous pasta from the man himself-Scott Conant. I have been watching Chopped for weeks and was curious what exactly does he think amazing pasta is. Well Scott maybe Pasta is the only thing you should stick to.We have ordered the Hamachi, Tuna, Polenta, Foie Gras Ravioli, Black Cod and the Tasting Menu.Let's start from the beginning. First of all I would like to say that the service was beyond reparable. We sat at the restaurant for almost 3 hours. It took the server to give us the menu for about half an hour and every time we looked for him he wasn't there. After hinting and hinting that we would like our food right away the longer it took to the point where we just left.Here is the breakdown:Hamachi: nothing special-Nobu beats this dish any day of the week.Tuna Susci: If you think wrapping tuna over a bunch of carrots is creative-think again.Polenta: I really enjoyed this dish. It came in a small pot with a mushroom sauce on the side. This was one of my favorite appetizers.Black Cod: it was A-OK. I wish it had more flavor and was more moist. I guess beggars can't be choosers. Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli: The dough was chewy and hard. The sauce on top ruined the whole dish in my opinion. The inside was tender and rich. I think if the ravioli were smaller and more tender it would come together better.Tasting Menu:Fritto Misto: A-OK. I like anchovies but I don't think this dish brought anything special to the table.Spaghetti with tomato and basil was the best dish of the night! It was tender, flavorful and tasty. I would have this again any day!Dessert: the chocolate cake was dry and even with the gelato on the side it still left a bitter rough flavor in my mouth!We tried a few other things which I don't even care to discuss on the Tasting MenuThe bread basket was also pretty amazing! It came with 3 sauces which we ordered a second round of!Overall I am not impressed by this Italian Restaurant. This has nothing to do with price or the atmosphere. I think as a food critic what you look at is the freshness of the food and the service. I have seen a lot of bad service but ignoring your patrons will not bring you very far.So Scott Conant I am giving you a C+. You have been chopped!
5	OMG, this place is great!! Love Love the ambiance, very modern chic, romantic and fancy place...the service was great! We were in Vegas for the Elton John concert and wanted to have pasta for dinner so we tried this place. We have no regrets, waiters were fantastic, first course was delicious (short ribs). I had a glass of sauvignon blanc...went perfectly with my pasta! As we finished our dinner, we asked if we could take a glass of wine to go, (as we were running late to the concert) and the waiter did not hesitate and brought us our drinks! Lovely service, would definitely try this place again.
4	If the Cosmopolitan Hotel wasn't amazing enough...  This restaurant was great.The Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli was amazing. The service was excellent and the view of the Bellagio water fountain was grand.
5	What an amazing view of the Bellagio hotel. This restaurant is so nice and very romantic with its dimmed lights and wonderful view of the fountain.Our waiter was very nice and had tons of information to give us about every item we ordered. I enjoyed my meal here and the service was great. I will visit again.
5	Best meal we had in Vegas, hands down and, if you check my other dining reviews from this trip, most all of them were 4 stars, mostly 5's.  My wife was really wanting to try Scott Conant's iconic and so simple spaghetti after seeing it on The Best Thing I Ever Ate once on Food Network.  We had done the Steakhouse thing already and were ready for some Italian anyway.  We are SOOOO glad we came to Scarpetta.  Every bit of the meal was fabulous from the stiff cocktails to the impeccable service and the just unbelievably tasty food.  Honey's spaghetti was all she could hope for and my Branzino was a masterpiece, perfectly seared, with the most delicious fish stock based sauce that was poured over it table side. My brother had a seared duck dish and my niece some pumpkin-based filled pasta dish.  Throw in that we had a fabulous view of the Bellagio fountains blasting every 15 minutes and just, wow!To a person, we all agreed Scarpetta exceeded our expectations!!!
4	It's a fancy Italian style restaurant at the Cosmo. Of course, the service is phenomenal and the food was pretty good as well. The bread was delicious, especially the one with the salami in it. All the fixings that come with the bread was really good too. We got the Creamy Polenta, which was kind of like a mashed corn (i think), but it kinda had a mashed potato texture. The truffle mushrooms made it really delicious. We also got the Veal loin, which was really good. It was tender and not at all gamey tasting. It was very well seasoned and tasted delicious, especially since it was my first time having veal. I got the Stracci, which was pasta with lobster, crab, and shrimp on top. If you're a seafood lover, then you'll love this.
3	I was slightly disappointed with the food here.  From all the reviews I read, I thought that the pasta here was going to be exceptional. First off, let me state that the waiter I had was absolutely great and the view of the Bellagio and the fountains was fantastic as well.Since none of the appetizers sounded appealing to me, I decided to order two pasta dishes.  I first ordered the spaghetti.  On the menu, it simply states "Spaghettti-tomato and basil."  As I started eating it, I realized that it was actually spicy and felt my lips burning.  Given that this is their signature dish, I expected to be blown away and I was not.  I feel that if the food is going to be spicy, they should let you know-this spaghetti certainly had more to it than simply tomato and basil.The next dish I had was the Stracci-which was their seafood pasta dish that on the night I was there included crab, shrimp, and lobster.  The seafood was laid out on top of thin ribbons of black and yellow pasta.  While the seafood was tasty, I thought the dish was somewhat unimaginative.Between these two pasta dishes and the bread that came out, which was fantastic, I was full and had to skip dessert.Would I go back to Scarpetta?  Probably not, especially when considering there are so many fine restaurants in Las Vegas and the fact that with tax and tip, I spent close to $90 just for one person.  At the end of the day, I thought that the food was good but I just expected a bit more.
5	I loved it here. The atmosphere was relaxed, the view of the strip was gorgeous, and the service was excellent.I had the casonsei which I highly recommend, especially if you're a vegetarian, and my boyfriend had the organic chicken. He said it was very juicy and full of flavor.For dessert, we had the zeppole. It was filled with nutella. That's all I have to say for you to know that you should get it.
4	First, I met Mike Tyson when I dined here! And we danced in the middle of the restaurant. So an extra star for that!Scarpetta is a beautiful restaurant. Beautiful Earth tones and a intoxicating view of the Bellagio fountains.Scarpetta is one of those fancy restaurants with menu items that no one really knows how to pronounce; needless to say, I just ordered and hoped for the best. And the results we're favorable!I could mention what I ate/ordered, but this place doesn't offer a fixed menu. It's seasonal and changes because your quality freshness. Everything that was order was amazing. There's a bread basket... I could have kept eating that and been a happy camper. There were several variations, my favorite was the stramboli (not the American version - I asked the server what it was because it was slap yo' mama good!), it's a combination of fresh bread and meat. It was a joygasm to the mouth! The bread basket is served with a fancy whipped butter, a roasted eggplant dip, and olive oil. I order the yellow tail app (which they always have) and it did not disappoint. Fresh and tasty! I ordered a pasta dish (no idea what, who, where, why, yaddda, yadda, insert fancy words and culture here) and it was flavorful and light. The portion size was perfect. Not too much or too little. Seriously, I don't think you take doggy bags from places like that.We ordered several desserts and they were all great and small enough to not get stuff and big enough to share. They have an extensive wine list and it covers an entire length of a wall. It's a pretty sight.The service was impeccable. Spot on. Courteous. Attentive.Overall, Scarpetta was de to the lish. If I could afford it, I would definitely go back in a minute! I yearn for you Stramboli. Definitely not your traditional Italian, but a great modern twist.
5	Scarpetta is just one of those restaurants in Vegas that you must check out. The atmosphere is quite different than the usual Vegas type (loud and filled with buzz) restaurants. Its romantic, intimate and just has a classy atmosphere. It was relaxing to have wonderful, kind servers there to help you choose a cocktail or a good mix of entrees. We went to celebrate a friends birthday, and let me tell you we have never eaten better. We ordered a few appetizers, entrees and were too full for dessert. I remember the veal entree being my favorite dish of the evening. Everything was on point from the presentations to flavors. I would say that the wine list was excellent but some of their cocktails are an acquired taste. The server was gracious enough to replace one of the drinks when asked. I cant wait to eat here again. A favorite for sure.
5	My husband and I went to Scarpetta on our recent anniversary trip.  It was amazing!  We started out with the scallops appetizer and it was great, delicious and cooked perfectly.  My husband had the spaghetti and I had the stracci.  Both dishes were delicious.  We ended the night with a gingerbread pear crisp with cinnamon ice cream.  Everything had was great.  To make the night even better, the service was the best we could ask for.  Our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable.  We will definitely be back when we go to Vegas again.
4	3.97 stars.After a long day traveling to Las Vegas via Los Angeles, we were hungry and ready to celebrate our rather short weekend in Sin City.  We were able to get a booth in the designated bar area that was a bit more casual than the beautiful main dinning room.  Oh "Little Shoe", how pretty you are.  Ambiance:  4 stars.  We started with a few appetizers:  The Beet Salad (2.5 stars) that my friend said was just okay and average at best; The Chestnut Soup (4 stars) was actually quiet nice and sort of like a bisque with nice chunks of pickled brussel sprouts that I usually never have, but really enjoyed; and The Braised Beef (3.5 stars) with fall root vegetables and faro risotto.One dinner entree was the Tagliatelle pasta (3.75 stars) with fall root vegetables, truffle zabaglione and guanciale (Italian bacon).  This was the lighter of our three dishes and came in 3rd place.  The runner up dish was the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli in a marsala reduction (5 stars!)  Wonderfully rich and decadent, like buttah!!!  We thought the best dish was the Short Rib Agnolotti (5 stars!) of brown butter horseradish.  A stellar dish that had such an intriguing zing of fresh horseradish.  Giddy up little doggie, giddy up!!Service was okay, a bit non existent initially and it took awhile to get two additional settings for our party of three; then ask for a missing bread dish.  Other than that, the waiter made his Italian wine recommendations that turned out to be not bad.  Service:  4 stars.Tally:  Ambiance:  4 stars  ("New Romantic" 80's music, a tad bit loud)Beet Salad:  2.5 starsChestnut Soup:  4 starsBraised Beef:  3.5 starsTagliatelle pasta:  3.75 starsDuck & Foie Gras ravioli:  5 stars!Short Rib Agnolotti:  5 stars!Service:  4 stars4+2.5+4+3.5+3.75+5+5+4= 31.75/8= 3.97 stars.
3	I wanted to give this place more stars. Interested to see how this place was since well the show Chopped haha. Run down of us: came here for a bachelorette party dinner, don't be fooled us girls love to eat.The atmosphere was nice and the drinks were good. It is kinda dressy so be prepared. The service was ok, and our particular server wasn't that attentive but I guess it was a busy night. On to the food we tried several dishes: 1. braised short ribs2. tagliatelle3. duck and foie gras ravioli4. short rib agnolottiThey were all decent, the pasta was good and the sauces were fine. I think my favorite was the duck and foie gras ravioli but it was super rich so I didn't eat much of it. I wanted to try more things but I was so full. Overall, it was a decent place and a good choice for a group dinner, but not sure if I would go there again.
5	Ate at Scarpetta's on a Wednesday night, week before New Year's so it wasn't packed, got seated by a really friendly hostess. Upon sitting down we were offered two types of water, nice touch. A few minutes later passed and we were greeted by the assistant manager Kelly, asked if this had been our first time and we replied yes. Knowing the Executive chef Dan Rossi, we were treated to having him select our food and then having his wine sommelier (Paulo) pair wines with each course. If you know very little about wines, like myself, I would highly recommend Paulo making the decisions for you, this guy is a master at his trade. Our wines complimented each course perfectly and it truly made the night one to remember. Trying to remember everything we ate would be a six page review so I'll just touch on a few must haves, not that we didn't thoroughly enjoy every dish, because everything was an orgasmic explosion of flavors on the tongue, but I'm going to keep this short and sweet. Polenta with a five mushroom ragu, unbelievable. Their signature spaghetti, out of this world. Ravioli's with Foie Gras and duck, I could have eaten 20. Some Carmel pudding dessert with this homemade salted Carmel toffee with crushed pretzels was insane. That was just a few of the fifteen things we got, also Fritto Misto, is a must. Basically your not going to go wrong with anything in this place, food is off the hook, service staff paid attention to every detail and the view of the Strip is the best. This will be on my stop every time I visit Vegas from here on out, period.
5	The final meal of our Vegas escapade was well spent at Scarpetta. It wasn't completely perfect but most of the night made up for the little missteps (we'll get to that later) so for the most part, I had nothing but a good time. Attentive service, rich indulgent food, all housed within an intimate space with gorgeous views of the Ballagio fountains, we closed our trip in pure hedonistic style.We started with some of their signature cocktails as we browsed the menu. Upon the recommendation from our fantastic server, and the joys of libation, we decided on the tasting menu ($99) and accompanying wine pairing ($49) since several of the dishes that we wanted to try were on it anyway and boy did we pick right. That was the beginning of six courses of pure pleasure.We started with a sashimi plate (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=YvhgCFf5CQSIopYC83uWwA) which consisted of yellowtail with a drizzle of ginger oil and red onions. The other half of the plate sat the tuna susci - tuna wrapped marinated vegetables. The fish was so fresh and the flavors were delicately balanced. The bread basket came shortly after and there was a nice selection including yummy foccacia and stromboli. As part of the tasting menu, the chef also threw in a couple of surprises and we were treated to a delightful seafood fritto misto for this course. Perfectly crispy fried but not oily, every bite was yummy and the rock shrimp just melted in my mouth.  The next course was a perfectly roasted sea scallop. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=06QYvnXBie8HfTnYKN4OBw) It was a joy to eat and the velvety salmoriglio sauce was a nice accompaniment to the sweet and juicy scallop. The chef's extra this course was a polenta with a truffle mushroom stew. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=gtRWGpR4xggHmw0rVryaNw) For the record I hate cornmeal and thus hate grits, tamales, and polenta. Yet, I could not stop eating this polenta. The flavors of the mushroom stew combine with the impeccably smooth polenta. (I suspect there's a whole lot more butter in it than what Chef Scott Conant lets on) It was a nice double headliner with the scallop. Next up was the pasta course and Chef Conant's signature tomato & basil spaghetti. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=JQRLJQ4G8BgIzxS0bC8Bow) Fresh made pasta in a simple tomato basil (+ quarter stick of butter) sauce but just perfectly executed. While I thoroughly enjoyed it, the chef's extra this course, the short rib agnolotti with brown butter horseradish & toasted breadcrumb (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=wzfcOlEkTVylois628h_Ag), totally blew my mind. Wow who would have thought that the combination of short ribs, horseradish, and toasted breadcrumbs could be so sublime? I miss it already as I speak. The next course was the black cod. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=2TmOcEavT5T4aeu8J6ItRA) Again perfectly seared but wonderfully moist in the middle. The fatty fish absolutely stands out against the sauce and caramelized fennel. Delicious. The next entree course was a the duck breast. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=BR1FRH72URaVJtrhiq6w-A) While this was my least favorite dish of the night, it was still absolutely delicious which tells you the quality of the food all night. The orange and spices (I kept picking up 5 spice) worked well with gamy duck. All in all, a successful combination. Final course and dessert was a chocolate cake with toasted almond gelato and caramel. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0NmTwqYEQiKErDv4a55obg?select=uDi5aPZQgQwUQcGjVUkoSg) This is where I really had to throw in the towel after all that eating. The chocolate cake was really rich and decadent and I could only finish half of it but I just couldn't let the toasted almond gelato go to waste. It was just delicious. You can totally taste the toasted flavor. Now on to the kink of the night. Since we were seated by the wine cellar, the sommelier came by several times to retrieve bottles of wine. Each single time, he let the door hit me as I was eating without even acknowledging it, much less apologize. Not that it was a deal breaker but you expect a little more basic courtesy especially when you're dropping good money on dinner. Still for a wonderfully decadent meal paired with friendly and attentive service, we had a good time and I strongly recommend Scarpetta if you want to treat yourself to a fine meal on the strip.
5	Scott conant really is a genius. Service was attentive and part of the overall amazing experience. Matthew was our server and was incredible. Tuna "suchi", fritto misto, spaghetti, duck and foie GRAS ravioli were all outstanding dishes. We will definitely be coming back.
5	ONE WORD: SPAGHETTI. No, FOUR WORDS: Tomato and Basil Spaghetti. Man, the spaghetti was out of this world. Never have I eaten spaghetti as good as Scarpetta's. Sure, it was just a simple dish but based on the flavor, the texture, and it's overall simplicity, it just exponentially made it better than any pasta dishes that I've ever had. And I'm definitely not exaggerating. But then again, I've never been to Italy.Seriously though, if you come here, at least get this dish. You will not regret it. I promise. Oh, and the bread basket is excellent as well. Fight your friends and grab the piece of bread with the cured meats on it... it's fantastic.
5	simple elegant food. I would recommend this place to the most discerning of palates! The scallop was perfectly seasoned and cooked. The Spaghetti was simple but addicting! The short agnolotti was super flavorful and the Tagliatelle with root veggies was absolutely devine!
5	Wow. What a place. We arrived about 20 minutes before our reservation early, and we were seated immediately.  Our server was very knowledgable, and cheerful. The wine list has everything from a $65 bottle up to some rare things that are well over $10,000. Honestly, the food was amazing. Between the three of us, we had a pasta dish, a veal dish, and a duck dish. All of them cooked perfectly, and they melted in your mouth. Dessert was just as good - if not better. All of the food, and the decor is made even more complete by the view. From our table, we had a gorgeous view of the fountains at the Bellagio.While you can go overboard on price, three of us were able to get out of there with a bill under $300. We will definitely recommend this place to our friends, and willbe back again in the future.
4	Great Italian food in an even better setting.  View of the strip while dining on indulgent pasta?  Yes, please.  The bread they serve before dinner is worth it alone haha. You just can't go wrong.
5	Amazing .... Wow
5	The bread basket alone would bring me back! That stromboli is amazing! I love salami and bread, so put the two together.....FUGGETABOUTIT!We had the tasting menu: - Duo of Yellowtail and Tuna "Susci": melt in your mouth delicious!- Roasted Sea Scallops, Cauliflower, Bottarga, Chili and Caper Salmoriglio: Sea scallops can be rubbery and chewy if not cooked properly, but at Scarpetta, they were cooked to perfection. They had the consistency of flaky, firm fish and the roasted cauliflower was a perfect pairing.- Spagetti Tomato Basil - simple and good, but not memorable.- Black Cod, Caramelized Fennel & Concentrated Tomatoes - The fish was nice and flakey and the tomatoes added a nice acidity to the fish. I'm not a fan of fennel as they are too "licorice-y" in flavor for my taste.- Spiced Duck Breast, Endive, Preserved Orange and Cippollini - DELICIOUS! I love duck, but I hate when its not cooked properly or tastes overly fatty. This was a perfect balance. The preserved orange cut through the richness of the duck. Yum!- Amedei Chocolate Cake & Toasted Almond Gelato - Toasted almond gelato & salted caramel sauce. SELF EXPLANATORY....IT WAS HEAVEN!What made this experience special was that the chef brought out a few mini appetizers with every dish served, so it was like having an "extended" tasting menu. He brought out:- CRISPY FRITTO MISTO - seafood, vegetables, artichokes, herbs & lemon- CREAMY POLENTA - fricassee of truffled mushrooms: By far my favorite dish at Scarpetta. Upon first glance, it looks like it would be too heavy and rich, but it was AMAZING!- SHORT RIB AGNOLOTTI - brown butter horseradish & toasted breadcrumb.- ZEPPOLE - nutella center, vanilla sauce and candied hazelnuts. Need I say more?I loved the ambiance and service of this restaurant. We were seated by the window facing the fountains of Bellagio. A beautiful place to take someone on a date!
4	Four of us had dinner here 2 weeks ago--much anticipation given the Chef behind the restaurant!Host staff was very pleasant--we were seated immediately at our table which had a decent view of the water-show at neighboring Bellagio.  The adult beverages were VERY good, and wait staff was excellent and well-informed about the menu.  One of our party was newly enamored of a drink she had previously had at the Chandelier bar at this same hotel--they did not have this drink at Scarpetta--but our waiter discussed it with the bartender and they came up with an excellent version of the cocktail--which may have surpassed the original!I agree with the prior comments about the bread basket--the bread with the salami was the best thing we ate all night.We ordered many things off of the menu--from the basic spaghetti to the seafood pasta--all of it was served very quickly and at proper temperature, etc, and presentation was great.   The pasta portion of the seafood pasta was overdone, but the rest of the meals were very good (though nothing I would say we had to go back for, except that bread!).Desert was basic and boring--nothing exciting.Overall the ambience was great--excellent place for date night, drinks, and decent food.
5	I'm SO happy to write this review. My husband and I had an incredible dinner at Scarpetta to celebrate our one year anniversary, this past September. The food was perfect - we had the creamy polenta with truffle mushrooms (my favorite dish, by far. Ever. In my whole life), spaghetti (classic and wonderful - I've never had fresh pasta before, and I was in heaven!) and I think the other dish we had was a ravioli of some kind (I can't be sure, because I was in a complete state of oblivion from my polenta and spaghetti). Either way, it was ALL fabulous.Besides the incredible food, the service was fantastic. Our server was so sweet and helpful. The view was amazing. AND, at the end of the night - because I'd told my server about how much I loved head chef/owner Scott Conant (my favorite Food Network guy/Chopped judge!) - he had Scott himself come over to our table to take a picture with us (and he was so great!).It was the BEST night :) Thank you to Scott Conant and Scarpetta for a wonderful dining experience.
5	The fois gras ravioli are as good as they sound. The ambience is a bit strange, but the food more than makes up for it and the service is very attentive.
5	Excellent restaurant.  Rounding my 4.5 stars up to 5.Sexy ambiance.  Lovely, low lighting and a fabulous view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip.  Absolutely beautiful service.  Our server and every runner and busser were friendly and classy.  Attentive but completely unobtrusive.  Perfect.The delicious meal started with their bread basket.  All of the breads and accompaniments (mascarpone butter, citrus olive oil and caponata) were great, especially the Stromboli.  That was certainly a nice surprise!We started with the Yellowtail which was well-seasoned.  I loved the little crystals of flavored salt.    My guy had the Stracci, a wide, flat pasta served with seafood.  Very delicious and simple.  I had the foie and duck ravioli which was pretty amazing.  Both dishes were very light on sauce, which I enjoyed.The desserts were very good as well.  Man-friend had the chocolate cake with almond gelato.  Very tasty.  My mocha cheesecake was absolutely delicious.Great restaurant for a sexy date.
5	Our 10th Anniversary/Valentine's Day celebration dinner was perfect, thanks to our wonderful meal at Scarpetta Tuesday night.  I made a reservation at Scarpetta for Valentine's Day based on great reviews, a great Chef running the place, and the fact it wasn't overly pricey.  I am so glad I choose this gem!  The restaurant decor is so lovely and romantic.  We were sat next to the window overlooking the Belagio fountains... how perfect!  My Husband's view was somewhat blocked, but we really enjoyed the atmosphere.The food is great.  We absolutely LOVED the bread basket with dipping sauces.  Each was great in their own way, but the butter and eggplant was awesome.  The stromboli (included in the bread basket) was literally to die for.  We shared the short rib appetizer, which was small, but tasty.  This was our least favorite thing we ate, but it was still really good.  For our entree we shared the duck and foie gras ravioli.... it took my breath away!  It was so rich and delicious- I will be thinking about this one for awhile.  For dessert we had the zeppolis, which were a great way to end a fabulous meal.We loved this restaurant and love the vibe in the cosmopolitan.  We'll be back for sure!
5	We went there for my fathers 70th birthday celebration. It was beyond delicious! We had the creamy polenta for an appetizer and it was to die for! We could not get enough! Then we had the spaghetti with basil and it was the best spaghetti I have ever tasted in my life. The sauce was beyond. The service was amazing, as was the lighting and the ambiance. This is a must go to restaurant for all who are looking for an amazing supper.
5	I booked our table on opentable.com and was thrilled to see we were sat at the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains. We found the waitstaff to be friendly and knowledgable. My husband and I both ordered the tasting menu, with my husband enjoying the wines to go with his. The waiters did a wonderful job explaining each dish and spacing out the time between each course. We loved every course, but the one we cannot stop thinking about is the pasta with tomato sauce and basil. I know it sounds simple, but believe me it is simply delicious. I recommend having the tasting menu, but if you do not want to splurge then order the pasta, you won't be sorry.
3	The wife and I were in Vegas on vacation and her younger cousin and his GF were in town the same week so we wanted to take them out to a nice dinner.  I didn't have a chance to check out Scarpetta when I was last here in November, so this seemed like a perfect time.  The room is absolutely beautiful, and we were lucky enough to get seated near a window, so we could also watch the Bellagio Fountain show at the same time.  I was thinking, this night is going to be perfect right......maybe not.  So the server comes to take our drink order.  I'm a simple guy, so I just ordered a Miller Lite.......he kind of looks at me and is like " Bud ".  I'm like ok, nevermind.  Can I get a Stella instead?  He's like Yup.  I'm like.... ok.  Then he leaves and the busser brings over the bread basket full of win~!  The bread was a salami roll, as well as some Focaccia, and what looked like some french baguette.  The busser really explained the different condiments they had for the bread well.  He had a thick accent, so it was a little difficult to understand, but he did a nice job explaining it.  He left and our server came back with the beer....a Bud.  I'm like...seriously, I just told you  Stella?  Then my wife's cousin asks him a bit about the condiments (mascarpone, some eggplant tapenade, and some olive oil) and if there is a certain one that is recommended for the different breads.   He's like I don't know, they're all good.  I'm like....seriously?  Then we get around to ordering our Apps and entrees.  We started with the braised shortribs and the fritto misto.....both were great.  The shortribs were very tender and flavorful.  The fritto misto,was crunchy and not oily either.  We then ordered our entrees. My wife and her cousin ordered the Short rib agnolotti, the cousins GF ordered the Lamb loin.  Haha, we could already tell how our waiter was, so for fun, she asked him how the Lamb was.  You would think at a nicer upscale restaurant like this, he would boast about the preparation, or the sauce, or how tender the meat was......nope.  When she asked how it was, he said "good."  Really?  I thought restaurants made money by putting crap on the menu?  Anyways, back to lucky old me.  I asked the waiter about the Spaghetti with Basil (which is what lots of people rave about) or the Stracci.  He was like it's ok, but it's kind of plain.  Not sure if he was trying to upsell me, but I don't know if Scott Conant would appreciate one of his servers calling his food plain.  Anyways, I took his advice and order the Stracci.  Or did I?  Because even if I ordered the Stracci, that's not what was placed in front of me when the rest of the order came around.  I looked at the guy and was like "didn't I tell you Stracci?"  Oh, I'm not sure, let me check.  Seriously?  What the hell, can this really be happening.  Anyways, I waited patiently like a fool, while everybody else ate.  To Scarpetta's defense, all the entrees were really good and flavorful, just the guy serving us needed a clue.  We moved on to dessert and ordered the chocolate cake (a bit too heavy for me), the coconut panna cotta (awesome!), and the cheesecake (light, airy, completely delicious).  The waiter comped us an order of Zeppole's for his lack of service, and it too was great.  Overall, I was just disappointed that the service was so poor.  I was REALLY looking forward to having a wonderful night with family and friends, but it ended up just being ok.  Too bad
5	While looking for a place to have dinner, I only needed to read 5 words to convince me to try this place out.  Those five magical words were "duck and fois gras ravioli."  Umm...yes please!  So with little hesitation we called in for a reservation and I excitedly awaited dinner time.Once we arrived at Scarpetta, we noticed that the decor was nice but not stuffy.  The people in the dining area seemed to be enjoying themselves and the view overlooking the Bellagio fountain just added to the overall ambiance of the restaurant.  The ambiance and decor definitely work well to add to the dining experience at this restaurant.The service was also another thing that was nice and attentive but not overly intrusive.  They were very quick to take our drink orders and were quick to come back once they noticed we were ready to order.  They also did a great job of explaining all the complimentary breads and butters as well as fielding any other question we had.  Now for the important part, the food.  Here's a quick break down of what we had:Complimentary Bread:Ordinarily I wouldn't even mention this.  I mean, there are some restaurants that give you some phenomenally good bread but here is the thing that puts Scarpetta above and beyond those other places.  The stromboli!  Holy moly this thing is good.  Bread baked around cheese and pepperoni (I think it was pepperoni) was just so good.  I honestly could have had this for dinner and I would've have been completely happy.Appetizers:Tuna Susci -   Assorted marinated veggies and preserved truffles wrapped in tuna.  I suppose this was the chef's interpretation of a sushi roll but I have to say that it just fell flat.  I mean with truffle and tuna in the mix I am still scratching my head as to how this couldn't be good, but it just wasn't.  It was bland and under-seasoned.  My recommendation, don't get it.Beet Salad - Pretty much what you expect of a beet salad.  A great assortment of different beets with pumpkin seeds and stracciatella cheese with a balsamic dressing, it was refreshing and delicious.Braised Short Ribs of Beef - This was by far my favorite appetizer.  The short rib was succulent and delicious.  Bedded on root veggies and risotto, this in a larger portion would make an amazing entree, let alone an outstanding appetizer.Entree:Indulge me for just a second while I draw a perverted metaphor.  If dinner were a porno, the bread was the nasty making out, the appetizers the foreplay, then the duck and fois gras ravioli would be the money shot.  Goodness sakes alive this is one delicious pasta.  A nice big plate of perfectly cooked ravioli with a drizzle of marsala reduction; these decadent little bites were heaven in tiny little pockets of pasta.  If you like duck and fois gras, this is a must!Overall, I had a great meal here.  I thought the prices were reasonable for Vegas fine dining, the ambiance great, the service spot on, and the food was just phenomenal.  Honestly, if I hadn't gotten the tuna susci appetizer, this would have been just about the perfect meal, but even the susci couldn't dissuade me from giving Scarpetta a well deserved 5 stars.  Bravo!
5	The most expensive spaghetti I've ever eaten. But the BEST I've ever eaten. Don't be fooled by the baseball-sized portion. It fills you up (must be the carbs..mmm..). Handmade noodles cooked PERFECTLY al dente and the clean and fresh sauce.. Their polenta is delicious as well.. And pretty much all their bread with their little accompaniments. It's carb heaven.But heard the duck ravioli sucked. Just saying.
5	One of those places where you will stare at the menu over and over and still not be quite sure what you are ordering, yet at the very same time, still have it be one of the best meals you will ever consume. The ambiance to begin with, is just gorgeous. You almost can't help but to feel up the soft, velvety walls as you watch the Bellagio fountains go off. Service, as expected is excellent. And of course the food, wow. From the delicious variety of bread to the spaghetti, as well as the steak were to die for. What most impressed me, were their portions. It seems as if they know exactly how much a person requires to eat to feel satisfied. For a pasta dish like the spaghetti, you think you are getting a small amount, but take that fork and start eating, and you'll realize that there are endless amount of noodles within that little bowl.Now, I know that there is a Scarpetta here in LA, but on this lucky night we actually got to eat food prepared by the famous chef Scott Conant himself. I don't know if that makes a big difference or not but after finding out he was our chef, it definitely justified the perfection of our meals.
5	Good: EVERYTHING!Bad: NOTHING!Swear this is the best food I have eaten in a VERY LONG TIME! The dinner breads were great and had a good variety. The pepperoni stromboli bread could've been a meal alone.For appetizers we had the Braised Short Ribs, Raw Yellowtail, and Beet Salad. The short ribs were tender, flavorful, cooked perfectly, and had a good portion size. The yellowtail was fresh and so tasty with the pickeled red onion, LOVED IT! As for the beet salad, the best I have ever eaten. (Period).Entrees included the signature spaghetti (I will perfect this at home!), Duck & Foie Gras ravioli, and the 24 oz Ribey. The spaghetti was perfect, amazing, simple, delicious, and awesome. Our ribeye was cooked and seasoned so well, I was glad to get the last piece! The Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli...heaven in your mouth with blessings from on high...I have never been so pleased and I spent the longest time enjoying this dish.For Dessert, we had the Crispy Sweet Risotto Crepes. These were surprisingly good and the sorbet was AWESOME! Perfect way to end the meal.I have been thinking about the Duck Foie Gras ravioli DAILY for the past 4 weeks, you have to try them.
5	I'd have to agree with the other reviews on how amazing this place was. service was top notch. food was fantastic. drinks were delish! definitely exceeded my expectations of food, service, and beautiful view of the strip and bellagio fountains. Drinks: the bartender knows how to make his drinks. my sister got the berry smash which was made with fresh fruit. very yummy! not too sweet and just the right amount of fruity. I got an old fashion. I've been searching las vegas for the best old fashion and this place wasn't too bad. only thing lacking was a cherryFood: 1) braised short ribs with root veggie and risotto- the risotto was a perfect pairing for this dish. it was super delish! if the meat was tender enough to cut with a fork i would say perfect. don't get me wrong it was still tender, but i think this dish would be PERFECT if it were just a tad more tender2) sushi slices- pass on the raw fish. save room for the other stuff (good and fresh but there is so much other stuff to try)3) roasted scallop- I'd have to say this was my fave of the night. i have a thing about scallops. they always seem to disappoint. but SW at the Wynn and Scarpetta have won me over with these amazing scallops. YUMMMMMM4) polenta with truffle mushroom- i love mushrooms and this went perfect with the polenta. it came in two separate pots that you would mix together. super fab. it seems like an odd side dish for the food but GET IT ANYWAY!Pastas:5) spaghetti with tomato and basil- i wasn't impressed by this basic spaghetti that a lot of yelpers raved about. but the noodles were really good. home made noodles a little bit chewy and more dense than the standard spaghetti noodle you make at home6) duck and foie gras ravioli- i'm not a big fan of foie gras but everyone at the table loved this dish. they said it was the best pasta dish we got.7) stracci- lobster, crab, shrimp, and basil- this was my fav pasta dish. it was bursting with flavor. the shellfish was perfectly delicious. MUST TRY8) lamb- my goodness this was the best lamb i ever had. if i didn't know any better i wouldn't even have known i was eating lamb. there was almost zero gamey taste that is commonly associated with lamb. YUMMMMMMdessert:we had about 4 desserts. but the best i think was the gingerbread pear crisp. get a little side of gelato/ice cream. it was so good. i was stuffed to the brim at this point but i had to have more!we also had some fish but i would go with the other amazing food rather than the fish dish. would love to come back here. its quite expensive but also quite yummy. my tummy was more than satisfied when i left :)
4	I tried the tasting menu with wine pairing and I nearly died from how full I became.  I ordered the tasting menu because I was unsure about what to chose from the menu - there were quite a few dishes I was torn between and I decided to just give them all a shot since a lot of the items i wanted to try was on the tasting menu.The food and wine pairing was a great experience.  The service was impeccable - they gave me extra dishes to sample in addition to my tasting menu.  The fresh made potato chips sitting at the bar was also a temptation that I kept on coming back for.  The stand out dishes I tried that night were:Polenta - wow, never had I had polenta as silky as this before.  The mushrooms and sauce were perfect with the polenta.  I savored every bit of it.Spaghetti - this definitely hit the spot.  The noodles were hand made and the sauce was quite simple, but elegant.  A very simple dish but I was in love with it.Short Rib Agnolotti - The first few bites were surprising, but what I loved about it would be the kick the horseradish that was in the sauce gave it.  Each bit teased my tongue and I couldn't help but go back for seconds!Spiced Duck Breast - My favorite dish from all of the ones I tried that night.  The duck breast was very tender, had a bit of au jus in them and didn't have a game-y taste to it.  The duck breast was cooked to perfection, with the meat being so very tender and the skin having a bit of a crunch to it and the endive and sauce went so well with it.  It was a lovely dining experience.  I wouldn't mind coming again and ordering one of these delightful dishes a la cart.
5	From the moment you walked into my life,Everything felt so right.From the moment I looked into your eyes,I knew I had to make you mine...at SCARPETTA! - Jason Chen (solo player original)The service here is out of this world. Everyone greets you so warmly, not just your own waiter. The view of the strip is spectacular as well. The different types of bread and dipping thingies that they give u complimentary to start the meal was pretty amazing. The duck and foie gras ravioli was really special, really filling (in a good way) and the taste of the filling wasn't overpowered by the sauce reduction. No room for dessert unfortunately although the menu looks pretty simple. Great meal and not at all expensive. If i lived in vegas, i'd come back many times. Try it!Food: 5 stars --- Service: 5 stars --- Atmosphere: 4.5 stars --- Price(value): 5 stars
5	Warning, this beautiful restaurant is in the Cosmopolitan which is a pretentious somewhat tacky casino/hotel. Except for the hostess, who seemed a little  "too cool" for the guests, the staff gets an A+ for service. Titus was our main waiter but there were two other gentlemen who were on the spot and very kind.  We had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains as well. The warm bread basket with a variety of breads (foccacia, stromboli, etc) was served with a 3 different types of dips (an eggplant thing, olive oil, and butter) and they were all so delicious. We started our meals with a shared Beet salad and polenta. To say the polenta was AMAZING would not give it enough credit. It was creamy and consistent, topped with truffled mushrooms, garlic, and sauce. The serving was large enough to share. I could have had another serving of the polenta and been quite happy and full. The beet salad was crisp and came with a generous serving of gooey cheese (stracciatella), pumpkin seeds and balsamic dressing.  It was fresh and tasty.  My friend and I shared the Duck and foie Gras Ravioli and Short Rib Agnolotti. My friend loved the Ravioli and loved the marsala reduction. I felt the duck and foie gras had a weird texture and I didn't care much for it. But that could have been a mental thing since I have opinions about foie gras practices. The sauce was delicious however and perfect for dipping some bread into. I wasn't sure what to expect with the Short Rib. It was small rib pieces in noodle wrapping covered with breadcrumbs (?), brown butter and horseradish. Whoa the horseradish was strong but so delicious! If I hadn't filled up with polenta and bread, I could have finished my plate. It was so delicious. But if you find horseradish to be strong or can only tolerate a little, skip this meal! There wasn't any room for the dessert. But the options looked tempting. Oh I forgot we had Moscato de' Asti that complimented the meal throughout. The price seemed fair for the quality and service. One of the most delicious meals I have ever had.
3	Owner Scott Conant (the dude from Chopped) hates raw onions. Therefore, I don't trust him... half kiddingI think Scarpetta is more like 4 stars, but I knocked off a star because our party definitely felt a little sick after eating here. Maybe it was an off day (we think it's from the cheese in the potatoes of a side dish).Undeniably a beautiful spot to eat. The large windows display the neighboring Bellagio water fountain show, where my girlfriends and I packed into one side of the booth, so we could watch and eat at the same time.Oysters West Coast - good, fresh raw oysters. I loved the horseradish sauce that came with it, and a gravy boat of tabasco was brought to us upon requestStracci - a flat noodle pasta with lobster, crab, shrimp. There were generous portions of seafood and the pasta and tasted creamy/good.Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli - I actually have to go against the hype to say that it was just okay, and not that great. The dish was a tad bit colder than luke warm, and just the richness of the foie gras/drier duck made it hard to finish the whole dish. Maybe a couple bites and I was pretty much done with it :-PBlack Cod - So soft and melted in my mouth (I think I ate a cloud..). Ribeye of Beef 24 oz - For $62, this had better been some good ribeye. Although I know that Scarpetta doesn't specialize in steak, I thought it was a bit overpriced for it being standard and nothing special.  Even though it was medium-rare, the steak was still a tad tough.**don't fill up on the bread** Scarpetta has fantastic bread. The bread basket had 3-4 different kinds of breads, one of them being a melted roll of salami and cheese (a meal itself). And the bread came with mascarpone butter (LOVE), eggplant dip, and olive oilOne of the better restaurants in the Cosmo. Did anybody realize the restaurants in the City Center area (Cosmopolitan, Vdara, Aria) are not that great? Hmmm
5	Yum, Yum, Yum! I really enjoyed this restaurant. The decor was very sleek and we were seated next to a window with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains. We started off with the orgasmic Raw Yellowtail as an appetizer. As an entree i had Stracci which was pasta with lobster, crab, shrimp and basil breadcrumbs. It was very light yet flavorful. The ambiance was quiet and intimate, perfect for a romantic dinner and conversation. The service was not memorable not extremely attentive. It was just okay, but the view, ambiance, and food outweigh the lack of service.
4	If you go here at night, make sure you get a good view of the Bellagio fountains because that's half the experience of going here. The other half is the delicious ham and cheese bread they give you. I probably could have just eaten that for a meal.Anyway, food came out a little slow. The duck and foie gras ravioli was indeed salty as another reviewer mentioned. I did enjoy the short rib agnolotti though. Not sure if I've ever tasted anything like it before.
4	The BF and I had trouble deciding where to go for our anniversary and he had put me to the task of finding a place with a scallop appetizer and a solid light white fish entree and Scarpetta won out in our short lists of places that fit the bill. I love the 50's low lights and bold dark wood grain used in the restaurant. We were seated by the windows to witness a rainy and moody sky (which I happen to like). People said this is a nice view...but there is a large partition on the windows and it happens to be at eye level.  I cant see the water, only the top of the spray of the Bellagio show. It defeated the purpose a little bit....STARTERSWe started off with the raved about bread basket. There was a stromboli in there rolled with cheeses and salami that was delicious. If I could order that at the lounge I would. There was also sourdough slice, a bread roll, 2 herbed foccacia squares. They give a trio of butter, a eggplant caponata and citrus infused oil. Caponata was lovely and all the bread was warm, soft and nicely crusty.ROASTED SEA SCALLOPS- which they split onto two presentations for each of us to have one. It was a very fresh scallop, nicely seared. There was a light spice that came through as you chewed it, capers and bottarga on top gave some briny flavor, micro green some bitterness and salmoriglio made for a nice creamy sauce to it. It was served on top of a steak of cauliflower that was nicely roasted. DUCK AND FOIE GRAS RAVIOLI with marsala reduction - was one I was very curious about since many rave about this and the spaghetti. I've had the spaghetti before in LA (and did not weep) and now that I actually know the Scarpetta recipe and have replicated it, I wanted to know if something else was rave worthy. This was tasty, but it was just a bit TOO rich for such a big plate of it.  Some may love a whole heap, but I'm glad it was split as a appetizer...and still there was too many for us. We're freegetarians ( semi vegetarians) and don't really have many rich foods since switching over to the dark side..ENTREEMEDITERRANEAN BRANZINO - Came with 2 nice sized filets with nicely crisp skin and beautifully flaky meat. If came with a bed of braised leeks, celery root, shrimps, clams and mussels and had a seafood broth reduction as a sauce so it was very clean, sea flavors going on here.BLACK COD - fish was nice and buttery, with a herbaceous,somewhat anise tasting, tomato glaze and micro chives. It had caramelized fennel & roasted tomato to go with. I've always had black cod aka butterfish in a Asian preparation so this was interesting to try something different. The BF preferred the Branzino and so did I.DESSERT ZEPPOLE - with nutella center, vanilla sauce & candied hazelnuts was divine. These were rich pillows of heaven. I love zeppoles and beignets of all kinds and this is among the best I've had. Will come back. Just for these. BROWN BUTTER HAZELNUT CAKE - the name makes it sound like it would be more brown buttery cakey thing, but it truly was more about the lemon curd, meringue. I'm slowly growing to like lemon desserts and this was good enough to make me believe in it. It had olive oil gelato & candied hazelnuts to go which gave a light savory aspect to it. This was a great choice to balance out the zeppole since those were just dense and this was bright. Service was decent. There was a mixup with the kitchen and our appetizers went to the wrong table at first, back to the kitchen and eventually to us. Service cleared plates and refilled drinks quite frequently and checked on us. A little weird note but in the area we were seated the chef was coming around and talking to tables and even serving one of the tables around us. I guess good that there are regulars but found little awkward as well. It was a solid choice for dinner and went home happy. I see they have a vegetarian menu and have a nice lounge area so I would consider coming back for a snack there and those zeppoles...I don't know if I would do a "all out" dinner here again though.The night after our dinner here we went to a establishment off strip and the flavor and quality was on par with better prices, vibe and surpasses in service. Overall, Scott Conants place is solid for the Strip and I'm glad it is here, but it was surprisingly not the star of our weekend.
4	Even though I live in NYC, I've never dined at Scarpetta in NYC.  Very much enjoyed Scarpetta in Las Vegas in the Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  I was dining solo, and was seated at the best table in the restaurant with a perfect view of the Bellagio Fountains that are splendid.  The stromboli in the bread basket is delicious!  Loved the duck and foie gras ravioli with marsala.  Very generous portion.  The main course of duck with endive was very good (very soft), but I've had better duck dishes (Le Cirque and Robuchon in LV).  The zeppoles were a bit overdone (too dark) and there was too much nutella filling.
5	THE BEST MEAL IN LAS VEGAS. The beau is a Italian food snob and he is so picky about Italian food since he lived there for six months previously.  The bread basket is wonderful and so full of options. We could have gotten full just eating that. We had the hamachi which was so fresh and melted in your mouth.  The highlight of the meal was the DUCK AND FOIE GRAS RAVIOLI. Yes I just said that, and it was the most beautiful pasta I've had in my life. The pasta was so fresh and light, cooked perfectly. The filling was creamy and decadent. I want to go back just for that.  The service was impeccable as well.
4	The boyfriend has been pining for this restaurant after hearing about their amazing spaghetti. Also, after finding out that the man behind the restaurant is a judge from The Food Network's Chopped, I was sold.The food did not disappoint. We had the yellow tail as an appetizer, then the famed spaghetti and the sirloin. We decided we were going to share everything and the kitchen was actually nice enough to split each dish so that it was presented on two separate plates to us. Each plate looked exactly as it would if it were the full portion. To top that off, they didn't even charge a splitting fee like so many restaurants usually would! That is what I call spectacular service. I'm a sucker for bread and their bread basket had me half full before we even ordered! The bread filled with salami and cheese was the favorite. It came with 3 dipping sauces, a marscapone cheese, tomato with eggplant, and a citrus oil. I thought the best combination was the citrus oil with the tomato and eggplant. The yellow tail was fresh and had a nice chili kick to it. There were small chunks of rock salt that added a little crunch. It came with 4 slices of yellow tail, which was actually more than we expected.The spaghetti lives up to its reputation. It was beautifully presented, swirled up into a pile and they uncover the plate right in front of you. The sauce is perfectly seasoned and the tomatoes still have a slight acidity. The pasta itself is cooked al dente and they're beautifully thick spaghetti noodles. I had to eat this one noodle at a time so I could make it last as long as possible. The sirloin was cooked to our liking, but it was a bit chewy. We both loved the vegetables that came underneath it. There were carrots, mushrooms, potatoes, and probably some others and they were all so good!At the last minute, we decided to get the amedei chocolate cake with the almond gelato and salted caramel sauce. The gelato was my favorite part of the plate, although it looked partly melted by the time it got to the table. The chocolate cake was like a lava cake, where the middle is still fudge like. It could have been warmer. I thought the plate could use more of the gelato and almond gelato to balance out how rich the chocolate is. Also, the bf ordered a coffee and it came with refills! One complaint is that we were seated along the wine fridge and someone would come by every once in a while and just open it up behind us. Having the chilled refrigerator air interrupt a nice meal isn't the most fun. But if you are seated by the window, there is an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains.For the price, it was actually a good amount of food and it is quality food. I really cannot wait for the spaghetti again. When I eat my jarred Preggo tomato sauce, I'll be fantasizing about the spaghetti here.
4	Good, real good.  Had the short rib risotto and crab, shrimp, lobster pasta.  The waiter said that the portions would be really small, European sizes, and he recommended to order a couple of things if you were hungry.Well our group was hungry...But after ordering the short rib risotto and seafood pasta dish, I was beyond stuffed.  I would have been completely satisfied with ordering just the seafood pasta.Talk about overselling, but I don't think he meant to do that...who knows!It's expensive, but Vegas in general is expensive.  If you're looking for a great meal but don't mind spending the $$$ then you should check this place out.  While their menu isn't extremely extensive I think it has a little something for everyone.
5	We decided to try a new restaurant in Las Vegas and I'm glad I did. This place has it all..the food, service, View and add a good bottle of wine with great company now that's the way to live. I ordered the west coast oysters which are fresh and so delicious and the black cod which is done to perfection. My friend had the spaghetti in which I tried and it was amazing. I'm not a spaghetti fan so that tells you a lot. I also noticed that they have gluten free options on the menu that is rare in las Vegas restaurants. I will definitely go back if the budget allows it.
3	Happy B-Day to ME!!!Okay we decide to do vegas for my bday and I've been wanting to try out this place.  My good work friend of mine recommended it...shout out to Frank M. for the recommendation.So I completely forget it's in vegas cause i'm a guy and have the attention span of a 2 year old.  But the wifey thinks of everything and yes I know I'm lucky and yes I tell her frequently.We ordered:Bread Basket - Wow!  GREAT START!  Creamy Polenta - Magical buttery love potion.  Add to anything to make it better.  You can put this on cardboard and enjoy.Roasted Sea Scallops - Cooked to utter perfection.  Texture was great.  Had a hint of fish to it but I loved it.Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli - Although I have an extreme love of Foie Gras, this dish was just okay for me.  The texture and temperature of the Ravioli didn't mesh well with the Foie and it just clashed.  I had high hopes for this one.Spaghetti - This was supposed to be my highlight.  I even went online and made this dish based on raves I've heard about it.  I have to say I wasn't impressed.  The spaghetti noodles were too thick and didn't have that homemade taste or texture to it.  It was served too cold for my taste as well.  Maybe the size of our group affected my experience here.  VERY SAD MOMENT when it hit my palette.  I probably should have asked them to redo it but the vodka had already soaked in and my enthusiasm was curbed.Black Cod - Just a fish on a dish.  Flavors were okay but this didn't do much for me at all.My worst fears had materialized.  The moment when you start so fast in the direction of brilliance just to be let down along the way.  I wouldn't say it was a complete let down as the dishes were all pretty well put together, however, that's all it was.  Great shit thrown on a plate...I didn't feel inspired...I wasn't brought anywhere...I was just at a restaurant in Vegas eating with my hot wife and a group of great friends.  It would have made the night perfection if the experience matched the bill.*Thanks wifey for the extremely thought-filled dinner plan - You're loved*
4	We ate here for Valentine's Day last year and loved it. Part of the dining room has a view of the Bellagio fountains and made the evening a little more special. No problems with any staff and the whole restaurant seemed to operate very smoothly even though the restaurant was packed for the holiday. Everything we ordered was fabulous and we really enjoyed ourselves. This was a fun and intimate dinner and I'd definitely go back here another time.
5	Came here for a girl's weekend out. What a great experience! Scarpetta is located on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It's quite swanky, so you will want to dress up so you don't stick out like a sore thumb. The ambience is classy /sophisticated. The lighting is a bit dark, but that's why this is a great set up for looking out the window at night to see the Bellagio water show. It's a great place to take a date or to just have a "let's get dressed up cuz we can" night out with the girls.We had a reservation, so we were seated immediately. May I just mention that the service here is magnificent. There was just the three of us, but they still sat us in a huge booth that can easily sit 6 people. It's a circular booth, so I was a little apprehensive about scooting with my little black dress on. Without saying a word, our host slid the whole table out, so that we can walk to our seats instead of scooting. From then, they had already won me over =). Ok, let's get to the food shall we? We started with the "Braised short ribs of beef" which is placed over root vegetables and risotto. Delish. The short rib was soft and delicate and melt in your mouth deliciousness. Not over seasoned at all. There are four small pieces, but each bite is delightful. The other appetizer that we decided to share was the "Roasted Sea Scallops" which is served over cauliflower, bottarge, cili and caper sauce. Aaaaaaaaaa-mazing. If I wasn't so nice, I would've eaten both pieces instead of share it. ;-)The complimentary bread came with three spreads - butter, eggplant, and olive oil. All three tasted great and the different types of bread were warm and soft and all kinds of good =P. And since I love bread... this just won me over even more.So since this is an Italian restaurant and the chef became famous because of his spaghetti, we all decided to order pasta. We ordered "Duck and foie gras ravioli", "spaghetti," and "stracci"... all of which were heavenly. The ravioli was soft, but not mushy and filled with such great flavor that my friend, who was already really full midway, ate the whole entire dish. Spaghetti - you think it's just regular good ol' spaghetti... not at all. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was on point. Not too salty, not too sweet. perfect. My dish was the Stracci - flat pieces of hand made noodles with lobster, crab, shrimp, and basil breadcrumbs. If you're mouth has not watered just reading that - something is seriously wrong with you. This is probably my most favorite pasta dish. They did not skimp on the blue crabs (I at least believe it's blue crabs, though, I can't be entirely sure), the lobster mean, and the shrimp. I wanted to save room for dessert, but I just couldn't stop stuffing myself with this dish. I loved that the flat noodles didn't stick to each other and it was soft and just really well made. I loved loved loved it!I wish I could tell you we ordered dessert. But the three of us were just so full that we decided to opt out of the dessert. Though all of them sounded amazing.In any case, I rarely give out 5's. For me, something has to stick out. In this case, though the food was extraordinary, the service and the view puts it over my usual 4 stars into  a 5 star yelp review.Bottom line: I would definitely come here again.. so there's not reason why you shouldn't try it out =)
4	When it came time to celebrate my 32nd birthday, Scarpetta, it was. I made 5:30 reservations on Opentable.We were the first diners of the evening, we were seated at a table for two overlooking the Bellagio fountains. However, when the fountain show actually began the we realized the view was quite obstructed from the tall trees surrounding the lake. It was no bother, we didn't come for the view, we were there for the food.  We started with a delicious bread basket, it had a variety of Italian breads and the real treat was stromboli with prosciutto and smoked mozzarella. Citrus olive oil, butter with marscapone and eggplant & tomatoes accompanied the bread. I could've easily made a meal from this, but I ordered the creamy polenta to whet our appetite.I've heard nothing but praises for this polenta. It was a beautiful dish. Luscious and full of truffle flavor, but it didn't leave me wanting more. Next, we opted to skip the entrees and order selections from the secondini portion of the meal. Frank went with the Signature spaghetti. It's been featured on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" so it's hard to pass it up. I went with the duck and foie gras ravioli. It was the dish that made me lust over the restaurant for the past year. The ravioli did not disappoint. It was the second best ravioli I've had to date. Mama Egi's ravioli over at Circo takes the cake. But this was very, very good. Well balanced and the raviolis seemed to melt on your tongue. The spaghetti was good, but hardly a best thing I ever ate. I enjoyed the simplicity of it, the al dente noodle, but $26 spaghetti should knock my socks off, it did not. We weren't overly stuffed so we took a gander at the dessert menu and quickly chose zeppole for dessert.Now, this was special! I'm not fond of dessert oozing with sweetness. This bordered on savory and I love it. These little pillowy bites were filled with nutella and topped with candied hazelnuts. There was a creme anglaise for dipping. It was a perfect end to the meal. Service was very good throughout. Our server, Luis, was helpful and he made certain we did not go thirsty. Fresh iced teas were plentiful. The meal set us back $92. Pretty good considering one could easily spend an arm and leg here.
4	This place is wonderful!! Great service, ambiance and delicious food.I was originally a bit turned off by the poor service of the hostess taking our reservation over the phone, but once we arrived the staff (especially our waiter, Mike) was very friendly and accommodating. We loved the ambiance: dim lighting, candles on the tables and stylish decor. We requested a table with a view of the Bellagio fountains. It was really nice being able to look out from time to time even though there's a big bar on the window right at eye-level that makes it difficult to watch the fountain show without needing it lean over awkwardly.Food: Overall, we really enjoyed our meal! Though there were a couple items I'd recommend against, we loved most of the dishes we tried. Here's a quick review of each item we ordered:APPETIZERS- Beet Salad: I enjoyed this, but it was my least favorite of the apps we ordered and could have used more beets.- Roasted Sea Scallops: If you like seafood, this dish is a must! SO GOOD. It was my favorite item we ordered, and my mouth is watering just thinking about it.- Creamy Polenta: Another amazing dish! Creamy, buttery perfection.ENTREES- Spaghetti: My boyfriend loved this! He said it was the best spaghetti he's had here in the states. The noodles and sauce reminded him of spaghetti in Venice, Italy. :-)- Mediterranean Branzino: I was disappointed in this dish. The fish was bland and the overall flavor was nothing special.DESSERTS- Amedei Chocolate Cake: Loved this!! The only thing that would have made it better is more gelato. It only comes with a tiny scoop and goes quickly with how chocolaty the cake is. Simple solution: request extra gelato while ordering.- Zeppole (with nutella center and vanilla sauce): We debated over getting this and splitting the two different desserts or just getting two chocolate cakes (which we knew we'd love). I'm so glad decided to give it a try as it ended up being our favorite!! I'd definitely recommend it to others dining here.
3	I had dinner 2 nights here during a recent tradeshow.  Both nights the service was unbearably slow, the food mediocre (w/ the one exception of the spaghetti pomodoro which was outstanding) and I would not opt to go back with so many other great dining options in the area.  The ambiance is very nice, which is why I'm giving it 3 stars rather than 2 - so if you're not too concerned about the quality of the food and want a nice, quiet restaurant for a work dinner this wouldn't be such a bad option.
2	I was very very excited to come here while on a girls weekend to Vegas. Both my friend and I thought this would be one of our highlights!Unfortunately, it didn't live up to the hype in our visit. My friend has a few food allergies. Their gluten-free menu was a great help, but we had asked for her to be contacted by the restaurant beforehand to verify that she would be able to eat there. She didn't need anything crazy, just a confirmation that very simple things could be accommodated. Things that have been easily done by Red Robin and other chains. Easy stuff. They called her an hour before our reservation and spoke for about 30 minutes.She was assured that the waiter would be notified of her needs and that her requests could easily be honored. Great!We get there and are seated right away (despite being a little late due to traffic) but our waiter knew nothing about the conversation that had taken place just 30 minutes before. He went to talk to the hostess and everyone played dumb all around. Despite her requests being quite simple and her efforts to be an easy customer, we were made to feel like a great big hassle to everyone. We split the raw yellowtail app and they messed up hers but quickly fixed it. It was so delicious though incredibly tiny even if we hadn't split the portion! There was a long delay for our entrees and the chef sent out a free salad during the wait. They also messed that up but fixed it. My friend had the black cod and I had the short rib angolotti. The cod was again a very small portion. The angolotti was a generous portion, especially given the richness. It was very good but we felt it overpriced for portion and quality, even for Vegas.I had asked for my remaining angolotti (about 2/3 of my serving, so a large amount) to be boxed up to take with me and not 5 seconds after the waiter had acknowledged my request, he stacked a bunch of plates on top of my plate and walked off, thus ruining my leftovers. I watched him to make sure he wouldn't unstack the plates and scrape off my food into a box. Luckily he did not. My annoyance was high and we had a show to attend so I decided to not make a fuss and just let it go.My friend and I have eaten out many times at many different types of places with a variety of price points. This was the worst in terms of service at this type of restaurant. The food was ok. Maybe it was an off night, who knows. I wouldn't waste my time or money here again when we come back to Vegas.
5	Yet another really superb Las Vegas dining experience.  Scott Conant did not disappoint.  We came here shortly after the restaurant/hotel opened and even then, everything was done remarkably well.  Between our table we sampled a variety of menu items and we really enjoyed the meal.  I particularly loved the shortrib pasta and the striped bass.  The desserts here are also not to be missed-- specifically the chocolate cake with salted caramel gelato.  Need I say more?
5	OMG OMG OMG!If you're in Vegas you have to, MUST GO! eat at Scarpetta Words can't describe the yumminess of it all. All their pastas were perfectly al dente. Foie raviolis were my favorite.
5	Prime location, delicious food, and great service...our meal at Scarpetta was definitely one of the highlights of our Vegas trip. There were a few missteps on our food adventure, but not nearly discouraging enough to detract from the overall experience. We made reservations for 6:30 on Thursday night, which seemed to be the latest time to arrive and get one of the tables overlooking the Bellagio fountains. We got the last one available. The only issue with the view is that there is a giant metal bar running exactly eye level across the window, so you have to pop your head up like a little meercat just to get a glimpse of the fountains. Oh well.We ordered the tasting menu and told the waiter that we'd like a bottle of white wine, somewhere in the semi-sweet to semi dry range, full-to-medium bodied, in the $50-60 range. The waiter brought us two options to taste, and we went with a delicious riesling. The bread course came with a lovely tray of marscapone cheese whipped butter, lemon infused olive oil, and a delicious fresh tomato spread. We didn't eat too much, because we knew we had seven courses of awesome heading our way:1) The first course was yellowtail and tuna sushi. The yellowtail was served with thin pink rock salt wafers that complemented the fish perfectly. The tuna was rolled around marinated vegetables and served with preserved mushrooms. Everything was light, fresh, and flavorful. An excellent way to start a meal. A crispy fritto misto came on the side - the tempura fried herbs and lemon were a delicious addition to the standard tempura fare - shrimp...veggies...etc.2) The second course was a sea scallop served on top of cauliflower, with a cauliflower puree, chili oil, and a salad with capers on top. - The capers were a bit salty for my liking, so I pulled them off, and the cauliflower with the cauliflower puree was a little redundant, but oh. my. goodness. That scallop was the best I've ever had. The crust was perfectly carmelized, and the scallop inside was tender and melted in your mouth. The small trace of heat from the chili oil added an unexpected twist to the dish and really took it to another level. 3) The chef added in course number three - creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms. My biggest complaint here is that I can never eat anyone else's polenta again. Amazing doesn't even begin to describe it. My friend and I dove into this lake of creamy, buttery, savory goodness with reckless abandon, knowing full well that we were completely spoiling our appetite for the four remaining courses. If nobody had been watching, I would have licked the bowl. We took a little break before moving on in the meal.4) The pasta course was both a super high and super low note in the meal. After seeing Scott Conant revered as the King of Spaghetti on television time after time, we finally got to see what all the fuss was about. The simple spaghetti dish was amazing. I have never had pasta so perfectly al dente. There was a bite to it that other pastas lack, almost to the point where you feel like it will stick in your teeth, but it doesn't. It was served with a fresh tomato basil sauce that was so perfect, it didn't need any fancy infused oils or architechtural garnishes. It was just pasta perfection. HOWEVER, the short ribs angnolotti with brown butter horseradish sauce was just awful. The horseradish sauce blew away every other flavor on the plate, and it wound up tasting like a big plate of mustard. This is the awkward thing about not liking a dish in a tasting course - we were only halfway through the meal and we'd had such good courses previously, that we felt a little awkward sending it back...so we just moved forward with the meal.5) The next course was a black cod with concentrated tomato sauce and carmelized fennel. Perfect crispy skin, rich, flavorful sauce, and crunchy fresh veggies - definitely a hit.6) Spiced duck breast with endive, cippolini onions, and a preserved orange - this dish was ingenious. The duck, endive, and onion were perfectly cooked, but it was the addition of the super thin slice of sweet preserved orange that really made the dish. 7) Dessert - simply outstanding - a chocolate lava cake on a streak of carmel sauce with toasted almond gelato on a bed of chocolate cookie crumbs, with a delicate twirl of chocolate as a garnish. The only problem with this meal is that it was so delicious, there was no way you could leave anything on your plate. My friend and I polished off every dish - which left us feeling so full that we barely made it out of the restaurant.If you decide to attempt this delicious seven course food adventure - open your wallets wide - food, drinks, and tip set us back $350...but it was well worth it.
3	Was staying at the Wynn and the concierge recommended this place.  We were a party of 12.  The food took forever to come out and the service was terrible.  The food was excellent though.  Was it worth the wait?  NO.  The Hotel "scene" itself was awesome.
5	This place is amazing.Location isn't a huge factor to me.  As a local in Las Vegas, I avoid the strip when at all possible.  That being said, being sat at a window overlooking the Bellagio fountain show is a nice view to see (no matter how many times you have seen it.)The server (Joe) was nice, funny, and informative.  He knew how to sell without selling.First off, bread.  With a place called Scarpetta, you should expect great bread... which they have.  One of them has salami in it, and I was happy just eating that.  The bread came with olive oil, a tomato chutney-like sauce, and a pesto.  All were great, but the olive oil blew me away.  I enjoyed it so much, I bought a bottle.Appetizers, I got the "creamy polenta" which turned out to be the creamiest polenta I have ever had.  It was served with mushrooms and was amazing.  My date had the roasted sea scallops.  The service size was a tad on the small size, but she seemed to enjoy it nonetheless.Onto the Entrees.  I'm a Food Network addict, and saw Scarpetta while ago on "Best thing I ever ate" where they talked about the Spagetti with Tomatoes and Basil.  I had it, and it was good.  It wasn't the best pasta dish I have ever had, but a solid 8/10.  The pasta is fresh, and had a great texture to it.  The sauce was heavy on the basil (a good thing,) and there wasn't a ton of it weighing down the dish.  Next time I go, I'll try something different.My date had the Duck and Foie Gras Ravoli.  She seemed to be very much enjoying it, and let me have a bite.  I then understood why Scott Conant is looked at as this great master of Italian cooking.  This dish was outstanding.  I might just get this next time I go.Lastly came dessert.  I was informed there was no Tiramisu on the menu (my favorite Italian desert,) so we looked at the menu.  Our server recommended the Coconut Panna Cotta.  My date got that, and I got the Crispy Sweet Risotto Crepes.The only downside to the meal, I would have to say is the Risotto Crepes.  It isn't that they were bad, it is just that they were more like Taquitos than crepes.  They were little rolled and fried pieces of batter with a sweet risotto in the middle of them.  For the amazing meal we had up to that point, it was a letdown.My date's Panna Cotta, however, was fantastic.  It had that light and fresh taste that you want after eating a lot of pasta.I will definitely be going back, I'll just get the Ravioli and Panna Cotta instead.
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!  Loved Scarpetta in Beverly Hills, so when I found out they had opened a Scarpetta in Vegas, naturally I had to go!!  The restaurant is located in the tres chic Cosmopolitan hotel.  We were seated by the window overlooking the Bellagio Fountains!  So beautiful!  Our server - so attentive, nice, and I mentioned I would be going to DC the following week and he came back with a list of things I should check out in DC!  Talk about service! And then the food!!!  Seriously, soooooooooo good! Of course, their Spaghetti is out of this world!  First saw it on the Food Network Best Thing I Ever Ate... so tried it in LA.  Sounds like the most basic dish but seriously, you have to try it!   If you've been to Italy and know what al dente pasta is... this is the closest you'll get to it.  This time, I had the Black Cod - I'm going to say I probably wouldn't order that again - but it was still good!  I think stick with the pastas!  Their bread  basket is pretty awesome too!So I gave 4-stars for my review of the Beverly Hills Scarpetta, mostly because the ambiance of the restaurant was just eh... but Vegas did it right!!  So hip, trendy, and just a nice vibe!!  And for a restaurant of this caliber, the prices are not bad at all!!
4	Great spot!  Food is great! Staff is excellent.  Very close to the Scarpetta in NYC.
2	I ate dinner here with seven other friends a few weeks ago and the atmosphere is lovely, the service was bad.  Everyone we talked to before coming here said the spaghetti was awesome! 2 friends got that and it was okay, noodles slightly too undercooked and I like it aldenti, and two people got a lobster tagalini and their stomachs were upset after,  I got the roasted chicken and when I cut into the wing part it was bloody and I discreetly let the server know and he left the breast half with me and took back only the wing, he was gone for about 15 min, nowhere to be found, when he returned I explained that I wasn't eating the breast part and he explained that is the way they cook it, with his hand in my face I had to back my chair up, that was rude and not true, my Aunt got the same dish and hers was cooked through... I would not return after this experience.
1	Hate to do this but here goes:Fav chef, perfection in Manhattan, many missteps in Vegas, who would have guessed. Severe drop off In service, and cook execution. Way overly salty, server promised to die for for pasta and steak specials total $140 that were complete salt and meat uncutable by knife.Meal comped, let me say if you have been to the Manhattan restaurant don't bother here. Scott is The best but obviously cannot reign his tight control over his new ever growing empire. I thought he was better than this but everyone has their price.....
5	Scarpetta knows how to make a girl happy.  I went there this past Sunday for my very good friend's birthday dinner. She said she had the spaghetti a year ago in Miami and has been dreaming about it ever since.  Now I know why!Before I get too far ahead of myself though, let me start at the beginning of my experience. My group was pretty large and scattered throughout the strip. A few of us were fashionably late but the hostess had no problem seating those of us who were there on time. That's uncommon for shi-shi- type places and I really appreciated it. The decor was a dark/ modern/ rustic all-at-the-same time- type of feel. Very sexy place :o) Plus it overlooks the Bellagio fountains and the Strip! Nothing like enjoying a killer meal with that type of view. The sommelier was a delight. He helped us pick out a wine that had the qualities we wanted without breaking the bank. We thought it was hilarious when he said "How about this vintage" while pointing right at the price. Very classy way to help price-concerned consumers w/o announcing to the entire room that we were trying to save money.A bread basket is usually of no consequence BUT, here, it was SOOOOO good! One roll in particular had prosciutto or salami wrapped in and it was amazing! Fresh, warm, and perfect!We shared a bunch of starters.  I got the yellowtail fully intending to share but that did not happen. It was so fresh and delicious with the shredded red onion on top that it somehow disappeared before I could send my plate around the table... OOPS!  I also managed to get a bite for my friend's creamy polenta. To. Die. For. says it all.Next, our main course  - the spaghetti. Let me preface this by saying that 6 out the 7 people in our party ordered it because my friend hyped it up so much. We were not disappointed. I normally try to stay away from carbs and I seriously cannot remember the last time I went out and actually ordered spaghetti! It was just so good! It wasn't a heavy, flowery mess of wet spaghetti strands. It was light, tasty, cooked, and sauced to perfection. PS. it was great on its own - no meatballs or anything necessary to dress it up. That is a plate I would certainly order again. In sum, I had a great experience. I paid ~ $100 for bread, pasta, some sashimi, and 3 glasses of wine and I still can say that it was well worth the price.  I would go back and definitely recommend Scarpetta - Vegas to friends!  :o)
5	Love the food, the service and everything about this place. The servers and staff were great and the wine awesome...  Try to book early to get the window seats which are facing the Bellagio fountains.
5	I dreamed about Scarpetta since I went there for the first time last year...and I will continue to do so. 3 syllables. Spa - ghe- tti!!!I know you think this is crazy, but I NEVER order spaghetti at restaurants. I was forced to try it at a work dinner at Scarpetta Miami and it is literally one of the best things I've ever had. I've even seen the step-by-step videos where he shows how he makes it - nothing crazy - but I KNOW i could not make it like that at home. Flavors are rich but not overpowering, pasta is perfectly al dente, basil is present but not overdone. It is like woah.And everything else - amazing service, gorgeous view overlooking Bellagio fountains, helpful sommelier who found us a wine within our price range that was delicious. PLUS it was reasonably priced. Group of 7 - everyone got starters, entree, and 2 desserts for the table + 2 bottles of wine. Under $90 after tip!See Cherie T's review for more detail, but I'm telling you you will seriously dream about this meal  =D
4	This place was ridiculous! Came during my stay in Vegas for Infocomm with some Law Firm associates. All from NYC, so we were on the hunt for a good Italian place in Vegas, and we found it!Great bread basket. Great apps. Great entrees. Great wines. Great desserts. Great ambiance. Great lighting. Great views. Loved it!
4	If you want something more unique than DOCG then come here.Helpful staff, clean environment.  I was surprised that there was only one stall for this place.  They have an extensive wine menu.Their bread and their dipping sauces for it were delicious. Raw yellowtail was delicious!Also ordered theTuna susci not bad but I would have ordered another raw yellow tail instead of thisTaglitelle spaghettiStracci If I could order one of those 3 pastas again I would pick the simple and very impressive spaghetti.  it's not just your ordinary tomato with basil spaghetti. The guava sobert type of dessert was amazingly delicious!  A great surprise for the end.
5	Came here with my bf on my recent vegas stay.I ordered the duck & foie gras ravioli.......the best morsel I have ever eaten.
3	After reading all the reviews here, I decided to try the fantastic Pasta place that Yelpers are craving about.  The restaurant is located on the third floor at Cosmopolitan Hotel and it is an easy find once you reach there.  It's a nice high end restaurant and you can pick the window seat so you get to overlook the Bellagio fountain.We are a huge party so I get to try couple different appetizers and main dish.  I have to say, it is a total disappointment.  Not to bash on their food because the food actually  taste from ok to good, but the food does not taste like the level when you are spending 50 dollars a person.  It lacks that "wow" factor.  To further breakdown the night, there are two things that wowed me.  First, is their salami bread, it is really tasty and you rarely see it from any other restaurant. Second, is their creamy polenta, you need to eat it while its hot and it is delicious.However, all the other dishes are mediocre at best.  I ordered the Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli, and it is SO SALTY.  I love salty food and always add extra pepper and salt on my french fries, and even I have a hard time taking on the saltiness of its Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli.  Also, their tomato & basil spaghetti is very plain.  Taste good if it is $15, but not at $24.  One worst part is their restroom.  They have 1 female and 1 male restroom, and you can only use it one person at a time.  So, during the night, people kept waiting in line for restroom.  I understand the fact that you can exit the restaurant and there is another Cosmopolitan restroom outside, but isn't it a little absurd when you have only one bathroom stall in the restaurant.  Overall, it is not my best Vegas restaurant experience, I would rate it somewhere between 2.5 stars to 3 stars.
5	On the food alone, Scarpetta is probably a four star restaurant. But with the spectacular space it occupies (Cosmopolitan Hotel, overlooking the Bellagio fountains), it gets the five star nod from me. The perfect ambience is hard to ignore. Unbelievably swanky, Scarpetta just oozes Vegas. Dimly lit, white linens, dark wood and interesting light fixtures mix to create a very upscale atmosphere. Food wise, I enjoyed two appetizers: the pea soup and sea scallops. The soup excelled where other dishes didn't in that the pea flavor wasn't showed up by the cream. For the other appetizer that made up my one 'entree', I found my scallops to be cooked near-perfectly, but one of them suffered from too much char, rather than a nice caramelization. There was also a too-gratuitous use of garnishes, from radish, to micro greens, to apples and more. Less would've been more when the scallops are served with truffles white asparagus. The dishes our friends had all received the same comment: heavy. While its summer and seeing the words 'summer truffles' on multiple dishes is never a bad thing, all those dishes all felt so heavy with butter and/or cream. I would be remiss if I didn't cap this review with a mention of the bread. Served with dishes containing citrus-infused olive oil, cold eggplant spread and a mascarpone butter, the bread itself was out of this world good (though also heavy, as it's laced with a thin slice of salami and cheese). I can't say that my Scarpetta experience didn't live up to the hype. However, like much of Vegas, there was a sliver of feeling that the food itself didn't quite live up to the glitz and glamor of the restaurant itself.
2	Came on a Wednesday evening, May 9, 2012.Catching up on writing reviews, and I wish I could have forgotten about this terrible experience already.Our party of 4 approached the hostess and politely asked for a table.  She looks up... no smile.  We're told the wait is about 15 minutes, and we reply it's not a problem, asking if it's ok to sit at one of the many empty seats/booths across the bar near the entrance.  She pauses before answering that it's ok (and only later do I sense that her response was a bit cold).However, I'm still in high spirits from having arrived in Vegas that evening for extended weekend of friends and partying.  As we're led into the dining room, I marvel at the coziness.  The room is quite small, with what seemed like 3 rows of tables, with the window seats overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  It's more intimate than I expected, and I immediately filed the memory as a good place to bring a date.We're led to a circular, chic booth that had, in hindsight, almost a diner-like feel to it... but it was an upscale setting, and was something I actually enjoyed so we could eat family style.We had chosen to dine here because Arvin T had heard they had an amazing spaghetti.  But let's continue chronologically.  The bread basket came out, and it was amazing.  The stromboli was tasty, though I'm no expert, and we ended up asking them for a second basket.  The waiter was slow in bringing that second basket out, and I definitely felt like we committed a taboo... but that didn't stop us from reminding him to bring that out for us.I'd go down a play-by-play for each of the items on the menu, but, to be honest, it wasn't very impressive.  I really hoped the food was so good that I could look past the mediocre service, which bordered on indifferent.  But, alas, it cannot be said.I would still recommend this place to bring your date for a nice, intimate dinner.  The dim yellow lighting exuded a warmth that I only wished was completed by quality service I had come to expect from the Cosmo...  If service isn't important to you, esp in relation to money spent, then I would still suggest giving this place a go sometime.However, I think of Vegas as a place to escape - a sanctuary away from the hustles of life.  Scarpetta let me down, and it was only the first punch in the stomach by Cosmo that night.
5	As soon as I had my flight and hotel booked for Vegas I also made my dinner reservation at Scarpetta. Even though we had made our reservation made for 8 on a Saturday night we still waited about 15 minutes or so for our table. Upon getting seated in the dining room I was incredibly impressed. The room was dimly lit, beautifully decorated and facing the fountains of the Bellagio. Our waiter quickly approached with our wine and cocktail lists and allowed us to look over them for a while. When he approached again we were still indecisive. We told him what we were thinking about ordering and he made a great suggestion. Now that drinks were ordered, it was time to dig into the bread basket. We loved the stromboli as well as the sourdough and focaccia bread. The eggplant caponata was also delicious. If I wasn't to embarrassed to order another bread basket I would have done so.After we had ordered we were anxious to receive our food. We started with the shortribs over farro pasta. The shortribs fell apart and were incredibly rich. The farro was the perfect companion to this well made dish. Our polenta was next. It was creamy and topped with mushrooms. Wow. We finished with the home made tagilatelle with vegetables and fava beans as well as guanciale. Being the pasta snob Scott Conant is on "Chopped" I knew this had to be good. I was right. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was light and flavorful. Seeing as we weren't completely full we ordered dessert.And what a dessert it was. The bombolini were basically dougnut holes filled with nutella and a vanilla custard. They were accompanied by a nutella powder and bruleed bananas. It was the perfect combination of textures: The soft doughnuts, the creamy nutella and vanilla custard, the crunchy bruleed bananas and the light nutella powder were out of control good.Scarpetta is a must for Italian food lovers in Vegas. It's the perfect place for a date night.
4	I find it sad that some people haven't had a great experience at this restaurant.  I found the service attentive and friendly, the space gorgeous, and the food exceptional.  Having said that, the food wasn't without flaw - the frito was salty (for me, that's a rare complaint).  The star of my evening was the spaghetti with tomato/basil - it was cooked so perfectly and the flavor was nothing less than spectacular.  I know, I know...  it is just spaghetti.  But if you are a fan of pasta, just try it.  You'll see.  Our party also had scallops, a couple wagu ribeyes, chicken, lamb - all of it was great.
3	The food was great, but for the sparce seating, the service was lacking a bit.  It seems the rest on their reputation, rather than catering to each guest's needs.  The music was WAY too loud for dinner conversation.
3	Being a huge fan of Scott Conant on Chopped, my wife and I made a point to visit Scarpetta as soon as we landed on Thursday night.  On the plane I joked that we better not get any sticky pasta, and luckily we didn't. The decor of the restaurant has a great feel and it's in a great location at the Cosmopolitan.While the meal was fine, there was just no wow factor.  The black pasta with lobster was good, as was the veal chop, but it wasn't great.  I am glad we tried Scarpetta, but there are too many great restaurants in Vegas to visit this place any time soon.
5	Amazing food, ambiance, and service! Fantastic view of the fountain in front of the Bellagio as well!
4	Service: Top notchFood: GreatAmbiance: GreatSat myself at the bar area. Very small awkward area with the little tables next to the bar, would be pissed if someone sat me there. A very nice dude named Nikolai welcomed me with a smile and gave me a menu. Immediately decided between the Spiced Duck Breast and the Short Rib Agnolotti. Nikolai the bartender/server suggested the..SHORT RIB AGNOLOTTIbrown butter horseradish & toasted breadcrumb $25If the restaurant wasn't a fancy one, I would have licked my plate. My only complaint is there was not a large helping and I would have liked a little more food (when dont I want more food?).Drank two San Remo's (fruity.. yum!) and a Billionaire (too citrus-y.. eh and I really like citrus-y things).Service was good, my drink was always full and the bread was good. I'd recommend reservations highly, the dining room area seats about 100 people. Some of the tables even have a view of the Bellagio water fountains.. cooooool. Will definately have to be back for a full dinner one night (and not when I'm just trying to get something in my stomach before I drink alot of booze at the Blvd Pool).After 3 drinks and my entree bill was $73 before tip.
3	Nice place. I ordered sea scallops with truffled white asparagus pink graitfruit and uni aoili. This was an appatizer but they only gave me two scallops. My friends were raving about the bread with ham in it and if I would have known I would only get two scallops I would have tried the bread but by the time the food came there was no more bread. The servers werent the nicest and took them about an hour to serve our food. Which none should have taken that long.
5	The worst part about Scarpetta is that you eventually have to leave. It was a sad moment when I took my last bite of amazingness and realized I was already having separation anxiety with my Duck and foie gras ravioli. Not to mention the mouth orgasm I had after over indulging in the Bombolini dessert with nutella dust. (Went back the following night for an encore performance ). I am not going to sit here all day and rave about how perfect the beef tartare was or how life altering the short rib angolottis were, but what i will do is tell anyone who has anything bad to say about Scarpetta, you honestly don't have a clue what good food is all about. I just read 30 reviews and one person had said "The duck ravioli flat out sucked" Dude STFU and have some respect. I guarantee you are the type of DB that enjoys the food at Olive garden. Get a grip. Here is my run down from a foodie who has traveled the world in search of great cuisine and spend 10 years running kitchens:Service-From the hostess to the table service, everything surpassed my high expectations. Very attentive without being over bearing. Luis was very sociable and you could tell he wasn't trying to up-sell anything and he gave his honest opinion when needed. Very knowledgeable about the menu and was honestly fantastic.Ambiance-Very comfortable, modern atmosphere complimented by great music and bellaggio fountains.Food Quality-FRESH PASTA! Come on how can you complain about fresh pasta  I guess if you like rubber olive garden garbage pasta and you didn't enjoy the king of pasta's execution then your review is null.Overall Food Experience-There is only one way to sum up Scarpetta so the common man can understand how great this experience is: If you like the fake bread sticks and man made olive oil at Olive garden then you aren't going to like the FRESH baked bread and stromboli complimented by lemon olive oil, eggplant capanata, or marscapone butter.If you like frozen pasta that been frost bitten for 2 years, then your aren't going to enjoy fresh made pasta stuffed with delicate meats such as duck or short rib.If you go to the outback and are really wowed by the meat quality then you aren't going to understand the complexity of meat that they use here. So for you complaining feeble minded yelpers, stay away from Scarpetta, you do not deserve to enjoy and embrace what this amazing restaurant has to offer. To the foodies who share my same enthusiasm for this amazing restaurant, you know how excited I am to go back.
3	Pasta w basil was decent. Good panna cotta.
5	My boyfriend recently took me here for my 23rd birthday... Requested a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains and the view was so beautiful! The complimentary bread basket includes 4 different breads, 3 dipping sauces, and stromboli with cheese and salami! My boyfriend ordered the stracci pasta that has lobster, crab, and shrimp- he loved it. I ordered the spaghetti and it was honestly the best spaghetti I've ever had! We decided on the panna cotta for dessert. It was amazing... A lot of things happening... coconut sorbet, guava juice, a cracker of some sort, some sort of creme brulee type thing, and diced pineapples. They even wrote "Happy Birthday!" on the plate and lit a candle for me. Service was excellent.
5	Phenomenal restaurant. I've had the pleasure to dine at some pretty great places around the country and this was in the top 5. Let's start with the food. Delicious. Basically perfect. One down side - they were not offering the tasting menu the evening I was there. As a fan of tasting menus (especially with wine pairings!) this was disappointing. Anyway, as others have mentioned, the bread is great. We also started with the short rib risotto appetizer as well as the fritto misto. Both were delightful. As far as the entrees - myself and my 3 dining partners all got pasta. The spaghetti (again, as many other reviewers have commented on) was wonderful. I don't think I've EVER ordered spaghetti at a restaurant and probably wouldn't had I not read the rave reviews on yelp (though the waiter did highly recommend it). It was simple yet extremely tasty. The only gripe I have is it seemed a little overpriced given the minimalistic dish (~$24) but was fair given the prices of other dishes on the menu. We also tried the duck and foie gras ravioli which was rich and delicious. The beef short rib pasta was also very good, though a little too horseradishy for my taste. The food would've earned the restaurant 5 stars in my book regardless, but the service made the experience one of a kind. Maybe the waiter has the same "routine" for everyone, but who cares? He was attentive, friendly, professional but not at all annoying. The only bad part about the night is I didn't get to try dessert (too full)!
3	The food was great, small portions and for non-organic food it was way overpriced. Our bus boy provided great service in contrast to our waiter. I tipped the bus boy. The desert was the best part.
5	Very attentive staff, gorgeous decor (albeit a bit dark), quality food:Braised short ribs with spring vegetables and farro rissoto: Fall-off the bone tender, perfectly seasoned, and I enjoyed the twist on the rissotoRoasted sea scallops: Cooked to perfection, not too briny or rubbery, to go very well with the white truffle asparagus, not too overwhelmed by the rich truffle oil.Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli: Delicious, but too decadent for my taste. They give you a huge portion, too, about 3 times the amount I actually was expecting, even for an entree. Filling, with a good salty bite. Finishing this was the death of me, but a very enjoyable self-indulgent death.Spaghetti: I love when simple, basic dishes are just beautifully executed. This was just the perfect spaghetti. I would be perfectly okay walking into a restaurant like this and ordering it. It is divine.Mediterranean Branzino: Seafood party in my mouth. Branzino had a nice caramelized crust and the medley of vegetables and shrimp/clams/etc paired really well with the light broth.Aged Sirloin of Beef: cooked to bloody medium-rare excellence. Enjoyed the salty/nutty bite of Parmagiano.As for cocktails, I can recommend the Gimlet and the Gallardo.
5	Excellent service doesn't describe how great the serving staff and Owner was. Top marks for the staff knowledge of how the food was prepared.  The food was the best New York Italian food, and the best dining in Las Vegas. The deserts were exploding with flavor. A must eat place. - Doug Morneau
5	I am eager to go back to this restaurant and be in "heaven" again. Have you tried its Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli yet? It is beyond delicious! Given CA has banned Foie Gras, it makes the Las Vegas location much more appealing than the Beverly Hills one (although please comment on this post if you are certain that the Beverly Hills location still can serve the same dish!). The restaurant is inside Cosmopolitan hotel, so you can certainly dine your way to delish land and continue the party at Marquees club. As a cherry on top, service at the Las Vegas Scarpetta is amazing as well. I highly recommend!
4	As others have said here, if you're a Vegas tourist who thinks that the Olive Garden is good Italian, and you just want to treat your girlfriend while in Vegas -- this probably isn't the place for you. You're going to feel the portions are small, and you may not appreciate the things that make this restaurant extraordinary.First, price -- be prepared. WIth a first and second course, without alcohol or dessert, it's easily $40 to $50 per person. I enjoyed a glass of wine and the famous spaghetti, and my meal was $46. The wine was over priced -- Scarpetta should compare its wine pricing per glass to other similar restaurants in Vegas, and I think they would find that they are a bit too high. $15-17 per glass is a bit much.Second quality -- The bread basket alone was incredible. I swore that I would have only one piece, but I could not resist the hot stramboli with proscuitto and cheese, and the salted butter spread was amazing. The spaghetti also was extraordinary. It is a simple dish with tomato and basil only, but the flavors combined with the thick homemade pasta made the dish memorable. It is one of the few dishes I've had where I felt that the fresh and homemade nature of the pasta really made a difference.Finally--the view. It is one of the best in Vegas, overlooking Bellagio and the Bellagio fountains. The dark woods, the view, the candle lit room -- a wonderful place for a romantic dinner. If I'd only had a date. :)
4	Excellent -- excellent .... what a great birthday dinner experience.  The portions were perfect and the service OUTSTANDING!  had a table near the window so could enjoy the fountains at Bellagio while waiting for the meal.All the courses were terrific and tasty.  Beef rib pasta was perfect and the dessert really great!
3	Excellent service, food is whatevers for the price.
5	We have eaten at scarpetta in Vegas 2 times and once at the Miami location.  After eating at the Vegas location the first time, we were so impressed and loved the food so much we chose it for the location of our rehearsal dinner.   We had our wedding rehearsal dinner for 32 people at scarpetta in the Vino room on 6/15.  I'm so happy we did.  Everything was absolute perfection.  I have to give a shout out to the staff at Scarpetta especially Kelly Racine for all of her help.  She was fantastic throughout this process.   We had a menu that consisted of the followingBraised Short ribs (Very good)Creamy Pollenta (to die for)Heirloom tomato saladspaghetti (in no way over rated)Short Rib Agnolotti (spectacular in every way)Black Cod (did not have this for my entree, but it got good reviews)Sirloin with gnocchi & wild mushrooms (delish!)we also had two different desserts served to our table that were outstanding. The waitstaff was fantastic, very polite and moved around the room seamlessly.   I can not wait to return for another meal.   And if you're looking for a place to have a small wedding reception or rehearsal dinner, I highly recommend adding Scarpetta to your list of restaurants to check out.
5	My boyfriend and I came here for date night while we were in Vegas. We really enjoyed our experience. We got a table that overlooked the fountain at Bellagio, which was beautiful. Our waiter was the nicest gentleman. We had a great time chatting up with him. We had heard wonderful things about the spaghetti so we both got that and devoured it. Their drinks were delicious and so was the complimentary bread. They catered to us very well and we were delighted. We were so stuffed so we didn't have room for dessert but I'm sure they were just as good. Highly recommend this place!
4	I was tempted to give Scarpetta 3 stars but I really liked our server, the ambiance, the appetizer and table offerings.  I thought my pasta dish was just good.  Vegas is always pricy and I understand that but I guess I had hoped for a tiny bit better entree.  All in all a nice experience.
5	good, pricey but apparently everything in Vegas is headed that way, or so they try to have some class but the truckloads of white trash appear with their bud light. I guess its Italian food, which is great but you end up paying a lot for it, and actually what's really out of range is the wine prices , its like 15-20$ a glass. its like jesus !!! It doesn't match the price or class or their food.
5	I'd like to preface this review by saying I haven't had very many fine dining experiences. That being said, this is by far one of the best in terms of food quality and service. Yes, it is indeed pricey, but that should be expected with any fine dining experience no matter where you are.I can only comment on the dishes I tried, so here they are:+ Complimentary bread & spread - All of the bread was great. For our spread, we had olive oil, egg plant, and marscapone cheese. I've always preferred butter instead of olive oil, but this one was quite tasty. The olive oil had an almost herbal/spice taste to it. The egg plant is prepared with a tomato sauce or something, so it paired really well with the stromboli bread.+ Roasted Sea Scallop appetizer - Delicious, practically melts in your mouth. The portion is rather small as you only get two.+ Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli - Very rich to the point where it was almost a struggle to finish the plate, but it was so scrumptious, I couldn't stop eating.+ Spaghetti - Probably one of the best I've ever had. Pasta perfectly al dente with just tomato and basil, but the sauce had a creaminess to it that made it divine.+ Black Cod - Another great dish, but overshadowed by all of the other fantastic plates. It was seasoned well. The accompanying cherry tomatoes tasted so bright. If I ever go to Scarpetta again, though, I'd probably forego this dish and try something else.Lastly, to expand on the service aspect, our waiter was very personable, cracking a few jokes throughout the night. He was helpful with making suggestions on the menu and explaining everything. Our water glasses never really went low. Oh, and the view of the Bellagio fountain was gorgeous. Only downside is the window divider thing was right at eye level, so we had to look above or below it to see. Definitely a wonderful restaurant for a date night, though.
5	I am a Las Vegas local and on a tuesday night during the "Magic" convention, it was my girlfriends birthday. I was unable to get a reservation for her birthday. I went and spoke with the manager, Kelly, who said she would do whatever she could to help me out. When we arrived at the restaurant she said she would see what she could do. We grabbed a drink at the bar and 10 minutes later we were told our table was ready. I was expecting the small corner in the table, but was pleasantly surprised when we were seated at probably the best table in the restaurant. The last table right next to the window which gave us an incredible view of the Bellagio fountains. Titus our waiter was excellent! The food was incredible as always! The night turned out amazing all because of Kelly. Great manager!!!
3	5 amazing stars for the duck and foie gras ravioli.  It made my eyes roll into the back of my head, it was so good.I also tried the spaghetti which was eh in my book.  I mean, it was good.  But Ted Allen told me it was worth $24 and he was LYING.  (Or paid off by Scott Conant, I'm not sure which...)This place is dim (low lighting) and I can't remember much about the decor.  Hey, it's Vegas, I was on vacation and probably (okay, obviously) was pretty tipsy.  It's a perfect match for being inside the Cosmopolitan.When I'm back in Las Vegas, I'm not sure that I'll need to come back here, but the memory of the ravioli will last a lifetime.
4	A Vegas must, every time we go to Vegas we visit Scarpetta. One of my husbands favorites. We always sit at the bar, sometimes it's slow, though we still seem to have a great time and great food. When its busy the energy is definitely flowing in a positive Vegas way.
4	Scarpetta is delicious! Great food and good, friendly service. I ordered their ubiquitous spaghetti, but I also got to try their daily special, pasta cooked with peaches and lobster, and their duck ravioli with foie gras. All dishes were excellent, but my favorite was the spaghetti with basil--simple and just different enough to distinguish itself as the best spaghetti I've had. The pasta and lobster special was light but the duck ravioili tasted rich, probably better shared, IMO.
3	Man, I had high hopes for this place... but can we say overrated?!  I have a theory about Vegas restaurants: they're all very hyped and expensive but tend to fall short on meeting expectations.I was in Vegas for a convention so went in for dinner.  I ordered the duck and foie gras ravioli and it was so salty I couldn't eat more than one.  It actually felt weird on my tongue because it was so salty.   I normally don't like to send things back but there was no way I could eat the dish.  They gladly took it back and apologized.  I ordered the spaghetti in its place and they brought it out quickly so that I wasn't left waiting for my food while everyone else was eating.  Everything that the others had were alright but definitely not memorable (I don't remember what they got).  The service was great and the food was ok but those two factors along with the ridiculous prices, I would probably never go back.
5	Greeted by Mario (former GM @ SW).Whisked away to a great table for 4 overlooking Bellagio fountains.Showered with appetizers and other taste treats.Incredible service from various characters that epitomized and demonstrated the highest level of food service professionalism.From the various fresh and unique breads to the delightful complimentary taste treats the meal started with a bang.Too many dishes to mentioned but all outstanding.Mario and team hovering over the table at critical times to ensure great service and presentation.The meal culiminated with 4 deserts which absolutedly sealed the deal - establishing this restaurant as a staple for outstanding LV italian cuisine.Seek out Mario - Make friends - Enjoy some great food.Do not doubt me on this call.Cheers,Brad
5	Scott Conant's restaurant, Scarpetta, inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel, was absolutely incredible. I had the signature tasting menu and, while pricey, was worth every $. The dining experience was just outstanding. Every bite was a delight to the palette. Service was first class. It was a true fine dining experience.
4	After much research on where to dine for our five year wedding anniversary, my husband and I decided on Scarpetta. The menu looked delicious and the prices weren't outrageous. We called about three weeks in advance to make our reservation for seven people. I was surprised that they only had one time left but was very happy we were able to get in at 7:30pm. We were all super excited to dine there. I tweeted about it and they even tweeted back at me, which I thought was a nice touch. We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation and only had to wait about five minutes for a table. We were hoping for a table by the window but didn't get one. We were near the wine wall but could still see the Bellagio fountains. I'll break this review into two parts.SERVICE:I'd never been to a higher end restaurant like this before, so I was expecting exceptional service like I had never previously received. While the service was very good, it didn't live up to my expectations. Our waiter was a really nice guy, but I think he might have been newer because he seemed a little bit awkward and shy. Also, I asked him to take a picture of our whole group and he forgot. Then two people had to leave so when he finally did take the pic, not everyone was there. There was another man (Paul?) who was in charge of the wine and he was another story. He was so suave and charming. I wish he could have been our waiter! There was a major glitch in our evening considering the type of place we were at. We receieved our bill, and as we were looking over it we realized they put two $125 bottles of wine on it rather than just the one. I'm glad we noticed, because that's a fairly big mistake to make. Service in general was on the slower side. There were many gaps where nobody came to our table. We were there for about two hours. The guy refilling the water glasses was really nice, though.FOOD:Between the seven of us, we ordered:-Crispy fritto misto (x2)-Heirloom tomato salad-Creamy polenta-Tagliatelle (x2) (this is what I ordered)-Duck and foie gras ravioli-Spaghetti-Pea tortelli-I know I'm missing one, but I can't remember/obviously didn't try a bite.I had bites of everything and it was all delicious. Of course, the bread starter was fantastic. The polenta was great and rich. The ravioli was so rich, I wouldn't have been able to eat it as my main dish. It was also incredibly salty. It might be nice in a smaller size as a starter. The vegetables in my tagliatelle were super fresh - such a difference fresh veggies make! The spaghetti was very good, fresh and delicious, but it didn't knock my socks off like it has for some other people. Of all of the pastas I tried, I would order the pea tortelli next time. The portion sizes are not large, but just a nice amount to leave you satisfied and not bursting. The atmosphere of the restaurant was nice. Not as intimate as I wanted, but I think we would have had to spend more somewhere else for that. I was sort of surprised that there were a lot of skimpily dressed stagettes and dudes in t-shirts and BASEBALL HATS! We had a very good experience here but it just fell a bit short of my expectations based on the many other reviews I read.
5	I *thought* I knew Italian food.  I thought I had pizza and pasta figured out.I was wrong.Thanks to my dinner at Scarpetta, my appreciation for the sophistication of Italian cuisine is vastly more than it used to be.In other words, Scarpetta gave me an education in fine Italian dining that I'll never forget.It all happened on a Sunday night, which was the only night of the week when I could secure a table at Scarpetta -- a restaurant notorious for its difficulty in scoring a reservation.  After walking through the narrow entrance hall on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan hotel, I was greeted by a spacious and elegantly appointed dining room.  I was lucky enough to have a window seat directly overlooking the Bellagio fountains.I quickly received a menu from my kind and gracious server, Giampaolo, and found myself drooling over its mouthwatering options.  While I waited, Giampaolo brought by a breadbasket with sides of citrus-inflused olive oil, eggplant tapanade, and whipped mascarpone cheese.  The breadbasket was superb -- especially the stromboli with cheese and succulent salami baked inside.I wasn't in the mood for wine, so I started by ordering of their signature cocktails -- a St. Germain/prosecco spritzer.  Sweet and refreshing, it was a lovely start to dinner.For an appetizer, I had the yellowtail crudo.  The raw fish was extremely fresh and beautifully seasoned.  I especially enjoyed that little punch of sea salt that hits you after the rest of the fish is gone.  (Who said that Japanese restaurants have a monopoly on raw fish?)The real show-stopper was the entree -- duck and foie gras ravioli.  I don't claim to be a foie gras expert, but this dish was revelatory.  The ravioli dough was delicate and flavorful.  The duck and foie gras filling could only be described as pure decadence.  The sauce drizzled on top provided a beautiful contrast.  This was one of the top dishes that I've ordered in any restaurant -- ever.After the ravioli, I was too full to order dessert, but Giampaolo was still kind enough to bring over two complementary petit fours -- a cinnamon biscotti cookie and a chocolate truffle.  Both were outstanding.Everything about Scarpetta is outstanding -- from the service, to the ambiance, to the extraordinary food.  If I could, I'd get my culinary education here every day.
4	Interesting menu items and unique tastes accompanied by a strong wine list makes this a definite 4 star.  The menu is a little limited and the a bit pricey especially for the beef/steaks.  I was very impressed with the wait staff's knowledge and recommendations.  He wasn't shy about recommendations and potential wine pairings.  Very knowledgeable.  Something to consider - The six course meal with wine pairings looks great and the wine recommendations looked very good.
4	After visiting Scarpetta in LA, I cannot wait to see what the Vegas one has to offer. They serve the same menu but the ambiance there is totally different. The Vegas one has a gorgeous view of Bellagio's fountain and the decor is more old, rustic and not as classy and glamorous as the LA one. The waiter here is very helpful and funny.  The food here is delicious:+ Beef Tartare: Cooked with lime juice so quite sour but refreshing. Very different from traditional beef tartare.+ Raw Yellowtail: It's okay. Pretty typical, but I'm surprise how non-fatty the fish taste considering hamachi is a fattier fish.+ The spaghetti: good as always--al dente with a sauce that's sweet with a hint of tang. + Tagliatelle: A pasta with spring veggies. This tasted too green and peas-filled for me. The cream sauce also too thick. + Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli: This was delicious but the foie gras taste is very mild. + Mediterranean Branzino: The fish has a really, really nice sear on the outside and it was very soft and tasty. Don't skip dessert! Dessert was phenomenal! + Strawberry Tart : The tart crust was amazing! It has that crunch and the cream was so light. The meringue that came with the dessert didn't taste like basil as described, but it was still really good. +and the Nutella & Vanilla Creme Bomboloni: Reminds me of hot bigne with creamy nutty chocolate center! It's so good. And I have no idea how they caramelized a banana. It has the crunch and then creaminess of the fruit.
4	This place is a great restaurant all around!  Great view, great ambiance, and great service.  We where seated with a great view of the fountain show at Bellagio.  I usually don't like Italian food, too much garlic.  But after this meal I fell in love with it all over again.  The Oysters-West Coast where amazing, the Spaghetti was delicious, and I cant rave enough about the Mediterranean Branzino!  The meal was excellent! We will definitely be back.
4	Yes, the spaghetti is really that good.No exaggeration. (And I don't even like spaghetti that much.)Romantic. Make reservations in advance. Fairly quiet, so I liked it. Great view  of Bellagio fountains if you get a seat next to the window.(Same experience at the Scarpetta in Miami. The location in Miami is gorgeous.)
4	Cosmo holds some of the best restaurant in Vegas and i was lucky enough to dine in 2 of them..one of them, happen to be Scarpetta ! I chose this place for our company dinner as i thought it was classy and it wasn't going to bankrupt the company. A wine connoisseurs stopped by our table to offer his suggestions on whats the perfect wine to pair with our food..but in the end we stuck to what we liked - Chavac la blanc, 2 bottles please! on top of the wine we also ordered a bunch of different cocktails- my favorite was the gingery one! we ordered a bunch of different appetizers - the heirloom tomato salad (which of course had my fave, burrata cheese!!) -Scallops and yellowtail-side of mushroom- was soo flavorful! -potatoes- surprisingly a let down-side of pea soup-- yum yum in my tum tumI always appreciate it when they offer vegetarian stuff, this restaurant actually had a separate menu for vegetarian like myself - so really happy bout that! I also cant forget to mention the bread- HELLO, they have a special bread with salami placed already inside for you. and delicious eggplant sauce with vinegar and butter ! by the time my entree came i was already hella full from the drinks and all the little stuff i shoved in my mouth that i barely touched my entree- a pasta dishbut this doesnt mean i cant make room for dessert!! We had a deconstruction creme brulee- goodness gracious, i usually order this just for the suger crust on top and never eat the bottom- but this really made me want to lick the plate clean! -had cheesecake and some donut balls - both great !!
5	If you're a fan of pasta there is no place better than here.  Everything was spot on and high end.  A little tip, if you're going to reserve a booth make sure it's facing the Bellagio lake.  Everything we tried was really good, but the simple taste of that pasta and sauce is what's going to keep me coming back.  Perfect!  There are so many places in Vegas to choose from, but the pasta here is definitely the best!  Manja!
3	For the price of this place I found it to be just OK. Heirloom tomato salad was good but not great. Duck ravioli was a bit disappointing. The menu does offer many creative dishes and things you wouldn't find at your typical Italian place.
4	It is a clean trendy restaurant with good food, but it is a little pricey and I expected a little more after reading all of the reviews.  I would recommend going in with lower expectations and you will be happy.FoodThe food was very good, but it was not the best pasta I have eaten.  That honor goes to Babbo in New York.  I would give Scarpetta an 8/10.  It was rather pricey so not a good bang for the buck restaurant.  Dinner for 2 was $150 with 1 glass of wine each.  So it was good, but not great.Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli.  This was the best dish of the night.  There were about 10 small raviolis and they were cooked just right.  They were tender and full of flavor.  9/10Tomato & Basil Spaghetti.  It is a simple dish and the pasta is cooked al dente.  I would have preferred a little more tomato or basil flavors with the spaghetti, but it was good.  It looked small at first, but there was a good amount of pasta with the dish.  8/10.Colorado Lamb Loin.  The lamb was cooked medium rare and it was tender.  It was less gamey than other lambs and I think I wanted more flavor from the lamb itself.  6/10.  I expected more for $40.I had both the Rosso and the Rubrato red wines.  Both were excellent and they had a very through wine list.  9/10  AmbianceIt is quite a scene in the Comsopolitan.  There were a lot of women hitting the club on the level above the restaurant.  The restaurant itself had a view overlooking the strip.  Unfortunately, not all of the tables have that view and our table did not.  I would recommend making sure you get a table with a view.  You should for the price.  The restaurant looked clean and modern, similar to the hotel itself.  The chairs and tables were a little strange.  The chairs were hard to move and the table seemed to slide when you pushed away from it in your chair.  10/10ServiceThe waiter was attentive and kept checking on us throughout dinner.  He knew the menu and was informed about the dishes.  9/10
5	Wow! I was not expecting to love Scarpetta as much as I did. After a rather disappointing dining experience at Mastro's steakhouse the night before, I needed some Italian comfort food! From the moment we walked in I was in love. I love the lighting and the cozy booths next to the bar looked very inviting and I was hoping we would be sat at one. Thank god we weren't! Instead we were lead into the main dining room which has a perfect view of the Bellagio and Bellagio fountains! We not only had an amazing dinner but also enjoyed the fountain show every 1/2 hour. Now on to the actual meal. First of all, the bread selection in the basket are delicious! There was a prosciutto and mozzarella roll that was just to die for! For an appetizer we went with the heirloom tomato salad. Yummy! Next up we shared one of the pasta dishes that was on special. I can't remember what it was called, which is unfortunate because it was outstanding. Next we shared the roasted chicken, also very good! We shared a side of the carrots which were great. The combination of honey and the crunch of the nuts made the cooked carrots really stand out. Besides the meal itself, the service was outstanding. Since we shared each plate our server made sure that the items were split onto two plates so that we didn't have to reach across the table to get bites of food. Our water glasses never went below half full and our server was very attentive. I will definitely visit Scarpetta on my future visits to Vegas.
5	Our party of 4 came to celebrate a friend's bday based on a recommendation. All reviewers who had previously mentioned about the great view of the Bellagio fountain is correct. Though, you'd get a much better view if you were a party of 2 seated right by the window, of course! Service was great! Our server gave great recommendations and the other wait staff were fantastic! They kept bringing basket after delicious basket of bread with that citrus-infused olive oil and refilled our drinks constantly!We ordered the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms to share, duck and foie gras ravioli, pan-seared escolar with sun chokes, American Wagyu rib cap and a lobster pasta  that was the daily special. The polenta was AMAZING!! We shared it but I was ready to order another for myself. The polenta itself was so fine that it added to its creaminess and then topped with the truffled mushroom sauce added to its heavenliness! All our entrees were delicious (as evidenced by the fact that nothing was left behind), except the  lobster pasta. While I enjoyed the fresh and sweet lobster and LOVE the freshly made chewiness of the pasta (think udon in terms of thickness), the combination together with the sauce was not incredibly tasty. It almost resembled a lobster bisque type sauce and I think it made the dish too "seafood-y." Hands down our table's favorite was the American Wagyu rib cap - WOW!!! The meat itself was incredibly tender and so divine that it just melted in your mouth. Even without the sauce reduction that accompanied it, the beef was naturally flavorful and worth its price tag. You don't get much but, you definitely get a phenomenal piece of meat! As for the ravioli, like others have mentioned, it was a bit on the salty side and even before our order, I mentioned it to our server and he gladly told us that the dish can be altered to fit our tastes. The escolar, not on the menu, was perfectly cooked and just as juicy and flaky as fish should be - delicious! Overall, the order came out to be a bit over $200 with 2 iced teas, 1 appetizer and 4 entrees. It was well worth the deliciousness that filled our bellies, the unique experience of being in such a gorgeous atmosphere and great service! I would visit again in a heart beat and save my $$$ for the next special occasion.
4	Let me start by saying that I've eaten at some pretty incredible places in Vegas, spent a lot more money than I did here, but I absolutely enjoyed myself at Scarpetta just as much at a fraction of the cost. Everything was spot-on for our visit. Despite having made last-minute reservations, we requested and received a booth where all four of us could see the fountains. The appetizers were amazing: we tried the pea soup, polenta, scallops, and short ribs. For entrees, two of us had the duck and foie gras ravioli, which I will be dreaming about for a long time; the aged sirloin; and the spaghetti. One of us had dessert (yeah, that would be me), a coconut panna cotta in a guava soup. Perfect. My only complaint: the wine prices. They are, in a word, astronomical. I expect to pay double retail prices usually, maybe a bit more in Vegas, but Scarpetta is at least quadruple. So my husband chose beer, and I went with two glasses of wine and called it a day, rather than having to sell myself on the Strip for a bottle.
3	After having a great experience at D.O.C.G., I will really excited to dine at Scarpetta.  However, I walked away a bit underwhelmed by the food.  BUT the view of the Bellagio fountains at sundown was fantastic and the service was the best I have had anywhere.  We had half a dozen oysters to start with, duck foie gras ravioli, and truffled pasta.  The first bite was very good but after that everything was very one-noted and boring.  Taste buds were not enthused by the end of dinner.  While the staff was VERY good the service can get slow.  We almost missed our 10:30pm show as we were at dinner for over 2 hours. My only regret is that I should have tried the Spaghetti!
5	Simply AMAZING in details and taste! A must for the love of food.
5	Recently dined at Scarpetta during a work trip to Vegas and loved every minute! First of all, The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful hotel; arguably the nicest the Vegas. It's so chic and luxe, you can't help but feel sophisticated while there. Scarpetta itself is also very, very nice. My co-worker and I were seated by the window with an amazing view of the Bellagio water show. Fabulous! But more importantly, the food was delicious! Everything from the cocktails to the bread basket was wonderful. We ordered the berry smash cocktails (perfect and not too sweet!), scallops, heirloom tomato salad, spaghetti (simple yet amazing), short rib ravioli and the best dessert on the planet, the cinnamon sugar donuts with warm nutella in the middle and caramelized bananas on the side (are they for real?!?). Bottom line, if you're in town you MUST go to Scarpetta. You won't regret it!
4	Came here on a Friday night at 7pm with family and friends. It was a party of 10 so they sat us in the way back room. The lighting is dim and the restaurant is more quiet and elegant than loud and casual. You definitely can wear casual attire, but there were some people in very nice clothes, but what do you expect, its VEGAS! We were given bread after getting our drinks/water. THE BREAD IS BOMB HERE! It's not just one type of bread, they serve all sorts of different kinds of bread. They have sourdough bread, mini squares of garlic toast, and the best of all, cheese and salami bread. SOO SOO GOOD. On top of that, they give you choice of butter, eggplant spread, or citrus olive oil. I think some of us got full of the bread and the bread is complementary and you can get as much as you want.I got the spaghetti and OMG, it was actually pretty good! No wonder it is worth $24. It wasn't your traditional meat spaghetti. I don't know what it was, it was just really good! 5 people at the table got the spaghetti. LOL.A friend got the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli and I tried one. It was actually not too bad, but definitely cannot get it as my own meal. Just didn't fit my taste. It just seemed a bit mushy. Overall this place was really good, but just a warning, portions are small for the price. This place in my opinion is considered more like fine dining than just your usual let me eat a lot for cheap. I honestly wouldn't have come here unless I was with my family. My friends and I would not have chosen this place because it is a bit out of our we are POOR college student budgets.
4	Came here for a special occasion after Nora's Wine Bar closed.  We needed something that would wow us.  The ambiance certainly did, the service was great, and the food certainly did at times.We did the tasting menu.  And the bottom line is that we were very happy, but not as happy as we could possibly be.  The expectation was high, and so was the price...so at the price we really needed it to come through for a 5 star rating...it ended as a 4 or 4.5 star experience for us.There were a few items that left us wanting.  The spaghetti was good, but not the best thing I ever ate good (pasta or tomato... either way it was just above average good.)    The spaghetti was simple and lacked anything to set it off as truly amazing--coming off above-average, but slightly flat.  Likewise we enjoyed the duck & foie gras ravioli, but not at the raved about level we hoped for. The raviolis were overly rich and lacking balance...we were vary happy to just have a small portion in the tasting menu.Some of our favorites were black cod, branzino, yellowtail, and creamy polenta with fricassee of truffled mushrooms.We were also happy with the bread basket...how can you not be though?...a bread basket that includes a stromboli of rolled with cheeses and salami...yes please!We had an amazing seat overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.
4	A hotel contact set me up for dinner here on a Friday night after a long day of touring venues for work.Finally it was time to unwind!The dining room is dimly lit and a great place for a special occasion/ or pre show dinner with your significant other.Our server was quite nice, and attentive.I was in the mood for some bivalves and got 1/2  a dozen. They were really small and disappointing and not really the best that I've had.We also had the beef tartare which was also quite good, but not as good as the one at BIX in SF. For entrees the husband had a ban seared fish, what type of fish it evades me, but it was cooked perfectly; crispy on the outside, soft and moist inside.I had the lobster pasta of some sort, very rich and al dente,  I could certainly taste the flavor of the fresh herbs used in the butter sauce. I shared this with the husband and he thoroughly enjoyed it.The highlight was the fish entree and also the desserts.We had the trio of bombolini-some kind of fried dough/beignets looking things. But when we bit into them, they had this glorious melted chocolate inside! Every fried bit of goodness had a different filling, one chocolate, the other custard, and I forget what the other ones, but they were fried bites of perfection!  It had nutella and vanilla creme inside. Yummy!The other dessert was this fruit and creme concoction, sorry the name escapes my mind but it was definetely really good and really rich. The server made a mistake and gave us a third dessert- the chocolate molten cake. It was also super good but by that time we were desserted out. I don't know what the bill was as it was comped but I imagine maybe $150 for two with a glass of wine. Not bad for some really good bites and sinful dessert to go with it!I would recommend if staying at the cosmos.
5	Had an interesting experience at scarpettas last night. After doing a lot of research on the Internet, we made reservations there for our 21st anniversary. When we arrived we were told their kitchen was closed due to a "mishap" but we could order from an alternate menu. We were a little confused but decided to go ahead since we were all dressed up and ready to eat. Once we were seated and looking at the menu, we realized that they were serving food from their sister restaurant next door. We were very disappointed since we've read so many good things about their food on yelp.     Then they brought out a complimentary appetizer which was very good. Had the meal and then they brought us 2 delicious desserts, one had "happy anniversary" written in chocolate on the plate. Very nice. Then the big surprise came when the waiter informed us that the meal was on the house!!!  Totally unexpected! maybe the waiter sensed our dissappointment earlier in the evening, but we hadn't complained at all. So... I can't give an honest review of their food. However, the fact that they gave us our meal free says A LOT about how they feel about their customers. Very classy.  They made things right in a big way. As for ambience... Very classy, dark, contemporary and cool. They sat us by the window with a nice view of the bellagio fountains. Again, can't tell u about scarpettas food, but how can I not give them 5 stars when they treated my wife and I so well.
5	Love it. Simply elegant food that is cooked to perfection. We were lucky to get good seats next to the window that overlooks the Bellagio fountain that made the meal extra special. The servers were numerous. We had a different person for almost every type of service; one guy who pours the water, another who seats you, another who takes your order, another who brings out the dish. It was very fun to get pampered. We split the spaghetti and ordered mushrooms and brocollini as sides. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the tomato sauce is creamy with great flavors. Really a satisfying meal despite it's simplicity. The sides are as amazing as the main dish if not more! Again, we didn't order anything too exciting but the flavors are spot on. Will definitely come again and look forward to having the same dishes all over again.
5	One of the best food I had in a long time. I did not know what to expect and was pleasantly surprised. The food was delicious, very refined, well balanced, and the service was outstanding. I had the creme of polenta, the brazzino and the caramel with chocolate mousse. These were outstanding, very well prepared, well balanced, not to much of one or another flavor. The service was great well attentioned. The reception as usual need major upgrade. She made us wait although we had a reservation and the place was not busy, and looked at us with an attitude when I asked how much longer we will have to wait. But beside that it is an outstanding food for the price. Ii can definitely compete with the well known 3 stars restaurants of las Vegas. I highly recommend it.
4	What a fantastic experience on the strip of las vegas. I didn't expected the food to be so good. We went there for dinner in November and the first course and main plats were all outstanding!I had the beet salad which was fantastic. Then, my entree bronzino was so flavorful as well. The service was impeccable and the only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because the receptionists who were off putting making us wait needlessly even though there were plenty of seats.
5	I had a wonderful dinner with girlfriends here.  We enjoyed the tasting menu that was full of extra bonuses from the chef.  Everything was so tasty and well presented.  The waitstaff were knowledgable and helpful.  My favorite was the simple spaghetti course that was so flavorful and left me searching for the recipe online after dinner.
3	My husband and I had a table by the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains, which was lovely. The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated and feels warm and intimate. The background music was kind of random as it felt like Frank Sinatra or some jazz music should have been playing.I am going to start with the food because that is whats really important, isn't it?? The breads are a lovely way to begin the meal especially because they offer a variety of dips and breads. The citrus infused olive oil was divine as was the extra soft butter. The salami and cheese stuffed bread looked amazing but I don't eat meat so my husband was able to eat 2 pieces to himself. He said it tasted as good as it looked. The menu is small but offers some great choices. We started with the beet salad and a root vegetable soup. Both were excellent and the presentations were beautiful. For our main courses, we had the lobster pasta dish and the cheese agnolotti with a truffle butter sauce. I loved the agnolotti - it was a simple dish that didn't have to try to be anything else. Butter + truffles = love. My husbands dish had generous chunks of lobster, a delicious sauce, and perfectly prepared handmade pasta. We were in foodie heaven with every bite. We were sorry we didn't get dessert but we were so full so only ordered coffee. If this review was for food alone, I would give it 5 stars but here are some of the reasons why I wont give this restaurant a 5 star review: The service was only OK.  It wasn't over the top as one would expect from this type of establishment. Our waiter was pleasant but did not  go over anything on the menu. I am sure other diners had a better experience b/c we heard him talking away with the table next to us. It was strange b/c he did not offer one recommendation to us nor did he talk about any of the dishes or how they were prepared. The didn't "sweep" the table between dishes. Normally things like this don't bother me but we had bread crumbs on the table and when you are eating at an expensive restaurant you are paying for food and overall dining experience.  Which brings me to one more gripe, they didn't offer any extras like other expensive restaurants typically do. There was no Amuse Bouche (yes this is a French thing) but places like Tom Colicchio's Craft gives you a tasting to start with in addition to your breads. Overall: I would like to give this place 4 stars b/c the food was excellent but for the price and reputation, I was expecting a better dining experience. I am wondering if the Beverly Hills Scarpetta would be better?
4	I have been here twice and will come back again, willing to try the one in Beverly Hills as well. So I made reservations here this weekend knowing that my friends would enjoy the ambiance and food. Was a success, they kept thanking me for bringing them. This time I tried the Duck Foie Gras ravioli, it did not disappoint. I also recommend the mushroom polenta soup, very rich in flavor. The duck breast and veal chop which I had last time were amazing so I wanted to try other dishes. I shared food with some of my friends which is an excellent way to try multiple items, we don't mind, sharing is caring. The lamb my friend ordered medium was very good, although I would have ordered it medium rare it would of been better. As far as the service goes, they we're very attentive to filling our waters and replacing our drinks. When we paid, I gave the waiter a coupon which they emailed me for 15% off the entire meal, no problem. One of the waiters also helped me put on my jacket, very courteous. Every detail counts!
4	Decor is amazing. They have a beautiful view of the strip and the interior is quite cozy with the low light setting.The food in general was pretty good. The scallop and spaghetti were both so yummy! The noodle was slightly too al dente for me, but the sauce was so amazing. The Duck Foie Gras Ravioli had a strong foie gras taste to it. I couldn't really taste the duck. My least favorite of the night had to be the veal dish. The meat was dry and very lackluster.The most amazing thing was the bread basket. It comes with a variety of dips and breads. There is one warm bread with salami embedded in the inside. I wish I have a whole basket of that!Anywho, I would definitely come back for the bread and to try the spaghetti again. :)
5	Scarpetta was a great find in the Cosmopolitan hotel in Las Vegas.  The decor is intimate yet trendy - as you walk into the restaurant along the bar there are several tables set into nooks along the wall which seem pretty cool.  The main dining room is full of comfortable tables although the aisles do get a bit crowded from time to time.The service was good.  Our waiter was a bit verbose and over-the-top with his descriptions of the menu items but he provided answers to our questions and recommendations throughout the meal.The food is the real star of the show here.  It was outstanding from the bread basket through dessert.  We ordered several appetizers including the polenta mushroom soup (creamy and rich), the beet salad, and the braised short ribs (outstanding flavor and cooked perfectly).  Several of us ordered the spaghetti for dinner and really enjoyed it - the sauce was nice and light and the basil really popped in the dish.  We also commented on the quality of the homemade pasta noodles.  A simple yet well done dish.  Others had the ravioli and tortellini dishes which were equally good.For dessert they offer a banana and nutella dish with doughnuts.  This dessert is not to be underestimated - it was fantastic!  We also ordered the chocolate cake dessert which was very rich and full of chocolate goodness as well.I highly recommend Scarpetta for dinner if you are in Vegas, you will not be disappointed.
4	My girlfriend and I spent our Thanksgiving holiday in Vegas with our respective families.  The original plan for Thanksgiving dinner was to go to Caesars' Bacchanal Buffet, but since we were staying at the Cosmopolitan, the logistics of getting the family together there scrapped that Plan A.  Plan B was to go to the Cosmo's Wicked Spoon Buffet, but the three-hour plus wait resulted in us scrapping that one, too.  As a result, we made our way to Scarpetta since everyone likes Italian (right?) and they could accommodate our party of eight without reservations at 6:30 pm on Thanksgiving Day for dinner.  By this point, we were just happy that we found someplace...anyplace...for dinner.  We were seated in a nice, small, private room looking out over the Bellagio's fountains to the north.  Matthew, our server, was exceedingly professional and knowledgeable about the menu, offering spot on food and drink recommendations.  We started off with drinks while we looked over the menu.  I had the Billionaire ($16) made with Elijah Craig, pomegranate syrup, Pernod Absinthe, and lemon juice.  Frankly, the cocktail was well made and pleasing, however, for the price, I wasn't impressed with the choice of Elijah Craig as the base spirit unless it was for their 18 or 20 year old stuff.  Of course, since they didn't specify, I assumed it was for the standard 12 year old bourbon.  For starters, the table shared an order of Crispy Fritto Misto consisting of seafood, vegetables, artichokes, herbs & lemon ($18) and an order of Creamy Polenta topped with a fricassee of truffled mushrooms ($17).  All elements of the fritto misto were fried to perfection, crispy, without a hint of sogginess, leaving the mix of shrimp, calamari and octopus tender.  I like polenta.  The polenta was creamy as advertised and as good a polenta as I've ever had.  That said, it was $17 for polenta...a bit pricey.  Chef Scott Conant and his Scarpetta are known for its fresh made pastas, so for my main course, I had the Pici, a thick, spaghetti-like pasta, with lobster, preserved tangerine & bottarga ($36). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scarpetta-las-vegas?select=EmJ-zvY2Ihq8gwDluU6IPQ#qPDstnGpczl7IsR5MB4p5g  I'd never had pici before and it was a hearty, filling pasta.  It was tossed with restraint with what I'm assuming was only olive oil, the preserved tangerine, bottarga (a dried, pressed fish roe), and tender chunks of lobster claw meat.  The pasta dish was outstanding as the flavor profile and aromatics of each ingredient were present and in perfect balance.  While it was one seriously pricey bowl of pasta, it tasted like it was worth every bite as it hit my tongue.  The gf and I split a side of roasted mushrooms consisting of trumpet royale, beech, and shitake mushrooms, topped with pecorino and trucioleto vinegar ($11) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scarpetta-las-vegas?select=EmJ-zvY2Ihq8gwDluU6IPQ#EmJ-zvY2Ihq8gwDluU6IPQ  It was a nice plate of fungus and excellent complement to my pasta. Scarpetta may not have been our first choice for Thanksgiving dinner, but it was definitely a good choice.  The food was well-executed and delivered amazing flavor.  Service was attentive without any hint of intrusiveness.  The only downside was that it was quite expensive and some items seemed overpriced for what was received.  Still, Scarpetta is a fine restaurant and perfect for a special occasion...even Thanksgiving dinner.
4	Scarpetta is an excellent restaurant, but it is also extremely overpriced. The portion sizes are very small and the prices are ridiculous.I started my meal off with the roasted diver scallops. These are served with sunchokes, pinenuts, gremolata and mushrooms. Awesome appetizer...fresh and delicious.For my main course, I ordered perigord black truffle tagliatelle. This truffle was definitely amazing, I was just disappointed in the quantity. They put literally three small shavings in my dish of plain pasta (no vegetables...nothing) and this cost $65. I understand that 1 oz of these truffles is $60-100, but at the same time they could have at least put 5 or 6 shavings. I thought this was a total rip-off. I mean this is black truffle, NOT even white truffle! I have been to other high-end restaurants where I pay the same price and they will literally shave a whole truffle into my pasta. Next time, I will boil my own plain pasta at home and order these truffles online. The cost will be the same but at least I will be getting what I pay for...VALUE!!For dessert, I ended my meal with the amedei chocolate cake served with gelato and salted caramel sauce. Rich and luscious dessert to finish off the night.                              I recommend checking out Scarpetta for dinner, just avoid ordering the black and white truffles and be sure to bring a full wallet!
4	The view----gorgeous. The setting, intimate, modern, subdued. The service, perfect. The food, nothing too surprising- good enough a quality, on par with my expectations, but didn't exceed it. Again though, the restaurant itself was so peaceful and powerfully refined, and this was itself a good enough reason for us, because its hard to find peace in Vegas. Whats nice about the restaurants at Cosmopolitan is each has its own character. And so depending on your mood, you can dial in what you prefer. If you stay at the hotel, everything is a breeze too coz their reservation line is all connected into your tv. Fancy.  The Cosmo has it up there with selection of good restaurants. You do have to pay for it, of course. Thats Cosmo. Its $$$, but they do it well.
5	Excellent service..food was very good..beautiful vegas views..this is a must!
5	Love this place!  Went her for my girlfriend's birthday and was delicious!  I had their Aged Sirloin of Beef Rare as possible for $36 and the Spaghetti Tomatoes with Basil is to die for here.  Service and atmosphere was perfect.Can't want to go here again. =D
5	Scarpetta is a definite must go! The ambiance is warm and inviting. Everything from the short rib appetizer to the signature spaghetti with tomato and basil was prepared perfectly. I can't say enough good things about this amazing restaurant.
4	I had been dying to try Scarpetta for about a year and we finally got around to it this weekend. You walk up to the bar area which is a skinny hallway that eventually opens up into a beautiful large room. We lucked out and got a table with a view of the Bellagio fountains. It was a really great view and so fun to watch. Our server greeted us right away and he had great suggestions and a good sense of humor, always a plus.  We started with the complimentary bread basket and it was super fantastic, possibly my favorite bread basket on the strip! There is a delicious stromboli bread filled with warm meat and cheese. There is also an herb bread, a nice piece of crusty bread, and a little cloud like square pillow of bread. There are also 3 spreads, an eggplant, a mascarpone buttery spread, and a citrus olive oil. I am not a fan of eggplant in general so I didn't try that one but I couldn't decide which of the other 2 I liked more. So yummy!I started with the Heirloom beet salad. There was an array of different colored beets, 2 little wedges of la tur cheese, a few micro-greens, and some hazelnuts sprinkled throughout the plate. Everyone together was great, I just wish there was a bit more acid to break up the savoriness of the dish. I could only stomach half of it before it just became too rich, luckily my husband was happy to eat the other half. I moved on to my entree, the short rib agnolotti. The pasta was so delicate and light. The horseradish brown butter had a little kick to it and overpowered the dish just a little. Again, I found this dish very savory and wasn't able to eat the entire plate. Again, my husband saved the day. My husband ordered the turbot, it was delicate and so delicious with a light and airy crust. The little parsnips hidden under the fish were my favorite part of the dish, so well done. We also got a side of the broccoli Rabe, which was good but nothing special. Our waiter talked us into dessert and we were so happy he did. We ordered the Nutella and vanilla creme Bombolini and can't recommend it enough. We received six little fried donuts filled with Nutella or vanilla creme with a yummy caramelized banana on the side. Everything worked so well together. It wasn't overly sweet, just a nice end to the meal. Overall, we had a great meal with a great view! I would definitely go back, if only for the bread basket.
5	We came here twice.  The second time service was awesome!  The waiter we had was so attentive and cool as in hip to everything.  The food was amazing and deliciously consistent with the New York location, but you're in Vegas!!!  It's nice they have seasonal items so there is always something new to try.  I started with the autumn vegetable soup (dreamy and creamy), my husband had the tartart special.  He loved it and wouldn't share.  Then we had a pasta course, I can't stop getting the spaghetti.....i can't!  Colin got the short rib agnolotti, which was very buttery good...  Then we had the nerve to share the 24 oz ribeye,  it was soooooo good, tender and perfectly seasoned.  We actually ate it all!  plus the sides, horseradish mashed potatoes....Mario, the manager was extremely nice and helped us out with a service problem we experienced on our last visit and made everything perfect for this visit.  We did not expect the extra desserts brought out for us to try.  You have to try the little donuts (bomboloni) and the coconut panacotta was very tropical with a guava sauce...My favorite group, Depeche Mode was playing and when they found out, they changed the playlist to only play their songs!  There are so many choices of places to try in Vegas and this is a must.  Worth every penny and worth several more visits.
4	Came here with a bunch of friends for a nice sit down fancy Italian style restaurant and had a great meal. There is a good wine selection and there is a fair selection for vegetarians. The service was very good
5	Did not know spaghetti could taste this good!First off, I love the ambiance of this place and the fact that you can see the Bellagio fountains right outside. And I don't know why, but the water tasted really good..Anyways, back to the food! Basket of breads was good and the butter was magical! Don't really know what that green sauce was but it was a little weird for my taste. My boyfriend and I just had an AYCE meal before this, so we decided to split the scallops and the spaghetti. Our server had both plated separately so that's always a pleasant surprise! Eating the scallops was the first time I had ever eaten brussels sprouts and I'm not sure if that was a good idea, 'cause given their bad rep, what if I get them somewhere else expecting them to taste like these ones and they just don't match up?! I'll just have to deal I guess. But yeah the scallops were delicious, and the spaghetti was confusing. How does something so simple taste so good?? All in all a good experience, they even brought out petits fours with a candle for my friend's birthday celebration.Will come back when my wallet is fuller!
3	It was a nice modern style restaurant. The menu noted that the pasta was imported from a place called Scarpetta. (I'll look it up one of these days) The ambience was nice but however it might have been too dark and dim mainly because my eyes started to hurt after awhile. (*I ate with a large group. We were given a private room which was a bonus.)I ordered a Mediterranean Branzini (fish). It looked beautiful on the plate which is always nice. After taking one bite, I noticed that the skin was extremely crispy but unfortunately the fish came out a bit dry. The dish was really depended on the sauce for it to work for me. The dish was also served with thinly sliced leeks, two tiny shrimps, and two mussels. The shrimp and leeks were delicious but the mussel was a bit gritty. I'm not sure if that's really my thing but the flavor was good though. This dish was worth a shot but I preferred the dishes that others in my party enjoyed such as short rib Agnalotti, Kobe beef, and some kind of chicken dish. The chicken that I sample was completely moist. I was very surprised and at the time was very jealous that I didn't ordered that instead.Anyways, there was a complimentary salami/cheese bread in the bread basket. I recommend it. Don't forget to try the creamy dessert of pana cotta and guava. It was very sweet, refreshing, and light.
4	What an awesome italian restaurant.  The entrance is super secluded, and as the hostess led us down an empty hallway it seemed like the place was abandoned, but the hallway opened up into a large dining room.  We were seated by the windows and could see the Bellagio fountains which was nice.     I got the Berry Smash to drink which was very average, a little too strong for my taste.  The bread basket they brought out was great, focacia, french bread and one more were average.  The best bread had salami and basil and maybe even cheese baked into it- SO GOOD.  There was a citrus olive oil to dip in, as well as butter, and an eggplant tomato spread.  Definitely helped to liven up the more basic bread.       The duck and foie gras ravioli were great.  First time having foie gras and we were not disappointed.  Rich and delicious.  The spaghetti was unreal good- I did not think spaghetti could be that great.  Finally, the veal chop looked great, and was very rich and tender.  The chocolate cake for dessert was probably the low point- it reminded us of an Applebee's dessert, although the presentation was slightly better than that.       The only other con was our server- he was very awkward and seemed to appear at all the wrong times to talk to us about the menu.  He rambled on about dishes just a little too much.       Would definitely have given a 5 with a different server and had we picked a different and hopefully better dessert.
4	My sister asked me to find a good place to have pre-Christmas dinner with our Mom in Las Vegas and I actually found Scarpetta by searching for top rated restaurants near the strip with foie gras. Seriously. I need my foie gras.With the recent foie gras ban in California keeping me from one of my favorite delicacies, I definitely wanted to have it if I was crossing state lines.  Scarpetta stuck out to me because it wasn't a French restaurant, but an Italian one, which is my Mom's favorite... and a great way for everyone to be happy.Scarpetta was perfect. Situated in the new and beautiful Cosmopolitan hotel, it has an amazing view of the Bellagio and definitely has that upscale "we are dining somewhere really fancy" vibe.  The server was really enthusiastic about the dishes and described them each eloquently (I read one person's review that found this annoying, but I thought it was great!) and helped with recommendations for what to order.Starter:POLENTA with Mushrooms. Oh. My God. To DIE FOR. Seriously.  Wow.  Best dish of the night and that's saying a lot because everything was great.Mains:Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli - Obviously what I ordered and obviously I loved it.  I was also pleasantly surprised by the portion size. Usually when you order ravioli you get like, 4, and are left being hungry, but not in this case. It was a generous portion.  I would have loved there to be more foie gras but that's just being greedy.Fennel Spiced Black Cod - My mom ordered this and it was probably the least interesting thing that we had, but still delicious.Black Tonarelli - My sister ordered this and it was also amazing, al dente, just as it should be.  It took about 10 minutes to come out after the rest of the dishes and they kept apologizing profusely for it and then sent out TWO free desserts to make up for it.(FREE!) Desserts:Mascarpone Cheesecake - lighter than your average cheesecake, which made me like it more.Amaedi Chocolate Cake - like a lava cake, but better.. the perfect texture / consistency with hot melted chocolate inside... served with almond ice cream...This was one of the best Italian meals I've ever had outside of Italy,  and I've tried all of those overrated high end Italian restaurants in Los Angeles. I was expecting much less, thinking this was a bit of a tourist trap that I was buying into for the evening. It ended up being so much more. I was so pleasantly surprised and happy with the experience. Also, no BS portion sizes.. these are hearty portions and you will leave full.Definitely one of my top (if not the top) Italian restaurants outside Italy.  I just may need to go visit the Scarpetta in LA.
5	(1st review of 2013!)My goodness, Scott Conant - you gave us THE best meal in Vegas, EVER!Located in the new Cosmopolitan Hotel, Scarpetta's chic, dark, ambience welcomes you and your party (I observed some ranging from business meetings to bachelorette parties and everything in between, with different types of seating arrangements to  match) and the vibe was always cool and collected. The service felt disconnected - I would've removed 1 star because of that, but the food was so superb that I won't! We didn't have reservations because it was a last minute decision to dine there, but we were seated right away regardless.We skipped appetizers and went straight for the entrees. My eyes went straight to the DUCK & FOIS GRAS RAVIOLI! My heart jumped for joy realizing that fois gras is completely legal to sell here! I ordered it and it was the right decision! The pasta was cooked perfectly and the savory filling had a creamy texture that was bursting with flavor. It was like the perfect marriage of poultry and red meat flavor. Definitely unforgettable! My husband enjoyed his TAGLIATELLE (with fall vegetables, truffle zabaglione & guanciale) - it was very comforting and hearty.We were full, but were able to make room for dessert: NUTELLA AND VANILLA CREME BOMBOLONI which consisted of Nutella ganache, caramalized bananas & Nutella powder. WOW! The bomboloni (like donut holes) were lovely fluffy and crispy, filled with either chocolate or vanilla cream. The bananas were fantastic, as were the ganache and powder, adding decadent levels of texture.So glad our impromptu evening of dining led us to Scarpetta. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
3	I am forced to drop the star rating from 4 to a 3 because of the lack of consistency, which is a factor at high end restaurants.  Their spaghetti over this past weekend was terrible.In fact, I actually returned the first batch. It was watery and the noodles were overcooked and broken. The second batch was only slightly better but definitely not the same in flavor, texture and consistency that I experienced in Miami and again in Vegas last fall.It's still excellent service and probably the prettiest and fanciest restaurant at the Cosmo. They will always hold that title.
3	I had such high hopes for Scarpetta. We came on a Sunday night at 6:40PM, a bit late for our reservation but we were seated promptly.The bread came quickly, and was amazing. There was sourdough, a type with meat in it, ciabatta, and some other small roll. It came with olive oil, tomato, and cheese mixed with butter as toppings, which were really delicious.The creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms was also quite amazing, especially on the bread.For some reason though, when our entrees came, everything just went downhill.The duck and foie gras ravioli just tasted weird and a bit too salty. The short rib agnolotti wasn't very tender or flavorful. The vegetable spaghetti was a bit better and the broccoli was pretty good. Overall though, a bit disappointed. Perhaps it was just an off night.
3	Disappointed...that's the best way to describe my experience at the much hyped Scarpetta, at the beautiful Cosmopolitan Hotel.  Our group of four shared several appetizers, entrees and deserts, but none were memorable.  Portion sizes were very small, and way over priced.  Of the starters, the thimble of steak tartare was tasty, but was only served with three slivers of garlic toast, so one of us got short changed.  The oysters and polenta were mediocre at best.  Our entrees included the signature tomato and basil spaghetti, a short rib filled pasta, and a carbonara style squid ink pasta that was very bland.  None of the main dishes were served very hot, and cooled quickly as we transferred them to our plates.  The deserts were undoubtedly the best part of the meal. The lava style chocolate cake, and the sugar coated donuts were a hit.  The cheesecake had a sour aftertaste.  Service was excellent at Scarpetta, as we were attended to by a flurry of servers.  Unfortunately, good service is not enough to bring me back next time.  If you are in Vegas and want to try a new restaurant, go somewhere else, but stop by the Cosmopolitan to check out the hotel and enjoy a drink in one of the many beautiful lounges.
5	Group of six had an outstanding meal - risotto to die for
4	Very modern and chic italian restaurant. Nice ambiance, good lighting and fabulous view overlooking the Bellagio fountains so be sure to request a window seat! Food is delicious and fresh!
3	I think I might have had too high of hopes.  It would really be a 3 1/2 star rating.  It took awhile to get a cocktail but I understood that we were a bigger party.  The cheeses we got for an appetizer were really good.  I ordered veal even though I know this is more a pasta place but we were getting the spaghetti to share.  The veal was ok but didn't seem worth the cost.  The spaghetti was tasty but I didn't understand the stellar reviews on it.  The service got better and overall I enjoyed the dinner - but just seemed a bit overrated.
4	Scarpetta, located on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, has roughly the same menu as its New York counterpart, including the famous Spaghetti with butter - er, basil - and you can expect the same eyebrow-raising prices.  But it's delicious and, besides, you're in Vegas so you clearly already hate money.  The atmosphere was relaxed, upscale and quiet, which may or may not be what you're looking for in a Vegas dinner.The service is a bit of a different story.  On the one hand, there were periods when we couldn't get anyone's attention for minutes at a time.  On the other hand, our server was overattentive whenever he was at our table.  For instance, when we were ordering, after we placed our order he would offer commentary on each dish.  This might just be a pet peeve of mine, but if I've already decided on a dish, I don't need you to tell me that it "appears small on the plate, but the filling and the reduction are actually quite rich, so I think you'll be satisfied."  Just say "OK" or nothing at all.To start I ordered the yellowtail, which was incredible and I only wish there was more of it.  The sea salt was a really nice touch and I'm probably now going to be tempted to salt all of my sashimi going forward.For my main, I had the duck and foie gras ravioli, which was similarly delicious (and enough food, I thought). According to our server, most people order three courses, but my group felt like two was enough.
3	The food was Ok, we got Pici and the portion was small and very fishy tasting. The bread was great and it comes with oil and a butter and a ciabatta which is excellent. I got the roasted organic chicken which was cruncy on the outside and moist on the inside. The wine list is extensive, the glass was pricy. We had a group of 4 guys next to us that had been drinking and they were loud and obnoxious, so it was not the best for me and the wife. It is in Vegas so that maybe expected. The pricing seemed a bit high.
5	My friend had tried the Scarpetta in LA and had raved about it, so when she came to town we had to try the one at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. She was absolutely right (she usually is ;) and I have been back several times since first trying it with her. The restaurant is beautifully done .. very contemporary and chic .. and most every seat boasts a fabulous view of the Bellagio Fountain show. It's a great place for entertaining out-of-town guests for sure. One time we even had the privilege of being seated at the "Chefs" Table (which is in a private room) with a prime view of the Fountain Show and the entire kitchen. The food .. what can I say .. everything we've tried there is spectacular! My favorites are the Short Rib Agnolotti, which is simply melt-in-your mouth goodness and the Tagliatelle with Fall vegetables, truffle zabagalione & guanciale, which is just the right amount of truffle and is nice and light. I've also tried that famous Spaghetti .. it's good, very good, but not something that I would order again. Some of my dining partners have tried the Lobster Pasta, the Black Cod and the Duck Breast and the little bites I tried were good, but not necessarily items I would order. From the starters, my favorites are the Creamy Polenta, again with Truffle :) and the Braised Short Ribs of Beef. The Calamari and the Scallops are also good, but we keep going back to the Polenta. Dessert .. the most important part of the meal .. the second time we were there, we saw something at another table that looked delicious and right up our alley .. turns out it was not on their menu but from the neighboring Scott Conant eatery DOCG Enoteca. It's called the Salted Caramel Budino with Pretzel Toffee.  It is super creamy and  the perfect balance of both sweet and salty at the same time. We shared it the first go-around but now order one each whenever we go .. and that rarely happens. The service is impeccable, friendly knowledgeable servers and bussers who go the extra mile and have great personalities. The first time we were there my dining partner mentioned she was heading to DC the following weekend and our server came back with a list of fun things / places for her to do while she was there.
5	I went to this restaurant just to try the Spaghetti with tomatoes & basil as seen on the Food Network.  Unbelievable!  Also, can't forget the braised beef short ribs with polenta & truffled mushrooms.  So many choices in Vegas but this is one to check out.  Wine prices are a bit on the high side.
4	I almost filled myself up with their pepperoni and cheese bread.  Simply amazing.  Since it's complimentary, it's easy to go crazy on them without ordering an entree.  But who would be foolish enough to do that?The service here is what you would expect of a nice fancy restaurant.  There's never a moment where my water was empty.  The waiters will give you a great recommendation for wines to pair with your meals.  Since you're already at a nice restaurant, you might as well have some wine with your meal.  If you're not an alcoholic, now is the time to start!
5	If you are looking for best pasta on strip, this is the place! If you want the best view of Bellagio fountain from dinning table at Scarpetta, table 84 is your answer. The ambiance was quiet and intimate. It's perfect for a romantic dinner and conversation. I came here few times and never had anything I didn't like. Scarpetta serves very tasty breads. Don't fill yourself up with those yummies before your real food arrives! All pasta noodles here are hand made fresh. Lobster Pici( thick, hand-rolled pasta) is my love on pasta menu. It comes with big chunks of lobster and very tasty spiced sauce. I also really enjoy Spiced Duck Breast, Mediterranean Branzino and Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli from entree menu. One more thing you have to remember! Save some space for deserts! COCONUT PANNA COTTA is a MUST ORDER. It's very light and refreshing. It's a perfect way to end your dinner. I totally fall in love with Scarpetta as soon as I discovered this gem on strip. I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do.
5	My boyfriend and I chose this restaurant as our splurge meal for the weekened becuase of the reviews it had online. The ambiance is quiet and romantic and most tables have a view of the Bellagio fountains. The bread has cheese and peperoni in it, like a litte stromboli. The grapefruit gimlet was good, not the best drink I had on this trip but dinner was amazing. I asked my waiter which of three pastas he reccomended and I was suprised when he reccomened the least expensive one. It was the ricotta and truffle pasta. It was very simple but everything worked perfectly together. Best passta dish I have ever had. My boyfriend the lamb loin which was perfectly cooked. We shared the panna cotta. I belive it was coconut and passion fruit. I would definitely reccomend the panna cotta and the pasta. The wait staff was friendly and just the right amount of attentive. Definitely my favorite restaurant at the cosmo!
4	We went in after a show ONLY to try the duck and foie gras ravioli. We intended to sit at the bar because we thought there would be a wait at 9 on a Friday night, but they were able to seat us. The house bread basket was amazing. Three different types of bread with a paired dipping sauce. Along with the ravioli we ordered the scallops. Both were delicious. We had just tried the foie gras ravioli at Craft Steakhouse, and I think I prefer the filling there. But, the pasta here is so fresh and amazing. The scallops were on point as well! I would love to come back and try a full dinner here. The service was amazing as well, the server did not care that we were only there to try one dish.
4	This place is good. Definitely affordable fine dining and I would recommend friends to stop by. Is it amazing and must try? Yes and no. I'm sure there are other Vegas establishments more on the wow factor, but pricewise for food and the experience, yes. Please do visit.I came here with a friend and were able to request and get a seat by the window that looks over to the Bellagio water fountains. Pretty cool I must say.The bread. Oh my. They serve awesome bread here! There was a piece of sourdough bread on top of the basket covering two pieces of warm wheat type bread, two rosemary focaccia, and our favorite, cheese and salami wrapped bread!!! This last one was soooooo yummy!! The awesome bread basket came with salted butter, a tomato tapenade, and olive oil. Oh my, we finished most of the bread basket, except the rosemary focaccia and had to ask for a second round of bread to accompany our meal! Yes, that good. The salami cheese bread was probably my most favorite thing for dinner lol.I ordered the Lobster Pici, which was good. There were large pieces of lobster meat in it! There better be if it costed $38! The pici was cooked perfectly. Nothing worng with this dish, but tasted like something I could have made at home. My friend ordered the Ricotta and Mushroom Agnolotti. This was really good. I had a few pieces and the wrapper on the agnolotti was super soft! It should be since they make their own spaghetti everyday.My first choice for entree though was the Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli. Un/lucky for me, my other friend went to dinner before me and had some leftovers, which I was able to try. These little suckers were really good heated up so I can only imagine what they would have tasted like if I ordered at dinner and the plate set in front of me. Drools... So, I would recommend this dish definitely!!All in all, a really good dinner! The staff was all super professional, accommodating, and attentive. Good job staff!
2	Meh, food is pretty average. Not to mention they were closed by the health department at one point in time. Pretty disappointing.
1	Beware unscrupulous waiter or manager! Never lose sight of your credit card at Scarpetta. I gave my credit card to Scarpetta'swaiter on 12/31/12 around 11:15pm to pay our New Year Eve dinner bill. 2 preset menus, A la carte filet for my daughter, champagne and generous gratuity. Slightly over $1000.00. So far nothing wrong.We left the restaurant and went back home. Around  0:05am on 01/01/13. someone at Scarpetta ran my credit card again. This time for $864,--I noticed the issue a couple of days later. I did call Scarpetta and explained the situation to the hostess. She assured me that the manager would return my call and would certainly correct this mistake. The manager never called me back.I filed a claim with my credit card company the next day as I did not want to waste my time calling Scarpetta again or drive there to try resolving this error. My credit card company credited back my account right away. However, Scarpetta did resubmit the charge along with apparently supporting documentation. My guess is that the so called supporting documentation is copy of card credit card receipt with some sort of a forged signature). Unfortunately, my credit card company had to re-bill the charge to my account and now I must provide my credit card company with additional information/documentation to support my claim.Since I must now waste my time supporting my claim, I will also file a police report. I am probably not an isolated case.  BRAVO SCARPETTA
5	For the money, it was the best meal we had in Vegas.  I went with 3 friends for my birthday (sidenote: Las Vegas Restaurants don't really do anything special for your birthday, no free dessert, maybe a candle on the dessert you order).  We split an appetizer, ordered a bottle of wine, and all ordered one pasta.  The bread accompaniments are fantastic!  The Marscapone "butter",  citrus infused olive oil, and tomato tapenade are delicious.  Each pasta we had was spectacular.  Then we each ordered a dessert (the coconut panna cotta was the best, light and refreshing, and I'm usually a chocolate person when it comes to dessert).  We had an issue with the check (they presented us with a check, then when we gave our credit card to pay the amount changed, turns out they gave us the wrong check the 2nd time around, but they went back and corrected this promptly) but other than that service was flawless.  We each paid about $60 for a shared appetizer, wine, pasta, and dessert and it was the perfect amount of food (full but not stuffed).  I went to Vegas for a food extravaganza (including going to Sage, CarneVino and Joel Robuchon's) and I would go back to Scarpetta every night if I could do it again.  The food is wonderful and the atmosphere is modern and well-done.
4	I really liked this place. Great view of the Bellagio fountains. I had a short ribs appetizer that was next level good, the entree was a pasta that was excellent and for dessert I had pastries stuffed with Nutella. Read that last sentence again. Even the bread is awesome.
5	I ate dinner here alone last night at the bar.  When they first opened a former BF and I ate here in the dinning room.  Although the food was amazing the first time, I think the dinning room is not configured well for romance.  Tables are close, like cafeteria kind of close.  In addition the service was just a disconnect...  But let's discuss this visit.  Amazing.  Sat at the bar and got phenomenal treatment from the bartender.  As all the parties paraded by or waited for the tables, the bar staff not only took care of those folks but some how made me feel i was not eating my dinner in a waiting area.  I started with the roasted Scallops YUMMMMMMM.  Then I had the most magnificent piece of red meat that has ever passed between these lips...  Kobe Rib Cap.  Oh glorious rib cap.  Never have I had entire plate of rib cap,  In fact I had to Google it to know what it was.  Worth the effort to research and read up on it.  LOVE LOVE LOVE.So amazing service, great cocktails, nice wine selection and the best steak I have ever eaten.My new favorite.
5	Fantastic!  Dinner at Scarpetta was the last of 3 amazing Valentine gifts.  I wanted to come here because I'm a fan of Scott Contant, and I was not disappointed. Our meal was absolutely fantastic, the service was top notch and the atmosphere was perfect.We started with a light and delicate glass of Wine to go with Creamy Polenta and a Fricassee of Truffled Mushrooms, I had the Short Rib Agnolotti and Dave had the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli, both were amazing and you know it had to be for me to eat Foie Gras :-)  We ended the meal perfectly with Pana Cotta and Bomboloni. I highly recommend you come here when celebrating your next special moment, or, if your just in the mood for a perfect evening with the one you love.
5	No words can describe how happy this experience made me. I was in Vegas for a slightly belated celebration of my birthday, and a timely celebration of my friend's. Scarpetta fell on the night we celebrated my birthday, and I am so glad! The restaurant looks great and the service is perfect. The waiters are all extremely knowledgeable and can answer pretty much anything. But who cares about that? The food... it was ridiculous! To begin with they bring out some bread, as with most restaurants, but Scarpetta bread is next level! There were some regular rolls which were bomb. But there was this one type, no clue what it was called...but it had some kind of meat inside! I thought the waiter mentioned that to us, but I figured I was hallucinating. Nope! It was phenomenal. The bread also came with butter and other accoutrement. All delicious!So I could have left happy at this point. But my food slayed me. I think I may have actually died, said what up to a couple of angels, and then rejoined my table after frolicking on a cloud or two. I ordered the Black Fettuccine (pasta dyed with squid ink, adorned with king crab, squid, shrimp, and breadcrumbs while bathing in lobster broth). Need I say more? It tasted better than it sounds. It was more than worth the $42 it cost. I also tried my friends' flank steak (amazing) and black cod (also amazing). But lets be real...I won.As a dessert we shared:Bombolone - Basically an italian doughnut. There were five. Two filled with nutella and three filled with something white that by some ungodly magic was BETTER than nutella! Never thought I'd say that. It also came with banana gelato which just pushed my taste buds past their limits of joy.Amadei Chocolate Cake: The richest most delicious chocolate cake you'll ever have. The inside was filled with molten chocolate goodness. It also came with toasted almond gelato. Also heavenly.I implore you to try this restaurant when in Vegas.
5	Tremendous menu and top notch service. Our host, Noe, was one of the finest I've had the pleasure of meeting. He and his staff could not have done a better job of taking care of our table for 12. Thanks to him and @MannyKess from TonightImVIP.com we had an amazing meal and experience.
5	Surprised my boyfriend with dinner here this past Saturday for his birthday. We made reservations for 7:30 and requested a table by the window. We were 5 minutes late because we had to stop by the ATM which, by the way, is located right at the foot of the escalator by security. We were greeted by the hostesses and manager who were all friendly. The dining room itself was a lot smaller than I had expected. They were able to accommodate our request and we were seated at a beautiful 2 top with a perfect view of the Bellagio fountains. Water glasses were immediately filled and a bread basket magically appeared with 3 accompaniments: citrus infused olive oil, eggplant spread and my fav, mascarpone cheese... way better than boring butter! Like everyone has already mentioned the bread basket was delish! We also got a bottle of red wine for a great price, $75. We shared everything and for some of the dishes they were actually able to split it in 2 so it would be easier to share! This was my first time tasting fresh pasta and you can most certainly taste a difference. There's a specific bite and texture that can't be compared to that dry stuff at the grocery... -Raw Yellow tail: 4 very fresh pieces!!! Love the salt sprinkled on it. And the pieces were actually pretty thick and not some skimpy thin little things.-Creamy Polenta with truffled mushrooms: Perfect balance of creamy and sweet. I liked it because it was more like a soup for me haha-Braised Short ribs with Risotto: tender chunks of beef. Tasted like this Korean short rib dish that I love. -Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli: My favorite dish of the night. It was so decadent and delicious. If you don't like the taste of strong cheese, you will not like this dish. The sweet Marsala sauce paired perfect with it.-Spaghetti: I'm sure some people have a problem spending $25 on a small plate of spaghetti but it definitely is something everyone should taste at least once. Light, fresh sauce with perfectly aldente pasta... It is because of this dish alone my boyfriend had been wanting to come to Scarpetta. He has made this recipe a couple times for me and I'm sorry to say but my boyfriend's spaghetti tastes exactly the same.. if not better. But then again my opinion may be biased HAHA-NY Strip Steak: It was a mistake ordering this because we were so full. We had to force ourselves to finish this dish HAHA At $55 though I didn't think the steak was THAT amazing.. It actually had some unwanted gristle on it. But I'm sure it would have tasted a lot better had we not been SO full. I really wanted to get dessert for him and they were going to do something special for us but we were already so late for our show and not to mention so beyond STUFFED.. We had to run out of there... literally, we ran out of there! Service was amazing all night from our server all the way down to the lady who came around with parmesan cheese and chili flakes. But special shout-out to Paul K...the friendly food runner/expo who was so polite and quite knowledgeable about all of the food. THANKS SCARPETTA! SCOTT CONANT, YOU ARE HOT ;ppp
5	I dined at Scarpetta this past Saturday night.  We arrived 20 minutes early for our reservation and were seated right away.  I loved the atmosphere. Quiet with smooth hits from the 80s playing in the backround. The service was great and our server was very knowledgeable about the food and wine.  He recommended a great wine based on our specifications.I tend to judge a restaurant by their breadbasket and Scarpetta gets an A+++. Skip the Italian bread they put on top of the basket and get to the cheese and pepperoni Stromboli.  I could have left happy after that.. it was amazing! The bread comes with olive oil, whipped marscapone and a tomato type sauce. We started with the Scallops and beet salad.  Both were excellent.  The Scallops ( 2 good sized scallops) were cooked perfectly.  The beet salad was nothing super fancy but I knew that when I ordered it.My parents both opted for meatier entrees- Dad the veal chop and mom the NY strip.  My moms meat was slightly undercooked but she opted not to send it back to be cooked more.. Both were excellent.  I had heard so much about the Spaghetti that I decided to try that.  It was the best spaghetti I had ever had so it is definitely worth trying if you want a pasta dish.For dessert we go the chocolate molten cake and it was the best Id ever had! The salted caramel sauce was a nice touch.  I'd definitely go back to Scarpetta.  I liked it better than the other Italian options I've tried in Vegas (B&B, Carnevino).
5	I went here for my birthday dinner & it was exceptional.  I just ordered the spaghetti, because I think that's a good measure of an italian restaurant.  They make their pasta in house, and it was delicious.  The sauce was also perfect.  One of my friends got the shortrib ravioli, and it was the tiniest portion ever.  The spaghetti was a good portion though, and the shortrib appetizer was also a good size.  My other friends ordered some special and changed it around about and weren't happy with it, but I think that's what they get for messing with the recipe.  Their bread was also awesome, it was cheesy with pepperoni, delicious.  I would absolutely come back
5	We had an absolutely perfect experience at Scarpetta. From the ambience to the service to the food, everything was exemplary. Furthermore, we lucked out with getting a window table with a view overlooking the Bellaggio fountains next door. I started with the legendary tomato-basil spaghetti and quickly understood why it receives such rave reviews! The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente and the sauce was delightful. My friend was equally pleased with her truffled polenta starter and second course of short rib agnolotti. The roasted scallops I chose were divine. We also shared a side of mixed mushrooms, but could hardly make a dent in them although they were delicious! In true Vegas style, the portions are quite generous. Don't skip on having a cocktail either - our frothy grapefruit gimlets were superb!
4	Since I can't have access to foie gras anymore in California, it was a no brainer I would order the duck & foie gras ravioli in vegas....and an excellent choice I made.  The portions looked small but it does fill you up.  The beef tartare was also pretty amazing!  Great cozy ambiance in the beautiful cosmopolitan hotel.  I would definitely come back.....after my wedding of course.
4	DATE/TIME: Tuesday, February 26, 2012 / 8:30pmPRICE: $30-$75/personVALUE: Definitely worth the price, considering all the ingredients and the delicious flavor.AMBIANCE: Love the interior. Dim lights, great spot for an intimate dinner.CHANCE OF RETURNING: 80%___________________________________:::: THE FOOD ::::* DUCK & FOIE GRAS RAVIOLI w/MARSALA REDUCTION         - [4/5 - Extremely delicious and very rich. So rich, in fact, that while I loved the flavors.. I regretted ordering this dish all to myself. Next time, I'll be sure to order more than one entree that I can share with my dining companion(s).]* STRACCI          - [4.5/5 - I hate to admit this, since the friend  who ordered this was obnoxiously picking on my order all night and insisting she had "won" as soon as she had the first bite of her dish... but her dish really was luscious. Creamy layers of flat pasta with lobster, crab, and shrimp. I planned to order it the next time I went to Scarpetta, but discovered today that it was unfortunately no longer on the menu.]___________________________________We also ordered an appetizer to share and a few desserts, and everything really was good. I remember all of us wiping our plates clean."Scarpetta" was aptly named. ;-)
5	My girlfriends and I came here for a bachelorette party and we had such a great dinner here.  The service was phenomenal and the decor was so classy and glam.  I thoroughly loved my duck foir grois ravioli and the desserts were so gorgeously presented and delicious to boot.  I will be back!
4	The view I had was amazing! I was able to look out and see the Bellagio dancing fountains! I tried the chef's tasting menu and everything I had was delicious! It was pricey, but you pay for what you get and I definitely had way more than I thought I was going to get! The servers change your dishes and silverware every time there was a new dish. I love places that do that because that is great service and quality. Definitely a date place. I love it! Must try!
5	Scarpetta was one of the best dining experiences I have had.  The atmosphere is quiet and romantic and we had a view of the Bellagio fountains from our table.  The pasta was amazing - my husband had the Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli and I had the Branzino.  Both were excellent dishes.
5	Had a great birthday dinner with a great view, very quite and romantic place. The bread basket was full of different assortments of bread and the foie gras ravioli was to die for!
5	Highlights of our truly amazing meal at Scarpetta include some of the best handmade pasta dishes I have ever had. While the more complex agnolotti were delicious and certainly worth a repeat order, the best of all were the simplest: spaghetti with tomato and basil; pici with lobster. Appetizers and meat courses were also terrific, but secondary to the pasta. The one notable exception was a rib cap (cap of the rib eye), which I have never seen on a menu. It was tender, perfectly cooked, and literally bursting with a rich, fatty, beefy flavor. Service was top notch, though we were in a private room with dedicated wait staff. The bar, though narrow, offered a fine selection of liquors with bartenders who know how to make a decent cocktail. For an aperetif, I strongly recommend the Aperol Spritz.
5	Easily one of the best meals we have had on the strip.  From start to finish, from the service to the food to the view, there was nothing anyone at our table could say negatively about Scarpetta.I had the Black Cod which is apparently becoming very chic now.  It was so light and buttery that I only wish I could have had more.  It almost melts in your mouth.  Going as a group was beneficial because we were able to try several of the pasta dishes and share.  I'm not sure the pastas are enough as an individual entree but probably too much for an individual appetizer...if that makes sense.  They are perfect for sharing.  We went with the short rip agnolotti, traditional spaghetti, and duck foie gras ravioli.  All were awesome, even the spaghetti which was a surprise to those at the table doubting a typical or plain type of pasta was worth a try.I would also highly recommend the lamb, at least 3 people at our table got it so I was lucky enough to have a bite or two.  It was perfectly cook on every plate and was so tender it was definitely a star of the menu.
5	Simply put Scarpetta is my favorite Vegas restaurant. I've been a few times and each time I've left as satisfied as possible. For an appetizer, I've had the squash soup, the tuna susci, and braised short ribs. The squash soup is some of the best I've ever had. The tuna was good but I wouldn't get it again. The braised short ribs were perfect and while I have no idea what was in that sauce, it was heavenly. Probably will get the braised short ribs the next few times I go.As for entrees, they are famous for their duck and foie gras ravioli and believe me, it lives up to the loftiest of expectations. It's such a unique dish and the duck and foie gras compliment each other perfectly. It doesn't feel too heavy, goes down sooooo smoothly and has this great sauce on top with just the perfect amount of cheese. Ive had it multiple times and plan on getting it again in the future. I've also had the short rib agnolottie which is almost as superb. The short rib is great and you get this really tasty hint of horseradish in the sauce. It's far from overwhelming, just a hint of it, but after a full plate of the agnolotti, you can certainly tell its there. But it doesn't take away from the dish, the short rib and pasta are both great.While I've not tried the black cod or the steak, my companions have and they have reported being very happy with their choices.Oddly enough, I've not had dessert at Scarpetta. Maybe in the future I will, I'm sure it will be tasty.A few other things to note: the view is superb, definitely ask for a window seat and you'll get a side view of the bellagio fountains. It's just a matter of luck and if they have a table available, ask when you make the reservation. The portions are great. So often Vegas portions (especially at nice restaurants) are so small, but these are adequate and leaves you filling full but not overly full (as often dishes are so heavy with fat and cream and such). The price is very appropriate. Nothing is exorbitantly pricy, nothing is cheap, the price is correct.
2	Not worth the price.The food was fine but we had a much better meal (food and service) at Todd English at 1/2 the price and twice the wine.
4	Scarpetta's ambiance is so nice!  The decor is beautiful and romantic.  We had great drinks at the bar and when we were seated for dinner we had a view of the Bellagio fountain show.  I went with my husband and we are both vegetarian.  It was great to see that they had a separate veggie menu to choose from.  We ordered the artichoke soup, risotto, spaghetti, and donut dessert dish.  It was all so delicious.  Our server was superb and very attentive to our needs.
5	Amazing. This place succeeds in every way, from the food, to the service, to the atmosphere. As it should when you're paying $$$$ for dinner. Another bonus is that if you're not impressed by all the meat and seafood dishes on the menu, they have a separate vegetarian menu for freaks like me. All you have to do is ask. I was beyond happy. Much to my surprise, elegant dining can be found on the strip.
5	The best view on the strip for a romantic dinner facing the Bellagio's water show.  The only minor detail that could have made it much better was the structural beam that went right across us at eye level.  Apparently the space was originally designed to be the kitchen and not the main dining room.Anyway, the food, the meal, the experience.  We did the tasting menu which was AMAZING & EXPENSIVE but AMAZING!  To wrap it up in a nutshell we enjoyed duck, fish, scallop, shoe string calamari & zucchini, polenta with a mushroom broth, tomato basil spaghetti (famous on FoodTV), & decadent warm chocolate cake and delightful peach soupy thing for dessert. Yes!  All of that in one meal.  I almost needed a wheelchair just to get out of there.Our server was so attentive and the wines that were paired with each dish was just perfect.  Heaven.  Enough said.
4	Bread basket with Stromboli, focaccia and other more basic roll.  The bread basket came with butter, eggplant areas and citrus olive oil.  The citrus olive oil was amazing paired with the Stromboli!Berry smash - this drink was very goodYellowtail sashimi - 4 stars. rock salt used was unique and yellowtail was tender.  Signature Spaghetti dish -  5 stars. This dish was really incredible.  Delicious in it's simplicity.   The noodles were cooked perfectly and the sauce light yet flavorful.  I have not had anything like it before and I will be trying to recreate it at home.Short rib agnolotti -  5 stars. This was excellent!  It has a very strong horse radish taste so you have got to really like horse radish!  Pici - 4 stars. This dish was very good.  The noodles are cooked al dente. A little too mu/ch so for my taste.  There was tons of lobster.  I enjoyed the lobster paired with the tarragon.  I do not normally like pesto but I really liked the chili pesto in this dish.  The restaurant is very nice however we were a party of 5 and were seated right by the exit sign and bus area.  It seems this restaurant is more suited for parties of 4 our less. as there is not a lot of seating for a larger party.
5	Everything was awesome!
4	Really good Italian food. It may depend on what you order because mine was outstanding and my wife's was simply good but for a non-Italian food lover like myself, I was duly impressed.The decor was very nice. The tables are a little tight so if you need to navigate through the room, you may have to turn sideways or take an odd path. My wife and I were seated at a two seat table overlooking the Bellagio fountains. She got a beautiful view of the fountains and I got a view of a wall. Other than those two things, The ambience and atmosphere were very nice.I had the beef tartare appetizer and the lobster pasta and they were both off the hook. The handmade pasta is the real deal. My wife had the oysters appetizer and swordfish. Both were very good but not out of this world. The service was nice and accommodating. May depend on what you order but, based in my experience, I give it a smiley face!
5	Came here on Sunday night for my husband's birthday and it was phenomenal!  The service was outstanding, the food was amazing, and the wine was delicious!  I also want to compliment the lighting and overall ambiance in this place.  I know that's a weird thing to make note of, but it drives me crazy when there is a fab restaurant with crap lighting.  This place killed it in that department -- it was warm, cozy, and romantic (but it's also a great group spot -- there were tons of groups dining while we were there).The sommelier helped us choose the perfect wine that was within our budget.  It was super earthy, full bodied, and reminded me of being in Italy!  We had the duck and foie ravioli, the black seafood pasta, and the veal and all were outstanding!  I would absolutely eat here again in the future.
3	Scarpetta has been on my list of restraurants to try for a long time.  I never got a chance when I used to live in NYC, so during my trip to Vegas, it was an obvious choice.  I was so excited!We ordered the yellowtail carpaccio and the octopus to share. Although both were good, it lacked the wow factor I was expecting from a restaurant of this caliber. The pink salt on the yellowtail was a nice touch but was missing a lot of the acid I usually like with my fish. In other words it was quite bland. The octopus was nothing to write about. We opted not to get the famous spaghetti because another pasta dish caught my eye which in retrospect was probably a mistake. But, how can you turn down squid ink linguine with lobster? This dish was decent, not great. There was a lack of sauce altogether. The squid ink although pleasing to the eye, was too mild in flavor for my liking. For the main entree we got the black cod and the branzino. The cod was delicious. I loved the flaky buttery meat and the roasted tomatoes which gave this dish some Italian flair. The Branzino was overly rich and neither of my girlfriends finished the dish. Maybe this place was too hyped up for me.  It was a huge let down. The ambiance was quite nice, dark and sexy. But we did not get a window table with a view of the fountains as I had requested. Probably wont be trying the one in NY
5	No Reservations....Packed - Living like a VIP!   We had a group of 7 and NO Reservation around 8 PM - What to Do - After a 10 minute wait, we were ushered into the Private Dining Room!  I must say - FABULOUS CUSTOMER SERVICE!  As we wait...we see the CHEF himself in the house.... What a Night!- The drinks were fabulous!Things I tasted... Heirloom Beet Salad and Crispy Fritto Misto (This is a MUST - Perfectly prepared and delicious)  / Black Fettuccine /  Pici / Coconut Panna Cotta (I recommend ordering 2 or 3 of these for yourself - so Yummy!We will be back! oh... Can't forget the BREAD!
2	I'm not sure if I want to give 2 stars or 3. It might not be fair as this place isn't equal to some of my 2 star reviews (it's probably better than most), but for the high price-tag....I think it's justified. The best part of my experience was my $20-a-glass wine. The $$ amount is to be expected in any nice place in Vegas, and I was happy that the wine was at least very good for the price (as they aren't always). Service was so slow, it took almost twenty minutes between being greeted and for the waiter to come back for drinks, and then the same wait from drinks to food and food to the check. We were on a tight schedule being on a work trip, so this was a little inconvenient. It wasn't even busy yet, either. For my food I split the Tagliatelle which I felt lacked in truffle flavor and their signature spaghetti dish which I felt lacked in overall flavor and should not be their signature dish. In general the food was not bad in any way, I just thought it was very expensive for what it was and for the lack of great service. Generally not a bad experience and I might be willing to give it another shot when back in town.
3	After reading all of the great reviews, I am really excited to go to this restaurant.  We made a reservation because, online it said that they were recommended, but there were not many people in the place. We got the suggested appetizer of the Tuna Susci and it was delicious! The waiter even had the kitchen split it onto two plates so my boyfriend and I could share.  It was delicious with white truffles in the middle and very well seasoned. My boyfriend ordered the black squid pasta with seafood because the reviews raved about it--it really wasn't that great.  It actually smelled and tasted a little overly fishy, but he was a good sport and ate it all.  I order the duck breast, and the duck was cooked perfectly.  The only suggestion I have is that the duck was cut VERY thick and there was not enough of the delicious orange glaze.  It was good, but not over the top amazing.  We were pretty full but ordered the strawberry shortcake for dessert---OMG AMAZING!  It definitely made up for the mediocre dinner. The service was really great, the dinner was blah, and the dessert was really good.  I would recommend this place, BUT I would not come here again.  There are too many other great restaurants in Las Vegas, this definitely has the atmosphere but I do not think our dinner was worth 150$.
5	You feel like they put attention to every detail, and not only the food. Just wish they had at least a bottle of red wine below $80 !
4	We tried this place because we watch the Chopped on Food network all the time and wanted to try chef Scott's food. I think I definitely have had better fine dines than my experience here. Very beautiful and intimate place as being a luxury in LV is kinda basics. Anyways, we tried their pasta dish with short rib, which the short rib was missing on that plate. I don't know where it was incorporated. If I was a chopped judge I would have taken points off for not really tasting this main ingredient in that dish. The horseradish was definitely the main kick in that dish. We also tried the Bronzini fish dish which was pretty good and made to perfection. We tried our friends dish who got the foi gras ravioli and that was the highlight of the table. For desert we got the little round donuts which were pretty good. I have to mention that the bread service was definitely one of a kind with some bread baked with some kinda salami.
5	We had a top notch dinner at Scarpetta while enjoying the wonderful view of the Bellagio water show. The fresh, warm bread basket with a delicious assortment was only a teaser of the wonderful meal to come. The service was excellent,  great detail.  Our wine choice-a Meursault  went very well with our meal.For our appetizers:TUNA 'SUSCI'marinated vegetables & preserved truffles -never had fresher tuna, CREAMY POLENTAfricassee of truffled mushrooms- just perfect, creamy and the fricassee was richly flavorful. Entrees:MEDITERRANEAN BRANZINOshrimp, clams, mussels & celery root - crispy and sophisticated yet simply deliciousSHORT RIB AGNOLOTTIbrown butter horseradish & toasted breadcrumbs- perfect Dessert:STRAWBERRY SOUFFLErhubarb compote & vanilla gelato-so light and satisfying, absolutely no sharing of this dessert. My only disappointment was a side of the fingerling potatoes. They weren't bad but didn't live up to the level of the other dishes we had. We are pleased to learn that they have a Scarpetta in NYC. This restaurant warrants many more visits.
3	My husband and I felt like some of the famous spagetti that we so enjoyed at the Beverly Hills(Montage) Scarpetta. What a bummer. Our service was extremely slow and just lacking in every way. It was still early by Vegas standards (730) so I don't really get the lack of attentiveness. We ordered wine which did not come until AFTER our first course. Finally our spagetti comes....oh, so SALTY...it tasted nothing like the last time. Our server must have known something was amiss as he never once asked how we were enjoying our meal. We also waited a good 45 minutes to be offered dessert---or the check by this time. We finally had to wave someone down to get the bill since we were DONE with this place.Such a shame. We have had many great food adventures in Vegas, this evening was not one of them. If you really want to have some spagetti that will change your life then come out out to California and enjoy the Scarpetta at the Montage.
4	Had dinner here with friends on May 6.  I believe reservations were early, 6pm.  Got there early and had drink at the bar.  Great variety....no beers on tap but some interesting bottled beers.Our group shared a few apps.  I sampled the oysters, which if I recall had a mignonette sauce which was excellent, very "bright" tasting.  Also had the lentils and squid.  The lentils were amazing and the squid perfectly cooked.  For dinner I had the "Pici" (pasta) served with lobster, tarragon, almond & chili pesto.  It was perfectly portioned but still a little "heavy".  I paired that with a side order of broccoli rabe and a nice house Chianti.  No dessert for our group.   Others had the short-rib dish (which looked great but small).Service was fine, the waiter seemed very knowledgeable.  Great views in this hip hotel.  Would recommend/go again.
3	This is a nice restaurant with a nice menu and ok service BUT if you expect a great restaurant, you will be disappointed.  The prices are high for the quality of the food and the wine prices are exceptionally high.  In fairness, I have been generally disappointed with the restaurants in LV.  Getting close to NYC prices but unfortunately not close enough to NYC quality.
5	An amazing meal! My husband and I decided on Scarpetta for dinner pretty much at the last minute. We were able to make a reservation on-line two hours prior to the reservation. We arrived about 15 minutes early and were sat right away. We were given a table by the window which allowed us to enjoy the Bellagio fountain show (about three times during our meal!). The wait staff was attentive and very nice. They offered advice about portion size and house favorites. Bread is served as you are seated, and it was delicious and fresh. The bread basket even includes Stromboli! Yum! We ordered a bottle of wine - a very good selection to chose from. My husband ordered the duck, and I got the short rib agnolotti with a side of broccoli rabe to share. Both meals were amazing! The atmosphere was modern yet casual. It felt sophisticated but comfortable. We will definitely be recommending to family and friends!
3	Lovely surprise.Randomly picked this place to take my boss and another colleague. Ordered the Spaghetti (tomato & basil) based on the server's recommendation. Have to admit thought it was rather bold of the dude to suggest the spaghetti as the pasta to try. But it was very good, al dente handmade noodles with the right balance of sweet and acidity of the tomato & basil sauce. Also the field greens was rather good even though it wasn't listed on the menu. There is a smear of some kind of nut butter, candied walnut and uber fresh greens with light vinaigrette salad.
4	I have been to Scarpetta twice and both times were very different. The first time was amazing and my favorite item on the menu was the Goat. So I was very excited to return to have this again.Second visit, no Goat. BOO!! What the hell, that was so good- bring it back. The food was still great and service was excellent of course. This was my order.Apps: RAW YELLOW TAIL, and HEIRLOOM BEET SALAD- Both were really good.Paste: SPAGHETTI Tomato Basil- OMG to die for, homemade pasta people!! Pesce: MEDITERRANEAN BRANZINO- You can never go wrong with this fish.Contorni: BROCCOLI RABEDolce: NUTELLA & VANILLA CREME BOMBOLONI and MASCARPONE CHEESECAKE anything with Nutella and Mascarpone is good.This restaurant has a great ambiance, great service and great food. Definitely give it a try.
5	Scarpetta can be recommended for an exquisite dining experience!
4	had a good time
2	I debated giving this place one star due to the terrible customer service we received throughout the entire meal, but the quality of the food made me up my rating to two stars.Everything we ate was really good, but the service was terrible.  We could never get the waiters attention for anything we needed.  Maybe it was because we were part of a big group, and the gratuity was included, but we had to flag someone down to order, we received the wrong dishes and drinks, charged us for a dessert for a birthday.  Who does that?
2	The good thing about this place is that their bread is delicious, the food and drinks are tasty. There was no issue reserving a table for a group on a Friday at 6pm during a holiday weekend.The food here is pretty good, but the prices are outrageous for the quantity... even for Vegas standards! The service is pretty atrocious, if you like pasta served with a side of serious attitude and douchiness, you would love Scarpetta. Also, they charged me for two desserts that they brought out to celebrate my birthday - without even asking me! They removed it after we talked to the manager, but still.
4	I made reservations for 6 people at 10:30PM through the yelp app. It went smoothly!We ordered:PICI: it was lobster and pesto pasta (all pasta is made at the restaurant)RIBS: SO GOODDDD. Full of fat! :)HALIBUT W/ ARUGALA: Delicious, perfectly made. Beware, there was only ONE peice of arugala as an embellishment.And two other orders that I can't remember. But everything was delicious!PROS: The restaurant provides a view of the Bellagio water show.Huge wine selection. Delicious food. CONS: Can't find one..
4	It was a red-meat night. My husband and I shared a beef tartare served with a quail egg. I was worried about eating the raw meat and was glad we shared it, otherwise I don't know if I could have finished it by myself. It was delicious. We also shared the main meal, prime rib with lardo mashed potatoes and honey glazed carrots. So yum and tender! I highly recommend it. We shared the entire meal in order to make it to dessert only to find that the dessert there doesn't cut it. I mean it was okay, just not worth the price. I tried their Nutella & vanilla creme bombolini. It was okay. I hate saying this, cause I'm a nutella fan, but the nutella really brought the dessert down a notch. It didn't taste like a fine dining dessert. The banana bombolini tasted like banana pudding, so that wasn't good either. My husband tried the chocolate cake and he thought the presentation was lacking and the cake was only okay. Their esperesso was very strong, a good way to end the night.FYI the drinks are delicious and pleasantly strong. I tried the berry smash and my husband had a few billionaires, both were good.Overall: The food is super delicious, but skip the dessert.
5	Scarpetta is awesome.  The food, the service, the location...I loved all of it.  Yes, it is over-priced, but all Vegas restaurants are over-priced, so in my mind it's all relative.  I go into it from the beginning expecting to pay more, but I also expect the restaurant to hold up its end of the bargain and give me something that doesn't make me regret spending $100 a person.  Scarpetta definitely holds up its end of the bargain here, and now that I've addressed the price issue, I can write about the more interesting things!We tried the short ribs for appetizer and spaghetti and branzino for entrees.  The short ribs were melt-in-your-mouth juicy good.  I've never had freshly made spaghetti before, and it was amazing...now I can confidently say that I really understand al dente!  The branzino, which I typically find simply prepared in other Italian restaurants, had a very creative and delicious preparation.  It came as two filets (with crispy skin!) on top of a hodge-podge of seafood (baby shrimp and mussels) with some kind of seafood jus that is added at the table (interesting pink color, but very nice seafood flavor).  The mascarpone butter and citrus olive oil that accompanies the bread is delicious!  I tried a couple of cocktails, and the one that stands out the most to me was the Gallardo.  I was hesitant to try it because it included apple juice (which I don't enjoy), but the waiter assured me it didn't taste too apple-juicy and he was right!  It was flavored mostly by the basil and was so aromatic and fresh...perfect accompaniment to spaghetti!I think the most amazing part of the meal was the strawberry souffle.  I want to go back to Vegas just to have it again.  I can't even describe it.  Just get it and try different bites with the ice cream, rhubarb and the other sweet sauce it comes with...pure eating pleasure sensations.  We also had the bomboloni, which were very good, but at the end of the day just still  felt like donuts and weren't as special as some of the other items I tried.As mentioned by many other reviewers here, the view over the Bellagio fountain is pretty sweet, and it is just so lovely right around sunset.  The interior ambiance of the restaurant is classy and fun.On a side note, I am totally addicted to the show Chopped and love Scott Conant and was so happy his restaurant did not disappoint :)
2	It was hard to give this place 2 stars as the food was DELICIOUS!  The location is awesome and we had a great table by the window.  The view is great.  The service was horrible.  They were having some computer problems.  It would have been great if the server came and explained that to us, instead he just disappeared and I guess was trying to fix it.  I am not a needy diner by any means, however, our wine glasses were empty for a while (which we spent $70 per glass for), we would have ordered dessert but it just took too long.  It was almost like we were forgotten.  Spending almost $300 for 2 people should get you AMAZING service.
4	Actually quite a nice experience here.  We had a light early dinner here in the bar/lounge area.  We were not allowed in the main dining hall due to a friend's attire (he had just got out of Marquee, their pool club).I don't even fine italian food very often, but color me happy here.  The bread basket was awesome!  They had a salami bread in there... ask for extra :)  The olive tapenade they served it with was also stellar.  I could eat that stuff alone.Ordered the duck + foie gras ravioli.  It was really good.  Friends ordered the spaghetti due to some rave reviews from my friend who had been here before.  I thought the spaghetti was good, but not $25 good.  The duck+foie gras ravioli was possibly worth the $27 they charged for it.We sat in the lounge, so maybe didn't get the full dining experience, so charging the full dining room price for lounge food knocked the experience down some. Almost a 5 star place imo.
5	Great restaurant.  Beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains and they hold back the seats nearest the windows for couples, making for a romantic setting.  The staff was professional and helpful, especially the manager.  Decent wine selection for individual glasses.  I had the Pici, a pasta with perfectly cooked lobster that was tasty.  Apps were good; I had the scallops and my wife had an asparagus soup that was light and creamy.The highlight of the evening was the Ricotta and Truffle Agnolitta! The most perfect, light and tasty pasta ever made.  If you eat nothing else in Vegas... try that.
4	Pricy but good food. Had a great dinning experience here. Food was delicious. A good place for a fancy night.
3	Came here based on Yelp reviews.  The food was delicious. The service, not so much. Homemade pasta melts in your mouth.  Thumbs up on the short rib pasta.  Unfortunately, Roberto, our server, was not very attentive to us once the food came.  Had to flag down a bus boy to get our check.  Decided not to give him any more business.  Went across the street to Mon Ami Gabi for my favorite Bananas Foster. Ordered but never received my cappuccino. Guess it wasn't our night for good service.  That is a discussion unto itself.
5	One of the top dining experiences of my life!  The food was fantastic; the strawberry rhubarb souffle may be the best dessert I've ever had.  The service was just about perfect; knowledgeable waiter; we were not rushed; beautiful presentation.  I did not think that it was overpriced given the quality of the experience.  I will definitely return when I am in Las Vegas.
3	Just finished dinner here. Would have given this restaurant 4 stars if not for the terrible service from our waiter Roberto. He seemed to be completely preoccupied with the couple at the table next to us. After our entrees were cleared and we declined dessert, we waited over 15 minutes for our check before we waved down a passing busboy and asked him to send Roberto to our table. Rather than coming himself, he sent the busboy with the check even though Roberto visited the table right next to us about 5 times after our plates were cleared. We were not rude to him in any way, shape or form so I can't imagine why he chose to behave that way. He came by to say sorry as we were signing the check. Too bad because the food and atmosphere were nice and it would have been a pleasant experience if he had made the slightest effort.
5	This is the best Italian food I've had in this country in a very long time.  The wild mushroom polenta was creamy, rich, and very flavorful.  My husband and I went with the pasta.  He had the sheep milk ricotta agnoletti and I had the spare rib agnoletti.  Both were savory and melt in your mouth good.  For dessert we had the bombolini, which were quite delicious.  The service was excellent and I disagree with a previous yelper who said service came with a serious attitude.  Our server was kind, helpful, and not at all pretentious.The only thing that I would like to see on their very extensive wine list is more mid-range bottle options.  There were hardly any bottles of wine under $100.00.
1	Owner Scott Conant should be ashamed!!We, my wife and I, arrived and were seating at a nice window table per our request. After that, its ALL DOWNHILL.Server, some jackass who really could care less about being professional and more concerned about the table of 3 girls a few table away giving them free food all night.He finally arrived at our table about 5 minutes after being seated, took our cocktail orders and then....disappeared.He came back with our drinks 15 minutes later and blamed the "bartenders were backup up". Really? Because our martinis were warm when you served us which were very ordinary and especially at $15 per.Busboy brought us bread which only one type was decent so we just asked for that only instead. Waiter "I will make sure to get that out to you immediately" That never happened.Food: Heirloom tomato with Burrata- meh! I know its very simple and the wife wanted it but was as if Olive Garden made it. Really nothing special and was not seasoned properly.Polenta with morels- again meh! Average at best.Spaghetti what he is known for- very good not great. Would I order that again, no.Halibut- dry! This place is a joke and we got duped! Pedestrian Food, Awful Service, High Prices = Avoid!
4	On Saturday night we were invited to Scarpetta  for dinner by an old friend. We had dinner reservations at 8:30 pm and it was hard getting into the Cosmopolitan Hotel because of all the traffic. We got seated right next to the window overlooking the Bellagio Fountain. The menu is very simple. We had the following:Softshell crabs             3/5 stars the crabs were extra large. Deep fried and kinda                                                         greasy.Polenta                           5/5 stars off the hook good. excellent must order!Heirloom Tomato Salad 4/5  stars   good fresh and dressed well.Yellowtail sashimi           4/5  stars   4 small thinly slices pieces. Normal sushi fare.Duck Foie Gras Ravioli     4/5 stars OK not the gastronomic orgasm as other yelpers                                                              mentionedSpaghetti                           4/5 stars excellent al dente, Barzano Fish                     5/5 stars best entree' of the night well cooked.Cheese cake                     4/5 stars OK small poker chip sized.Strawberry Souffle'           5/5 stars AMAZING ! light great strawberry flavor with a                                                              dollop of vanilla ice cream. If you can get a seat next to the window over looking the Bellagio Fountain and the Las Vegas Strip the meal is well worth the prices. Service was excellent.
2	What a giant disappointment. We saved Scarpetta for our final night in Vegas because it was my first choice of a new place to try. We won't ever return.We had reservations at 6:30. We arrived at 6:24. I know this because the hostess pointed to the clock and noted that she would seat us in 6 minutes, since our reservation was for 6:30 pm. They were not busy -- no one else was waiting to be seated and only two people were sitting at the bar. We had to ask twice to check a coat, even though they have a clearly marked coat check.At this point, we just figured the hostess was inexperienced or having a rough day. Once we were seated, we were promptly greeted and placed our cocktail orders. Our drinks took almost 20 minutes to arrive -- although we could see there were fewer than 20 people in the entire restaurant and there were at least 5 servers standing around chatting. The rest of the night, the service remained scattered, at best. We were rushed through our first course, but had to flag down the server to order dessert. On top of this, the server was constantly pushing us to "upgrade," after telling us that most of the plates, as is, are pretty minimal and that most people end up having to add to them with a second round of orders. For example, I ordered the fritto misto salad, which runs $18. The server warned me I should order a second primi, as well. He wasn't kidding -- I got two bites of greens with a dusting of lemon and seasoning. In short, the portions are small even for an upscale, trendy restaurant.This place has one saving grace: the tomato and basil spaghetti. I admit I'm pretty picky about Italian food after I lived in Italy for a summer. I understand that it's rarely as good in the States. Although it's not as good as you'd get in Italy, the tomato and basil spaghetti is done well here. It has a nice light sauce (it's not arrabbiata -- it's a pureed sauce), and the pasta was cooked perfectly al dente.I had the strawberry souffle for dessert. It was adequate, although it was fairly cool by the time they got it to the table. The coffee was fine, but the server forgot the extra shot of Frangelico I requested.On the plus side, it's really beautiful. If you can get a seat in the windows, they overlook the Bellagio fountains (unfortunately, the window seats also overlook the Bellagio gardening sheds and dumpsters...so don't look down!). Overall, the decor fits in well with the contemporary vibe at the Cosmo. It's urban, beautifully designed, and hip. It's fresh, upscale, and open without being fussy or stuffy.As beautiful as it is and as great as that pasta plate was -- I won't be back.
1	service is the worst I've experienced in Vegas, food was not bad but loses it's flavor with bad service, Scott Conant the owner needs to read these reviews and start screening staff. I for sure will never step foot into this sad excuse for a restaurant ever again. A week later I was in Beverly Hills with the same group of friends and we saw Scarpetta, we avoided the restaurant and ate elsewhere, proving how lousy service means loss of business.
3	3.5 stars- food was really good but over priced. I had a plate with chicken in it, the short rib pasta, and Palenta. If I was chief Ramsy I would say that the mushrooms on the Palenta were too hard. Basically you are paying for location on the strip.  Service was ok (a little on the slow side). Waiter was really nice.
4	Very unique place. The food is good and they have a great wine selection with good service. If i have any complaints, it is a bit too expensive and it is noisy. The pasta is the best selection. Prepared aldente just the way I prefer my pasta. I had a lobster and pasta and it was very tasty. The sauce was over the top good. Make a reservation in advance as it is not easy to get into this place.
4	My favorite thing at Scarpetta is the meat bread and it's not even something you order! I came here with a big group of girls as part of a bachelorette weekend. The ambiance is very classy and the service is impeccable. I ordered the pici pasta -- amazing! Since then, I've heard that the dish they're known for is the spaghetti, so I'll have to try it sometime when I get the chance.-L.
4	Had dinner here on a Friday night in Vegas.  I've seen Scott Conant on Chopped a hundred times and he always comes across as a little too full of himself, claiming to be the master of pasta.   With this in mind I was actually looking forward to criticizing his restaurant, but I just can't.  I ordered the creamy polenta appetizer and shared it with the table.  It was amazing, with the truffled mushrooms blending perfectly with the polenta whose "creamy" descriptor in the menu is both descriptive and right on.I then ordered the duck and foie gras ravioli.  I thought it would be too rich, but the portion was just right and somehow, despite it being duck with foie gras, was not too rich.  The pasta was cooked perfectly... damn you Conant.  For dessert we had the Bombolini and the Strawberry Souffle, both were great, with the Bombolini being the favorite for the table.  The dinner was absolutely lovely and everything was very flavorful, in perfect portions and made just right.
5	This restaurant was fantastic. I made a reservation to Scarpetta for my boyfriend's birthday. I requested a table by the window and a surprise birthday dessert. They did not disappoint. I had the best table in the restaurant and they brought out our dessert with a candle and a message. My boyfriend was surprised and absolutely loved the place. The food was delicious!!! It came up out very hot and fresh. The drinks were amazing too. Our waiter was super attentive and very courteous and friendly. Scarpetta made our romantic dinner absolutely perfect.
5	This restaurant, located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel & Casino is probably one of the nicest restaurants on the Vegas strip. It is quiet, fancy, and the wait staff is very professional. It is, a bit pricey, however. I think spaghetti with marinara sauce is something like $25. It is, however, probably the best spaghetti you'll eat! I had the broccoli rob ($11) and the potatoes ($11) and let me tell you...they were absolutely delicious! I can't describe the flavor because it was so perfect. While $22 for broccoli and potatoes seems a bit pricey, I think it was worth every penny. My mom had gluten free pasta in a marinara sauce and my dad had some sort of ravioli. They both said their meals were delicious as well.
5	I highly recommend this place. I ate here last night with a group of three others, the entire experience was wonderful. The restauraunt is beautiful and has a great view overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. I started with the wine list. I had read one review on yelp from a reviewer complaining there were hardly any bottles of wine under 100.00, I thought the wine menu was really varied and there were many price points to choose from, types, regions. This is a fine dining restauraunt so what do you expect. I chose a Riesling from France that was perfect with our food. The bread, holy Jesus the bread. They have about four different kinds they bring out (and keep bringing). There is a roll with salami inside that is literally to die for. The bread is accompanied by mascarpone butter, citrus infused olive oil, and some sun dried tomatoe compote. All wonderful. We started with oysters that were fresh and perfect. I ordered the Black fettuccine with seafood (crab, shrimp, squid) and it was incredible. This is a dish with few ingredients for a reason, fresh seafood and house made pasta really don't need many other players. I forced my boyfriend to order the special, a lamb ragu over fettuccine after we argued for five minutes (I won). This was the best ragu I have ever eaten, hands down. Incredible, we inhaled it. The portions are really good, it looks small when they present your plate but there is a lot of pasta I could hardly finish mine. For desert, you have to try the strawberry soufle, it literally melts in your mouth. We also had these little light donuts filled with with banan creme and Nutella. Enough said. The waitstaff was wonderful, very warm and attentive. Our waiter was fantastic, everyone was. You have to make a reservation ahead for this place, we landed in Vegas on a Wednesday and the cosmopolitan concierge had to squeeze is in.
4	This was a amazing experience, the heirloom tomato salad, agnolotti of Marrow, spaghetti was to die for! Service was impeccable, very stylish dining room, loved the leather place mats.
4	I was very excited to dine here and left feeling like I'd had a really good, not necessarily memorable meal. The best part was the gluten-free menu; that is always easier than "I don't know, let me check with the kitchen.". We were seated next to the bus station in spite of having a reservation, and there was a table by the window open the entire time we were there. The service was excellent, attentive, not obtrusive.Wines by the glass were good, but as another reviewer mentioned, overpriced.The food was very good. I had the spaghetti with tomatoes and basil, which many reviews mentioned as "amazing". I have a very similar recipe at home that I enjoy equally. The creamy polenta with mushrooms was a great starter. Everyone else enjoyed their meals.My husband ordered a flourless chocolate cake, which he practically inhaled. There were closed eyes and moans of pleasure with each bite.
2	Where to begin...  I went here 2 weeks ago and let's just say from the start it was sub-par.  First, the restaurant is practically hidden on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan.  Trendy, loud hipsters abound, bad sign.  There is a tiny sign that you have to walk down a half corridor to see if this is indeed Scarpetta.The hostest, why are they all idiots, sat us in a half circle booth behind a party of 8.  So much for the view of the Strip.  Then it got worse, every waiter, bus-boy, customer as they passed behind us used the back the booth as a rail.  Pat, pat, pat 6 inches behind my head.  Awesome!  The interior of the place is the cause of this bad layout.  Giant columns everywhere, wrapped in god-awful brown padding.I got the waiter and told him we needed to move.  He scurried away to get the manager?!?  She came over and did move us, hence the extra 1/2 star.  She moved us to the window, so I got to see the Strip with a large drape in the way, that hadnt been dusted in forever.  On to the food, achoo!  Yes I sneezed my way through the dust cloud from pushing drape out of the way.  The salads were good, we split a garden salad and an heirloom tomato salad.  Then I ordered duck & foie gras ravioli & my dining companion ordered the halibut wrapped in pancetta.  Oh Scott Conant, yea of pretty hair and arrogance, you can't cook pastas right!  It was over cooked.  Here is a hint, if all the raviolis stick together its over cooked.  If they are gummy and mushy its over cooked.  The halibut was dry, really dry, I mean damn I need a lot of water to eat this dish dry.  For dessert we split the donuts stuffed with vanilla cream or nutella, they were pretty good.  The waiter was ok, he got his wine varietals mixed up and he had a Richie-Rich hair do, not kidding, that was humorous.  The bread guy is priceless, an old italian guy with good bread who should have been running the place.  He probably forgot more about pastas than Scotty-boy knows.All in all a forgettable experience, unless you like overpriced, mediocre food.  The rest of these 4 star reviews I got to wonder about, I mean their fav thing was the bread so 4 stars?
4	Scarpetta features a very good ambiance with a fantastic view of the  Bellagio Fountains. To get a great view, make sure you ask to be seated by the window upon reservation. Ambience is dark, sexy and romantic, but different tables set different moods. They also have a booth section that is very secluded from the rest. Starting with the notable wine list, I decided to pair my dinner with a glass of Malbec.Shortly after, our server brought us the bread basket. The bread basket consisted of foccacia, strombolli with warm meat and cheese, bread with herb, basic rolls and sourdough. Delicious!  They were served with mascarpone butter spread, citrus olive oil and eggplant spread.Our server told us that they were best known for their spaghetti. Hmmm, must try that next time. For appetizer, we started with the raw yellowtail. For our entrees, we ordered the duck foie gras ravioli  and prime NY steak.The yellowtail was very tender and refreshing. Used of rock salt gave it a unique after taste. I only wish there was more of it since it only came with 4 pieces. The duck and foie gras ravioli was alright.   I absolutely wanted to love this dish due to the presence of foie gras, but I could barely taste the foie gras. The marsala reduction was a delightful contrast to the ravioli. The steak was cooked to perfection. Medium rare, the way I like it. However, I can't say that it was the best I've ever had. Not even on my top three list.  It was served with seasonal vegetables such as carrots, tomatoes, roasted potatoes, wild mushrooms and parmigiano. We were told the  mushrooms were shitake , trumpet royale, beech, and pecorino mushroom. Since we were sharing everything, they were very accommodating by splitting everything for us.  The food timing was excellent! I wish I had more room for dessert but I was too full by the end of my meal.Overall, i enjoyed my dining experience at Scarpetta.
4	Was here this past year for CES, and we had 2 events here.One was our company dinner in the private room with a view of Bellagio Fountains and the other was a upper management meeting with a client over wine tasting in the private seating area which is in the kitchen.For the wine tasting, it was pretty awesome, except the room is probably equipped to seat 8 people comfortably, maybe 10, we squeezed in 12.  We enjoyed some awesome wines and some desserts, which hey mistakenly sent to our table, so they ended up comping those and bringing more, it was very good.  The cool thing about this private room, is that you have to walk through the kitchen to get to it and it is located next to the kitchen, with glass floor to ceiling so you can see into the kitchen as they work and cook and the background is a view of the Bellagio Fountains and the strip.  The second occasion was for our company dinner a few nights later since they were able to accommodate our group of 16 in the private dining room that is in front of the restaurant and our big boss loves Italian food.  Although you can order single entrees off the menu, we had our waiter set up our dinner family style with some of his recommendations and some of the things we wanted to try.  Also, our big boss had a request for something off the menu and the chef obliged with no problems.  Keeping the boss happy is always key!We had the following dishes.Apps - Braised short rib of beef, Creamy polenta, Raw yellowtail and Tuna Suscithe short ribs and the polenta were my favorite, the Susci was just ok.Entrees - Duck and Foie Gras ravioli, Short rib agnolotti, Sheep milk ricotta agnolotti.  All were awesome, but the duck and foie gras raviolli is very rich.We had dessert, but I don't actually remember what I had.Service was great and except the bar was slow, so they comped certain drinks that didn't show up in a time fashion.The minus one star was for the Sommelier, who seemed to enjoy the sound of his own voice and didn't really consider the requests of the guests at the table.  I understand he is very knowledgeable and he is an expert, but he could dial back the ego and work with the guest.  Other than that, great place, I recommend it and you will not be disappointed.
5	Had an amazing NYE dinner here. From start to finish it was nothing short of spectacular. Had a beautiful view of the fountains and some of the best drinks during our staycation at the Cosmopolitan. Starting with their delicious bread basket the Stromboli was fantastic. Warm cheesy meaty deliciousness. For appetizers we had the polenta and short ribs. Entrees were the Branzino and Aged Sirloin. Shared an order of their tomato basil spaghetti. The bombolini was our finisher. I would order everything again except for the Branzino, my shrimp were overcooked and it was very one dimensional. However everything else was so delicious it didn't linger very long. It was pricey but well worth the experience. I cannot wait to go back. I'm salivating just thinking about it...
3	Everyone raves about the views of the Bellagio fountains, but I didn't think that they were that great.  We got a great window table since my friend is in the Vegas business, but the view is more of a side-view.  Nothing spectacular.And the food was just ok too.  I guess their specialty is the Stromboli that is included in the bread basket.  Meh.And the rest of the dinner was pretty forgettable also.  The place has a nice vibe, but overall, I would say that I wouldn't go back.  They do stuff the tables and chairs in, so it's kind of cramped.
4	Very Impress with the wine sommelier he went out of his way to show us how fresh the Colorado Lamb was. Great place at a great price. If you like Pizza, Pasta and Lamb this place is worth the visit.
5	Sexy restaurant nestled in the cosmopolitan hotel over looking the Bellagio fountains.  Sophisticated flavors and thoughtful presentation...loved the Pici, Classic Spaghetti, Short Ribs, and Heirloom Tomatoes...the bread basket and accoutrements are to die for...most of all...thank you Jonathan for your impeccable service!
4	Scarpetta was very good, I am pretty mad that I did not order the duck ravioli though.We brought a bottle of nice vino, and corkage was $35. Steep compared to Jaleo which only charged us $25. The pasta was amazing, very doughy and fresh. Apparently they make it hand-made every day, crazy. I had the Pici Lobster which was good but needed more sauce on it.The heirloom tomato salad was great, but it came with a massive amount of cheese. So it was very rich and filling so be prepared to eat a lot of good cheese.Skipped dessert, two people was around $200.
5	400+ positive reviews says it all.  Scarpetta was one of the best dining experiences that I've had in Las Vegas, and one of the best Italian restaurants that I have been to. Our group of 8 got a semi-private room facing the Bellagio fountains, and from the moment we stepped in, the service was just top notch. Our server was professional, attentive, and extremely knowledgeable about the menu and gave some great pasta recommendations...and it didn't hurt that the pastas, for once, were actually big enough for a person to have as an entree. I went with the sheep milk ricotta agnolotti with truffles and parmesan (TO DIE FOR!), but the real hit at our table was the lobster pici.It's always the little touches that push a restaurant into 5-star territory for me, and at Scarpetta, it was our fantastic server bringing us a free tiramisu (also to die for...and I don't even like tiramisu!) for bringing one of our dishes out a tad late, and a plate of Italian cookies with a chocolate "Congratulations" message on the plate after finding out that one of us was getting married. If I can get a table, this is an absolute must-visit every time I go to Vegas!
4	Been wanting to try Scarpetta for awhile now! Decided to come here for dinner w my gf on a Wednesday night and it was not too busy. We shared everything and they split it all for us which was nice. The polenta with truffled mushrooms was Amazing I could have done without sharing this dish! The duck foie gras ravioli was rich and savory. The only dish was did not care for was the oratta which was a fish dish with a tomato based sauce. The fish was too fishy tasting for my liking and just overall lacked in flavor. The coconut panna cotta we got for dessert was delicious and I am still thinking about it! Definitely need to come back and try the spaghetti!
5	Some of the best pasta I've ever had. The spaghetti is to die for.
5	delicious food, the view was beautiful, the fountains at the Bellagio, classy ambience, good for couples, or group of friends, it is very nice, the food, starting with the bread omg it's soooo goood, we tried the pici pasta, duck raviolis, fennel spiced black cob, mediterranean orata and the prime ny steak... everything was sooo delicious, the service was perfect, the waiter was very nice... the price is standar for vegas for a nice restaurant... I want to go back... for sure!!
4	Good for Las Vegas but not exceptional overall for italian food in general.
5	a bachelorette party visit to scarpetta was by happenchance.  ok, i was wearing sky high heels and since there is no golf cart service to shuffle the ladies around...i canceled the she/morton rezzies for new ones at scarpetta which the group agreed to after checking out all the lovely shoes at the cosmopolitan!  plus who doesn't want to dine in style with housemade pasta?i think the folks here were trained at the school of Le Bernadin since they were on pointe with service.  you aren't supposed to notice how many interactions you actually have but they scored big.  i notice but i'm a foodie fanatic.LOVED that they gave white napkins for white dresses and black napkins for dark dresses.  the ladies can attest to the lint nightmare.  boo!: ask for a view! i failed to so we didn't have the bellagio view. (for next time).bread:insert triple toe curl for the bread selection and i'm not a gluten freak.  i would make out with the pastry chef just for the bread alone.appetizers and entrees:- the bride to be was in bliss with her veal duo.- i loved my foie gras pasta - it was not salty like other yelpers have mentioned. and i'm sodium sensitive.- every gal pretty much loved their dish from short rib to lobster pasta.- the only mini ding was that the calamari was way too spicy for my liking.wine list is lovely and affordable for vegas.  we would have stayed longer for more foodie adventures but our  group had more stops to make that night.  scarpetta is a solid date night spot or whenever you want to be pampered.tip: the lighting is kind on the eyes.  no botox required.
5	Great atmosphere, great service and great food.  Who could ask for more?  And we didn't even have any of Chef Scott Conant's famous pasta.  If so, this would probably be the first 6-star rating on YELP.Not cheap but definitely worth the money.  An experience I would gladly do over and over again!
5	My boyfriend and I are avid Chopped fans and Scott Conant is our favorite judge so it was only right to come here to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday :) To start off the meal they brought out some bread with different dipping sauces/spreads... before even ordering we scarfed down the whole basket. It was seriously the best bread ever. Even after we finished our entire meal we wanted more! We ordered the braised short ribs of beef with vegetable and farro risotto as an appetizer and or our entrees we ordered the spaghetti and short rib agnolotti. The spaghetti was fresh and the sauce had a good basil kick to it. But our favorite of the night had to be the short rib agnolotti! The horseradish sauce was amazing and worked so perfectly with the agnolotti--it was like eating juicy prime rib in the form of pasta!
5	Truly enjoyed dinner here with a few old friends I hadn't seen in a while! Our waiter Roberto was patient with us as we were so busy catching up we took a long time to look at the menu and order. Service was on point, professional, friendly, informative and unobtrusive. Every dish we tried was amazing! My favorites were the buratta salad and truffle sheep milk ravioli! My friends were speechless when they tried the short ribs with farro. The wine sommelier Paulo was very attentive and fun to talk to. Managers Mario and Kelly both stopped by the table to check on us and make sure every thing was perfect- which it was. Save room for dessert! The cheesecake was the best I have ever had! Highly recommend Scarpetto and can't wait to go back!
5	Had a wonderful dinner here last night. Our server was very knowledgable and attentive. We were celebrating a birthday and were given a table with a nice view of the strip and a free birthday dessert. Food was great and tasty, what more can you ask for?!?
2	Food was good, not great. Service severely lacking, at least at our table. Portions not comparable with the prices but could have been overlooked had our waiter been more professional and customer service oriented. Management really should choose their employees more carefully, and that would include front of the house.As for the window seating....where to begin. It really needs to be stated that even though there is window seating with view of the strip, there is a very large horizontal beam (which happens to be at eye level when seated) that obstructs your view. Restaurant should have made design considerations with regard to seating and tables to accommodate for that beam. Better places -hands down- in Vegas to spend a little less of my hard earned money and receive a better meal and better service!
5	Damn this was such a good meal!  My friends and I dined here for Restaurant Week 2013 and all of us, but one, ordered off the Restaurant week menu.  It all began when I made reservations on Open Table, courtesy of the Yelp App on my iPhone.  I didnt have any preference of where we sat, but where the hostess sat us was remarkable!  We got a window seat facing the Bellagio, so not only did we enjoy a delicious meal, we also got to enjoy a fantastic view of the strip, the Bellagio, and also the Bellagio Fountain show all at once!  Now this was a meal to remember!  Service was top notch, there were no disappointments there; the waiter we had was very attentive and helpful in helping us make our selection from the menu.  Course 1: Braised beef short rib - very tender pieces of sliced beef on top of what they called a risotto (not the traditional type of risotto) but it was still delicious!  The "Risotto" was basically diced pieces of vegetables which supported the 3-4 pieces of beef on top.  Very good combination of flavors and textures.  Very impressed.  Before the second course came, we were all scarfing down their stromboli bread which is complimentary with our meal!  It came with other bread, which were not that memorable.  The bread was also served with three types of spreads, an eggplant marinara spread, olive oil, and something else I cannot remember. On a side note, one of my friends even asked the waiter to bring an entire basket filled with the bread, which he did!  That made her evening! haha.  Course 2: Jidori Chicken - Now I didn't know what a Jidori chicken was, so I asked the waiter.  This whole time, I thought it was the way the chicken was cooked!  But instead, it is the type of chicken used to make the chicken, like using kurabuta pork.  I can definitely tell the difference with kurabuta pork and regular pork, but this jidori chicken was a bit more difficult to tell the difference from regular chicken, besides the fact that this chicken was MOIST throughout!  Maybe that's what makes Jidori chicken so good?  Well, next time I will know! =D  Not only did I have the second course as my main meal, I HAD to try their handmade spaghetti everyone RAVES about!  So I ordered a dish for everyone to share!  In conclusion, it was pretty damn good.  What makes it good is the noodles!  The texture is not too over or undercooked, but just right!  I guess the handmade pasta really makes a difference in a pasta dish!  Course 3: Chocolate cake with salted caramel ice cream - Now how can you end a meal without dessert!?  My stomach was SO distended PRIOR to the second course, but I had to taste everything!  By the time dessert came, I swear I have a second stomach!  I devoured not ONLY MY dessert, but my friends dessert too!  She ordered the stuffed donuts with nutella....what?! NUTELLA in fried dough?  Yes!  Nuff said. ;-)  I'd definitely come back to Scarpetta again!  Quite pricey for a student like myself, so probably come again with my family, during restaurant week, or when I start making the big bucks!
1	Complete, utter, crap. Ignored by servers for hours after we sat down and it was not busy there.Had to ask for everything. Forks? Yup we didn't get those. Water? Had to constantly ask for refills by flagging down any passing staff.You may think the food is really good only if you haven't actually traveled outside of the fast food box.I thought it was mediocre at best, but combine that with the horrible staff and the only experience you will have here is boredom.
4	After reading all the great yelp reviews we picked this place for my wife's birthday. Here is your ex-elite yelp renegade review.  I hope it is good enough for you.Our waiter helped with the wine list and led us in the right direction.  Huge win, you shouldn't have to study beforehand to be able to order wine.The bread is in fact good. But remember when you review a restaurant that knowing the bread is good is not actionable info.  Actually by knowing this I ordered a strong drink knowing the bread could save me, so good tip.The appetizers we had were rich, interesting that all of them looked rich. Polenta was good.  Crab corn chowder was great because it came as a plate of just crab - where's the chowder? They pour it on right in front of you, that's where. Fun and effective, lots of nice flavors all stood out. The appetizers were big.So then we tried the spaghetti because of the yelp reviews. It's tomato basil sauce on spaghetti. Everyone who raves about it is questionable. Have you ever had spaghetti with tomato basil sauce before? It is like that but over twenty dollars. Ours was super salty which I didn't like. This dish would be chopped for sure.We had two fish dishes both were pretty good but the fennel black cod was the best, cooked just through.Dessert was 5 huge doughnut balls and really surprised me. Simple and delicious. They were perfectly done. Not a thing wrong. Super satisfying. Service had ramped back up for dessert.The setting is sweet. Windows overlooking the bellagio fountains. Cool looking wine cellar. Plan your visit to be there through sunset as the strip lights come on.  It had a comfortable relaxed atmosphere but still classy.  We had a lot of fun.  I'd go again.
3	3.5 stars. My review of the NYC location received 5 stars. As of now my wife & I visited 2 different Scarpetta locations both NYC & Las Vegas & while both restaurants were great, Scarpetta in NYC blew me away!!! This time I tried the infamous Scott Conant spaghetti & must say, it was really good. The flavors were alive & the pasta was perfectly al dente. Very good. Still, the NYC location is better. Even the bread basket was slightly off in Las Vegas but still good. I guess the difference in chefs changed things a little. Not to mention service was a little lifeless & cold. Still I'm affectionate about Scarpetta. In NYC that is lol.
5	My wife and I went there to celebrate our anniversary. Our table faced the Bellagio and were entertained by their fountains all night long. The service was extraordinary. We started with the polenta. Woooowwww! Amazing texture and flavor. Our second dish was short rib agnolotti. Spectacular horseradish sauce and the breadcrumbs add a very interesting and fun texture. For the main dish my wife ordered another agnolotti. This time it was the sheep milk with shaved summer truffles and Parmesan emulsion. This dish is nothing short of brilliant. I had a newly added dish. It was the Kobe Rib Cap. This was served beautifully med rare over homemade gnocchi, variety of mushrooms and with a Barolo reduction. This was probably the best bite I've ever had!!! We will definitely come back soon! Great experience.
4	This cute, Italian restaurant is located at the Cosmopolitan. We came here for a friend's birthday dinner and had a great service. We got free bread (take full advantage) and it was delicious! They have a good options for their main entrees. Since I am a vegetarian, I was going to stick with the usual and get a salad. The waiter then told me they have a separate vegetarian menu which made even more happier. You can see the fountains at Bellagio from this restaurant.
5	What an incredible restaurant. Definitely come here when you come to Vegas. I sampled the entire menu and there was not a single dish that wasn't incredible. The staff is friendly and curious.
5	Look - I'm going to keep this as simple as I can. I'm astute in the world of culinary arts and have a high appreciation for an incredible meal and the impact that good service and ambiance can have on an evening out.  I also enjoy basic Italian comfort food at times and that's what I happened to be craving on this particular occasion. I found the best of both worlds at Scott Conant's Las Vegas masterpiece. With that being said... We had a slight misunderstanding when we arrived regarding the reservation and our seating preference. The manager was professional enough to minimize any anxieties and made sure we felt that it would be worked out immediately. She sat my wife and I at the bar and proceeded to make us two complimentary cocktails - herself! They were outstanding BTW.  We were seated at the window and enjoyed the Bellagio water show in the backdrop.  The food... it was absolutely the most incredible dinning experience I have had in the last 10 years. We had some of everything on the menu...  It was the equivalent to exquisite gourmet comfort food porn. The wine list is stellar and the service I received was impeccable and personable.  Our server was outstanding - DO NOT believe any negative hype about this restaurant. This is a must for anyone wanting to venture and try something new - Scarpetta will not disappoint.
5	Great service!! Me and my lady shared spaghetti (tomato and basil), broccoli (seasoned with garlic) and braised short rib appetizer!! Good proportions, and yummy bread with three different types of spread. I could eat five bowls!!
5	We've been to Scarpetta's every year for the last 3 years. We've made sure to go every time we are in Vegas. We were just there for my birthday last week, and it's the same experience everytime. Stellar. The food is wonderful, the view is gorgeous, and the staff is courteous, and prompt. We look forward to dinner here every year.
5	I generally don't eat out at very many fancy places.  This is about as fancy as I get.  I came here with a bunch of colleagues from work, and one of the people in my dinner party was a well-to-do doctor who eats here often and knows everyone at the restaurant.  This is an awesome restaurant.  The view outside the panoramic window overlooks the fountains at Bellagio.  It's an amazing view!  I had multiple appetizers shared among my party, a pasta dish as an entree, and several desserts.  Everything was perfect.  I didn't get a chance to look at the bill, but I'm sure it was substantial.  Like several hundred dollars.  But it was worth the experience.
5	Went here for an anniversary dinner. The service was great. Requested a table with a window view of the Belagio fountain. The food was amazing. The place itself was dark and pretty intimate, with top 40 music playing in the background. They had a book of available wines that was about 20 pages long, if you're into that stuff. I stayed with my old reliable Jack and coke.Its a pretty pricey dinner. we had two entrees, two appetizers ($23 scallops which were amazing), and a few drinks by the glass. All of which rang up to about $150. Definitely a place I would recommend be prepared for a pricey bill however.
5	Mike L below couldnt have said it any better regarding the scallops, the soup and the Foie Gras Ravioli, the simple speghetti was amazing as well and the Lobster Piche was on point. Just wish it wasnt located at the Cosmo, so many fake people walking around pretending to be fake Millionares.
5	SCARPETTA....OH HOW I TRY TO AVOID YOU!  Yes that was deserving of all cap's. So let me just take you back...oh say 5-6 years ago. I was living in NYC and somehow ended up at an "italian restaurant" with no sign (or a very small one) and had the best spaghetti...EVER. I was whisked away into the night without ever knowing the name of the restaurant/where it was (forgot, ugh).Fast forward like oh... to a year ago when I had the pleasure of dining at Scarpetta here in Miami where I now live and A HA! I somehow had the same spaghetti that I had all those years ago. Immediately I'm like "holy ___(insert adj here)____" this is the best spaghetti...EVER and that was when my love/hate relationship with Scarpetta all began.Love - in the sense that the food is heavenly and even after eating PASTA (carb overload), I yet still seem to be able to squeeze just a little bit extra onto my plate (whether it be dessert or what have you). It's not the type of pasta where you just peel over and die after because you just stuffed your stomach to maximum capacity. The flavors, heavenly. It's hard for me to justify paying for pasta. I feel like it's the absolute easiest dish to cook in the world (equivalent to a damn bowl of cereal) but at Scarpetta honestly, I would pay more. I stick with the regular spaghetti (trust me on this one).Hate - in the sense that let's face it people...you're eating a plate full of carbs! Yes my body screams at me as I take every bite of the spaghetti...but it is like drug without the negative consequences (like oh say loosing your kids, family, job, and basically whole life). With this pasta, you just loose a few hours of your life while you are chained to a stair master all day to work it off. Believe me, if you haven't already figured this out by my review so far, let me break it down for you, it's worth it.I suggested to my girlfriends that we all go to Scarpetta...- they're all like "well you're the elite girl so we have to go where you want to eat" (and this is coming from girls who only eat like salads) and I'm like ok this is our food cheat weekend, remember? (girls vacation) and they're like "mmmhm" and so then I'm all like "SURPRISE! It's pasta time" Well of course one of the girls was like "ohhh hell no" and stuck with her healthy fish (arctic char) but my other girlfriend caved and had the spaghetti with me (muy bien). The friend who had the arctic char (it was her first time eating it but went with it because of the suggestion from our waiter) really enjoyed it. She said it was absolutely delicious. The spaghetti? I don't even need to say...you already KNOW.We had wine and mimosa's and blahblahblah it was amazing.ALSO, I am not sure if this will still be available but there was a tasting course menu which looked TO DIE FOR. However, the entire table needs to ALL order it (duh) so if you have a group of people possibly looking for a course-tasting meal, DEFINITELY CALL AHEAD and get their menu for it. The spaghetti is ON IT along with scallops and a bunch of other things all for a very reasonable price (compared to other course tasting meals like say at ohh... Le Cirque). Definitely try out Scarpetta. From start to finish, everything was perfect.
5	Fabulous dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday!   We were treated like royalty.  We sat at a table just off the kitchen with an incredible view of all the talent in the kitchen and a great view of the Bellagio fountains.  Mario (the GM) was so gracious.  Noe (the sommelier) was hysterical and kept us laughing all night long.  Thank you to everyone at Scarpetta that helped create incredible memories for our group of five.
4	My partner took me here for my 22nd birthday. It was one hell of a treat. He was able to get us a chair near the windows with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. The lighting was dim, but not too dark and surprisingly quiet and romantic. He ended up purchasing (not sure what the hell it's called) this sort of sampling type thing...expensive, but we had about 8 courses of food or so. By the time we got to the dessert, I was stuffed. The food was amazing. The service was spectacular. The place looked nice, but expect to spend a little money for this amazing place.
4	We came here on a Wednesday evening for a company meeting. Our menu consisted of a full course meal: Primi - Served Family Style1. Creamy Polenta - Fricassee of truffled mushrooms2. Heirloom Tomato Salad - Burrata, marinated eggplant Pasta - Served Family Style 1. Spaghetti - Tomato and Basil Piatti - Individual 1. Fennel Dusted Black Cod - Concentrated tomatoes, mantecato, black olive oil 2. Organic Jidori Chicken - Mustard spatzle carrots, fegato sauceDolce - Served Family Style1. Amedei Chocolate Cake - Toasted almond gelato, salted caramel sauce- Hard to find! Literally, it's like a crevice on the third floor of the Cosmo! WTF, weird entrance. - Nice staff. Presentable dining area for larger groups. Fast at wine refills. - I loved the spaghetti! Although simple, the noodles tasted great! The flavoring was fresh and rich. - Their polenta was unremarkable. Cornmeal boiled in porridge. I prefer simple mashed potatoes. - Fresh tomato salad! Loved the ripe tomatoes. But awkward to eat as family-style. - The chicken was soft and tender. Not too salty. I'm glad I got this over the Cod. Although the cod was flavored nicely, I didn't like picking some of the bones out of it. - Dessert was amazing. Not too sweet, but the correct balance to end of the meal.- Overall, nice plating and nice night.
5	Wow! Really excellent home made pastas!! Everything was delicious and their desserts were all excellent!!
4	Tasting menu was great.  Highlights were all the appetizers and  pasta dishes.Duck was ok, fish was good, but skin wasn't perfectly crisp and a little too chewy.  Wine pairing was appropriate.Overall very nice dinner, very nice setting and view.  Service was good, not perfect.
3	3 - appetizers - Creamy Polenta (perfect flavor, slightly thin), Tomato and Mozzarella, Braised Beef (both small, but excellent).2 - pastas - a beautiful mini-ravioli excellently sauced and thick noodle in tomato sauce that was less successful (too thick and chewy).Entres were OK, but the staff confused who got what.  My filet of beef was undercooked and uneventful.Desserts - flour-less chocolate was ok, otherwise, unmemorable.Very nice dining room (some get beautiful views of the Bellagio Fountain).Service was adequate.
4	So while at a convention in Vegas, my two co-workers and I came here for dinner on 10/6/13 on a recommendation from a friend who claimed it's the best restaurant in the city. All three of us did the tasting menu ($110 per person) and two of us opted for the wine pairing with it (additional $45 per person). With all the delicious looking options on the menu, it seemed this was the way to go. Here's what was included: -DUO OF YELLOWTAIL AND TUNA "SUSCI". Wine pairing: Adami, Prosecco, Veneto, n/v. The "susci" was the first tasting and my least favorite of all. Nothing special to me. Or at least I didn't get what was supposed to be special about it. The roll with the carrots was kind of gross actually. I was hoping things would turn around quickly, and they did. Ohhhh they did.-ROASTED DIVER SCALLOPS, MORELS, SUGAR SNAP, WATERMELON RADISH & PEA FROTH. Wine pairing: Iberian Remix, Albarino, Edna Valley 2009. The scallops were cooked perfectly and I enjoyed the puree that was served on the side. My friend however didn't enjoy the wine that was paired with it. He's a big Albarino drinker and said it tasted like "it was sitting on the shelf a little too long." I didn't really notice that until he said it, but I have to agree. That could have just been a bad bottle though and not an accurate representation of the wine itself.-SPAGHETTI TOMATO BASIL & SHORT RIB AGNOLOTTI. Wine pairing: Il Poggione, Rosso di Montalcino, Tuscany 2008. I don't care what anyone says- the spaghetti was fantastic. I'm drinking the Kool-Aid here. Yes, the sauce is very simple, but it really made me notice and appreciate the texture and freshness of the noodles more. Sometimes spaghetti is better when it's simple I guess. I would definitely order it again. The short rib agnolotti- dish of the night. The three of us unanimously agreed on this. One of the best pasta dishes I've ever devoured in 10 seconds. The horseradish breadcrumbs were a great finishing touch.-FENNEL SPICED BLACK COD, CONCENTRATED TOMATOES, MANTECATO & BLACK OLIVE OIL. Wine pairing: Jermann Red Angel, Pinot Noir, Friuli 2008. The cod was spiced well, but maybe a tad undercooked for my liking. I still finished it. -SPICED DUCK BREAST, ENDIVE, PRESERVED ORANGE &CIPPOLLINI. Wine pairing: Feudi di San Gregorio, Rubrato, Aglianico, Campania 2009. The duck was perfectly cooked and had tremendous flavor. My friend sitting next to me was already so stuffed by this point, that he couldn't eat his, so being the fat fuck that I am, I ate his too.-AMEDEI CHOCOLATE CAKE TOASTED ALMOND GELATO. Wine pairing: Quinta do Noval, Colheita, Tawny Port, Portugal 1997. I'm normally not a big dessert guy, but this cake was outstanding. Perfect way to cap off the tasting....and here were a few complimentary items our table was given to share:- BREAD BASKET. It was served with three different dips (citrus olive oil, tomato-eggplant, and marscapone butter). Some of the pieces of bread had salami baked into it, and those were amazing! Just try not to fill up on them if you're doing the tasting menu, because you have A LOT of food on the way.- CREAMY POLENTA WITH FRICASSEE OF TRUFFLED MUSHROOMS. The polenta was definitely one of the highlights, although it could have benefited from being a tad thicker since the mushroom sauce liquified it significantly, once mixed  in. But great flavors, nonetheless.- SHOE STRING CALAMARI AND ZUCCHINI. I think there was some fennel in here too. We finished every last string.All three of us immensely enjoyed the tasting menu. To say that we were not left disappointed by the portion sizes would be an understatement. We could barely walk out of there without toppling over. I certainly didn't have much room for alcoholic beverages for the remainder of the night. Probably a good thing, knowing me and Vegas.You might notice I didn't have much to say about the wines. That's because unlike the food, they were all pretty unremarkable. I'm a pretty avid wine drinker and I didn't recognize any of these wines by name before they were poured for me, so it was almost expected. If I ever did the tasting menu again, I'd most likely skip the wine pairing option and just order a bottle of something decent and familiar off their wine menu. My biggest gripe about this place was the waiter. Although friendly and accommodating, he could barely be heard over the background noise, and with his thick accent, it made him very difficult to understand. Tastings obviously are supposed to be interactive and I had to ask him to repeat everything he said at least once. This became a little frustrating and kind of depreciated the experience for me. I wish he had left a copy of the menu on our table so I didn't have to go to their website afterward to finally discover what some of the things I ate were.The bottom line is I would definitely return to Scarpetta, especially since I just realized there is one in Beverly Hills (doh!).
2	I was really excited for our dinner to Scarpetta with some friends. The service was good, but the food was very underwhelming. I just expected more from Scott Conant. The food wasn't bad, just average and at the prices you're paying to dine here the food better not be average.
5	Everything was amazing. The beat salad, spaghetti and the sea bass! Noe put our meal together for us and made us all very happy!  Wonderful dining experience!
3	During my first stay in Vegas I knew I needed to plan out where I wanted to fine dine. After combing through many reviews I made a reservation at  Scarpetta a week in advance. The three stars are given more for the ambience then the food. Our table looked out to the Bellagio and we were able to watch the fountain show as we dined. Great disappointment fell over me as I began to eat the Farmer's Market Salad. Beautiful yes, full of wonder fresh veggies BUT unless you got a mouthful of pecorino in every bite it was severely under seasoned. We both ordered pasta dishes. My bf the duck foie gras ravioli and I the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti. The pasta itself was light and delicious. The Marsala reduction on the duck foie gras was a little powerful over the duck flavor but overall a good dish. However, the horseradish flavor in the agnolotti was so overpowering it left my palette craving to be cleansed after each mouthful.  I'm glad I tried Scarpetta but based on this visit not sure I would be willing to give it another opportunity to disappoint.
4	Authentic Italian food and house made pasta--the only way to enjoy Italian food. Scarpetta was a lovely experience. The duck foie gras ravioli was great but the stand out was definitely the spaghetti--cooked to perfection. The orata (branzino) was nicely done, too. While I'd pass on the chocolate cake which tasted a bit generic, my favorite of the night was the pana cotta--delicious! The service was decent--slightly snobby but it comes with the territory. I'd love to dine here again.
4	Fresh pasta that made 2 people near me say "this is the best pasta I've ever had". I loved the regular spaghetti and the vegetable sides. Intimate environment and great service.
4	I had a pleasant meal at the bar.  I got their mushroom polenta which was absolutely delicious.  The polenta was really creamy and the mushrooms flavored perfectly.  It complemented my duck foie gras ravioli really well.  The ravioli was not as good at the polenta.  I thought the skin was too thin, and the filling not substantial enough.  It was a smooth, light filling but I was left hungry after finishing it.  I probably should have gotten the other ravioli dish.For dessert, the panna cotta with guava sauce and pineapples was a refreshing way to end the meal.
5	One of the best meals I've had in a long time....appropriately priced and amazing quality. The ambiance is amazing and the staff there is impeccably trained. Even the bread (with the variety of spreads) will knock your socks off. Just make sure to save room for the actual entrees...The duck and foie gras ravioli is their signature dish and reasonably so. It's amazing. Delicate and refined is probably the best way to describe it. Colorado Lamb was amazing. The lamb was not gamey at all and the different components of the dish worked in harmony. I will admit that I still like the Colorado Lamb from Stage restaurant in Honolulu...I remember one of my friends having a really delicious pasta (mint infused?) but I can't remember all the details regarding it. I just remembered it was heavenly. Strawberry souffle was amazing. Light, aromatic, and slightly sweet. It blew my socks off and definitely put Maison Akira's souffle to shame. Zeppole are AHH-MAYYY-ZIING. Deep fried dough nuggets (so light and airy!) filled with a rich nutella center. Even if you're full, you need to get these...or you will regret it forever. Definitely a great place to hit up for a bite to eat when you're in Vegas. I definitely will be returning during my next trip!
4	The last time I was in Vegas, my friends and I started our trip off with a meal here.Food wise, this was a mistake, because every restaurant that we ate at for the rest of the weekend paled in comparison.I didn't mess around here. My first course was raw yellowtail. The fish was nicely cut, and the ginger oil on top was a perfect touch.The table agreed that we would share two pastas: the agnolotti with short ribs and bone marrow (oh my god) and the simple spaghetti. Both were amazing, but the agnolotti was so good that I almost cried. Almost.For my main, I went big and ordered the "Kobe" beef rib cap. Though I loathe seeing "Kobe" anywhere on an American menu, the beef was still high quality and I refused to share it with anyone since that's what I do when I enjoy my meal to much. Assholish, sure, but necessary.While I was eating my beef, a pack of tech brosephs (one of the was naturally wearing Google Glass) walked by our table and asked me how the beef was. I told them it was good and that I was "crushing it," since I believe that's the common terminology used by brosephs to describe how they consume good food.
5	This place has ruined me. I'm never going to be able to eat dried pasta again, only the fresh stuff for this girl. But seriously, they MUST have Italian grandmas cranking out homemade pasta by the pound. Easily the best Italian food I've had. Definitely an upscale place. I've had several food items (spaghetti, foie gras and duck ravioli, ribeye, multiple glasses of wine, raw yellowtail, pici, short ribs, and the dessert doughnuts) and every single thing is delicious. Service is perfect, I was never in want of anything. Servers are knowledgeable and passionate about what they're serving. Also wonderful wine recommendations. Something that I din't expect is getting the best steak I've had in this city here. Their ribeye is without a doubt the finest piece of red meat I've had in my life. If STK is too busy (it is), but you still want a great steak, come on over to Scarpetta. You will not be disappointed. Another great thing to mention is the view. Wanna wow your lady with a great view of the Bellagio fountains? Make a reservation and request it.
5	Scarpetta was amazing.  We enjoyed the tasting menu, which was quite a culinary tour.  Seasonal vegetables were well integrated into the menu.  Service was impeccable.
4	Very tasty w/ Italian rootsI won't say that Scarpetta is exclusively Italian cuisine, but all the basics are there for quality dining with some very nice views of the fountains outside. Service is top notch with emphasis on your experience being 100%. Food quality was exceptional for the money, bar-none. A wide variety of flavor choices for most folks, and some more common choices for the simpler people. Nothing was overspiced as I had become accustomed to at high-end Italian places, which was nice.Seafood was nice w/ great accompanying vegetables (marinated cherry tomatoes are amazing). Breads w/ prosciutto were impeccable as an appetizer, and the wine selection was pretty damned good (it helps that their wine cooler-thingy is a clear wall). I would definitely return when back in Vegas. It also helps that you see some fairly well-known entertainers eat here, which is a decent sign of quality.
4	The environment is cool and classy.  You can get away with casual attire, but a little dressier would fit better.  This is definitely an option for a romantic dinner as well.The service team was attentive and friendly.  The bread basket is filled with tasty options.For my meal I ordered the Short Rib & Bone Marrow Agnolotti.  It was very good.  It also has brown butter, horseradish and bread crumbs as part of the meal.  The horseradish is very subtle, so do not get scared away by that.  The bone marrow helps give it deep flavor.  The meal is very good.  The portion is modest, so definitely consider an appetizer, soup or salad to pair with it.
3	Had a later reservation, 9pm, expected a larger crowd but the restaurant wasn't that busy. We were seated in the larger dining room with an excellent view of the Bellagio fountains show - did not realize the fountains could shoot that high into the air?!?! Wow!Ambiance was nice, relaxed, easy. Selection  on the menu was great, something for just about everyone. Wait staff gave us 5 star service. Value was a 3 because although the meal was decent, we had read so many excellent reviews and this restaurant came highly recommended by peers from work, yet the food didn't blow us away. We ate recently in Napa at Botega and paid the same amount ~$125 for the meal and neither of us could stop talking about that meal. At Scarpetta, the $125 was expensive for the food. We shared the Burata salad, which was delicious. - I recommend it. I had the turkey dinner special (a Thanksgiving special item) it was good, but the taste was average. She had the lamb and we thought the Turkey was better. No dessert. Wine selection was excellent. I'd recommend the restaurant but wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
3	Taste: 3.5Creativity/Authenticity: 4Atmosphere: 4Service: 4Bang for your buck: 3Now im a huge fan of Chef Scott conant and have had the honor the meet him at his beverly hills scarpetta location, so going to the LV location i would figure it would be the same excellent. First the service here is impeccable, the staff is on point and very knowledgeable of the menu. The atmosphere is amazing, very romantic for dates and great views on the Bellagio fountains. Now to the food... got the beef tar tar, squid and baby octopus and heir loom tomato salad to start; all were delicious, the beef tar tar was amazing with the egg yoke Mmmmm getting hungry writing this review. The heir loom tomato salad with baratta cheese oh my goodness, the flavors accentuate each other complimenting one another without overpowering one another. The squid and baby octopus was so flavorful, cooked to perfection; not chewy very tender. Now to the main course which is a big part of why my rating was so low, got the duck foie gras ravioli and the Fettuccine with lamb ragu and broccoli rab. I don't know what went wrong but my ravioli with the foie gras was so over whelming that it was hard to finish the plate, needs something to balance out the flavors. the pasta itself had no flavor (probably not salted) now to the fettuccine with lamb, which was well just fettuccine with lamb nothing special, not much flavor either and nothing special. Maybe its the location the waiter said scott doesn't come here often so maybe he needs to swing by and check up on this place but overall not impressed and ill stick to eating at the one in beverly hills
4	There is a Scarpetta in NYC but as of last week I have only been to the Las Vegas location. Marc Maron interviewed Scott Conent (who I have seen on TV a number of times) and talked about the spaghetti dish and how he could not believe how good it was. Well it is VERY good. My mom hadn't been feeling great prior to our trip so I think  she didn't really absorb how good the meal was. I had a special appetizer that had Octopus and lentils which was really good. We had a table near the window and were able to see the Bellagio Fountains. Mom had scallops-she said they were good. The spaghetti was really out of this world. Every time one has fresh pasta I think you are reminded that no matter how skilled a cook someone is if it is dry in a box-it is dry in a box. This clearly had been made day of and the tomato sauce, was flavorful and the pasta wasn't drowning in it.We had the ricotta cheesecake which was a small round serving (different than other places) with some fruit sauce.
1	I don't claim to be an expert in fine dining, however, I have traveled extensively and Consider myself well versed in a variety of cuisines. I was thoroughly unimpressed with Scarpetta. I had very high expectations and was pretty let down on every level. First of all the wine was so overpriced it was laughable. The food was super bland and the presentation was sloppy. I ordered 3 courses as well as cocktails and after dinner drinks. With each course I would reassure myself that the next would be better. It never got better. I am always willing to pay a premium price for food that is worth it. In this case it was absolutely not worth it. I did however, think our server was good and our table had a nice view. Unfortunately, the mediocrity of the food out weighed any of the pleasantries of the experience.I will definitely not recommend this to anyone and will never return.
4	One of the very few (if not the only one) restaurants on the strip where the Vegas location is a LOT better than the one in NYC. Scarpetta LV is light years ahead of its namesake in Manhattan's Meatpacking district. The service is, without a question, much better here than in NYC and so was the food. Scarpetta NYC, on the other hand, has a quirkier, much more interesting wine list featuring Italian wines exclusively. So, I guess you'd have to visit both locations and decide for yourself.
4	Great atmosphere, had a table overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  Service was top notch as is with most higher end restaurants in LVDuck & foie gras ravioli - very good Polenta with mushrooms - really exceptional.  Smooth and real depth of flavours in the sauce.Spaghetti - just so much depth and flaour in such a simple dish of pasta, tomato & basil.Lamb - well prepared, Wine Selection - great selection $100+
5	This place was so yummy. And what a view! We got the tuna appetizer to start and it was so good. I got some sort of steak and I remember it being perfectly cooked. And the dessert was absolutely divine. I have eaten at some fine places, and this place was very, very good. Better than I expected!
5	Visited here over Thanksgiving while staying at one of my fave hotels, The Cosmopolitan. Scott Conant's famous restaurant overlooks the Bellagio fountains if you get a window seat, and has a wonderfully romantic but classic vibe. Not too loud, not too trendy, just elegant. I started with my favorite, a burrata and heirloom tomato salad with roasted eggplant which was quite a large portion and was very fresh. It needed to be considering what I was following it up with...Duck & Foie Gras ravioli. I know. Whenever out of CA right? Homemade pasta stuffed with melt in your mouth pockets of foie gras drizzled with a barolo reduction. I'd never had anything like it and probably never will and it was truly amazing and truly rich. I started with a cocktail that I don't remember the name of, but it was a usual concoction of my favorites, gin, basil, apple juice, and something else delicious and fresh. I wish I could remember more what Tristan had...he started with a fresh soup of some kind, pureed italian pea poured over veggies and hazelnuts I believe that he went nuts for. He also had a pasta (all homemade needless to say) with a lamb ragu. I'd absolutely go if you have the opportunity.
4	Wonderful presentation and food!! If you want great service ask to be seated in jonothan's tables and tip appropriately for the service. Fine dining for goodies for sure.
5	What a GEM! I am in L O V E. I'm gonna give you the play by play... but really all you need to know is to JUST GO.Appetizer:Heirloom tomato and burrata salad. Sounds typical, and honestly not terrifically unique, but it was done well. Perfectly ripe tomatoes with the creamiest burrata. Microgreens on top added just the right balance of herby bite.Pastas:SPAGHETTI. HOLY MOLY. Who knew that some plain spaghetti could have such nuanced and delicious flavors. I looked up the recipe online as soon as I got back to my hotel because you know this is making an appearance ASAP at home.Pici with pesto and lobster. Very solid. I don't think this is an attempt-at-home pasta. It was excellent though.Short rib agnolotti. Solid choice. Very flavorful.For all the pastas, they were cooked PERFECTLY. Spaghetti really stole the show though.Entree:I had the fennel dusted cod. Honestly I was already getting pretty full by then... so I don't think I enjoyed it as much as I would have without the pasta binge. However, it was cooked perfectly and the first few bites were delectable. I actually couldn't finish because after our shared app and pastas, I was already getting full. The accompanying veg were also expertly cooked and paired well with the fatty fish.Everyone else opted for the duck, veal, and filet. Meat eaters I guess.Desserts:PANNA COTTA. This was the second recipe I researched as soon as I got home. I am SO EXCITED to make this. Hawaii is my favorite place on earth and this is just hawaii in your mouth. Silky, smooth, and perfect.  Coconut, guava... so so tasty.Chocolate souffle. I'm not the biggest souffle fan, but even I can appreciate the technical skill and mastery that went into the baking of our souffle. It came with a spiced choco sauce and cookie dough bites and fancy buncha crunch. It was delicious, just not my favorite.I also had a perfectly crafted cappuccino. In short.... can't wait to try the bev hills location.
2	Have to say quite disappointed for fine dining.  Service was good, just way to rush in sending out the courses.  Had a tasting menu with wine pairing.  Have to say price is not expensive, but food was not the best.  Especially signature dishes as spaghetti and duck breast.  The spaghetti is like random home made tv dinner.  Noodle was too thick.  Duck breast is way over cooked.  Expect a bit more from Cosmopolitan fine dining.  For usd 250 per person, the package should be a bit better.
4	My friends were headed to Bacchanal for dinner and... I'm not really a buffet guy, so I walked over to Cosmo and ate here... at the bar.  I'd heard so much about that damn spaghetti dish that... I was excited to try it.  AWESOME bread basket.  It came with an eggplant thing (very descriptive, I know) that was f'ing delicious.  The spaghetti was good, but not "Best Thing I Ever Ate" good.  Hell... I make better spaghetti at home.  The noodles were a bit too thick for my taste (and undercooked).  Sauce was decent.Would I go back?  Yeah, though I'd probably try something else from the menu.
4	omg.  the food is terrific.  service was awesome
4	Once we were shown our table, our server  was right behind with the wine list and menu. Awesome. My Manhattan was made perfectly and my bf's dirty martini was made just dirty enough. We knew that Scarpetta's known for their homemade pastas so that's what we focused on - we got the short-rib and bone marrow agnolotti, duck and foie gras ravioli, lamb ragu fettucine and the Brussels sprouts as main courses. The brussel sprouts were meh. The lamb ragu was good but the agnolotti and ravioli were amazing! Had the grilled Dover scallops for and appetizer and they were awesome and the bombalini with Nutella were phenomenal. We were seated by the windows where you could watch the Bellagio water show so that made the meal even more special.
5	Absolutely amazing!   Customized everything we requested, very friendly staff, and the vegetarian options were incredible.  I had the creamy polenta as a dinner option and was blown away.  David had the fois gras duck ravioli and was so happy!  Will definitely come back
4	I'm a little sad to give this update... I love Scarpetta.  I returned here for dinner after about a year and a half and there was something that just wasn't the same about it. The restaurant itself is still outstanding. And the food is great, EXCEPT, one thing just didn't seem the same anymore.  The shortrib appetizer.  All of us at the table agreed that something changed and it really wasn't good.  In fact, it's definitely now something I wouldn't order again.  The meat was dry and the flavor just wasn't there. And as for service, our waiter was nice...but there was a server who continued to hover around our table.  Attentiveness is appreciated but hovering when we're trying to enjoy our dinner was a little annoying.  And my last gripe - I ordered the chocolate souffle for dessert. Normally, the servers set it up for you and show you how to pour the chocolate over, put the toppings, etc.  But nothing.  They just placed this gigantic beautiful souffle in front of me and I stared it at like how am I supposed to eat this.  It was great, but I just thought it was weird that they didn't offer any help.   I still love Scarpetta but ... this night they were a little off.
5	Located on the third floor on restaurant row and a hallway's distance from the newly erected Chelsea, the restaurant was elegant with a cool jazzy swagger to it. Warm Edison style lighting cascading above with a panoramic window view of the Bellagio fountains! What more could you ask for? Well, yeah great service comes with your reservation as well. Our server Titus was a pro! He was thoughtful friendly and attentive. That said, the supporting staff and sommelier were equally charming and helpful.  I decided on the New Year's Eve pre fixe, no brainer right with a bottle of bubbly to accompany the memorable experience. Our first course was a tuna tartare prepared with pine nuts and topped with micro greens. The texture was light with a supple mouthfeel. It had a subtle nutty flavor to it tasting almost like a steak tartare, which I adore.  Two small toastettes accompanied this whimsically delicious starting dish, as well.Second course was a roasted sea scallop topped with foie gras and served with a butternut squash raisin caper caponata. Now I've had my share of scallop dishes and for the most part I'm usually left feeling underwhelmed  but not with this dish. Foie gras and scallops are like a match made in foodie heaven. The thick and beautifully seared scallop medallion paired with rich velvety foie gras and the sweet & salty tang of the creamy butternut squash and caper caponata made each bite a flavor explosion in my mouth. Superb!Just when I thought it couldn't get better, the following dish blew me away! A pumpkin ravioli topped with crumbled amaretto cookies. The Hand made ravioli was soft and perfectly cooked, the creamy pumpkin coupled with crunchy amaretto cookies was a play on all my senses! The sweet flavor and fragrant aroma also made this intoxicating dish not only decadent  but a satisfying flavor journey I'd gladly take again and again! The final savory dish was a wagyu beef served atop a creamy mash with spinach. Now this dish speaks for itself. You simply can't go wrong with perfectly medium rare wagyu beef. It just melts in your mouth, literally! It's a symphony of delights from start to finish. Encore! From the amazing cuisine, exceptional service, sleek & cool environs and awesome view, I really couldn't ask for more out of a wonderfully unforgettable NYE dinner.Bravo Scarpetta!!!
4	This low-lit place is very classy and romantic. The service was excellent. Our food came out pretty quickly after we ordered. And there are seats next to the window with a nice view of part of the strip.  The food:-Complimentary bread: A real breadwinner! There was an assortment of breads that were warm and delicious: focaccia with rosemary, one with mozarella baked into it, one with salami, one with a leafy green in it, and bite-sized one that were crunchy. The bread comes with softened butter (it was so soft), an eggplant tomato sauce, and an olive oil-based dip. -Duck and foie gras ravioli: It was delicious. It was plentiful and full of flavor.-Endive salad with beets: My gf really enjoyed this. It was presented very well. It had a nice, slightly bitter taste that was well-complimented by the sweetness of the beets that were on the side.
4	First Impressions: Classy, classy, classy! Scarpetta is located on the 3rd floor in the Cosmo and everything about this restaurant screams class. My reservation for Scarpetta was for 1/1/2014 at 7:30 pm. The actual reservation was made about a week prior and I had put in a request to be seated with a view of the Bellagio fountain show. Upon arrival, the hostess said they had tried their best to accommodate my request but that we would be seated one row away from the window view of the fountains. Nevertheless, I appreciate the honesty and their earnest efforts. The service was impeccable and up to the standards of a Scott Conant restaurant. My bf and I were seated and presented with the menus immediately. Our waters were filled and a wine menu was brought to the table. My bf decided to order the duck and foie gras ravioli with marsala reduction ($27) and I ordered the endive and apple salad with heirloom beets, gorgonzola cheese and candied walnuts ($17). Once our orders were placed, the breadbasket was brought out. I truly appreciated the attention placed into informing the patrons on the different types of breads and dips. It was helpful because now I knew exactly what types of gourmet breads we would be feasting on! From what I can recall, I remember a small ciabatta, a piece of foccacia, and two breads with mozzarella and salami baked in. The breads were warm, and enclosed in a cloth napkin with another piece of traditional Italian bread placed atop it. The bread basket was divine and each piece of bread paired nicely with the soft, spreadable butter, salty eggplant spread and the citrus-infused olive oil dip. As a matter of fact, the bread was so good that I asked the server for another basket and that was brought out--only to be devoured again! As for the entrees, the presentation was extremely beautiful for both dishes. The foie gras was plated on the plate with the marsala reduction drizzled beautifully over the top. The ravioli was plentiful and this surprised my bf since he was only expecting a handful of ravioli. My endive and beet salad was truly one of the most beautiful salads I've ever seen. The endives were sliced thinly and the bitter after taste of the endives paired quite nicely with the sweetness of the beets, apples and candied walnuts while the salty gorgonzola cheese bits added the necessary salty punch to the sweet and bitter. The ambience was romantic, dim and quiet. My bf and I really enjoyed dinner that night. The overall price may not be cheap but for the quality of the food, it was well justified. Bottom line: I would return for that breadbasket alone!
4	My family and I dined here in Nov and ordered an array of dishes. I forgot our waiter's name but he was a tall slender gentleman w. a beautiful smile. His service was very memorable. He was knowledgeable w. the menu and I ordered one of his recommendations;Creamy polenta: CREAMY and RICH!Sicilian-spiced duck breast with preserved orange, root vegetables and caramelized endive. I was pleasantly surprised. Duck & Foie gras ravioli- RICH RICH RICH and flavorful. Mediterranean Orata- Very light and flavorful. The fish skin was crispy and the meat was moist.The dinner was good but it was the desserts that made it great!The Strawberry Souffle and it was DELISH!! -I wish I could remember the name of the other desserts because they were all really out of this world too. The dinner was ok but hats off to the pastry chef and our fantastic waiter!
4	I loved this restaurant, we were a party of 5 and we each ordered something different: spaghetti with tomato & basil, polenta, fetuccini with lamb & rapini, filet mignon, and the lamb, it was all great and we all left very happy and satisfied.Although the entrees were great, I could not get enough of their fabulous bread (specifically the stuffed bread) which I used for my own scarpetta, my plate was wiped clean. I will definitely visit the location in LA where I live, can't wait to go back.
5	AMAZING PASTA.  My mom says it's not as good as Italy but it is pretty dang close, and that's good enough for me.PARKING: It's located in the Cosmo, third floor I believe at the corner near the restrooms, it's kind of small random entrance.  Free parking at all LV hotels and a quick walk from any of the hotels on the strip.ATMOSPHERE: Dark, with a great view of the Bellagio water fountains.  Ask for a window seat if you're with a group of 2, if you have a bigger group you can still get pretty close but not right up to the window.  There were actually a lot of big groups that we saw and they have several private rooms for big parties like birthdays or celebrations, which I thought was cool.FOOD: Had to get the spaghetti with tomato and basil.  It doesn't look like a lot in the pictures but when you  unravel the pasta, it's plenty for one person especially if you're going to be getting any appetizers or dessert.BREAD BASKET - They give you all kinds of bread, sourdough, focaccia, stromboli (i think thats what its called with salami and cheese) and for those allergic to dairy, the foccacia is dairy free!!CREAMY POLENTA - Sooo good, and I don't even like polenta!! It's creamy like mashed potatoes and so flavorful (prob a lot of butter) with the mushrooms it was perfect.TUNA 'SUSCI' - Also VERY good, and very fresh! A tun roll but the tuna was wrapped around the outside, I dont remember what was inside but it was tasty.  SPAGHETTI - So amazing.  They hand make it everyday and you can tell.  It was al dente and CHEWY, fresh!! And the sauce was delicious, light but flavorful and something that seemed so simple but blew me away.  Also for those allergic to dairy they can make it without butter and milk and my sister said it tasted just as good.  I tried a piece and it was good, but definitely not as flavorful as mine.  AMEDEI CHOCOLATE CAKE - Your basic rich, chocolate cake with a slight runny inside.  It was a great way to end the night but by the end of it I was  completely stuffed.Overall, a great place to try if you're looking for a fancy place in Vegas.  The pasta is like $26 and the atmosphere, although not the best I've ever had, is good and romantic for a date or a fancy dinner with the family.  Just make sure you get a good window seat!
4	Food is out of this world. Spanish squid and octopus, superb. Creamy polenta, incredible. The spaghetti was amazing! I have not had pasta this good. Worth every penny. Our view was amazing. Service was good and attentive. Our sever knew his stuff and his recommendations were spot on. Minus one star though for the snooty hostess who seemed annoyed that we came there to eat.
5	I have NEVER had a restaurant cater to my needs the way this one did. I'm vegan and  I was with a large group of people. When I told the waiter, he informed the chef, who, in turn, made these vegan dishes that were great.In addition, the people were very nice here.Love this place!!!
4	Scarpetta is good, really good.  We came here with a group of 4 dudes. In addition to the two usual characters, Mr. Booth and Mr. Bloewen, there was also Mr. Buxton.  While in Vegas for the weekend, we thought we would try out Scarpetta for our "fancy dancy meal".  Two of us ordered the famous Spaghetti, Mr, Buxton ordered the Foie Gras Ravioli, and Mr. Bloewen ordered the Linguini.  The Spaghetti had a lot of hype, but I can clearly say it was the best Spaghetti that I have ever had.  Was it worth ~$28?  Probably not.  The Foie Gras Ravioli, on the other hand, was something unique, and as Larry David would say, Prettay Prettay Prettay Prettay Good.  As Mr. Buxton was eating it, he just kept saying, "Wow. This is unreal."  He had to constantly put his fork down as he was enjoying the dish so much.I was also lucky enough to try the Linguini dish.  It was also very very good.  Great flavors and cooked to perfection.  The only problem was the Mr. Bloewen had a bit too much to drink prior to dinner, and was not able to finish the meal (basically committing a crime). The rest of us got too full to help him out, but it should be no knock to the dish.We also enjoyed a couple $16 dirty martinis (clearly overpriced), and had an overall great dinner.Why 4 stars and not 5, you ask?Well, I felt as though service was a bit snooty, and the spaghetti was good, but clearly overpriced.  I was not sure why our waiter was looking down at us, and not very friendly.  If it was not for that, Scarpetta would have clearly gotten 5 stars, as it did meet my high expectations.  Next time my wife and I want a nice night out, Scarpetta would be a good choice.
4	Good service. Thought the food was good but wasn't blown away by our meal. Had the ribeye cut. Didn't see many wine bottles below $170.
2	Is it just me or did I miss something? We had a late dinner, and since Raku was booked we opted to try here. It's romantic and intimate, but I left feeling disappointed. Braised Short Ribs of Beef - It was good, the short rib was braised well although a bit salty. I didn't really understand or like farro risotto. Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli - I like Foie, but I just wasn't a fan of this. The texture reminds me of cow brains. It is also very rich. Short Rib & Bone Marrow Agnolotti - This was OK, but nothing spectacular. It was also a bit rich, and the horseradish was a bit too much at times. Mediterranean Orata - The seared fish was good, but nothing too special. Fish was almost too slimy. After reading all these great reviews, I'm starting to feel like I missed something. I'm not sure if it's my palate or if the food is just overrated? Everything I tried was really rich in flavor, and I left both pastas half finished. Maybe I went in expecting too much? If anyone feels the same as, please let me know. I can't be the only person that feels this way right? Service was good, except the host looked like she wanted to go home badly.
5	I have been to the Beverly HIlls location prior to the Las Vegas location and both were spot on. We made reservations and got there 45 minutes early to be promptly seated at the best table in the house! We had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains. Our waiter was very helpful and had great suggestions. The bread basket is always a favorite of mine. I especially like the marscarpone cheese spread. YUMMY!! We shared the apple endive salad with beets also good. I had the spaghetti this time and prior i had the short rib agnolotti (super good). The ambience was top notch as was the service. I'll be visiting again.
5	Great view and the restaurant is very cool..I loved wagu beef tartare and Mediterranean branzino fish was perfect
5	What can I say...excellent food and service!  We were treated like royalty from start to finish!  We were a party of seven and fun but not an easy crowd!  They handled us with ease and professionalism.  We are locals and usually get excellent service because we are but they went above and beyond!Everything was hot and delicious!  From the lamb down to the lobster fettuccine!
5	I would rate this restaurant higher if I could. The service is on point and the food is exceptional. The filet is the best I have ever had. And the signature spaghetti is even better the next day! Probably my favorite restaurant, perfect dining experience.  Beware.. You will crave it weeks to come.
5	I STILL DREAM ABOUT THIS PLACE. My boyfriend and I came here one evening in October for dinner. It was probably the best meal I have had in Vegas. Thankfully he made a reservation before, so we got seated with no problems. We were seated close to the window that overlooked the Bellagio fountains. Such a pretty sight!For dinner, I got the Short Rib & Bone Marrow Agnolotti. It was heaven on earth! Such a fresh and flavorful dish. And it was perfectly portioned! I don't remember the names of any of the drinks, but they were delicious and had fresh fruit as well! The service wasn't the best, and the set-up seemed a bit cramped, but amazing food and ambiance! I'll hopefully be back when I am in Vegas again!
4	Had a wonderful meal here. The scallops appetizer was excellent thanks to the squash bed and accessory toppings. The Veal Loin was about as perfect as humanly possible. The Nutella Bombs were a nice sweet finish. All was helped by a polished professional waiter.
5	Amazing view. Flawless service. Scarpetta is one of those restaurants that will sweep you off your feet. The view that you get while dining here is just breathtaking. I could begin by talking about how delicious their appetizers and main courses are but I would rather talk about their desserts. OMG. Their desserts are to die for. Their strawberry souffle is out of this world. It was light and fluffy as souffles should be but not too sweet. Melts in your mouth the second it touches your tongue. Light and slightly sweet...thinking about brings me joy. The vanilla ice cream adds to how amazing devouring this warm delicious souffle was. We also had the coconut panacotta with guava...silky smooth and just so so good !!The Amaedi Chocolate Cake is what every chocolate lover craves when they think of dessert. Warm melted chocolate in every bite with ice cream on the side *-* Please prepare yourself and do not over eat during dinner. You do not want to skip dessert!!
5	I can not say more great things about Scarpetta.  The food and service are perfect.  Yes, its pricey but you get what you pay for!
4	As bad as DOCG was is as good as Scarpetta was. I learned my lesson....don't be cheap. It is worth the extra money to eat here for sure. I went here with a friend as our first meal on her first trip to Vegas. When you enter, the restaurant looks tiny... like a long hallway, and then when you get to the end it opens into a large restaurant with a big window overlooking the Bellagio fountains .... so cool. I was worried that I would need to order a lot to get full and spend a ton of money.... not the case. We both ended up ordering the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti and not only was it delicious but it was super filling. It was savory, had varying texture, and spiced perfectly... I loved every bite. That, in addition to their amazing bread basket (including 4 types of bread with some stuffed with cheese/meat/veg and 3 dips a whipped soft cheese spread, citrus olive oil, and eggplant), filled us up...awesome! We finished with the waiter recommended doughnut dessert.... I had one complaint about that dessert, either I missed it or they didn't tell us that one side of the plate was all nutella filled donuts and the other side was all vanilla... I thought the vanilla and nutella would be mixed...so when I was eating from one side and my friend was eating from the other side we were both confused where the other flavor was.... Anyway, the nutella donut with the banana gelato was awesome, the vanilla...not so much. That was a pretty minor problem. Our service was great and we each paid about 30$...not bad at all. Will be back for sure.
2	I took my wife here for her 40th Birthday and they knew we were coming and the reason. This was our first time here. We arrived minutes after 9PM.The restaurant was dimly lit. The atmosphere was LOUD. Nothing romantic about this setting at all. HOSTESSHer greeting was like listening to an answering machine. We had a 9:30 reservation (90 min before closing) and got sat in front of a pillar. I could not see the Bellagio fountains that seems to influence everybody's reviews. About 20 min later, 2 tables opened up that were right against the glass. In my reservation I let them know it was a special occasion. SERVERLike the hostess, it was like watching blue man group after 3 straight performances. Just going through the motions. We were not interested in cocktails or wine, but were focused on some great cuisine. The server did stop once to go over the menu, but all he did was say "these are the apps, these are the pastas, these are the main courses" etc. etc. They must get a lot of people who never viewed a menu before. We ordered the Misto fritto, Farmers salad, Fennel Black Cod, and wrapped Veal loin. (I did not take any pictures this time, I did not want my review to be a distraction of the occasion) FOODMy wife loved the complimentary bread which included dippers of olive oil, roasted eggplant and tomatoes, and truffle butter. The bread was varieties of an Italian Sourdough, foccacia, stromboli, and a vegetable stromboli. They automatically split our app & salad which I appreciated. MISTO FRITTOThe menu description was very vague, but I figured it had to be a spin off of fried calamari. Tempura battered squid, white anchovies, cauliflower, and the stems of chives. There were no anchovies in my plate, and happened to be my wife's first bite on her's which she did not like at all. I would not have known about the anchovies (which I love) if I did not finish her plate. The fry was perfect, and I really liked the seasoning which included rosemary. FARMERS SALADThe presentation was beautiful. Some of the vegetables (green & yellow squash) were almost shaved. It was a nice salad, but not much flavor. There were only 2 choices of salad on the menu and I chose this one. My wife ate only half of hers. VEAL LOINThere is a picture of this dish in the archives. 3 (2oz?) wrapped pieces of veal perfectly cooked. A few pieces of carrots and another vegetable. I tasted some sort of mustard on this dish with another sauce. The menu (again) was VERY vague. As I ate, I was wondering what the expense was in making this dish that carried a $38 price. BLACK CODPresentation was standard, Looked to be about a 5oz filet. My wife was half way through her dish without a sound. Knowing my wife, this means she did not want to disappoint me in saying she did not care for it. I tried a bite and thought it was weird for Cod to be so mushy. It was not pleasant at all. Maybe even undercooked. My wife at all the vegetables and there was half of the filet sitting alone on the plate when the busser took it away. Sad that no one noticed that half of what was supposed to be the hero of this dish was being tossed out like a used tissue. We passed on dessert because to me, dessert should be the perfect finish to a perfect meal which this whole experience was not. My wife liked the complimentary bread the best and I liked the Fritto Misto the best. There was some woman in a very loud group making noises that reminded me of farm animals in heat. It shouldn't be this way in a restaurant of this price point.   I asked for the check (1app, 1 salad, 2 entrees) $116.00 As we were getting up to leave, a person came by with a dish that said happy birthday and had 2 biscotti"s , a cookie, a salted chocolate thingy and a lit candle.Would have went better with a cappuccino but the check was already paid. This was a disappointing experience, even more so because I wanted it to be special for my wife's 40th. She liked the complimentary bread.....If I can say something positive and relative, I would recommend going to D.O.C G. instead. Same Chef, different menu. Been there 5 times and loved it.
5	Things that come to mind about Scarpetta Vegas- Flawless, immaculate, delicious and mind blowing.  Service was absolutely amazing- our waiter was extremely knowledgably about the food and wine selection and made the dining experience quite enjoyable.   Food was literally out of this world.  Fresh, beautifully cooked and flavorful pasta dishes, creative and inspirable appetizers and mouthwatering jaw dropping desserts.  I am not even going to go into details about which appetizers were the best and which entrees rocked my world because honestly no matter what you chose you will be happy you did.
5	The service was very attentive, the food was out of this world and don't get me started on the desserts.  They had this amazing caramel pudding, yes pudding, that I could not stop eating!The sommelier was pretentious but funny.  He has great recommendations once he was past the fact that, yes, we can afford what we just ordered.I love how once the appetizers were served, they split them among everyone at the table so it was easier to share.It really was a beautiful restaurant, romantic ambiance and fantastic food.
5	This review is for their Happy Hour only.We arrived on a weekday around 6pm and the bar was pretty crowded but we were able to find a spot at the bar. All the cocktails and small plates they offer at Happy Hour were only $7, which was a steal. The shortrib agnolotti was absolutely delicious. Based on this dish I really want to come in for dinner some time soon. Perfectly seasoned and the texture was heavenly.  The cocktails were great, too. Strong l, but not too strong and really great flavors. The bartender was really personable and we ended up having a really great Happy Hour. I'll be back soon for dinner.
5	Fabulous,  extremely personable service.  Every course was excellent,  from the creative cocktails through the luscious desserts.
5	Great service, great food. Our server went out of his way and asked the chef to prepare our meal as per our request. That was really nice of the chef. Food was amazing and there is not much to say. Great food great service.
5	I'm torn here between 4/5 stars because of the price is high for an Italian restaurant but I have to give it 5. First off the complimentary bread is served with Mascarpone butter (omg nice touch). Excellent tomato/basil spaghetti...the best I've ever had. Fresh oysters, tender duck, awesome view from our booth. The clincher was the service though. Our server took great care of us and gave us perfect wine pairings. Thumbs up Mr. Conant...
2	Love the hip and trendy atmosphere at Scarpetta but the spaghetti with tomato and basil was more than al dente and Scott Conant should be ashamed. That pasta was way toooo chewy and UNDERCOOKED!The bread basket with mascarpone butter alone is worth the 3 stars
5	Picture four girls who have been drinking all day downstairs at the Marquee Day Club, starved out of their minds. Not really the way I imagined myself dining for the first time at the famous Scarpetta, but hey, at least I was ready to eat.We crawled in in our flip flops and denim shorts right when the restaurant opened. The tables were already all booked (at 6pm!), but they have some nice booth seats by the bar. First off, the complimentary bread. My god. Warm and chewy, stuffed with sausage or spinach and cheese, with olive oil for dipping. We had to get a second round of this, it was so fantastic. We also shared four pastas:- spaghetti (with tomato and basil, that's it!)- duck & foie gras ravioli- pici (with lobster, tarragon, almond & chili pesto)- short rib & bone marrow agnolotti (the toasted breadcrumbs added such a fabulous texture and crunch!)All the dishes were phenomenal, but the spaghetti was by far my favorite. Typically spaghetti doesn't do it for me, but now that I know what it's supposed to taste like, I've changed my mind. So simple, yet so delicious. It was cooked perfectly al dente, and so rich and full of flavor I didn't even miss the creaminess (or cheesiness) of other pastas. A MUST-VISIT IF YOU'RE EVER IN VEGAS!
3	For the price I am not impressed with the service. I like to be honest in my reviews and I honestly feel that for the price we are paying for fine dining. We were seated and waited 15 minutes to get our menus. Food took forever to get :( Food finally came and was definitely a 4 out of 5 but I have to drop the rating due to the poor service.
5	I have been here a few times, and I cannot say anything more then flawless! THis place is amazing.  All the food is purely fresh, and the pasta is homemade which makes it even better.  The decor is beautiful, and their food is just amazing.  Sometimes you have to wait if you want to sit in the main room, with the views of las vegas blvd, but if you sit near the bar its a faster wait for a table.  Their pasta and food is just amazing.  I would go back again and again! It is a little pricey, but so is all of Vegas.
3	Very disappointed with this scarpetta :( the view is beautiful but the service is bad and the food was cold!
5	Excellent. It was a great way to start our Vegas trip. Arrived for a late dinner, seated in lounge (still nice). Server very helpful with excellent recommendations. Primi piatti octopus was so good. Scallops very good as well. Artic char cooked perfectly. Husband had the stracci and was the most perfect pasta dish. Was pleasantly pleased with this find.
2	Was so excited to eat here. huge foodie and could not be more excited to eat here. dined at docg 2 times before and loved that restaurant, so was hoping would love scarpetta as well. food did not disappoint at all. foie gras and duck ravioli like every one before said was amazing! was completely skeptical about this polenta dish as an app, but I'm sorry for ever doubting this app. it was so creamy and the mushrooms added so much to the dish only the chef would have thought of this. short rib agnolotti with horseradish holy moly. i LOVE horse radish and this was so amazing. brussel sprouts with pork belly were to die for. ppl who cook brussel sprouts correctly are 5 stars in my eyes.  the reason i gave 2 stars is the service. i almost gave 3 stars but the service really upset me. no spiel of the menu, server was an order taker and not a server. when greeted our table he said "welcome amigos" my girlfriend was at the table with my brother, are you kidding me? he had his hands on our 4th empty chair and that is so unprofessional. every server should have his or her own style however, "amigo" should not be in any style and laid back with leaning on a chair should not be either. never gave us suggestions, did not check back on courses, huge lack of service when check should have been presented, etc. he did not mark courses with proper silverware until after food was dropped. only positive note about service was the food runners. 2 thumbs up to the food runners, spieled the food, gave us smiles, friendly!!! check was dropped as if it was a step of service, not real thank you from server, i still tipped 20+ % but was NOT happy to do so. I'm not expecting to be treated like a king but when paying nearly top dollar and excited to dine in this restaurant i was really disappointed. will not be going back to this restaurant 100% due to lack of great hospitality. as stated before 2 thumbs up to the chefs and BOH staff and runners, but to my server, you should probably realize its just not just a paycheck you are collecting, if you want repeat guests you should probably try to provide good service. so disappointed, wish i was more happy...
5	Great restaurant!! Everything I've eaten here has been delicious. I've been here a few times and have had pasta, steak, Kobe rib cap steak everything has been awesome. I die for their creamy polenta and their Stromboli bread. Every time I come to the Cosmo I have to eat here!
4	Very good food and service.  Wine selection is extensive but could use more quality selection in lower price range.  It seemed like most bottles on the list were over 100 bucks
4	Food is good... portions are medium to small.  I went with 5 other girls and we had an amazing time.  Service was good, better than average... not great.One of my friends had a meal that was undercooked but they were gracious and took it back.  We really liked the view of the bellagio fountains but not every table has a great view.  Its worth a try, but I won't be a regular here and it probably won't be a place that I suggest to go to.  The food is decent and good, but I've been so many other great restaurants with excellent food at a lower price point.Overall, good food but overpriced.
3	3 1/2 stars?  Dined with a group of 8 last night.  The atmosphere is cool and chic.  We enjoyed the breads and spreads.  The menu changes seasonally so any online searches may get you different or incorrect results.  The oysters to start were delicious and we shared bites of the braised short ribs of beef.  I had the stracci which is lobster, king crab, and shrimp over thin pasta.  It was good but a lot of pasta to eat.  I had the side of honey glazed carrots with roasted Sicilian pistachios which was very good.  Shared a bite of the brussel sprouts, but  not a fan so can't judge.The cocktails and wine are extremely over-priced.  Markups on some bottles of wine were at least 300% and up.  I recommend a glass of your favorite to accentuate your email but this is no place to get your drink on.  Save your drinking $$ for after dinner out on the town.The staff is very friendly and helpful.  Took care of us promptly and with enthusiasm.Not sure I would return. There are many restaurants still to explore in Vegas, don't limit yourself!
5	We went here for dinner and our table had a nice view of the Bellagio Fountain. It's beautiful here. Our server was fantastic. He knew I was trying to save room for dessert. We were given a bread basket that included stromboli. Yum!Creamy Polenta:This had mushrooms and truffle oil. The consistency, aroma and taste were superb. I can finish a bowl of this and still want more. 5/5Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli:The pasta is shaped like a duck's tongue. It has balsamic reduction on top. If you like foie gras, you'd enjoy this. 4.5/5Short Rib and Bone Marrow Agnolotti:This and the spaghetti are my favorites on their menu. It's meaty, rich and tasty. It has crunchy bread crumbs so you get that texture. 5/5Spaghetti:Spaghetti should be real simple. Noodles, olive oil, fresh tomatoes, basil and cheese. Anything extra is plain overdoing it. Cooked perfectly al dente. I get an extra order to-go for lunch the next day - the noodles get softer but soaks up all the flavor. 5/5Nutella and Vanilla Bomboloni:Italian doughnuts filled with either Nutella or vanilla. Comes with a side of banana gelato. The filling is a little thick - it's not just straight up Nutella. Amadei Chocolate Cake:Dense chocolate cake with a side of salted caramel gelato. 4/5Proseco, delicious food, good company and a spectacular view...life is beautiful!
5	We hosted our wedding reception dinner here after we got married in the Wedding Suite on the 36th floor. We had a four course meal with the scallops, braised short ribs, yellowtail, foie gras ravioli, spaghetti, Mediterranean Orata, black cod, NY steak, and a bunch of desserts. Our custom wedding cake with vanilla and chocolate marble cake with peanut buttercream was the most amazing cake I have ever had in my life (our guests said the same thing). It was well worth the price, as our guests kept raving about the food and how it was the best meal they ever had. We look forward to returning on our one-year anniversary!
3	We live in Las Vegas, and eat on the strip at least once a week.  We love all the Cosmo restaurants, and decided to try Scarpetta, as we had out of town guests, and we had been wanting to try.  We knew we would not be disappointed - boy were we wrong!   I really was on the edge on how to rate this restaurant, 2 or 3 stars, as the while the food was good, the service was awful.  The server was very friendly, however, and this is why I opted for 3.First the positive.  The food was excellent.  All 6 of us in the party loved our food.  The desserts also were fabulous.   No complaint at all there.The problem was the service.  The server was very friendly, but too many issues.  First, we got our cocktails, and after a few minutes, he took our order.  We did not order first courses, however our order was out virtually instantly.  We hadn't even half finished our drinks.  We had planned to order a couple of bottles of wine with dinner, however we never got the chance, and more importantly, our server never asked.Worse yet, he came by a bit after we got our food,and while walking asked if everything was okay.  We said that it was, and before we could even asked for more drinks, he was gone.  2 of the 6 drinks at the table were totally empty, and he never asked, and still worse, he NEVER CAME BACK.  Our drinks sat empty for 75% of the dinner, and even when he ordered dessert, he did not ask if we wanted coffee or anything else to drink!!!!  It was almost unbelievable.It's not like he was that busy, as I had a clear view of the waiter station, and he spent quite a bit of time just standing there, watching the dining room.  Obviously not our table, however.Unless I start to hear some very positive reviews from friends, we will not be back.
4	I loved this place. It has a very sleek and modern feel.  If you can sit by the window with a  view of the Bellagio fountains, it's an added bonus.  The market salad was amazing and unlike anything I've ever had before. The house made tomato, basil and mozzarella past was also amazing.  Honestly, the real star may have actually been the bread basket though. There were four kinds, and they were all delicious.  We also had the veal, but compared to the other things we ordered, it was the least exciting part of the meal.
5	The host seated our party so we got the full view of the bellagio fountains. The foie gras ravioli was my favorite. The flavor was rich with the right amount of sauce. I wished the portion was bigger. Wished California didn't ban foie gras as well.The duck was good as well. Crispy skin and super soft on the inside
3	Really was looking forward to this dinner. We had an excellent table and the service was amazing. Great wine list!!  Unfortunately the food was very mixed.  The ravioli got rave reviews, but the spaghetti (which was highly recommended by the waiter) was bland and tasteless. Will give this another shot....but wouldn't be my first choice.
4	Came here when visiting the Cosmopolitan and we were not disappointed. There were four of us and we all shared our entrees and desserts.Dishes:Fois Gras and Duck pasta- ok but nothing specialShort Rib Pasta- good but again, nothing specialSpaghetti with tomato and basil- AMAZING, truly a signature dish, I wish I could have had 3 of these!Octopus app- tasty but I've had better (mainly B&B also in Vegas)Desserts:Panna Cotta- I don't even love Coconut but this was AWESOME! fresh fruit yumStrawberry shortcake- deconstructed and so so very delicious Nutella & Vanilla Bomboloni - AWESOME, highly recommendedThe Spaghetti and desserts were the highlight of our meal. For Vegas, it wasn't a terribly expensive meal so we would go back for sure!
5	Came here with my wife for a getaway from LA.Food 5/5Ambiance 5/5Service 5/5My friends and family thought its weird that I like this particular restaurant so much, but I really do!There is nothing like overlooking the fountains of Bellagio and having a romantic meal with the woman I love. Made me feel like a millionaire (although I'm not ... yet).Will definitely be back!
2	My wife, friends and I decided to try Scarpetta for the first time. We were expecting a 5 star experience.  Bottom line: We were DISAPPOINTED.We arrived early and I approached the Hostess area to let them know the 5 of us would have a drink at the bar prior to dinning. I did request a specific type of booth that would accommodate the us facing the Bellagio. She barely spoke to me and had an attitude as if we were lucky to dine in her establishment. She did accommodate us but her attitude had us very DISAPPOINTED. The wine list is extensive and has some great varieties. We ordered a bottle for the 5 of us. I noticed other patrons had some special chips at the other end of the bar. None for us? Not from the bartender. After waiting 10-15 minutes I had to walk over to the other side of the bar and get them myself. I then (Jokingly) told the bartender how good the chips were and he said, "Yes-aren't they!" Very DISAPPOINTED.The dinning room is beautiful and we had a wonderful server, Titus. He was knowledgeable and professional. He was a bright spot during the evening. Our group had the endive & apple salad and braised short ribs for starters. They were very good and we highly recommend both.For our mains we had the spaghetti with tomato and basil (somewhat DISAPPOINTED) halibut (wonderful) and the rib eye (very DISAPPOINTED). Our friend ordered the rib eye medium and it came out very rare. He returned it for more fire and it came our perfectly. The problem was that we ate our mains without him and he then consumed his as we watched him. Very DISAPPOINTED.I ordered the chocolate souffle for dessert. It tasted very ordinary and seemed as though it may have been frozen.  I know you can't compare any souffle to Eiffel Tower Restaurant but I'm surprised they served a tasteless dessert here. Very DISAPPOINTED.There are so many fantastic restaurants in Vegas. There were some bright spots but we will not return. We were DISAPPOINTED.
5	Had our tiny rehearsal dinner here in the private room with a lovely view of the Bellagio fountains. Everyone I interacted with prior to dining and throughout our actual dinner was extremely kind and accomodating. Our menu was selected in advance and consisted of 4 spectacular courses all served family style except for the entrees: small shared plates (scallops, shortribs, apple endive blue cheese salad), 3 pastas (short rib bone marrow agnolotti, and another raviloi I forgot about bc I was drooling over the agnolotti), entrees (organic chicken, black cod, or ny strip steak) and dessert was these nutella filled doughnut holes rolled in sugar w/ a side of banana gelato, chocolate cake and cheesecake. Everything was delicious but if I had to pick one of each it'd be the short rib appetizer, the short rib bone marrow agnolotti, the chicken and the nutella balls. Go here if you have the opportunity!!
5	One of the best meals, I've ever had. Service was awesome. Food was amazing.
4	I tried the Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli which had a very rich taste. Service was not up to par. When the manager stepped in to serve our table it was phenomenal!
5	My number one, oh wow, surprisingly fantastic meal of my most recent Vegas trip. I say suprisingly because we came here on a whim after the group decided we wanted Italian for dinner. Based on the yelp reviews, and the fact that they are in the posh Cosmo, we were able to make a last minute reservations.     The uber contemporary interior was very inviting while giving some great views of the strip and the bellagio fountains. The star of this dinner was by far the spaghetti. The absolute best cooked pasta I have ever had.  The best. House made pasta cooked to a perfect al dente. It actually had that slight "crunch" a perfect pasta should have, but raaaaarely does. All the other pastas were fantastic as well.  Scarpetta is a perfect combination of style and execution. I would say a must try.
5	Amazing.Fantastic service, food, and ambiance.Can't wait to return.
5	Wife and I decided to try this establishment during our trip to Vegas, first weekend of April.  All I can say is from top to bottom, fantastic.  The ambiance, the service, the food all top rate.  The greeter/hostess at the door wasn't overly warm but I can get over that usually if the food and ambiance is good.  We could only get a 6 pm seating on a Thursday (and I booked a week ahead) so I thought that was a good sign.  When we got there it was EMPTY.  We got a great seat by the window.   It started to fill up during our seating.  We got a fantastic basket of breads and spreads almost right away.  The best bread I have ever had in a restaurant bar none.  I could go either way on bread before a meal, but this was outstanding.  My wife got the Tagliatelle which was light, yet filling enough for her to be full enough so I could play clean up at the end.  It was fantastic.  I had the duck and foie gras ravioli.  WOW.  Had a wonderful balsamic like reduction on.  They don't wow you with portion sizes, but I did not think one "boy am I getting ripped off here."  Honestly the last thing I like doing is wasting food and in Vegas I don't want to be walking around with a to go box after a meal.  I'd say it was perfect portion sizes for the dollar.  The service was superb.  Almost too good.   We were in and out in an hour which was a little disappointing because we had a great seat in the place.  But that is the business.  Turn over.  I will say we didn't linger either as it was our first night in las vegas.  Definitely Recommended for people who want more from their pasta than the Olive Garden has to offer.
5	Late review from dinner in Feb.  Great ambiance and view of the Bellagio fountains.   Order the duck foie gras ravioli or short rib bone marrow agnolotti.   Favors are incredible!   Even the bread basket is amazing.   Pricey but definitely worth it.   Cosmopolitan has a great selection of restaurants.
5	Fine dining at it's finest!Came here a Saturday night during my last trip to Vegas for a bachelorette party (apparently we weren't the only ones) and we were seated right in the middle on a long table which was nice for a party of 7 girls. Our waiter and busers were on point and our waiter was really nice and always conversated with us and made our experience fab!Let's talk about that bread basket...how crazy is it that they actually have salami in one of the breads. They also have sourdough and herb focaccia  . They have butter, olive oil and this roasted tomato eggplant as a spread to go with the variety of bread they give. I liked the herb focaccia bread the best with the butter...it was toasted and soft in a small square (good for portion size). For my meal I got the black cod with tomato's and fennel because I love butterfish and I only eat seafood and I love vegetables...although I was debating on getting this or the halibut, I'm glad I went with this because it was so divine! I wish the portion was bigger but it's one of those restaurants where it's quality over quantity. We ordered 2 whites and 1 bottle of reds that night, and because my stomach was not having it, I only drank a glass of the 1st bottle. Some of the girls ordered the lobster, scallop appetizers, split pea soup, foi Gras ravioli and steak and everyone said everything they ordered was great. For desserts we got the hazelnut mini donuts, strawberry cheesecake/shortcake in a cup dessert over a bed of crystallized sugar...I didn't get to try any of them but everything was all gone so it must've been delicious. Overall the ambiance is beautiful, food is amazing/drinks and bread, awesome service and fine dining at it's finest. The portions are a little small and the price is a little pricey but worth it especially when it's a special occasion like a birthday, anniversary, valentines day, mothers day or bachelorette dinner =)
3	My girlfriends brought me here for my bachelorette dinner. Our server Titus was awesome and they had a pretty decent wine list.The food fell a little flat for me. The complimentary bread basket was phenomenal. My favorite was the focaccia with prosciutto.  Bread came with three different spreads: whipped butter mascarpone, eggplant caponata and a lemon infused olive oil.  Thy were all delicious but I especially enjoyed the eggplant caponata.I ordered the Wagyu beef tartare as my appetizer. The beef wasn't as red as I would've liked it to be. It looked brown but I couldn't tell if it was from the bad lighting of the restaurant. The dish had no flavor and I basically had to force myself to eat it.I ordered the duck and foie gras ravioli with a marsala reduction for my entree. I like that they make their own fresh pasta but the dish lacked the debt of flavor you'd expect from the components of this dish. It was like waiting for a climax that never came.My friend really enjoyed her pea soup but the other girls didn't really rave about their dishes. The desserts (I forgot which ones we ordered) were great! We all definitely enjoyed that. The restaurant's decor is okay. It's somewhere between modern and classic. The lighting is really bad... Or good if you like it on the darker side. I like being able to see my food when I eat.
5	Great fine dining! Love the atmosphere! Was here was my husband and did a full tasting with wine pairing and to my surprise portions by the time you hit the 4th course it was definitely filling! Had a romantic table overlooking the Bellagio so it was really nice! It's pricey but well worth it!Came back again with just my 8 year old daughter for mommy and me getaway and my little one has a fine palette! The best thing still is their spaghetti!Service is always good but regardless you repaying to be a a fine dining place and atmosphere. We also stayed at the Cosmo and ll their rest is to only convenient but all delicious!
4	4 thumbs up!   What a great place to have a romantic dinner!    The wait staff was very knowledgeable regarding all the items on the menu.  Portions are a bit small, so I suggest ordering a few items for each course and sharing.  The octopus app is a good starter, all the pastas were made fresh in house and tasted amazing!
4	Nothing like fresh pasta made in house! Came here with girlfriends and had top notch service. We all chose a buddy and split our apps/entrees, and Scarpetta was nice enough to halve our plates for us! Definitely recommend the truffled foie gras ravioli! The wine list was beautiful but appallingly marked up (300%). So we brought our own vino! ($35 corkage fee)
5	Simply Amazing.There is a very tough choice when dining at the Cosmo because they have amazing offerings.  Scarpetta is one of those choices that I believe is a must.The ambiance is very nice, and if you get there at a good time, you can request a table by the window overlooking the Bellagio fountains for some dinner entertainment.There were 7 of us in my party, so I got to try quite a few things.  Service was on par with any high end restaurant which is good.Bread - They give you four variations of bread, all good.  The standout is the Stromboli.  The bread comes with three dips which are Eggplant, Olive Oil with Lime and Marscapone Butter.  The eggplant dip was amazing.Steak Tartar - This dish was fabulous and is my main recommendation for appetizer.  It is perfectly seasoned and finished off with a tiny quail egg on top. The toast points are also seasoned, buttered and toasted to add that buttery nutty flavor to the bite.Fried Lemon Grass and Char - This dish was unique.  It was little strands tempura-like fried bits of lemon grass and fish mixed together.  I said Char because I believe that is what it was, but I cannot be for certain.  It was very simple and very good but I could take it or leave it for the price.Scallops - Careful with this dish as you only get two.  I understand they are a luxury type item but for 21$ or how much ever it was, two scallops did not go a long way.  They were your average good scallop.Foie Gras & Duck Ravioli - The star of the night.  This dish was simply perfect.  From flavor balance, quantity of food, to execution...it was a hit.  If you come here and don't at least try it, you are missing out.Filet - The filet was cook medium rare (which is the way I like it) and was very soft as it should be.  That being said, it was a filet.  A normal good filet that you can get from any great steakhouse.  The star of that dish was actually the accompanying potatoes.  Mashed with garlic, sauteed spinach, sun dried tomatoes and a cheese that I could not recognize.Chicken - OK yes, someone ordered chicken.   The one dish everyone always passes over at restaurants because...well, its chicken.  That being said, I was given about a fourth of the chicken because they were full and I must admit.  It was tasty as hell.  The skin is cooked on it to make it very crispy with seasonings that go a long way.  The bird itself was moist so that you had to use hardly any effort for it to shred apart in your mouth.  If I ever ordered chicken in a restaurant, this would be the one.  Its also a HUGE portion in terms of high end restaurant portions.I would go back here in a heart beat.
5	View is amazing, service top notch, food is innovative and fresh. Pasta is to die for! Must try this location for a nice view of Bellagio and for spaghetti!
4	Best polenta e-v-e-r. Most of the rest of the food was much too salty.
2	I am a fan of Scott Conant from Chopped fame but I have to say the Las Vegas outpost of his iconic NYC restaurant just did not live up to the hype.  I went with a group of guys and we ordered the tasting menu.  They were nice enough to allow us to order it on a Friday night since it is usually not offered on that night of the week.  We tasted 8 dishes for $110 pp.  The quantity of food was great - really full at the end of the meal - but most of the dishes were just ok.The real highlight for me was the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms.  Wow, that was delicious.  Probably the creamiest polenta I've ever had and it paired so nicely with the earthiness of the truffles and mushrooms.   The chocolate cake served for the dessert course was also terrific, served with toasted almond gelato.  Too bad I was so full by that time I could only have a couple of bites.  Nothing else was particularly memorable.  Disappointing for me was the restaurant's signature spaghetti - a seemingly simple preparation of pasta, fresh tomatoes and basil.  It arrived very simply plated -  a perfect cylinder mold of spaghetti covered by a clear plastic cloche that I suppose is meant to preserve the freshness of the preparation or perhaps to concentrate the aroma.  The cloches are removed with a flourish releasing nice smells of tomato and basil.  The pasta was a bit overcooked and the sauce, while wonderfully creamy (how do they do that?) was just too sweet, as if Chef Conant and Chef Boyardee had a bastard love-child.Another disappointment was the black cod.  In the past I have found this fish to be among the most delicious owing to its high fat content and buttery texture and flavor.  Scarpetta's rendition of this fish, pan-roasted with concentrated tomatoes and roasted fennel, was so overcooked that it was unrecognizable as black cod.  Just a piece of fish.Other dishes were a bit more successful including the raw preparation of yellowtail and tuna, the diver scallops, the short rib/bone marrow agnolotti and the duck breast.The wine list is voluminous and expensive.  The cocktail menu offers some nice selections.There is certainly a lot of eye candy to be enjoyed at this swank place in the Cosmo.  However, one annoying thing was the lighting.  Over every table there is a large fixture containing multiple yellow/gold colored lights.  This lighting casts the food in a weird color and makes taking pictures of the food impossible.  All the food looks bad in the pictures I took - I suppose that's no surprise that the pictures were a disappointment too.
5	File Under: A must if you are looking for AMAZING Italian in the center of the strip with a view-spaghetti simple yet spectacular with hand made noodles-polenta w truffles n mushrooms creamy and delicious order this!-farmers market salad fresh crisp organic thinly sliced deliciousness -Fillet of beef was like butta!-top notch drinks with cool corridor bar as you enter-Friendly staff Do It!
5	As others have said- AMAZING!Have been numerous times and never had a bad meal or experience.  Service and food are top notch.  Scott Conant runs a tight ship- he's my favorite Chopped judge.Highlights include the spaghetti (yes, it's pricey but worth it imho) and the agnolotti with truffles (doesn't seem to be on the menu at the moment).  On my last visit, I had a special tarragon pasta dish that was out of this world.  The stromboli bread from the bread basket is pretty fantastic too.  Have not been to the other outposts so can't compare consistency.
1	Made a reservation three weeks before dining here and requested a table with a view of the Bellagio fountain.  We came 15 minutes early and we're seated away from the window.   I noticed an open table next to the window and requested to be moved there.  The hostess informed us that the table was not ready and that it was already reserved.   Really?  Sure... Bad start to the evening. ..
4	We had a very nice meal at Scarpetta - a table at the window with a view of Bellagio. Service was attentive, but not overly so. I had the scallop appetizer as my dinner and hubby had a great pasta dish. Very tasty. This is our second time to Scarpetta in the last few years and we enjoyed both times.
5	One of the most authentic Italian restaurants in the states.  Not a fan of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, but Scarpetta e veramente delizioso.
5	This was a solid 5 star meal for me and my two friends this past weekend. Firstly, our server was amazing. I'm a bit of a pain and he was patient and helpful and very professional. He had great advice, and was very understanding of my gluten allergy (and I was thrilled that they had a separate gluten free menu). Every dish ordered was an 'oh wow you gotta taste this" moment. My friends said the stromboli bread basket with the choice of marscapone butter, lemon olive oil and eggplant caponata kicked off the night. Other standouts included the short rib agnolotti, polenta with mushroom ragout and the chocolate cake with almond gelato and salted caramel. Even the music was great. I had been hating being in Vegas- the riff-raff, over-designed spaces,  overpriced fussy but mediocre food, but this restaurant redeemed the trip. Note to the management- if you already have a gluten free menu why not put it on the website with the other menus?? I wish we had known about this place earlier.
4	The boys and I had a very good, relaxing meal here last Friday night.  Very nice restaurant in Cosmo restaurant row. Place is classy but not the least bit stuffy. Like everyone mentions, the bread selection is great. Mini Stromboli's w/ sides of marscapone, tomato/garlic...really good. Went through several of the pasta dishes for the table to begin. Duck and Foi Gras Ravioli, Risotto w/ short rib and Short Rib and bone marrow angolotti all good to excellent. Nothing better than home made pasta. Polenta w/ truffled mushrooms might have been even better that the pasta dishes...must try! I had the Veal Loin and Pork Belly. The loin was a bit dry, but flavorful..the Pork Belly was spectacular.  Friends had steak and halibut, all were very happy. Wine list is amazing..tons of Italian wines...pricey! Found a good bottle for around $100.  Overall, pretty reasonably priced meal for Vegas.  Good stuff Scott!
5	This was our fancy splurge celebration dinner while we were in Vegas. I tried to make reservations for 10 online through their website, but I was told that there were no reservations available within 2.5 hours of our reservation time (830pm on a Sunday) for 8 weeks. I called instead, and they were able to accommodate us. When we got there, we had to wait for a little while for them to get our table together, but the cocktail menu was beautiful. I indulged in the Gallardo, Hendrick's apple, lime, and basil. It was fresh and clean, really light and flavorful. It also came with a basil leaf floating in it, and was gorgeous. When they seated us, they'd given us a private dining room for our large group, and we had an amazing server who was knowledgeable, friendly, and willing to make suggestions. The meal started with fresh baked rosemary bread served with a trip of condiments. There was soft, whipped marscapone butter, a rich eggplant tapenade, and simple quality olive oil. I order the spring pea soup with dungeness crab, almonds, and pea tendrils as a starter. It was so delicate, fresh, and really lovely. It tasted like spring. The crunch and nutty flavor from the almonds and the sweet meaty taste of the shredded crab was such a nice balance of the pea flavor. It was spring green, and melted in my mouth. I'm not even a huge fan of peas, but this is such a good example of how fresh, high-quality ingredients can elevate something simple to culinary art. For dinner, I had the Pici with lobster that the server suggested. This is the best pasta I've ever eaten. And I've eaten a lot of pasta. It's house made and fresh, and this is how al dente is supposed to be. It's firm and chewy, but still delicate and flavorful. It was made with tarragon, so it was green and herby. The pesto was made of almonds and chili, so it had a little spice to it. I could've handled more spice, though. There was almost no heat, but it's OK because the other flavors were so perfect. This is also the best cooked lobster I've ever had. I'm used to lobster in butter, or pieces so small thrown into dishes to give them an upscale feel, but these were beautiful, pink large pieces of lobster. They still benefited from the fat in the olive oil pesto, and it brought out lobster flavors I hadn't tasted before. They were tender and meaty, and balanced well with the pasta and pesto. It was simply one of the best pasta meals I've ever had in my life.One of the house specialties is spaghetti with tomato and basil. Sounds easy, right? Once again, one of the best pasta dishes I've ever had in my life. The ingredients and technique are so high-quality that they elevate even the simplest meals into a once-in-a-lifetime experience. The filet was tender and flavorful, although my companion felt is was little more medium-well than the medium he ordered. The potato puree it rested on absorbed the steak juices and every bite tasted luxurious. The honey glazed carrots with toasted pistachios were roasted to perfection. They were soft, but not limp or mushy, and the pistachios added a pleasant nutty crunch. They were sweet, but not cloying, and well balanced. Again, I'm not a huge carrot fan, but these made me a believer. My one 21st-century complaint is the lights are so low, I wasn't able to get great pictures, but really, that's probably a plus. It was intimate and romantic. Indulge at Scarpetta and you won't regret it. Take your time and savor the flavors at this masterful restaurant. There's a lot of work and knowledge going into these meals, and if you're privileged enough to eat here, relish every bite.
5	Enjoy the place and dine here often when in Vegas.  Great service, food and atmosphere.
5	My great friend was moving the Australia so I decided to take her to a nice dinner as her 'going away gift'. I figured it was more practical than something she would have to pack, lol. We both order some drinks, which were quite strong; I was pleased! We decided to split the endive and apple salad. It was so flavorful and the heirloom beets melted in my mouth. It was the perfect size as I was looking forward to my main course: truffle ravioli (I do not recall the real name of the dish!).  I love truffles and it was like eating something little angels made. I was so happy! We were too full for dessert but the waiter still brought us some petits fours (complements of the chef). The food was simply amazing, every bite was so delectable! We also had a view of the Bellagio fountains show and that was very beautiful!I cannot wait to frequent Scarpetta again (:
4	Not going to lie... I was thinking "5 stars?" But no, not quite. Close! To me, even thinking that is high praise. I nearly never seek Italian cuisine but when I do... I'm glad places like Scarpetta are out there.Nice, nice place. I wouldn't expect any less in the Cosmo - the pinnacle of modern design in Vegas. It's dimly lit all over. The glass on the side of the restaurant conveniently overlooks the Bellagio fountains. Smart. Oddly, though, the bathrooms are for one person, and they were kind of a mess. Service was prompt and knowledgeable. Now, onto the important bits.- The bread bowl. Yeah. I'm starting at the bread bowl. One slice of a standard Italian bread. Two pieces of a harder Italian style bread. Three slices of almost pastry-like bread with Italian meats inside. Delicious! All of this served with butter, olive oil infused with basil, and an eggplant sort of salad.- Creamy polenta. You must get this. I bet it's half heavy cream and cheese but I don't care. It was possibly the highlight of the entire meal. The mushrooms that came with this polenta were added to the bowl upon serving. Nice touch.- Spaghetti. My first thought on this was, "I make nearly exactly the same thing at home." I don't mean this in a bad way. I make delicious spaghetti. It was served al dente with a simple but very delicious sauce made of olive oil, tomato, basil, and garlic. That's it! So simple yet so effective. The whole thing is balled up nice and pretty on your plate.- Stracci. Lobster, king crab, shrimp, and basil breadcrumbs over large flat pasta. I think this sounded better than it was executed. Beautiful dish, but it had no character. The seafood was fine and all but it wasn't done any favors by the less-than-flavorful sauce that should have tied the pasta together with it. This can be skipped.- Chocolate souffle. The chocolate sauce is served on the side, warm, and ready to be poured into the souffle. On the side of the souffle is gelato and a long line of cookie crumbs, chocolate, and hazelnuts. It's like a line of broken up Rochers. I think I liked that part more than the souffle itself! Especially considering I did not like the spiced chocolate sauce at all. It tasted like it had five spice in it. Get it and you'll know what I mean.Yeah, this was a pretty great experience. If the Stracci and souffle were better, this would be a guaranteed 5-star spot. I loved it.
5	5 star! We were in Vegas celebrating a bachelorette party this past weekend and I made reservations for Scarpetta at Cosmo.  It is one of my favorite places in LA and I figured I couldn't go wrong at their Las Vegas location.  They exceeded expectations.  I made reservations for 7 on opentable and due to a very long taxi line at our hotel we were running a bit late, I called them and they were kind to let me know that they would seat us when we arrive and not to worry.  Dinner was remarkable per usual as was the excellent service.  They were aware of our celebration and the staff made sure to congratulate our bride personally and with a desert! The waiter and his crew were extremely friendly and before we knew it 2 hrs had passed us by and we left happy and very full. I cant wait to go back!What we ordered:Farmer's Market SaladCrispy Fritto Misto Creamy Polenta - AMAZINGRoasted Diver ScallopsBraised Short Ribs of BeefSpaghetti - 4 out of 7 of us ordered this dish and all of us finished the entire bowlFettuccine  - If youre going to order the pasta dont be foolish order SPAGHETTIPrime Filet of Beef - amazing!The drinks were also delicious! The lemon drop martini and shots especially.
5	Really hope this gets to someone who will go there plus the people who work there.For at least the last 12 years it has been my job to plan a double anniversary dinner for 4 and the last few years 3 couples. What Scarpetta did for us was to place us in a private room overlooking the fountains of the Bellagio. But they also bought into my plan which was to have 6 Apple Martini's placed for each person plus a dozen red roses in the middle of the Table. I think it was Mark the manager who timed everything and it went off on a par equal to the fountains(At least for our group). So wish I could say more or thank more but service rules and complete satisfaction is the end result.
4	My wife and I dined here and really enjoyed the experience.  While we weren't seated near the window, we could still see the fountain and a lot of the view of the strip. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the food was delicious.  I highly recommend the foie gras ravioli, and any of the house made pasta for that matter.  One recommendation would be to make reservations as early as possible as the restaurant appears to be very popular and is relatively small.
5	Superb service, great food. There are so many choices in Las Vegas it can be overwhelming. We wanted to try Scott Conant's Scarpetta because we had heard it was very good. We made reservations and arrived on time. They were just opening and we sat at the bar and had a drink. The bar is gorgeous and the bartender was very friendly. After we were seated and ordered drinks they brought us a really nice bread tray. I recommend the salami and cheese bread as the best of the bunch but everything in there was superb. The marscapone butter was a nice touch. I ordered the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms for an app. Super dish, and creamy really does describe it. I could make a meal out of it. For my main course I had the short rib and bone marrow agnolotti which are like mini ravioli's. It was very rich and savory. The bread crumb crust on top was crispy and added some texture. Don't let the term bone marrow scare you it merely adds a depth of flavor. For dessert my wife had the flourless chocolate cake with homemade gelato. There was nothing wrong with my coconut panna cotta, a custard like dessert but after tasting her cake i wish I has ordered that as well. All in all a great meal at a reasonable price. I would definitely go there again on our next rip to LV.
5	Oh my WOW. So very good. We came here with friends that have been to Scott's restaurants in New York and LA and loved them both. And our food was amazing! First off the bread they give is amazing. You get various traditional Italian breads including stromboli. The olive oil butter was fantastic with it. We then got the endive and apple salad and polenta. The salad was fresh and delicious but the polenta was heaven!! Even the mushrooms (I only tried the juice from them) was great. I could eat that polenta everyday. As for dinner, we tried various things but most of us tried the spaghetti. It was funny because my friends recommended it and I almost laughed with them recommending the most basic dish on the amazing menu but I listen. Glad I did- I now have dreams about the spaghetti. I actually asked to go back the next day and get it again but we didn't have time. I have now scoured the internet to get the recipe. Very very highly recommended. We also tried the Pici and Agnolotti. Both were to die for. The agnolotti was actually a huge hit at our table. It is heavy and rich but just melts in your mouth. This place was great and the service was very good. Honestly not a bad thing to say about it. I live in So. Cal and am planning a trip to go back to his LA restaurant as soon as I can.
5	Atmosphere: So hip. Great lighting. Dishes: -Oysters (Appetizer): Classic. Good. Perfect start. -Braised Short Ribs of Beef (Appetizer): YUMBERS. The meat is so tender. Risotto was perfectly cooked and tasty, and I don't usually like risotto.-Halibut (Entree): Cooked to perfection. Asparagus, mushrooms, and potatoes were salted well. YUM-Nutella & Vanilla Bomboloni (Dessert): Basically nutella filled donut holes coated in sugar, with a side of banana gelato. So good, will try to recreate this at home.Drinks:-Billionaire: Absinthe, need I say more-Berry Smash (or something like that): If you don't like acid-y drinks, this is for you. tldr: Every time I go back to Vegas, I'll always have a dinner here.
5	This place offers a first class dining experience. My fave restaurant in sin city by far!I come to this restaurant pretty much every time I go to vegas (that is pretty often) and have ordered many things off the menu. However, I keep going back to the duck and foie gras ravioli. OMG it is so freakin good! The paste of duck and fois gras in it is so smooth and silky within the ravioli pasta which is perfectly cooked al dente. Then comes the balsamic marsala sauce on top which is slightly sweet but not overpowering.
5	This is a late review as I've been really lazy but I'm trying to catch up! I came here with my boyfriend in November 2013 for this birthday and had the tasting menu. It was nothing short of amazinnng!  I will warn you, the portions are large for a tasting menu and you will get full! Ladies don't make the mistake of wearing a tight dress like I did! I was iffy about the tasting menu because I normally wouldn't choose to order most of what was on it and my boyfriend isn't a huge seafood person but we were feeling adventurous and wow were we surprised. The items I remembered the most were the raw yellowtail, fennel dusted black cod, spaghetti, and the desserts! Who knew simple spaghetti could be soo good! They were also sooo nice to give us three extra items on top of the tasting menu! Oh and also, their bread basket is the best I've had. Stromboli bread. Oh my goodness, I have dreams about this bread haha. The  ambience is very romantic and dimmly lit yet didn't feel stuffy or stiff like some higher end restaurants. I wish I took pictures but since our table was in the middle of two others tables I didn't want to disturb anyone with the flash of my camera. Oh and the view is really pretty! I hope to be back soon!!!
5	Scarpetta's food was awesome. We were there for a buddy's 30th birthday party, and didnt want to involve ourselves in much other than enjoying our time. We asked the server to bring food for our group and let him know we trusted his recommendation, and it worked out perfectly as he knew the right mix of pastas to bring out to us so we could recharge our batteries for the night. We had a reservation and were in and out of the restaurant within an hour and a half- exactly what we needed with a 10:30pm dinner. Overall, this place comes highly recommended!
4	It was good!Went with 4 girlfriends last night, and all were pleased.The ambiance was nice and the service was GREAT! It was really what set the experience apart from lesser fine-dining options, as opposed to the food.The duck/foie gras ravioli was definitely the star at our table.Two people ordered the spaghetti, which I tried. It was definitely tasty, but not hype-worthy. Other dishes hit the table- the scallop and short rib appetizers are small, and the short rib wasn't amazing. I didn't try a scallop.I had the Jidori chicken (because I never order chicken and saw another review that insisted). Very good!Recommended generally.
5	Dear God. Perfection. Not a misstep in a two-hour dinner. Bread basket.Polenta.Mushrooms.Pini (I think that's what it was called? Crazy pasta with lobster and chili pesto)Cod.The service was smooth and personable without being phony. The view of Bellagio was phenomenal. Scott Conant, you are my hero.
5	Oh...my...god! Fine dining literally at it's FINEST. This Scott Conant restaurant is located on the third floor at the cosmopolitan. When I walked in, first thing I thought was "wow this is it? It's so tiny!" But then we were lead to the back area and we had a nice view of gigantic wine wall and the water show at the Bellagio. The food is SOOOOO GOOD...even the bread was awesome. My favorite was the bread with salami wrapped into it. We ordered the raw yellowtail appetizer, foie gras and duck ravioli, lamb loin, and filet mignon. The yellowtail was super delicious and delicate..and more important super FRESH! I am not a huge fan of pasta of any sort but wowwww...add foie gras and duck and call me a fan! Everything about this dish was amazing! It's nice and buttery and rich and all kinds of deliciousness...*drools*. Filet was cooked perfectly, but my favorite dish of the night was the lamb. I was pretty damn full by the time the meat came out but it was too good to stop eating. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and it was crusted really nicely and it was seasoned really well. Oh btw they sell half (375 ml)  bottles of wine as well people so for those of you want more than one glass one wine but won't be able to finish a regular sized bottle! The customer service deserves an A+. They really went above and beyond. We told them we just wanted to share everything that came out and normally in that case we would expect to be picking off each other's plates, but they went the extra mile to split everything and plate it as though it was an individual meal. They did such a great job when the meat entree came out I was like "what we only ordered one" but the waiter came by and joked "you like how I split the filet perfectly in two?" Scarpetta is seriously one of the best dining experience I've ever had and it's so rare to find great food with an equally great staff. I will be back for sure when I go back to Vegas (which is like once or twice a year seeing as Las Vegas and California are neighbors)
4	This place is legit, and they know it, and charge for it.
4	The service was horrendous. The hostess didn't smile, wasn't polite, and was visibly overwhelmed. The food made up for it. Everything we ordered was amazing; cheese plate, ravioli, lamb ragu fettuccine, strawberry shortcake... AMAZING! My advice to you, patience! My advice to the manager, hire more servers and a better hostess!
2	So I wanted to try this place just because I have heard about Scott Conant so much and I figured I has to try this tomato basil pasta that is so famous and costs so much. My mom and I got the tasting menu. The famous, signature pasta wasn't the best and there were two dishes that we absolutely both refused to finish because they weren't good. For the price and the hype, I was pretty disappointed.
5	The pasta was soo good. The portions are small and food is expensive. Worth the experience to try it once. The bread they bring is you delicious. Amazing!
5	I'm a huge fan of Chopped and love Chef Scott Conant so when I heard he has two restaurants in Las Vegas I couldn't wait to try one. Let's me first share that the staff was extremely friendly and when we shared we had show reservations they were prompt and made sure we were out in time. Our table was by the window over looking the Bellagio. We had the perfect view of their water show. We asked our server what his favorite items are on the menu and he has excellent taste! Everything was simply amazing!!! From the appetizer to the pasta to the dessert. I never order spaghetti as I find it too simply but Chef Conant's is beyond amazing! It was truly the best Italian dinner I ever had!
5	When you are in Las Vegas you have more choices for great food than anywhere else in the U.S. sorry New York but let's be honest some food there sucks.This place is a for sure try.  The Caesar salad is fantastic.... The bread you get before your meal comes with 3 dipping sauces and is a nice touch.A wide variety of gourmet dished with the chicken being my favorite.
4	My husband took me here and I fell in love with the food and atmosphere. Their pea soup is to die for. And they have a great sommelier. I love coming here and highly recommend it for any special night out or even just to try the food for all the foodies out there.
3	Such an average meal...I can't see what all the raving is about......the food was just ok with the exception of the polenta. ..this was the highlight of the meal, but an app shouldn't be the best item of the night.....the bread people were raving about, eh...nothing special except for the mascarpone spread....the spaghetti was just alright. ......yes the noodles were homemade and thicker than the average spaghetti noodle, which I liked......however the sauce , what a let down....boring, bland uneventful......I was able to try pici, it didn't blow my hair back....I didn't bother with dessert because what was the point..........on a side note the tables are way to close to each other, not easy to enjoy a romantic meal when you can hear the details of 3 different conversations.....sorry not a fan
5	Absolutely amazing! A must try! Great food! My boyfriend and I had previously tried this restaurant. We had such a great experience the first time, so when he asked me "where do you want to go for your birthday dinner?" I quickly responded.... "SCARPETTA!" When we went for my birthday, it was such a lovely experience.  Our waiter was just amazing! He was so personable, and really made the overall experience pleasant! A great celebration!For our food, we started with the roasted diver scallops, which just melted in your mouth, we then had the spaghetti, which is undeniably a must try item, the pasta is cooked to perfection and the taste is just simply amazing, after the spaghetti we then had the prime NY strip of beef, the meat was cooked perfectly!  And to top it all off, I had to order the mascarpone cheesecake.... after all- it was my birthday! This cheesecake was absolutely delicious, and topped with a magical mango pineapple compote and passion fruit! SO YUMMY!This is a restaurant that you must try!  -Ask for a table by the window when making your reservation, there is a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountain to enjoy!(Sorry for the delay in my review/post- my birthday celebration dinner was back in April, and I have recommended this place to many people that I have met and know, and  I figured I finally need to put my great opinion out there to share!)
2	I was there two weeks ago with some friends and we decided to have Italian before heading out to Marquee that night. Food was okay, not really that great. Ordered a steak ($55 or so ) and it was pretty tiny. Ordered another plate of a pasta and it wasn't that good. The sauce tasted bitter to me.
5	One word: delish!!! Although I feel their customer service is not up to par. Since one is paying big bucks, one should expect great service. On yelp the restaurant indicated it closes at 11pm; when I called the person on the phone (female) stated they'll close at 10:30 if it's slow.... Ahh... This is Vegas
5	Scarpetta never disappoints!  Above and beyond friendly service and amazing food.  We started with the scallops.  They were roasted with just the amount of crust.  Next was were the braised shorts ribs - tender and so much flavor!  The creamy polenta with mushrooms - OMG!  I so want to lick my plate!  I had the Duck and Foie Gras ravioli - rich and smooth and yummy!  My GF had the lobster pasta.  The pasta was perfect with a delicious spicy sauce (I know because I "helped" my friend out when she stepped out!)  For dessert, we shared the coconut panna cotta.  It was a sprint, our spoons flying.  Next time, we will get our own!
3	The service was VERY slow.  The potato chips were great.  The food was OK but nothing memorable.My wife had halibut which was overcooked.  I had a short rib pasta that was OK.We DID love this eggplant dipping sauce and bread.  That was great!
4	The entire experience was wonderful. The waitstaff was charming and attentive and very well informed about their food. When I mentioned I was vegetarian, I was provided with a special vegetarian menu, with a couple of additional items not on the regular menu. (this is not exactly a positive. Put all your dishes on the menu. I mean, you aren't actually starting to cook your farro for the farro risotto when a random vegetarian offers it, right?)I was drawn to the restaurant by the marketing copy. (it's impressive!) The burrata salad made me add it to my very short -must-try-while-in-Vegas list. And it did not disappoint. I have a running pet peeve about chintzy servings of burrata, and this is possibly the first place I've eaten that provided a balanced proportion of tomato and burrata. The variety of heirloom tomatoes, served roasted, and fresh, was a wonderful surprise. And there was enough burrata (lightly salted with shaved crystal salt) for every bite of the dish. Divine.Two other stellar standouts (aside from the view of the Bellagio fountain show) were the olive oil served with the table bread-- some of the best I've ever had-- and the dessert. We split the Bomboloni, and it was divine. My description will not do it justice, but I'll try. Essentially, 5 small donuts covered in crystal sugar, and filled with Nutella, served with a heavenly banana gelato.All that, and in a peaceful oasis of a casino hotel that barely forces you to cross the casino floor, and makes it easy to enter and leave the building. I'll be back, should I find myself in Vegas ever again.
5	Foie Gras Ravioli- rich as hell and amazing every biteThe tar tar was also wonderful and tasted like meat heaven in my mouthAgnolotti had perfect texture, powerful taste and left me wanting moreFettuccini- rich and crazy good. The lamb was done perfectly and everything meshed into a perfect bite.We had a couple bottles of wine. Both good. both recommended and not very expensive. service was obviously good, we pretty much had a server assistant another waiter our waiter or the manager check on our table every 2 minutes. They didn't always say anything but I consistantly noticed them doing a glance over at us.
4	A very nice alternative if you want a break from the Vegas buffets!  The creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms was amazing.  Had the duck and foie gras ravioli and it was equally as amazing....a bit rich but not overly rich where you felt sick after.  Was able to polish off the entire dish with no problem - and the portion was pretty generous considering you're at a high-end restaurant.  Normally at great Italian places they tend to skimp on the portions but they didn't.  My mom had the black cod and that was tasty as well.....but since their pasta is fresh I would recommend trying one of their pastas.  Bread basket was great, they have this salami bread that was awesome!  Definitely have to try the one in Beverly Hills now!
3	Went here for my wife's birthday. We had a table where the view is overlooking Bellagio's water fountain. Very nice. The service was awesome and the food was pretty good. First ever restaurant that we encountered where they don't give anything for birthdays. And we have been to a lot of restaurants, go figure. Anything is better than nothing. Left with a sour taste...
3	Modern decor, nice view looking over Bellagio'd fountain on the window side. Service was great, food was good but not that high as I expected. Daily special linguini was good but salty. If saltiness of this dish was perfect, it could be the best dish of the day. Signature tomato home made spaghetti , fresh pasta was great but again the tomato sauce was heavy because of butter I guess.  If you're looking for authentic Italian, this is not a place to go.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas or in Italy. The creamy polenta and tomato and mozzarella salad were delightful starters and really set the tone for the meal.  The star was the Pici ..... Lobster with handmade tarragon infused pasta. It was a wonderful balance of richness with just a hint of spice to keep it interesting. This review would be remiss if I failed to mention the expert service. We had knowledgeable, pleasant and attentive servers. Thank you for a wonderful experience. We'll definitely be back.
4	Fabulous restaurant in The Cosmopolitan.  Cocktails, food and desserts... stellar.  Ask for a table by the window.
5	We had the tasting menu with wine pairing.  A++++++++++!   I highly recommend ordering this if you want to try the different flavors here.  Be come here hungry too!  Don't fill yourself with the bread basket if you're going to order the tasting menu.Every dish was great, and this Scarpetta location is as great as the Beverly Hills location inside the Montage BH.  I'll definitely return here again.  This outstanding meal was the highlight of my trip!For the $7 Happy Hour at the bar area from 5 to 7pm, it's satisfactory.  The food plates are tiny so expect minuscule portions.
4	I've been here several times and it's been consistent. Serves different variety of breads along with tapenade and olive oil.   For large groups, they have a private dining room.
4	Scarpetta has a very small happy hour window, I think it was Mon-Fri 5:30-7:00pm and I was determined to try it this week...just made it under the wire. We had the creamy delicious Polenta with mushrooms, warm assorted olives, fresh farm salad, burrata crostini, seafood frito misto, bone marrow ravioli, and wine...it was a fantastic sampler, all was delicious and exactly as described in their menu for just $7 a dish/cocktail.
5	Husband and I are major food show junkies, so we planned to celebrate big for our 5th anniversary. We were seated by a window with an incredible view of the bellagio fountains. The wooden floors, leather chairs, and leather placemats gave an instant upscale but hip vibe. We ordered an appetizer, two pastas, a meat dish, a side, and a dessert. All handmade pastas, the chef was so kind and split all our dishes (even when we said it wasn't a big deal for us to eat family style), and the spaghetti was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. The spaghetti with tomato and basil was so good we got an extra order to eat later. Luis, our server, was incredibly accommodating and made sure our dining experience was unforgettable. He joked with us, told us each item we were about to eat, and sent us home happy customers.
2	The hallmarks of an elite Las Vegas restaurant are outstanding food, personable service, and a great atmosphere. If a restaurant can hit on all three of these, and do so at a reasonable price, they deserve a fifth star. Scarpetta doesn't even belong in the same sentence as some of the amazing Vegas hotspots. Lets start with the good- Scarpetta has a nice location with a good view of the strip and prides itself on a swanky and sleek atmosphere. Its dark, the jazzy music is loud, and the table settings a slick. The other "views" are good too- as the younger crowd will probably afford you a few peaks at some match.com dates happening around you. Your jaw will even drop as soon as you see the cans on the hostess, but its all downhill after that at Scarpetta.To start, the restaurant was a hot box, so bring a wet towel to cool off. The service was atrociously impersonal and inattentive. Great restaurants have teams of servers constantly working your table, making suggestions, and guiding you through the experience. We had no sommelier to talk about wines with. Our waiter was a smug and unsmiling grump who detracted even more from the average food. The pasta dishes we ordered were step above Barilla pasta with some canned Ragu sauce. The beef tar tar was tasteless. How could some many be so wrong about this place? OVER-RATED! Clap, clap. Clap, Clap, Clap. If you want overpriced, average food with a forgettable personal touch slathered all over your plate- hit Scarpetta. If you want to enjoy a meal- look elsewhere.
2	Food:Foie Gras duck ravioli:  a mediocre sized dish, with oily ravioli stuffed with slim slivers of duck breast and foie gras. maybe foie gras is not meant to be cooked, but it was not a 5 star experience. despite my description it was good, but not great. I would expect more for what i am paying. BBQ ribs and bone marrow pasta: another ok meal, with the small chunks of meat in them. Seared scallop: VERY delicious. this was a wonderful appetizer, it set the par at which i was expecting the rest of the food to be at, unfortunately nothing did. Very juicy, and the bacon wrapping it was just the right amount of crispy.Service:I Hated the service, we had some snobby waiter that was quite rude. no help with description of food, not even a smile. I just didn't like him. Our waters were refilled once. this is a fine dining restaurant, I expect my water to be filled each time i reach half way. For Las Vegas standards this place FAILED miserably. I sit at the far end of restaurant in Bachi burger and my water gets filled constantly. any restaurant, fine dining or not, the people serve with a smile. the food runners were nice enough though. the service did not meet the standards one would expect at a restaurant like this.The restaurant:we had a pretty nice view of the Bellagio water works. we were one table away from the window, but it was still nice. the decor was nice too, i liked the way set up, the tables seemed to be stacked higher and higher as they went away from the window. chandeliers were very fancy. the decor met vegas standards. all in all probably not going back, not worth the money.
5	My boyfriend and I came to Scarpetta for my birthday and it was a wonderful experience. If you're cheap don't bother with this place because you won't appreciate all of the ingredients and love put into the dishes.  We had a view of the Bellagio fountains and it was amazing! I had a pasta dish with fresh veggies and this sauce that was delicious. The pasta was homemade, so It had a smooth buttery taste to it. Overall great food and a great dining experience.
2	I was actually really excited about this place, but to much avail, this place is mediocre at best.I really think this place is over-hyped. The food here is marginal and the prices exorbitant than its actually worth. I got the duck and foie gras ravioli, which was ok but not quite flavorful. After trying cucina enoteca in Irvine, CA, I always have to compare every italian place to it and Scarpetta cannot compete. Cucina Enoteca is always a good half price cheaper! I also am NOT a fan of their service. My wine was forgotten and only came at the tail end of my dinner. For $18 a glass, this is unacceptable. I know waiters work long hours but it seem like everyone was crabby who worked there.I'll have to say though, the window view is pretty good as it faces the fountain of the Bellagio.
5	We were in Vegas last weekend for a birthday, and as Chopped fans we had to go. We spent the week prior drooling over the menu but that didn't help, we were still having a hard time choosing what to order. So many great options!I went with the Pici while the bf went with the Prime Fillet. The Pici was spicy and unbelievably delicious. The Fillet was tender and probably the best piece of meat I've ever put in my mouth. Scarpetta has ruined Italian food for me. Pasta is freshly handmade. I'm getting an Imperia and never eating pasta out of a box again.
4	Upscale Italian on the top floor of the Cosmo.  Only had an appetizer and pasta, so limited view, but think I'd go back for the full experience if I was looking for a high end (expensive) Italian option.  Pricier than the new spot over at the Cromwell, so might consider that first (see my review).Jimmy the bartender is one of the best I have seen in the business. He knows his stuff, is personable and owns his bar; helpful and pointed in keeping it running with the staff.Food was excellent, as was the drink.
5	Absolutely delicious.  We didn't have reservations, so we ended up sitting in one of the booths in the bar, so we missed out on the views that people are speaking of, but there was a full menu there and we didn't feel like waiting for a table.  My husband and I both had the Pici and it was the best pasta I have ever had in my life. Homemade pasta, cooked perfectly and while it was spicy, the spice didn't take over the dish and take away from the flavor. It had huge chunks of lobster in it and was well worth the money.  Bread was delicious as well, along with the eggplant spread.
5	I was apprehensive to go somewhere so expensive for a friends birthday and honestly the menu didn't thrill me. First off the restaurant and service, ambiance the view - excellent. If this food appeals to you and you have the budget I would highly rec for a special occasion. I have to say tho I DO think that it is overpriced for many menu items but its fine dining at the Cosmo so what do you expect. As a group we ordered 3 pasta dishes, 1 soup and a desert. I tried the crab and corn soup - delicious as was the chocolate cake I ate. however the show stoppers were the duck and bone marrow pasta dishes - DEVINE. I would go back and order only those and eat them all and not share a bite.
5	DAMN YOU SCOTT CONANT. We made a reservation here and were all excited to be judgmental pricks about the food (you know, the way Scott is on Chopped). But IT WAS AMAZING. WE COULD NOT FIND ANYTHING TO JUDGE HARSHLY.First, try to request a table by the window/with a view. The restaurant has an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain at night. We did the tasting menu and it was TOTALLY WORTH IT. One of the best meals I've ever had and SO FILLING. Second tip: DO NOT fill up on the delicious bread at the beginning of the meal if you are doing the tasting menu. We were so stuffed but we actually finished our whole meal. The waiter commented that we were the first to actually finish the tasting menu in a month because everyone fills up on bread and ends up not being able to finish their dishes. Amazing food. IMO highlights were the creamy polenta and black cod.
5	One of the most prestigious dinning experiences in Las Vegas. Apart from the unbelievably amazing food, the service and the view are unparalleled. A must when visiting the Strip.
5	Well the view alone makes this a spectacular dining experience. Ask to sit near the window when making reservations so you have a nice view of the Bellagio fountains at night. We started off with the creamy polenta with mushrooms and oh sweet god was it delicious. Every single bite was amazing. We then ordered the duck foie gras ravioli and the spaghetti with marinara sauce. I know spaghetti sounds like such a simple thing to order but our waiter was raving about it. He was right- it was done to perfection. I will have to try the Scarpetta in NYC and see how it compares
4	I was in Vegas over the 4th of July weekend with some friends and family. We decided to give Scarpetta a try since it sounded nice and was close to our hotel. The restaurant is beautiful and the wait staff was great (very friendly, polite and professional). The view from the restaurant is on the Bellagio fountains, which was very nice (you actually get a nice panoramic view of part of the strip). As for the food, I was pleasantly surpised. I had the duck foie gras ravioli and it was quite nice. My girlfriend had the Pici pasta which was absolutely amazing! If you are in Vegas and looking to have a nice dinner I would say head over to Scarpetta.
4	I have now been here a few times and enjoy the food overall but the first time dining at this place was a huge disappointment.  Made a reservation for Valentine's dinner so I was super excited to try out this restaurant with my husband but the host lost our reservation and when we arrived they made us wait for over 45 minutes.  We were both starving at this point but waited patiently and when they finally sat us we got seated in the entrance area in the corner which wasn't very romantic at all.  The food also took forever which made us even more annoyed.  I decided to try this restaurant a few times after this incident and have had a better experience so I do think they have improved.  The ambiance in this restaurant is actually very nice and enjoyable.
4	Was here with a large group (bachelorette party) and we got the tasting menu with wine pairing.Excellent food in general. Favorites were short rib agnolotti, scallops, and yellowtail, as well as the duck (though it was at the end and we were so full already we hardly ate any) Was underwhelmed only by the spaghetti dish (why am I filling up on something I could have cooked at home?). The rest of the dishes were superb, down to the port and lava cake-esque dessert.
5	The ambiance and view of the las vegas strip was amazing! I've tasted so many different spaghettis and the only spaghetti that I've ever liked is my moms and the one at scarpetta. The sauce was just a perfect taste. My sister had the duck foie gras ravioli and my other sister had the Short Rib and Bone Marrow Agnolotti which both dishes were amazing. The food came out in less than ten minutes. The waiters were very attentive.
3	I am super disappointed on my expectations of this restaurant. First the service sucks!!! The guy who was taken care of us maybe talked to is no more than 5 minutes total. The food was good, bit nothing to really brag about. The restaurant was very pretty and we did have a great view of the Bellagio fountains. I would skip this place and go somewhere else.
5	Delicious in every aspect!  We had the tasting menu,  and it was worth every single penny. Everything was delicious, but I will be dreaming of the polenta the rest of my life! We were so stuffed by the end of the meal,  but of course you have to have dessert.  We had a couple different things,  but by far the best was the coconut pana cotta with the mango soup.  To die for. Great service, great food,  and a great atmosphere.  I will totally recommend this restaurant to everyone.
3	Its killing me to give this place 3 stars. I really wanted to love this place. I watch chopped and have mad respect for Scott Conant. Every single foodie I know has recommended his very simple yet delicious spaghetti dish to me. So, we ordered it as an appetizer and BOY were we disappointed. The taste was wonderful but the pasta wasn't cooked right (Ironic I know since he dings people on this very issue). We told the server our pasta was a lil too al dente and he quickly corrected me that fresh pasta can't be al dente. I continued to clarify that its a big tough in the center and doesn't taste like its cooked all the way through. I completely understand that pasta should still have a touch bite to it but this was practically raw on the inside. Like I said before I REALLY wanted to love this dish and the server made me feel really stupid for not "getting" how pasta should be cooked. The restaurant took the spaghetti off our bill which was really nice but I wish they'd offer us a redo of the dish. Regardless, I haven't given up hope just yet. Every restaurant (even awesome ones) can have an OFF day. I do wish the server was a bit more understanding but what-ya gonna do right? Anyways, hope to try Scarpetta again and LOVE the spaghetti.
5	Food was beautiful. Service was impeccable. Our server Garvin was very personable and quite attentive without being intrusive. The same can be said for his teammates (food runners, bussers, etc.). The only negative thing at all that I have to say is that no Negroni on earth should cost $15, but that's Vegas for ya, I suppose!Pro tip: ask for a table with a view of the Bellagio fountains, if possible.
4	*** Review is for Restaurant Week August 2014 Menu ***Another restaurant that I've wanted to try now marked off the list.  The Restaurant Week menu is somewhat limited in selections, but what it has was very good.I was seated next to the window overlooking the Bellagio and the fountains which added to the good atmosphere of the restaurant.  I was brought menus and an iced tea.  I had to ask for the Restaurant Week menu and it was brought.  I had already made my choice from the online menu but sometimes things change so I wanted to make sure.I was brought a nice bread basket with sourdough and three other breads.  Accompanying it was a trio of bread toppers/dippers--mascarpone butter, caponata, and a citrus infused olive oil.  All three were good, but I could have eaten a plate of the caponata!  The mild citrus flavor in the olive oil made that my second choice.For the starter, I ordered the creamy polenta with fricassee of truffled mushrooms.  The polenta was brought in a white dish and the server then spooned the onion and wild mushroom mixture over the polenta.  The dish was excellent.  I almost took some bread to wipe up any leftover polenta.For the main course, I got the fennel dusted black cod on a bed of concentrated tomatoes and roasted fennel.  The fish was cooker perfectly and was moist and soft but with a crisp crust.  The crust had a mild anise flavor from the fennel.  The tomatoes beneath, concentrated by baking until some of the water was rendered which gave the tomato a prominent flavor.  The roasted fennel was tasty.For dessert, there was no choice but that didn't matter.  The bomboloni was a wonderful way to end a good meal.  The bomboloni consisted of two filled with Nutella ganache and one was filled with a vanilla cream.  Alongside was a small scoop of banana ice cream resting on crushed chocolate shortbread pieces.  Excellent!Service was good for the most part.  Two small things--when your posted opening time is 6 PM, open at 6.  Seating people almost 10 minutes late is not the best form especially if someone has a show they need to get to.  Also, I had two Sweet 'n Low wrappers on the table that neither a runner nor the server cleared even though both were by several times.  That's something you wouldn't expect from a restaurant of this class.  I'm sure Chef Conant would point this out if he were dining there.  I wish I didn't have to ask for the Restaurant Week menu.  It was a sheet of paper.  Bring it with your large books of wine and dinner menus.
5	Awesome scenery and great service. Not to mention the food was spectacular. For a nice dinner night I would highly recommend. Be sure to get reservations
5	It was amazing!!!  One of the best meals I have ever had.  The service was great and very classy.  The Roasted Scallops were definitely the best Scallops I have ever had.  I also the loved our Pasta and Filet, the dessert was also great.  I had Coconut Panna Cotta with Pineapple and Guava Soup, which is now my favorite dessert!  I would go back for sure!!!
5	I come every single Vegas trip. Betty, the head pastry chef is INCREDIBLE. not only does she make the meanest desserts of all time, she is also incredibly generous. The entire staff there is! They sure know how to make you feel pampered. All the other appetizer, pasta, and meat dishes were on point and phenomenal. That spaghetti... And Betty..... Keep me coming back for more....!!!! Lol. Till next time!
5	My wife and I decided that we wanted to try Scott Conant's Scarpetta; what a great decision. The atmosphere and view from our table was excellent for a romantic dinner. We were wowed by the wine selection, albeit pricey, and the initial offering of bread and accoutrements laid the groundwork for an amazing dinner. First course consisted of the braised short rib risotto which was so incredibly tender and rich. I also ordered the beef tartare and quail egg which was top notch but came with no surprises. My wife went with the famous spaghetti for her entree and let me tell you, it blows the doors off Gordon Ramsey's beef Wellington (and it's only a few simple ingredients and fresh pasta!). I ordered the lamb with grain mustard and kale which was expertly cooked and delicious. For dessert we had the chocolate cake and the watermelon parfait. I'm not a fruit dessert kind of guy so the parfait didn't appeal to me much but my wife loved it. It did seem rather refreshing. My chocolate cake was insanely rich and delicious but made me wish I had a glass of milk to go with it, haha. All things considered it was my favorite dinner during our trip to Vegas (among visits to Gordon Ramsey's 'Steak', Wolfgang Puck's 'Spago' and a handful of buffets). We will absolutely be going back. Love you Scott Conant!
5	I was so excited to go to Scarpetta and I was not disappointed. Our server was so personable and helpful. He recommended a bottle of wine that went perfectly with our meal. On top of that, when we mentioned how were interested in the wine industry, he went out of his way to write down a couple of documentaries for us to watch. Just above and beyond.  The heirloom tomato salad is just undesirable. The best salad I've ever had. I had one of the specials of the night--  pappardelle with burrata and prosciutto in a tomato sauce.  So great. I really wanted to try the spaghetti, but my dining partner forgot to share. It was that good.  Overall, great!
4	Scarpetta is a lovely italian restaurant inside The Cosmopolitan. We were seated near the entrance but still had a good view of the Bellagio fountains which became more spectacular as it grew darker outside. They had a nice assortment of bread to start along with a healthy list of specials that included diver scallops and foie gras, which my husband ordered. I started with the white corn soup with Dungeness crab which was sweet, buttery and one of the best soups I've ever tasted. For my main course, I ordered the duck and foie gras ravioli. My dish might have been better if I didn't try my husband's dish which had actual pieces of seared foie gras. Holy duck liver, Batman! With my dish, I thought that combining the duck and the liver in the ravioli just muddied the flavors of both food items that I found so enjoyable. We finished the meal off with coffee and shared a delightfully light mascarpone cheesecake.The prices are a bit high, as expected from a fine dining establishment on the Strip, yet not prohibitive. The service was spot on, warm and unobtrusive. Let the waitstaff know if you are vegetarian or on a gluten-free diet and they will provide you a separate menu.
5	AMAZING! Thank you for having real Italian food in Vegas worth the price! It's in the Cosmopolitan. FOOD:Complimentary bread: Good variety, soft, addicting. Truffle Polenta (5): OMG can I have you every day. I could have left after just eating this and been so happy. So creamy and flavorful. Truffle flavor came out so well, and the extra crunch you get from the mushrooms made it perfect. Gorgeous dish also. Special-Cheese ravioli with black truffles (5 stars): Had to get the special since I love black truffles. They shave on a good amount too. The ravioli was really good and the black truffles and foam made it amazing. Very filling. Chicken Entree (5 stars): So moist and flavorful. Seasoned almost like Mediterranean/Indian chicken. Really liked it.VIEW/ATMOSPHERE (5 stars)Sat right against the window and saw the beautiful Bellagio fountains go up every 15 minutes. Gorgeous. Definitely request the window seats if you can. The place itself is nice and quiet. Great for a date night. SERVICE (5 stars)Girls who work at the front are both beautiful and nice! I was in heels and she warned me as I was walking that the back area was slippery, which it was! So if she didn't warn me I probably would have ate it. And the waiters were on top of everything and nice too.
2	I have dreamt about eating the spaghetti here for years. For years. And when that spaghetti and I finally met and dined together, it did not disappoint. The spaghetti noodles are cooked to an al dente. Rather than the spaghetti sauce poured on top, the noodles are simmered and cooked with simple sauce. The starch from the noodles holds onto the flavors bringing together the noodles and sauce. The spaghetti here is divine.In addition to the spaghetti, our table also shared the creamy polenta with truffled mushrooms, the braised short ribs of beef, and the raw yellowtail. All of which were equally as good.The service was subpar. Our table had to constantly flag our waiter down. For a fine dining establishment, I felt like we were jipped. On top of the inattentiveness, my friend encountered a shard of plastic/glass in her salad. Lemme tell you, whatever she bit into was hard. HARD. Everyone at the table felt it and indeed, the shard was tough and hard. We sent the dish back to the kitchen and the chef simply said that we were mistaken and that shard was actually just a piece of hard sea salt....uh. Okay. Clearly that piece of salt sea did not melt in my friend's mouth and it was HARD. Sea salt my ass.The food is good, but go to the one in Beverly Hills. This place sucks. And maybe they cater toward out of towners who don't know any better, but for the vast majority- we know what fine dining should look and feel like and this certainly is not it.
5	Went in on Sat night and felt like I was in Rome the food was that good.  Wow!  Tremendous experience.  The service is probably the best we've had in Vegas, they're that talented.  And the pasta is really that good!  I strongly recommend it here.  Mario the GM came over to see how our meal was which shows how caring their team is.   I noticed as walking out they have a really nice private dinning room for special partys that faces the water show at Belligiao...
2	We went here for a bachelorette party dinner during a trip to Vegas.  I would definitely say save your money and go elsewhere.The restaurant is nice inside the Cosmopolitan but the food was extremely small portioned.  I paid $35 for appetizer special of the day: 2 scallops!  For entree I had the scriti pasta dish.  Good squid ink but very bland in seasoning and also very scant for the price.  Service was good waiter was attentive.  Ambiance left something to be desired.  Someone puked in the ladies bathroom and wasn't cleaned.  Skip this place and go elsewhere!
3	Let me first say that I went to Scarpetta just to try their dessert.  My friend and I had eaten dinner at a nearby restaurant in Cosmopolitan and wanted to try another place for dessert.  We first checked out the menu posted right outside the door of the restaurant and figured that the desserts sounded tasty so we should give it a shot.  When we first went in, they asked for our reservation.  We did not have any, so we elected to sit in one of the booths near the bar.  For dessert, I ordered the Peach Crostata since I really like peaches.  The dessert was described as moscato peaches, almonds, cinnamon and cardemom gelato.  It came in a clear glass.  I was expecting the dessert to be very sweet and savory, but it wasn't really any of those.  It wasn't anything extraordinary.  It just tasted like a regular dessert.  I understand that most customers do not come here just for dessert, but I figured with the great reviews and pricing that it would be something worth trying.  I guess I was wrong.  Maybe their food is better than their desserts, but there wasn't anything special on this end.
5	Really didn't expect to order a steak here.  Yet had one of the best bone in ribeyes I've ever had anywhere (was a special).  Was 24 oz of amazingness.  Ate at SW steakhouse the night before ... And this blew it away (also had their bone in).  Went with my girlfriend and also wanted to sit by the window for a great view.  They accommodated.  Service was solid and they tossed in a free dessert (not sure why...said "congrats" on it....but we never told them we were celebrating anything).  All in all, a great experience and meal.
2	Had dinner here with a few friends. Started with the truffled polenta and "suschi", then we had a ravioli and followed with the fillet. The raviolis were under cooked and we definitely should have sent them back but that was our fault.  Everything else was really nice but my biggest complaint is that the polenta, ravioli and fillet all had the same demi glace. It was too rich after the second dish and my taste buds got totally bored.  For the price I would go else where.
3	The last time I went to dinner with the girls it was a wreck. We did not receive proper service being dolled up for dinner as we was. And the food was heavily overpriced for the quality it was.. I had the foie gras, it was pretty mediocre and bit salty. My side dish of spinach was very salty... Not sure I'll come back for another girl's dinner next time I'm in vegas.
5	Reserve a table!This place is great! We were barely able to squeeze in a reservation during Labor weekend, but it was well worth it. The staff is extremely nice and tentative.Their starter bread is amazing! They give you a basket with different varieties of bread as well a three toppings: Mascarpone  butter, eggplant, and citrus olive oil. This is probably one of these best bread starters I've had.The best dish was the Short Rib and Bone Marrow Agnolotti. Cocktails were delicious as well.
4	Long over-due review. Came here for dinner during my bachelorette party in the month of June 2014.  When we arrived we had a bit of a wait.. even with reservations. When we did get seated the view from our table was beautiful, we could see the water show that Bellagio does. Our waiter, can't remember his name was really attentive, asked us how we are doing, if there was anything else that he could get,  the staff kept our waters full AWESOME!! Food here is pretty good. We all had different dishes amongst the 12 girls in the group.. That's how we eat LOL. Sharing is caring. Over all great place, great atmosphere, nice people, modern interior, beautiful views.
5	The best I've had in Vegas!! Everything was amazing, we had the tasting menu which for the value was one of the best in Vegas!  The flower and Tabasco cocktail was awesome and then thank god  the server guided us away from more cocktails and towards the amazing wine pairings!  It was from start to finish one of the best meals I've ever had
1	If you want a lot of pompous attitude, and pay a lot for average food this is the place for you.  Don't order the braised beef rib.  You will leave hungry and who puts cheese on their ribs.  That's a shame.  Don't expect to eat healthy either.  The cocktails were very good though, so I would recommend the bar.  The restaurant also has an amazing view.
4	The foie gras ravioli and the truffle polenta nom nom nom!!!
5	Very romantic atmosphere, great food, excellent service! I had the polenta which I didn't want to stop eating. I also had the spaghetti and I don't know how some people gave it bad reviews. I would come again just for the spaghetti, it was perfect. My husband had the fois gras and said it was the best he's had, as well as the halibut. For dessert we finished with the Nutella bomboloni, yum! The view of the bellagio fountains was a nice addition.
5	AMAZING!!! One of my all time favorite dinners and I go out to eat a lot. The portions are on the smaller side but hey when you're in Vegas you don't need a big stuffing meal, need to save some room for drinks :)We ordered the short rib appetizers' with polenta (VERY small portion). They were beyond anything else I've tried. Everything just melted in my mouth. For dinner I ordered the mushroom raviolis I think it was called foie gras ravioli. Again this plate was just outstanding nothing like anything I've ever had before. The grated cheese literally foamed on the plate. I can't stop talking about this meal and recommending this restaurant to others. Another plus was the window seating which had beautiful views of the Vegas strip. The place is dimly lit so adds a romantic feel.
4	great spot in Cosmopolitan.  Maybe best Italian on the strip.  I had the black cod which I would get again.  Pasta was also outstanding.  Cool, dark space with  view of Bellagio fountains.  Good spot for couples.
5	Amazing!  Food at its finest. We had the tasting menu and wine pairing and I would have paid triple for this experience. The service was professional and flawless. The food can only be described as art!  Texture, taste, and creativity are in every bite.  Wow!  This is bucket list worthy!  Check my other reviews, I am generally not this kind.
5	Graciously hosted by Gina(chef), Domenic(Somm), Mario, and Noe this was the best dining experience ever.  Evening started out with there combination meat and cheese......fresh Parmigiano reminiscent of my trip to Parma, salty, nutty, and firm.    Now, for those who know me, I take 'Sauce' seriously as I was raised by a full blooded Sicilian mother.  I'm excited to say they Sauce was bright with acid, rounded out with olive oil and basil and finished with a hit of butter.  The polpettino were delicate pillow of lamb, beef, and pork with a nice crust gently tossed into the sauce.   Wines were perfectly selected by Noe and Domenic.  Should you get a chance reserve the private room for an intimate view of vegas.Thank you to Noe and team for the memorable experience.  See you all at CES in January.
1	Yelp Fail. This was my girlfriend's first time in Las Vegas, so I wanted to bring her to an upscale place and have her try some food from supposedly exclusive restaurants in vegas. Based on the yelp reviews, and time availability, I chose Scarpetta. It was a major disappointment, and I felt so bad bringing her to this establishment. This was the first restaurant experience she had in Vegas and it was horrendous. Let me say that this review is based on three dishes that we had at Scarpetta. 1. Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli (main course)2. Short Rib Agnolotti (main course)3. Roasted Diver Scallops (appetizer)Ambiance:The seating and view were great. We were the table almost next to the window where the Belagio water show was going on. There was a great view of the show. The lighting was also dim. It is definitely a nice place to bring a date.Price:Despite the $$$, the prices are not too outrageous for Las Vegas. The main course dishes were 25 and 26 dollars while the roasted scallops were 23 dollars. Service:Service was horrible. We were there for over an hour. Our waiter checked up on us twice, once to bring more water and the second time to see if our food was ready. We waited for about 15-20 minutes to get our scallop appetizer. No apologies or more complementary bread. The wait for the food seemed the norm, as the tables next to us finished their food and were just making small talk while waiting for over 20 minutes. After we finished our scallops, we proceeded to wait another almost 30 minutes for our main course. Again, no apologies or further check ups. I ran out of water while waiting for our main course, during the appetizer, and did not get a refill until I had to ask for one (after the main course came). When we wanted to tell the waiter about the problems with our main courses, he and other waiters could not be found for about 20 minutes. We just sat there looking at each other and our plates (almost untouched). Simply horrible.Food:Scallops - these were actually very good. They were simple scallops that were fresh and cooked well. I would definitely get this again.Duck and Foie Gras Ravioli - came out cold, tough, and very very very salty. We have had foie gras before, and this was well beyond what it was supposed to taste like. It left a bitter and salty taste in the mouth that could only be drowned out by eating the complimentary bread with their house tomato sauce. My girlfriend did not want to waste food so she tried to put the ravioli in her mouth followed by water as a chaser. She soon became sick and had to go to the bathroom. She only finished about 1/3 of the plate before I told her to stop. Short Rib Agnolotti - gross. The noodles were tough and cold. The sauce made the bread crumbs stick to the noodles and caused the noodles to stick together like one giant pasta. I had trouble eating one bite of it. After finally taking a bit, the food was bland and left an unpleasant aftertaste. It was one of the worst dishes I have had in a long time. I am usually not too picky with pasta, but this Agnolotti was inedible. The noodles were rubbery hard and the sauce was cold and crusted onto the noodles. The appearance did not help. The food looked like someone threw up on the plate. The sauce was black or very dark brown (could not tell because of the dim lighting), but the appearance made the food even less appetizing. Conclusion of the meal:After about 20 minutes of the food being on the plate, almost completely untouched, the waiter came by to ask "how was everything tasting." I told the waiter that the food was inedible and that it was probably the worst thing I've had in recent memory. The waiter's face was priceless. He did not seem shocked at all, rather, he just appeared to be apologetic. The waiter took the food off our table and asked if we wanted anything else. At this point, the restaurant was about to close and we did not want to wait another 30 minutes to get some inedible food. I told him to just give me the check so we can get out of there. They took the two dishes off our bill and our almost 2 hour meal came out to a whopping $23 (for the scallops). What a waste of time and appetite.This trend of inedible food was not isolated to only our table table. While waiting for our food, the table behind us asked for the check and had two dishes that were inedible and left untouched as well. I did hear that the fish was decent from the table behind us, but that was the extent of praise Scarpetta's food received. Overall:I felt the need to write a long rant about this place. This dinner was supposed to be a happy and memorable event for my girlfriend because it was her very first dinner in vegas. Instead, it was only memorable because of how bad the restaurant service and food were. Considering there are a ton of great great places in vegas, I would highly advise anyone to pass on Scarpetta.
5	Delicious! We weren't starving so asked the waiter to select four appetizers that we could easy split. Such a great idea! See the pictures but we had tuna roll, octopus, lobster pasta, shrimp and oysters followed by these little pastries similar to a donut stuffed with either chocolate or vanilla cream. It was a wonderful experience and our waiter was top notch!! I would definitely go back and recommend anyone else to also.
3	I wanted so badly to try this place after I watched Scott Conant make his famous spaghetti on Food Network. We made reservations and were seated next to a window overlooking the Bellagio fountains. The service was great and my husband's fettuccine with veal ragu was outstanding. I got the famous spaghetti with tomato-basil sauce and the noodles lived up to the hype - the most amazing pasta texture I've ever experienced. The sauce, however, was disappointing. Watching it being made I expected a fresh tasting tomato-basil sauce. What I received was an overly salted tomato sauce with no visible signs of basil that sadly reminded me of the sauce you get with spaghetti-o's (albeit not as sweet).
3	Tucked away in the Cosmo, this restaurant is intimate and has a great view of the Bellagio fountain. I made reservations through Opentable and it worked just fine. We even arrived a bit early but they had our table ready and were able to seat us right away. We had an awesome seat by the window across from the fountain and basically had dinner and a show. It was perfect. Service was good, water was constantly filled, plates taken away and made sure we were doing okay. Food was so-so... yes, I said it... it was just okay. I had the duck and foie gras ravioli and the bf had the short rib agnolotti. I actually enjoyed his dish more than my own.. but both pastas were only okay. Somewhat lacked flavor, or I just might be more of a tomato sauce kind of girl. I did however enjoy their assortment of bread and the butter, and other dipping sauces they had. That was delicious and we had to have two servings of that. We also had a Caesar salad which was delicious and had a hint of lemon flavor that was refreshing.
4	Everything about this restaurant was incredible. Our server was wonderful . The food was delicious and the ambiance was incredible. Definitely request window seating because we got a pretty decent view as well! I got the lobster pici with chili almond pesto and it was absolutely delicious! My sister ordered the bruschetta and the seared scallops. Both dishes were very well made although there were super SMALL portions! I highly recommend this restaurant! Especially if you are looking for high quality italian fusion. I recommend making a reservation because we were in there on a Tuesday in the summer and it was still packed!
3	The food here is nice, and the prices are not crazy, though the portions are small.  We sat at the bar and our service was adequate.  I agree with others that the house bread is of high quality.  I looked at the olive oil and thought, "Ok, it's just olive oil," but it's infused with citrus and will totally blow your mind.  However, to get 5 stars, I think a place needs more than a great bread basket.  I had the king salmon which was decent, though nothing special.  I was told it was wild, but to me it tasted more like farmed fish, possibly natural king or even Norwegian.  It may have been wild, but I've definitely had king salmon with more flavor. At least it didn't taste old.  It was otherwise well prepared with the parsnip puree, pancetta and beans.  My date ordered the filet, which again was fine, but not orgasmic.  Overall, it's a nice atmosphere and I might eat here again if I'm already at the Cosmopolitan, but I wouldn't consider it a destination restaurant.  For a little more money, I'd probably opt for Twist or Bouchon.
1	Extreemly small portions!! Expensive. Not that good. Dont come here if you are hungry bc you will have to eat 3 bread basketts to satisfy your hunger!!
5	I just love this place! I have to write another review and tell everybody how great it is!We came here to celebrate two birthdays the other day and the service, like last time, was awesome. Everybody thoroughly enjoyed their food and had ZERO complaints! We had a party of 8 and there were a few picky eaters amongst us and seriously everybody LOVED their food! I ordered the scallop with foie gras for an appetizer, lamb for the main course, and this guava soup thing with pineapples for dessert. Scallops were AMAZING and probably my favorite part of the whole meal. The lamb was different than the last time I had it but still good. The guava soup (per our waiter's suggestion) was light and refreshing...so good.I whole heartedly recommend this place to everybody who wants to have a great meal and a great dining experience
5	This is seriously one of my favorite restaurants in all of Las Vegas Nevada you need to call and make a reservation ask for a seat by the window it is delicious I'm talking about the food and the view you can watch the Bellagio fountain shoot off from sitting inside your cozy swank seat and when you're all done then go walk on over to the chandelier bar and get a cocktail or walk over to secret and get a beer and a slice of pizza....Instead of dessert ....
5	An absolutely fantastic meal.  Mike was our waiter and he provided absolutely phenomenal recommendations.  We had the scallops which were truly orgasmic and out of this world,  the raviolis with foie gras was a heavenly savory dish.  The lamb and octopus/ calamari we had were also deliciously decadent. Our wine expert steered us to a spectacular red that worked with every course. And then Mike surprised us with a dessert that blew our minds: Italian doughnuts that made my girlfriend believe in angels, God, and the afterlife. In essence, our best meal in Vegas and perhaps for many months.
5	I have been to many high end restaurants in Vegas but so far, this place tops them all. From the moment you are seated to the moment you leave, it is an unforgettable experience.  Every time we come here they treat us like family.  I have had most of the dishes and all of what I have had here was very very good. I will always come and eat here when I am in Vegas.
4	Great view of the Bellagio fountains. Nice dark, romantic atmosphere. Started with a really great rye manhattan and had delicious pasta entrees. Minus one star for un-exciting yellowtail appetizer.
5	What a great place! We dined with another couple, who had been here before, and raved about it.  We couldn't agree with them more.  Our table had a beautiful view of the Bellagio fountains -- request that if you can. The ambiance as a whole was quite wonderful -- contemporary and elegant, but still warm and inviting.  Our server was very knowledgeable and gave excellent suggestions when we asked for them. Food was outstanding; we ordered different dishes and shared. The polenta, ravioli, scallops and duck received high marks by all. We would not at all hesitate to recommend or return here.
5	I had dinner here the other night and went in with moderate expectations and closed the evening happy, and smiling from ear to ear. Atmosphere =  fantastic. We had a table for 2 with a view of the Bellagio Fountains. Service = excellent. The waiter was amazing and started us off with a delicious glass of wine.  My friend and I told him what kind of wine we liked; a heavy red. He brought an amazing glass that was delicious. I don't recall the name, but It was a blend from Santa Barbara and exactly what we wanted. Food = delicious. I couldn't make my mind up and asked the waiter for a suggestion between 3 pasta dishes I was considering. His suggestion was the Short Rib & Bone Marrow Agnolotti.  I've never had "bone marrow" anything, but I was willing to give it a try. I ate every piece and nearly licked the plate.  What I respected the most? The waiter wasn't trying to sell me on the most expensive dish. In fact, it was one of the less expensive pasta dishes to choose from! Desert = Heavenly & Sinful. I am not a "sweets / desert person,so I "passed" on ordering a desert. My friend ordered a desert that were like cream filled donuts. The waiter brought me out a tiny little spoon to "taste" the desert or was teasing me.  He ended up bringing me a full on desert spoon! Delicious! Not too expensive. Great ambiance, fantastic customer service and delicious food. I will def return and suggest Scarpetta. ;-))))
5	What can I say about this place that hasn't been said? The food was amazing, the service was phenomenal, and the atmosphere was absolutely gorgeous.I booked my reservation through Open Table. We showed up to our reservation roughly 15 minutes early. I gave the hostess my name and thus the amazing dining experience began.I started off asking my waiter what he would recommend for a cocktail that I couldn't get anywhere else. He immediately recommended a drink that had bourbon in it. I'm not a bourbon fan, but I decided that I should give it a try. I cent remember the name of the drink, but it was the first one on the list of specialty cocktails. What I experienced next can only be described as an orgasm in my mouth. It was absolutely amazing. My dinner date and I shared two appetizers. We had the octopus, which was good but a bit flavorless, and the scallops. The scallops were unreal. Absolutely awesome. Also, he bread that they bring you with the baked cheese inside of it is great as well. For our second plate we shared a lobster spaghetti plate. Once again, phenomenal.My dinner date had lamb and it was great. The meat absolutely melted in my mouth. I had some sea bass that was also very good.Overall, for two appetizers, 3 drinks, a pasta plate, and two main courses, the meal was less than $200. We've been to Barelotta at the Wynn, and while this might not be the same caliber of food, the price comparison makes this place phenomenal.
4	My second visit in the past couple of years, and the food is simply amazing...amazballs as Usher would say.  Everything is perfection.  My girlfriend is a vegetarian and they separated the bread into two baskets so the bread with the meat was not touching the other bread - that's service, right?My only complaint would be the noise level, or the size of the two-top at whic we were seated.  I like a hum in a restaurant, but we were too far from each other to speak in our indoor voices and be heard.  If we were closer together it wouldn't have been an issue.  Pretty minor issue, really...last time I was here I sat on the window and didn't notice the noise, this time I was pretty much in the middle of the room between the bar and the window, so that could be it as well.  Perhaps next time we could request a window seat.
5	5 star restaurant!! Just left this place and cant stop talking about how good it was. Starting with the service which was beyond excellent to the gourmet food and the delicious desserts. Enjoyed every minute of it!! If you are staying at the cosmo or happen to be in the area make sure you visit this amazing restaurant.
5	Hidden on the third floor of the Cosmopolitan, Scarpetta is the place to visit to learn what really good pasta can be like.As a pasta fiend, I am very picky when it comes to pasta.  Scarpetta has shown me another dimension to pasta that I must learn.  The minimalist approach where pasta is the star, and the sauce or other items are addendums.Allow me to expound:Signature Spaghetti: Normally a staple of the American diet, lifted from Italy, it is most commonly served with tomato, carbonara, or meat sauce. Since I make spaghetti at home, I always believed in what I thought I liked.  This dish showed me that a very simple, light sauce can accompany the pasta and "show it off" in a way that the pasta shines above the sauce.  A large portion is not required as the fresh pasta is rich and heavy.  The sauce is light, and delicately flavorful, allowing the pasta flavor to come out instead of being more of a "texture" experience.  When presented with this dish, one might think "Where is the sauce?", but when finished the response will be: "I didn't miss it"Duck & Foie Gras Ravioli:  Again, simple in presentation and execution, the difference is in the details.  I normally don't like duck, and find foie gras to be overly rich and intense when served alone.  The blended filling, in just the right proportion to pasta was a grand pleasure and I will be looking or ANY excuse to have this dish again.  Again, the sauce is minimal at best and the dish relies on the pasta and filling almost entirely to achieve its goal.Lesson Learned: Extravagant sauces are used to cover up mediocre pasta offeringsAppetizer Bonus: Creamy Polenta with Fricassee of Mushroom: This dish, served in a moderately small portion was a flavor and texture experience that reinforces the axiom that quality is small amounts is the most flavorful, and healthy for you experience.  Having watched its manufacture on the Food Channel, the secret is in the long prep.  Like tamahagane, it must be nurtured for hours (3) to achieve the complete assimilation of the polenta kernel into the dish, resulting in a creaminess of exceptional quality.All in all, I learned the perception of the Minimalist, the discipline of the Stalwart, and the reminder that food is art in the presentation.My most basic position:  I will look for ANY excuse to visit Scarpetta in the future.Sundries:  As with any restaurant of this caliber, service was impeccable.  Even though I dined alone on several occasions, several people inquired as to my satisfaction each visit.  I cannot say enough.  As a lone diner, I felt as attended to as any other party and normally I can't stand eating alone as one tends to get treated like a pariah.  Not the case here!
5	Had a great dining experience at Scarpetta last night but almost missed it. Tried to make an 8pm reservation on Open Table but were shown closest time available was 9:30pm.  Called the restaurant directly to see what could be done and was told no problem come at 8pm.  Restaurant was barley half full at 8pm so call directly.  Meal and staff were incredible.  Option to add shaved white truffles a gem!
3	You know those few precious moments when you're absolutely falling in love with a dish? Like your eyes roll back and you carefully savor each bite, wishing the experience will never end? It's an ecstasy that only a few restaurants can deliver. This describes my dinner experience at Scarpetta, when I delicately pulled apart my fennel dusted spiced black cod. A bed of tomatoes and roasted fennel added a tangy zest to the fish. My lawd. This must be a dream. It's too good to be true!BAM! Snap back to reality. As I used my fork and knife to draw another piece of that tender cod to my mouth, I spotted a thin black line. Hmm, that's an interesting lookin' spice. Let me tug at it some more. Lo and behold, it was a piece of hair, and it was definitely not mine. The hair was embedded in the cod's skin! I politely informed my waiter of the situation and he apologized, then asked if I would like to replace the cod with a different dish. I just wanted another cod. I wanted to return to that euphoria I was experiencing before my foodie world came crashing down on me when I discovered that unfortunate piece of keratin. Like Forrest Gump says, sh** happens. I understand that, but I'm at Scarpetta. This is a high-caliber restaurant, one of the best in Las Vegas, owned by the famous Chef Scott Conant. It's not something I would expect to happen here. My waiter was professional though, he quickly brought out another cod (since my partner was already done with his dish) and our dessert was on the house. I totally appreciate these gestures. Yet, when my second cod arrived, it did not taste as heavenly as the initial one. I noticed that my second dish came out a lot faster than my first, which meant it was cooked in a shorter amount of time. The meat of my second cod looked a tad raw and it was almost rubbery in texture, not as moist and soft as my first one. There goes my foodie high. Womp womp.The kitchen staff probably invested less time and attention on my replacement dish. I know there was a slight rush to bring out my cod ASAP since my boyfriend already finished his entree. However, I was still paying for this dish and it was executed poorly compared to the first one. This could have easily been a four or five star review. We asked for a table next to the window and the views of The Strip and the Bellagio Fountains were stunning. So romantic and beautiful. My boyfriend and I started our dinner with the Tuna "Susci" with marinated vegetables and preserved truffles. This is essentially tuna wrapped around vegetables. It was almost like a sushi roll, but there was too much going on. We couldn't really tease out the tuna flavor.  My boyfriend ordered the short rib & bone marrow agnolotti. It's cooked in brown butter, horseradish, and toasted breadcrumbs. He said it was good but not amazingly tasty. He was still quite hungry after finishing his pasta. The complimentary Amedei Chocolate cake with toasted almond gelato and salted caramel sauce was decadent. The chocolate was not overly sweet and the almond gelato was creamy.It wasn't purely the hair, but the fact that my second cod was unrecognizable compared to my first one. The rest of the items are pretty solid. The view is the best thing Scarpetta has to offer. And maybe that black cod...when it is cooked properly.
5	Scarpetta was so amazing and the spaghetti was as good as everyone says.  Great service and atmosphere. Highly recommend!
5	Loved their Pici entree --- green pasta in a pesto spicy sauce with lobster. And of course their spaghetti pasta is delicious.  I had their squid and octopus appetizer with fennel and was pleasantly surprised.  Ordered a Manhattan on the rocks and they gave me a big serving .. more than what I expected which was awesome.  Definitely coming back here again when in town.  Prices are comparable or cheaper than other fine dining restaurants in the top swank hotels on the strip.
5	Great place will Definitely go back. Had the grilled octopus appetizer. Had to be the best octopus Ive had. For dinner ordered the salmon omg it was mouth watering and my other half ordered the lobster pasta. Off the hook. 5 stars
4	The food is wonderful here. I came with a few friends on our Vegas vacation and was super surprise. The fettuccini with veal is my recommendation as well as their cauliflower soup.
5	Scott Conant's place in the Cosmo is really nice and the food is delicious. The service was first class, I felt like I was aboard the titanic, haha. The waiter knew his shit and helped me and my buddies pair our dishes perfectly with some wines, and we're not quite wine guys, but we all enjoyed it. The desert, chocolate cake, was so rich and delicious and the caramelized almond sorbet made it. Eat here and smile . Thanks place.
5	This is the best food that I've eaten all year. I couldn't get enough of the  foie gras ravioli and scallops. The cocktails were perfect. I have nothing but great things to say about this place.
5	Having the spaghetti tomato basil here now and it just feels like I'm eating the Mona Lisa
3	Great views of the Bellagio fountains/strip, nice comfortable seating, and good ambiance. All the dishes we had were very good, but none were great.
5	Simply fenomenal! It was my second time in Scarpetta, the first one was in Los Angeles, a few years ago!The pici was fantastic, the service too!My wife asked for the ravioli, and she loved it!The dessert was superb! I really recommend it!
3	We have eaten at Scarpetta in New York and Miami many times and it was simply fantastic. They let us down this time. Pasta wasn't cooked very well. The short rib agnolotti that we had in NYC might have been the best thing we have ever eaten. Here it was just ok. Filling was coming out of pasta and it was very chewy. Hopefully they get it fixed.
4	Chef Conant is truly a culinary star. The polenta shows that he means business. So often polenta and risotto are served with poor preparation because the average person can't tell the difference. At Scarpetta, they are perfect, as is the homemade pasta.
5	A wonderful surprise at the Cosmo! We highly recommend asking the staff to course out th entire meal (serve one dish at a time). A single appetizer can be split into two portions so you can order a bunch of different plates and really take your time. The scallops with foie gras as well as the bone marrow and short rib pasta were our favorites. The pana cotta and mini doughnuts were awesome for dessert. Get a table by the window. The view of the Bellagio and the strip is stunning.
3	Really best Italian, I'll say above average. Really get fooled by yelp. Sorry I was really looking foward to good pasta.
2	I've been to Scarpetta before for restaurant week and it was definitely unforgettable. This spaghetti was delicious. But, it definitely sucks to have such a great first experience and come back the second time to expect great service and not get it. It was terrible for fine dining. It's not how I expected. I was eating the bread and I split it open to see a piece of hair in it and I pulled it out and it definitely was not my hair.  We ordered the spaghetti but it was saltier then before. Our waiter though never listened.  He left before we can finish ordering our food or if we needed anything. And I expected for fine dining that they would explain the food to that you're eating instead or dropping it off. Maybe it's just me but I've been to plenty or fine dining restaurant but this by far was not to expectation. We also had to ask someone for water that should never be an issue, you should never wait for water. We even had stacks of plates that no one came for right away and no one checked on us. Again maybe it's just me but I've been to many fine dining restaurants.  I'm writing this so you can find improvements to better your service. Our waiter did seem busy but still management should be prepared to have more people. I don't know if it's because we have a party of 7 people and gratuity is included that they just decided to give us bad service.If you like desert I'd recommend this place it's the only thing good.
2	After a fantastic visit to the NY location four or five years ago, I was excited to eat at Scarpetta again. Unfortunately our experience at the Vegas location was a huge disappointment. The food was still delicious, but it was completely eclipsed by the terrible service we received, and we left with a bad taste in our mouths despite that scrumptious pomodoro. Our surly server wore a perpetual scowl, avoided our eyes when we tried to flag him down, and seemed eager to flee the table as soon as he unceremoniously dumped our food down, without waiting to see if we needed anything else. You would think he didn't WANT us to order more cocktails or courses. Getting a basket of that delicious bread proved extremely difficult, let alone a second one. Worst of all, towards the end of our meal, three of us had finished our entrees, but two of us were still eating our shared pasta, when the servers started clearing plates, including said hard-won bread basket. They literally cleared every plate from a six-top except the one we were eating from. WHAT?! No. Unacceptable. Rule no. 1. Do not clear until everyone has finished eating! I cringed for the waiter but I was also very disappointed and shocked to experience this kind of service at a high end, expensive restaurant. Needless to say we felt rushed out and couldn't savor the last bites of our meal because everyone else at the now empty table was sitting there twiddling their thumbs. Going to a nice restaurant isn't just about the food - it's about the service, atmosphere, and overall experience. This is true everywhere but especially in Vegas. Scarpetta failed miserably on this front.
5	i cannot wait to go back!! every bite of the duck ravioli was delectable, i cant describe how good it was. i also tried the berry cocktail which quenched my thirst and gave me the buzz i needed. and let me warn you about the chocolate cake...it's dangerous!! (in a good way).
4	Great Drinks, Great Food Presentation, and THE BEST POLENTA on the planet!!!
