4	I grew up with this great Thai place near where I went to high school - it was cheap, fresh, and cheap. It's still the best Pad Thai I've ever had.So I must explain this is why I only give Bangkok Balcony 4 stars. Bangkok Balcony is still great, it is flavorful and tasty, and I've never had a bad meal there. It's just not quite as fresh as the Thai I grew up with. I recommend their curries - the sauces are very tasty and savory. The staff is very attentive and it's always a good time.
4	This is a great Thai place where you can easily share an entree between two people.  Service is quick and the food is tasty.
5	The Balcony is probably my favorite Thai place in the Pittsburgh area: their menu is varied, their service is consistently stellar, and their food has never let me down.  On top of all of this, the Balcony sits mightily atop Norka Futon, meaning there are four "tables for two" that give diners a nice view of Forbes avenue below them, meaning you can enjoy your food with a nice dose of people-watching.For the year I lived in Squirrel Hill, the Balcony was one of my main eating locales (especially since they're open a little later than most Pittsburgh restaurants tend to stay open), and even after moving away from there, I still eat at the Balcony with some regularity.Although the Balcony has been around for a while and has undergone multiple owners now (and several different variations in menu design), their food has remained pretty much the same - which is a good thing!  Their core curries and Thai noodle/rice dishes are presented well and taste flavorful without being overwhelmingly greasy.  Their more exotic fare, although sometimes less filling, are often presented even more nicely and taste just as good.All of the food is brought on oval plates with serving utensils, which sit on your table in addition to everyones' own dinner plates, encouraging sharing of dishes among the party.  Their drinks (Thai Ice Tea and Coffee, and various juices including mango) are a nice treat for fans of Thai beverages.With reasonable prices and a short walk down the stairs to walk off the meal afterwards, there's not much more one can ask for.
3	I was more impressed with Squirrel Hill itself than I was with Bangkok Balcony. My friend and I found this place on a "vegan's guide to Pittsburgh" type Web site, and they were open late, so that worked for us. We found street parking very easily. I was disappointed that most of the clothing stores were closed, because there was such a great mix of vintage and new fashions. I digress. I really liked the layout of BB... how it's on the top floor and everything is modern without being sterile. We both really liked the flatware they use here, and that's something we almost never comment on. They had a good selection of tofu items and I loved how they asked me to tell them how spicy I wanted my food "on a scale from one to ten." The food here is also more inexpensive than I would have thought, seeing how packed the place was and how nicely decorated. Overall, it was good, but I'm biased -- I love Thai food so much that I could eat it all the time. The reason I'm only giving this place three stars is because we both felt a little sick later on in the evening.
4	Good.... didn't know quite what to order. The menu was a bit daunting, seeing as I've had Thai food only twice before in my life. Still, my friend wanted to go, and I got some tasty fried rice and and very good french martini. Definitely a good place to eat.
4	Two words: Thai Samosas. Puffy crispy sweet potato triangles with a sublime sticky honey dipping sauce. Words can't describe how yummy they are. Okay, my words can't.Very nice location, loved to sit by the window overlooking Forbes. Squi Hi, as I called it, is tre adorable.  The entrees are decent. But sometimes the pad thai was hearty as hell, sometimes I was like "where are all the noodles?" I had really terrible service here once. I don't blame the restaurant, just the one guy who had no business being in the service industry. He refused to bring me a side of spring roll sauce (I wanted it to spruce up some some bland entree) because "that dish doesn't come with that sauce". Even though I had already eaten an order of spring rolls! What a freak. Overall, another great Pittsburgh/Squirrel Hill asset.
4	Fresh spring rolls and pad thai!!
3	I give Bangkok Balcony 3 stars, bec. I think generally it's one of the more  overrated restaurants. The food isn't bad, it just isn't the best Thai in the city. Portions are on the small side and the restaurant is pretty noisy. I've been there at least 3 times. The service can be uneven to the point of really horrible.It's also not the freshest or most authentic Thai food in the city. The Massaman curry had a strange sour taste. The green curry was a little better. The coconut soup was okay, but was an extremely small portion. The pad thai was not bad, but I don't go to a restaurant to eat street food. It was the typical oily sweet mess of noodles you find it most places. I would not recommend this place for a romantic dinner.
3	This place has grown on me. I think their spicy scale is on the mild side.... Waitress: "How hot, on a scale of 1-10 would you like your dish?"Me: "What do you usually get?"Waitress: "A 10..."Me: "Ok, give me a 10."I think my glass was still half full by the time I had finished most of my dish. I think their 10 was more like a 7 or 8. But who knows, maybe that just says something about me? :o)Food is pretty tasty, the staff is friendly, and I really like sitting by the window-wall. I think the only way inside is to hike up the stairs, so keep that in mind for the stair-phobic.
5	Sort of biased - ha, but great thai food, and conveniently located on Forbes in Squirrel Hill. Their spicy levels are very precise on a 1-10 scale, though it doesn't get real spicy, and their curries are very good. I think the pad thai is probably slightly better at Silk Elephant - but they are owned by the same people and so that likely varies with the chef for the evening.
4	We have been here a bunch of times. Every time the service and food are great. The drinks are also tasty.
3	I visited with a friend last night and had a pretty good experience here.  The atmosphere is nice, it wasn't too loud, we were seated with no wait (around 7pm) and as another reviewer mentioned, their flatware is pretty darn cool.  The only thing that bugged me is that the lights kept flickering, but that's a pretty minor gripe.  The service was attentive without being intrusive.Some of the appetizers seem pretty pricey, but it's only $3.50 for two spring rolls which were pretty good.  We split a pumpkin curry and the bean thread noodles, both with tofu.  I usually like my tofu crispier and pan-seared on the outside and theirs looked like it had barely touched the pan.  I also thought the sauce on the bean thread noodles was pretty bland and sparse.  But the pumpkin was melt-in-your-mouth delicious and the noodles were generally pretty good.  I've also tried a panang curry, which was delicious but the spice level of 6 was a bit much for me, and the pad thai, which was ok but a little bland.  It seems like the curries have much more flavors than the noodles, so maybe keep that in mind when ordering.The total for the spring rolls and 2 entrees was $31 before tip.  Even though I wasn't blown away by the food, I am looking forward to coming back to try more.
3	I remember when Bangkok Balcony still opened. I was a college student at CMU, right down Forbes Avenue. Lemongrass used to be in that location, and it was pretty good. So, I was wondering what the new place would bring. Well, at that point I was pleasantly surprised by the renovated restaurant still making good use of the 2nd floor windows overlooking Forbes Avenue. The food was tasty and, coupled with the fact that it was close by, I remember coming here all the time. Someone's birthday? Bangkok Balcony! Stress Relief from Finals? Bangkok Balcony! Hungry and Procrastinating? Bangkok Balcony! I went back for the first time in many years this past week and was let down. The food just wasn't what I remembered it to be. It's still okay, and for someone who doesn't walk in with high expectations, it probably will do. I had a very safe dish - the Penang Curry, which was decent but there are better ones in Pittsburgh (Thai Cuisine in Liberty, for one). The rice wasn't really that good either - and really, how do you f*&k up rice? Two of my dining friends had the Pad See Ew, which they really didn't like. One of them said "it tastes sour, like vinegar." While I'm no expert about what ingredients should go into Pad See Ew, the look on her disappointed face told me the vinegar taste was not appreciated. Overall I would give it 3 stars because I think a lot of the experience was tainted by high expectations. Even tho I still like the location and feel of the restaurant, I don't think I'll be going back because I just don't want to waste a good meal. I can enjoy myself much more with the Pad Thai from Spice Island, or the curry from Thai Cuisine. Oh - and yes I admit that I have f*%&ed up rice before, but I don't cook and make other people pay to eat it. Restaurants don't have the same leeway!
2	Bangkok Balcony is a nice spot, but it isn't the best Thai in town.  The tables are a little cramped, but if you're by the window you can enjoy the view of Forbes Ave.The price is decent, but I don't think I've been able to get in and out in a decent amount of time.  Between waiting for a table and the slow orders expect to be there a while.
2	The ambiance in this place isn't bad and neither is the food.  But that's the problem.  Their food is pretty average and not something I'd expect from a restaurant.  I could throw together their curries easily enough at home.  When you add in the difficulty of finding a place to park in Squirrel Hill and how crowded it can get, I would suggest eating elsewhere.  If you want amazing Thai food maybe go to Bloomfield instead.
4	Awesome lunch special. $7.95 for a generous entree portion and salad. The curry is pretty good.
4	My wife & I have been here twice now & both times were very happy with our food. I highly recommend the yellow curry. It's so sweet, but with a slight kick... just right! I somewhat agree with previous reviewers that the service wasn't lightning fast, but our waitress was friendly & it wasn't expecting "fast food," so wasn't disappointed. Finally, while the fact that this place is on the 2nd story makes it a bit tricky to spot the first time, the view is nice as you can watch people stroll around the shops at Squirrel Hill. We'll definitely be returning to this place when we're in Pittsburgh again.
5	The best Thai place in Pittsburgh.This place is pretty crowded and the service is acceptable.But they have great Panang Tofu,Green curry and all other yummy veggie rolls.Their peanut sauce is great and i am actually running out of words because my mouth is watering :(   I would love to go to this place again,when i visit Pittsburgh.And for some reason the name  "Bangkok Balcony" seems very classy and attractive.My friend suggested this place,and i owe him one for this :)-Smriti
3	Nice lunch special & very reasonable.  Don't know what it's like for dinner, though.  Had the chili paste & was asked how spicy I wanted it on a scale of 1-10.  Got a 5 & it was just about right for me. Very filling, too!
4	it's a cute thai spot with some good food.  the best seat in the house is by the back window so you can gaze at the street below and have a full view of the restaurant.  the food is generous helpings of yummy thai food.  i had the red curry chicken dish level 7 spice.  it was perfect.  will be going back.
2	After further review, this placed sortof sucks.  I came again, by myself this time. ( I am not ashamed.  I actually enjoy it.)  The crab rangoon was obviously frozen.  It was cold inside.  If I'm going to eat something bad for me, I want it to be good!  Then I had a shrimp lettuce wrap thingy.  I don't know what it's called.  I was trying to be healthy by getting my vegetables in.  The idea of it is that the ingredients are wrapped in lettuce & you eat it like a burrito.  I chose the wrong thing, clearly.  It was iceburg lettuce.  Way to not only over-charge me, but then be a cheapass & give me the crappiest, cheapest lettuce.  I was not happy.  At all.  I also got a $7 mango mojito, which was ok...not fantastic.  All & all I spent $24 on something I could've made at home, & I am confident that I could've done a better job than them.
4	Had a nice dinner here on a Sunday evening and was surprised that the restaurant provided live entertainment in the form of Thai dancers. All the food we ordered was delicious, especially the pumpkin curry which had nice large chunks of pumpkin in it. As this restaurant is located on the second story, the best seats are near the window looking out over Forbes Avenue. The people sitting at the table next to us ordered a whole fish which was somewhat alarming to look at but apparently tasty to eat! No complaints really, highly recommended.
5	This is the best Thai food in Pittsburgh! I've tried the noodles and curry/rice dishes, and have never had anything that wasn't delicious. The spicy levels are pretty accurate, so you're not stuck with a dish that's too bland or too spicy, depending on your personal preference.The owner here is super nice, and he/the bartenders there make the BEST coconut martini ever. I really crave it sometimes!
4	Not only is it a really nice looking restaurant, the food makes me very happy as well.  I've compared their Spicy Basil Noodle to all other thai places in town, trying to match BB's quality without success.  Thai Cuisine in Bloomfield is the only place that can come close to rivaling BB's crushing awesomeness.
2	Average thai food, nothing really impressive, fairly expensive for what you get, typical below average thai restaurant in Pittsburgh.  One good thing, at least they have some sort of asian wait staff
4	The spicy basil noodles with chicken are delicious. The pad thai is also very good- not as good as the recipe from Pim or Cooks Illustrated that I make at home, but best I've found in the PGH area. The springrolls are addicting, as is the chicken satay with the delicious peanut sauce and sweet cucumber sauce. The Beef Salad leaves much to be desired. Too much salt and fish sauce, not enough lime or lemongrass or cilantro. The calamari is bad, and horribly overpriced. The mussaman curry is delicious- but I hate that they cheap out and give you mostly potatoes and almost no chicken.Overall, the food is very good...unfortunately it's overpriced and sometimes I feel like the owner is gouging his customers on dishes.
5	Tasty curries!
4	Average at best (by my standards - thai classic back home in chicago blows this place away) but Id have to say the best thai I have had in Pittsburgh - thats why I gave it the extra star.    I judge all my thai food by 1 dish - Panang and this was good but nothing that left me wanting more - may not even order it again from here.  Wife had a tofu dish with basil and eggplant - had good flavor.  Dining room is nice and a little more up-scale.  Still a little over priced but for some reason - dining in Pittsburgh in general is overpriced for the quality and quantity of food.  $40 for 2 entrees, a chicken satay and we picked it up as I dont think they offer delievery.  Portions are average to small but that also seems par for Pittsburgh.  I would go back and would not hesitate to take an out of town guest here.  spicy is on a scale of 1 -10.  I went 5 so I could share my dish... I would say 8 is still being safe if you are looking to share with somone who does not like spicy food.  They dont seem to use chili paste but rather red pepper flakes.They also have a bar which is a plus.
3	Decent food, nice space and attentive service. Two in my party ordered the duck curry and both seemed to enjoy it.  Another ordered pad thai, and I had the pineapple curry.  Mine was tasty, but not at all spicy, even though I requested a 7/10 spiciness. We all ordered tom yum soup, and I found it to be not nearly as good as I am used to eating elsewhere.  I also thought the rice to curry ratio was lacking and that the food was a bit overpriced.  Our waitress was very efficient.  My water glass was always full, and it did not take long to receive our meal, have leftovers wrapped, or to settle the bill. The space is pretty large, and they have some pretty cool lights on the ceiling.  The bathroom was clean.  I would come back here for Thai food if in the area, but I would stress that I want to feel the heat and would not order the soup again.
4	Best Thai in the city. Great service, fresh food and now delivery!
4	placed a to go order here last night and our order was ready when i arrived.  mind you i drove all the way from the other side of town just to eat thai food that i knew wouldn't dissappoint.  i had the pineapple chicken thai curry dish.  generally speaking, i dislike peas but they are a nice add to this dish.  spice level was a 7.  absolutely delicious!  my boyfriend opted for the chicken cashew dish which included broccoli.  we both ate every last bite.  we're both fans of the place.  it was good getting it to go too.  it did seem a little pricey being just short of $30 total for both dishes.  it's worth it though- get that thai food fix!  oh and they do deliver now- they had a sign in the window......
4	The seating is great, it's a very nice place for a date.  I had lunch there and could easily imagine being on a very nice date there.  My food was pretty good.  I wouldn't go on a limb and say it was outstanding.  It was good, and it wasn't too expensive.  The waitstaff was helpful and sweet.
4	Bangkok Balcony was really my first foray into Thai food, and it set the bar high. The environment is relatively elegant (particularly for the Squirrel Hill area) and the food is delicious. I particularly remember having great service; some the waiters even started to recognize me, and I didn't go that often! (I also remember the neat, weighted silverware, but that doesn't exactly figure into the review...) Anyway, I was a big fan of this place for all 4 years of my college experience. Definitely recommend if you're looking for a non-hole-in-the-wall Asian food experience.
5	Bangkok Balcony has the BEST Yellow Curry I've ever had in my life. The END!
4	I use to frequent here often when i lived in Pittsburgh - it was one of my favorite thai places and the food was great +1 ! I practically tried out most of the menu here! One of the few places who can actually make it spicy enough for me +1. Service was always good and great place to come with friends +1Inside the place is nice and def looks swanky - however the menu prices are not, reasonable prices! +1
3	This is a solid, middle-of-the-road Thai restaurant.  If you're craving Thai food, this place will probably satisfy, but it's nothing special.I've had their Crab Rangoons (very good), Veggie See-You Noodles (mediocre), and Veggie Pad-Thai (mediocre).
4	This is the first Thai place I've ever been to in my life so this place holds a special place in my heart.  I probably went here for every birthday that I had in Pittsburgh.  I think either my friends are too lazy to find a new place or they know that I'll like it anyways haha. This place is great for groups!  Really nice, loungey environment, bustling yet nice intimate lighting and quiet enough to have deep conversations with the person next to you.  My favorite dish is the chicken pad thai (yea i know) and I usually get a 5 on the spicy scale.  I believe if you LOVE spiciness you can ask them to go off the scale all the way up to 15 (instead of 10).  The soft shell crab here is also quite good.  I've tried other dishes like pad see ew, green curries (mmm good) and their appetizers and everything is pretty good.  I've never had a bad time here.
2	Very cool decor and a nice spot to peoplewatch if you sit by the window. But the part of Forbes between Murray and Shady must be cursed with untasty food spell (ice cream and donuts not included). I tried the egg rolls (tiny!), tofu fried rice (eeeh, I make better tofu at home and I suck), and fried banana and coconut ice cream (YUM! for ice cream, banana - eh)With this, I give up reviewing Pittsburgh restaurants because I don't want to sound like Debbie Downer in ALL my reviews.
4	Incredible!I had the pumpkin soup - a favorite of mine - this was the second best I've had. (#1 belongs to Abay). I also had the tofu platter, veggies were spot on, cooked until soft but still retaining shape, color, and texture.My companion had the vegetable coconut soup which was overflowing with all sorts of veggies and the broth was just heavenly. He also ordered mussaman chicken curry which consisted of big chunks of chicken and potatoes that were simmered in the sweet yet spicy mussaman sauce.  I actually ended up dipping my veggies in his sauce, it was so wonderful.We both got a spice level 9 which provided just enough heat without making your nose run. The staff were friendly and efficient. Can't wait to go back.
4	I love this place.  Lots of vegetarian options.
5	I went back to Pittsburgh recently and went out of my way to come here (again)! Even during the high Friday night crowd, they were able to seat a group of 6 within 5 minutes. Of course, I had a coconut martini, which was as delicious as I remembered! I tried the pumpkin curry with tofu; it was AMAZING! The pumpkin and tofu were perfectly cooked! Hats off to you, Bangkok Balcony!
3	Every time I go to Pittsburgh and I want thai food (which is often) we come here. The food is not terrible. The pad thai is a little on the sweet side and I feel like they play it safe with flavors. The decor is a plus and they are very well equipped to handle large families and groups. Check it out though.
4	I love Thai food and have been coming here since my undergrad days. I must admit, however, that after trying several dishes on the menu, I just keep gravitating back to the Lemongrass noodles with tofu. Everything else feels sub par after you've had that one! The Thai iced tea is great but overpriced. The servers are always courteous, which I cannot say of the bar staff. Overall, this is one of my favorite restaurants in the burgh.
2	Bangkok Balcony may be deserving of 3 stars, but the fact that it's been voted best Thai in Pittsburgh - well, we expected more.  Crab Rangoon, one of the popular apps was devoid of any crab flavor or noticeable chunks.  Instead, it was mostly just cream cheese.  And it's accompanied by the typical out-of-the-bottle neon orange corn syrup sauce.  Would it be that hard to mix up an original dipping sauce?Green Curry with Thai Spaghetti was tasty, but the noodles seemed overcooked and mushy.  Unless they are supposed to be that way, it didn't add anything to the dish.   The curry was good, with a fair amount of shrimp included.  My wife had the Tofu with Eggplant, and it too was pretty tasty, but not special.  The tofu seemed overly fried, with no tenderness.  As far as Thai goes - this is just your average Thai place.  What makes it Best in the Burgh is still a mystery to us.  We don't really see the need to go back - especially since the prices really don't reflect the quality of the food.
5	Hands down the BEST pad thai I've tried in my entire life. It was my first time having pumpkin curry, but I don't think anything could top the experience here. Chunks of soft, buttery pumpkin with a light coconut milk-infused curry sauce. I wanted to lick the plate when I was done.Nice decor, service was quick and polite, and this place is open late. What more could a college foodie ask for?
4	I've been to a lot of Thai restaurants, and Bangkok Balcony is a favorite in Pittsburgh.Being a pumpkin lover, my first choice was obvious--the tofu pumpkin curry! And a good choice it was. Thick, hearty, very pumpkiny, and very spicy. Usually 8/10 is a comfortable level of spice for me, but this definitely got my sinuses going. No complaints from me! The portion was large and the dish was very heavy. The tofu helped to balance it out a little, but I still had a lot to take home. Still, this had to be one of my favorite Thai dishes anywhere, ever.Another of my favorites here is the mussel fritters. It's basically a bunch of deep fried mussels on a bed of beansprouts with a Pad Thai-like sauce. Delicious!Their Panang curry, unfortunately, is thin and bland, and I also wasn't too impressed with the fresh spring rolls. They weren't terrible, but you can get much better at most other Thai places in the 'burgh. But the pumpkin curry...! I gotta give the place props.
3	I've been in Pittsburgh a while and I've been missing good Thai food, so I decided to try Bangkok Balcony (without expecting very much).  Overall, the food was okay (not as bad as I'd feared, but nothing special).  The service was nice and it's a nice spot to dine (if you get a seat by the window overseeing the street).  However, I didn't care much for the decor or the table setting.
5	Love this place!! Great atmosphere, service, food and beer selection! Love pairing one of their fantastic curries with an Anchor Porter. And don't forget to get spring rolls to start out!My favorites are Panang Curry or Red Curry with Beef...spice level 7. If you aren't a curry fan try the Basil Leaf w/Beef.
3	*3.5 stars* Came here with a Thai craving and it was a good fill :) The staff was nice, the restaurant was quite large and we were sat right near the window of the 'balcony' with a lovely view of snowy Squirrel Hill. We asked if they had BYOB since we were actually planning to go to a BYOB restaurant, but the cork fee was $15 so it wasn't worth it. They do have a nice bar, so that's completely understandable. I got the usual, and now I kind of consider myself a pumpkin curry expert since it's the 4th place I have sampled it in PGH. My boyfriend got a sweet potato basil curry with chicken. Both of our heat levels were pretty weak, I ordered a 5 and got more like a 2, and boyfriend agreed. But overall the food was quite yummy, although mine literally had only 2-3 pieces of tofu, which was kind of disappointing.  I would definitely come back here though!
4	This is what a dinner out should feel like. The food was interesting, but when I ordered Pad Thai I got a Pad Thai I recognized. Even though we were in the middle of the room, I could hear my dinner partners. Service was fast and courteous. The missing star is because there was nothing exceptional in my meal--it was good, solid, nicely prepared and served Thai food that I could expect to find in any mid-sized city in the U.S.
4	Bangkok Balcony = nom.  I've never eaten in here, but I've gotten take out twice and it was awesome both times.We ordered a ton of food to feed five of us last week, and still enjoyed a few days of leftovers.  We got.....-Thai Spring Rolls (some with chicken, some with shrimp, some veg) - all crunchy and delish.-Coconut Soup (my boyfriend likes it, I didn't try it)-Pad Thai -See You Noodles-Mussaman Curry-Panang CurryAnd everything was really good.  The curries were a huge hit - I loved the mussaman, but everyone else was raving about the panang.  The see-you noodles (Pad See Ew, essenially) were delish, that's one of my favorite standards.It's pricey, for Thai....well, it's pricey for take out Thai.  Back in Chicago, my boyfriend and I were happily living in the land of $7 curries, and the idea of paying $14 for curry was ridiculous.  I'm bummed that there is no cheaper Thai place near us, so we don't go to Bangkok Balcony as much as I'd like to.  But when parents are in town, or if you want to sit down and really have a dining experience, I think it's worth it.  And it's really high quality and delicious so that makes the price more justifiable.  Sort of.
4	Reasonable atmosphere and prices at one of the few Thai places that serve wine and beer in the East End. The Green curry is good and the Pud is excellent.
5	Great food
5	Best Thai food in Pittsburgh.Eaten in and ordered takeout a bunch of times here.Loved the ambiance of the place.. excellent place to dine with friends.
5	It was only the second time in my life eating Thai, but I highly recommend this restaurant. I had a plate of mixed tempura veggies. Really delicious and it came with some sort of dipping sauce, which was great a compliment. For dinner I had a chicken curry bowl with green vegetables. You choose what spiciness level you want on an interval scale, from 1-10. I enjoy spicy foods and 6 was a perfect heat. I think any hotter would have affected the taste in a poor way. Anyway, the meal was delicious. Tender chicken and crisp vegetables in a curry/milk bowl. Moderately priced at about 12 dollars for a huge bowl of food. Appetizer was about $7-8. The wait staff was excellent as well.
5	Best Thai food that I have ever had!The good was amazing.  We had the dumplings, crab ragoons, and pad thai.  The food had great tast.The waitress was very attentive.The mood was relaxing.  There were candles and it looked over looked the street.  Sit by the window, you won't regret it.
4	Having eaten in many Thai restaurants in New York recommended by my Thai friends, at first I didn't expect much from Bangkok Balcony. But I was proven wrong the minute I was seated by a very attentive and kind waiter. We ordered green curry with chicken, grilled beef, and steamed rice. The food arrived in a timely manner and they were delicious! I wouldn't say that they were the best Thai food I've ever had, but I really enjoyed them. There's the spiciness level, and we chose an 8 I think. It wasn't  spicy at all for me :p The waiter offered us some chili sauce, which made the meal even tastier. We only ordered 1 steamed rice, and it was certainly plenty for my husband and I. We went there for dinner, around 6pm. By the time we left the place (8ish), the place was practically full. Everyone dining seemed happy; a good sign, no? I would definitely go here again!
3	Always have had awesome service. The curries here are decent, but I don't think it's easy to mess up a Thai curry, unless the restaurant is baaad. However, this place is not my fave in Pittsburgh, nowhere close. I would rank, Smiling Banana Leaf, Thai Cuisine, Green Mango and then may be BB. Well, after that remains the blah places (ahem Thai Place). In our latest venture, we asked for an 8, for each of our entrees. One tasted like a 3 another like a zero. The flavors were good, but nothing be wow-ing about, specially at that price-point. I think BB tries too hard to be the "upscale" Thai place and misses out on the "good food" part. I say focus on the food, not the frills.
4	This is the probably best Thai restaurant I have found in Pittsburgh - the Tofu Mussaman Curry is fantastic and the spring rolls are always worth it as well. Never had a bad meal here!It's on the second floor of a building on Forbes Ave in the heart of Squirrel Hill, and if you get a seat near the big glass windows you get a nice view of the hustle and bustle below. It has a great ambience and the staff has always been friendly.The reason I deduct a star - last time I was there with a friend who is also a vegetarian, we ordered a tofu pad thai and found a few small pieces of chicken in it. Probably an understandable mistake, but still sort of unnerving. The service and the food was otherwise great, so we didn't make a fuss about it.
4	Great Thai place.  I go here often and will continue.  If you like Thai and are in Squirrel Hill be sure to go.
3	Beautiful atmosphere but way too pricey! They're skimpy on providing rice and tend to hold back on flavoring their entrees. Spiciness doesn't make bland food into good food.
4	Another worthy member of Pittsburgh's fantastic Thai scene, the Bangkok Balcony doesn't disappoint.  It's a little pricey, but the atmosphere is wonderful; the staff is competent; and the food is good.The pumpkin curry is an especially fantastic fusion delicacy, and having unsuccessfully tried to replicate it at home, I keep coming back for the good stuff.
5	My friend and I went there last Saturday night. Parking, as always, was a little tricky, but we found a spot right across the street from the place. It was filled at around 8 when we came in, but we just had to sit at the bar for about 15 minutes and we were shown to a table right by the window. Definitely try the Thai Iced Tea with coconut milk(?), it's excellent. We started off with the wonton soup, which was really good; there were a lot of good vegetables in it. I had the Panang Curry with pork and I couldn't get enough of it. For every meal, you have to pick how spicy you want it to be on a scale of 1-10. I did a 1, and it was mildly spicy but not bland or anything. The atmosphere was warm and inviting and out waitress was very attentive. The food came quickly for how busy it was. There was no loud music or anything like that. I've been coming here since I was about 12 years old, and it's still my favorite place in Pittsburgh for Asian/Oriental food. Lunch is great, too.
5	This is by far my favorite Thai Place to dine in. My favorite dish is the Panang Curry with chicken. Great eating environment.
2	"I...don't...know...what the hell that was, but I'm not eating it." That was my reaction to the steamed dumplings at Bangkok Balcony last night. I spit the dumpling out, and threw the rest away. They tasted like an old mildewy dishrag or something. One of the foulest things I've ever tasted. Seriously.It was our first experience with Bangkok Balcony. We got takeout, and my first impressions of the place were good. The hostess was nice, and the bartender who gave me my food was also really nice. It looked like a great atmosphere for dinner, as well, so I left the restaurant excited to try their food and already thinking about coming back to dine in.Then I had to ruin it by eating the food:(Perhaps we should've gone with one of their curries that had good reviews on here, but I just wanted something simple last night. I got pad thai, and It was okay, but definitely not worth going back for, and I didn't even finish it (a rarity for me, as I usually finish my meal AND whatever meal my wife orders).We also ordered the fresh spring rolls and dumplings. I already discussed the disaster that was the dumpling order, and while the spring rolls were okay, I'm not sure I'd order them again IF I ever go back. They were poorly rolled and the tofu inside was so ridiculously big that all you could taste...was tofu. One positive was that their brown dipping sauce was good enough to get you through any bland spring roll you could ever encounter.Overall, it's going to be a tough pull to get me to go back. I'd hate to hinge that decision on something as simple as pad thai, dumplings, and fresh spring rolls when their curries get such good reviews. Unfortunately, I wasn't in the mood for a curry last night, and just wanted a basic first taste of Bangkok Balcony...and that first taste was thoroughly disappointing.
4	Our waitress was really friendly and gave us good advice on what to get. The Mai tai  was really good but kinda pricey $8. We got the padthai and duck curry. Both were delicious and so filling that we had leftovers to take home. The atmosphere is really nice and is bigger than it looks from the outside.
4	One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh! Great food, good prices. Spring rolls, See-you-noodles, pineapple fried rice, and pad thai are my go to dishes! The dishes aren't fancy but I have gotten consistently great Thai food here for many years. Staff is nice. There is a parking garage on the corner of Forbes so its pretty convenient.
3	Bangkok Balcony is probably one of the nicest eateries in the Squirrel Hill area as far as atmosphere, view, and spaciousness goes.  I'm not entirely sure that fancy chopsticks and a tasteful decor make up for the priciness of the food.  The awesome service may somewhat balance it out I suppose.While tasty, the food lacked in spiciness despite the fact that my Partner In Cuisine and I ordered a 9 and an 8 respectively.  I also felt the portions were rather small considering the price we were paying for noodles.  I think that we'll return on occasion, but at those prices, I don't think we'll ever be considered "regulars."
4	The upstairs location makes this gem a little hard to notice from the street, but once inside you'll be glad you noticed this gem.The heat level of all dishes marked spicy are made to order on a 1 to 10 heat scale.  My wife and I had lunch here, the meal consisted of:Me Kraab - A little greasy but delicious! Ask for extra cilantro with it, balances out the dish very well.Three Flavor Fish - A sea bass, fried and covered in a spicy sauce. Not too greasy, the sauce was very flavorful, not just heat. (We got it at a 7.5/10 heat)Red Curry - A red curry dish, we got it with beef. The curry was very good, I would highly recommend the dish overall, but the beef was underwhelming - get it with shrimp or chicken. (Also at a 7.5/10)
3	An ex-gf and I used to walk here from her apt. down the street and it was a good pad thai they did.  Then they had the fire and were closed for along time .  I have heard they will refuse to seat 1 person (if you're alone.)  I don't like this policy at all .  Owned by same guy who owns Silk Elephant, around the corner on Murray Ave.Portions are on the small-side .  Interesting interior decor and very colorful .
4	If my friend hadn't suggested we meet here for dinner, I don't think I would have stopped in at Bangkok Balcony due to the dark exterior but I'm glad that I experienced this spot. We were seated near the black tinted window and the lighting made it all feel cozy but a little like we were warped back in time. Also the silverware I was not a fan of (they look like fiddlesticks which are ugly to me!). Anyway...I couldn't decide between the yellow and mussaman curry so I asked the waitress. She said the yellow curry was good but on the sweet side and then her eyes totally lit up when she spoke about the mussaman curry, which was more of an Indian curry and of thicker consistency. I was sold on her description for mussaman and another friend actually changed her mind to order this too. By how excited our waitress was for us, we knew we were in for a treat.Out came a pot of the mussaman curry and a bowl of rice. While the volume looks small, the contents are quite filling. The curry was absolutely delicious (I had a spice level of 5), not too sweet with a peanut coconut curry taste in potatoes and chicken. The potatoes were soft but the chicken was just the tiniest bit overcooked however once I smothered some of the curry sauce I ate it all up. Actually I ended up eating the whole thing up by putting the curry sauce on everything even though I was full!Pleasant experience with the service and extremely satisfied with my dish that I will venture back.
4	It's really good food and service was good also. However it is slightly overpriced.
1	Overpriced and under seasoned.....I tried the coconut soup with shrimp spice level 5 and the basil leaf with chicken spice level 7. For what its worth the coconut soup was only marginally better than the basil leaf mainly because I could at least tell that they attempted to season it. The shrimp however were way overcooked to the point of being rubbery and there were only 3 of them in the soup. Next the basil leaf was only "hot" when the temperature of the food was; so much for the spice levels. It had no flavor at all and tasted like cheap chinese food which is unfortunate because the dish was not cheap. There you have it $20+ wasted on garbage. Dine at your own risk. If you are looking for Thai food I strongly recommend The Green Mango instead.
3	I've dined at Bangkok Balcony a few times. A couple of times, I've ordered one of the stir-fry dishes. The dishes are good but cost a nickel under $14 which is a bit expensive for a stir-fry dish. On my most memorable visit, I ordered a daily special which was served as a whole fish over rice with a Thai chili sauce. The presentation of the dish was rather surprising as they served an entire fish (head and all) as opposed to a fillet which caught me off guard.One of the convenient aspects of the restaurant is that you can rate how spicy you would like the dish on a scale of 1 to 10.There is also window seating available where you can overlook Forbes Ave while having dinner.All in all, Bangkok Balcony is a nice and intimate restaurant but a bit expensive for the type of food they are serving.
1	The worst Thai food I've had in Pittsburgh. The service was slow, but expected for a Friday night. Wait staff is friendly. Restaurant is noisy when crowded. The food was a big disappointment. We had the fish in ginger sauce and mixed seafood with basil leaves. The fish was overcooked, the scallops in the mixed seafood dish had gone bad, and neither dish was tasty. What do others see in this restaurant?
5	Love the food, perfect price range, and I really love the yellow duck curry. The way they mix cocoanut into the curry just blends in so perfectly. Good for large groups to romantically dining with two, it's really an amazing place.
4	Excellent! The staff was very attentive. Food was perfect.
4	So good.  The location is pretty cool on the second floor of a building in Sq. Hill. The food was great and so was the service. Pumpkin Curry and Drunken Noodles were great.
2	Ordered chicken pad thai and the thai wonton soup. Definitely had better. For the price, was disappointed. Still trying to find a really good Thai place in this city.
3	This place is so inconsistent I cannot stand it. They're lemongrass soup is solid - just get it not spicy and spice it yourself.  When it comes to the stir fried stuff, it gets complicated.  You spice it yourself, it doesn't get mixed evenly.  You tell the 6/10 one day and they give you a 8/10.  You tell them 4/10 on another day they give you a 8/10.  Never again because they obviously don't give a hoot about your tolerance.  This place is also expensive, considering that they apparently don't really operate on a spice scale and also, very little meat.  It's all filler.I would give it three, but I grade on curve (Thai cuisine curve) and this one is definitely below average.
3	Tasty food but too Americanized. Menu does not read actual Thai dish names, food is not very spicy (ordered a 7/10 and barely tasted any spice at all- maybe the equivalent of a 3-4/10 at any other Thai restaurant).
4	First timer.  But very good pad thai and salad. Ate there with a BB veteran who highly recommended it.  I walked past the restaurant twice before I found it - but very happy that I did!Large portions - but skip the silverware and eat with the chopsticks.  They are easier to use than the silverware (which is very thin and slippery).Got the spice level "5" and thought that it was spot on for what I had expected.  Looking forward to going back and upping the ante to an "8"!
5	I had the best Pumpkin curry of my life last night at the Balcony. Thank you! :)
4	So my friend loves this place and claims that it has one of the best curries in Pittsburgh.He recommended for me the pumpkin chicken curry while he got the yellow chicken curry. The wait wasn't long at all, because the table we got was right by the window and we passed our time by people watching. At first I was disappointed by the portions but I was pleasantly surprised by how filling the meal was. The chicken was a little dry probably due to the over sized chunks that were stewed in the curry. However, the curry was perfectly creamy and flecked with chili flakes to satisfy my love of spice.
1	Basically, this place is terrible. I ate here last night. Given the location, number of positive reviews, and number of diners I always see there, I expected, at a minimum, a decent meal. However, I was sorely disappointed. First of all, this place is way overpriced: $14 for panang curry (of a minuscule portion size) and $4 for two measly spring rolls. Also, there was a $2.25 extra charge for getting brown instead of white rice. (Yikes!) This is Pittsburgh for god's sake. Secondly, the quality of the food was laughable. The curry was watery, the vegetables were sparse, and the tofu was rubbery and tasted like old gym socks. On the plus side, the service was good. But, all things considered, I would definitely recommend that you pass on this place.
3	Food is ok but service is always very good. Price is on the high side
2	My boyfriend and I went last Friday night.  The service was good; we were seated right away and the wait staff was attentive.  However, the food was sub-par and expensive!  I've had much better thai for much less money at smiling banana leaf, thai me up or nicky's.  Try one of those instead.
1	Terrible. And I can say so with confidence because our group ordered 6 entrees for carryout, and not a single one was remotely good. At $14/entree and with 6 very hungry people, this was a huge disappointment. What we had: - coconut soup- lemongrass soup- basil leaf stir-fry- ginger stir-fry- panang curry- pineapple curry- rad-na- tofu eggplant with basil leafMy gripes: 1. Coconut soup was too salty to be edible.2. Tofu was the deep-fried kind, which meant it was dry and rubbery. 3. Curry was watery and thin, with barely a cup of vegetables per entree. For $14 an entree, this was totally unacceptable. Getting full by eating rice drowned in watery curry is not my idea of a good meal, even at half the price. 4. Stir-fries all tasted exactly the same. At one point, I thought we had ordered two ginger stir-fries. Then halfway through the meal, we found noodles in one of them - this, apparently, was the rad-na noodle dish. Same exact dish, but with noodles. Take note, y'all, this is THE definition of lazy cooking. Conclusion: Avoid avoid avoid.
4	First time at this place for a GNO and I like the food here a lot. I heard some negative reviews about this place from my friends but I actually thought it wasn't that badOrdered chicken yellow curry, pineapple chicken fried rice, vegetable pad thai and a several other dishes and they were all yummy. Do agree with some reviewers that the chicken in curry was very big and chunky. But other than that everything was great
4	Cool in my book!The service, atmosphere, and foods are very good. The staff was very friendly, accommodating, and knowledgeable in regard to the menu.I had the chicken satays and the vegetable pad thai. The chicken satays were good and came with peanut sauce for dipping. The vegetable pad thai was great, and you can choose your hot/spicy level. I will definitely be back!
4	Very stylish restaurant with a great street view. Food can be on the spicier side here which is a plus. Worth checking out based on the price point.
4	My family and I were looking for a last-minute place to dine after our trip to the Carnegie Museum of Natural History one evening.  We had never been to Bangkok Balcony and decided to give it a try.  I was impressed not only with the food, but also the service, the facilities and the atmosphere.  Our server was very efficient and friendly; our food arrived in a timely manner and all the dishes were excellent.  We all eat Thai food fairly often and we thought this cuisine was up there with the best.  During the early part of our meal, the whole restaurant was entertained by two dancers dressed in traditional costume and dancing to recorded music.  Although I've never experienced live dancing in a Thai restaurant before, I thought the music and dance to be very calming and an enjoyable addition to our evening.  Finally, the restroom facilities were clean and hygienic, which I find to be very telling of the type of management.  My only caveat worth mentioning was that the lighting was incredibly dim; it made for a difficult reading of the menu.  But that's hardly a drawback considering the rest of our meal was so pleasant.  Overall, it was a great experience and I'd recommend it to any of my friends who are in the area.
1	The atmosphere is okay, but the food is average at best for Pittsburgh Thai. Prices are relatively high for what you get and it's not BYOB like many Thai Restaurants in the area. Luckily we have lots of other good Thai to choose from.
4	This place is consistently good. I love the fish with chili sauce. I was craving the steamed dumplings but I have a shellfish allergy and you can't get them with pork alone here.  They mix the pork and shrimp so I had to pass (disappointing). Also, found out they do have drunken noodles but in the menu it's called lemongrass noodles.
4	I liked their pumpkin curry. Frankly, of all the restaurants that deliver curry(Thai or Taiwanese), I liked this the best. I'm giving four stars because I found them to be a little expensive for their portions.
2	Great place to go.  Average Thai for above average prices.
4	Food is really great! I had a nice birthday there with a cake from cold stone. Just the waiting time is too long...
5	Excellent!!! This was the BEST food we have had since being in NYC last November.  I I has the Sweet and Sour Chicken and my husband had the Three Taste Fish. Definitely would come back to Pittsburgh just to eat here. But, as a side note the entrance is up a steep flight of stairs. I didn't see any handicap entrance. Please update post I anyone knows of handicap access.
4	This place is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the area because the service, atmosphere and food are always on point.  The quality of the food, speed food takes They're very consistent when it comes to quality of food and quick, attentive service. Recommendations: See Ew noodles are amazing. I usually get 6 for spicy with tofu as my protein (the tofu are like sponges for the sauce) and it's simply delicious.  Green Curry is also great, especially if you love eggplant! Ask for extra eggplant, though, because they don't put a lot normally.
3	I dined here last night with a friend and was excited to get a small table at the window overlooking Forbes-which was great. The food in general is overpriced for the dishes and quality. I got a green curried tofu dish, which was pretty good, but cost almost 15 bucks. I chose a spiciness of 6 and it was perfect, although if I come here again I'd bump it up to a 7 or 8. The staff was all very friendly and the service was great. Overall, though, run-of-the-mill Thai place in Pittsburgh.
4	This is, by far, my favorite Thai restaurant. We order from here often, and I always get the pumpkin chicken curry. My only complaint is that with this particular curry, the chicken comes in larger pieces and is sometimes dry/overcooked. When we ordered this past week, however, the chicken was perfect. My fiance loves their pineapple chicken curry, and with his the chicken is sliced thinly so he doesn't ever run into this problem. His only complaint is that I order it too much! For the few times we have gone in to eat, the service has been very friendly!
4	Very good Thai food.  Tasty without being too overwhelming.  The spicy level (1-10) is right on where it should be.  We had chicken labb salad which was tasty and spicy as we like.  I do wish the labb salad come with sticky rice as it is usually served in Thailand though.  Grilled pork with sticky rice was flavorful which tell me the pork has been properly tenderize and marinated.  Overall, this is a great place to visit if you are in the mood for Thai (or Asian) food in the area.
3	Nice decor.The restaurant is overpriced,at 8 bucks for some standard appetizersand many of the main entrees are ~30"% pricier than typical Pittsburgh Thai cuisinenot enough savoring during this visit to come back soon...
4	I love this place. Sometimes the pad thai is hit or miss though, hence why only 4 stars.I love the lunch specials: soup, salad, egg roll, and dish for $8.25? Perfect deal. Soup is wonderful, as is the egg roll! I don't eat salad but I'm sure it's great too!
3	The food was ok. But the service was disappointing, we came at 1pm on a Saturday, it wasn't too busy, 6 tables two servers.  The server didn't give us water until I asked for it. At the end, servers were talking in the front for a long time before she handed the check.
3	My favorite Thai food in Pittsburgh. However they have downsized their portions a lot over the last year and they charge for extra rice (after they shrunk the portions). Best flavor around but the value of the meal has taken a huge step back.
4	One of my favourite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Authentic Thai dishes, great decor and really good service.  The spicy lime salad dressing is mouth watering good!
2	This was the second visit to this Thai restaurant, the first was some years ago. Three of us stopped for dinner. Seating was not a problem. The meal was just ok. the appetizers were disappointing. The fresh rolls had a sticky and thick rice wrap and mostly pale lettuce. Dumplings fair. The dinner curry was good, as was the beef salad. But a noodle dish was not visually appealing and reported to be "just OK". The server was attentive. The beer selection and prices were fine. I would go to Pusadee's where the rolls are delicate and full of fresh herbs and the dumplings are beyond compare.
4	My friends and I were actually trying to go to another restaurant down the street for lupper (lunch/supper), but it was closed. I'm so glad, because Bangkok Balcony is great!What I really like is the ambiance. It feels classy and authentic, with red and gold accents all around, Thai paintings... We got a great table near the windows overlooking the street. The service was also really good.The food was ok. I got the shrimp pad thai, which is kind of what I get at every Thai restaurant. It tasted pretty typical. Maybe a little pricey for what the food is like, but it seemed like they had a better lunch deal that we missed. I'd totally go back to check out their lunch.
2	I ordered the deep fried tofu appetizer and the hawmok seafood entree. At first the waitress thought it was an appetizer and I had to show her the menu where it was listed as an entree. The tofu dish tasted good. However, I was not at all impressed with the entree in terms of appearance, portion, or taste. It was wrapped in tin foil (which I knew going in) to preserve flavors, and the inside was also then wrapped in lettuce. To me it didn't look that appealing or exotic. It didn't taste terrible but it wasn't to die for and the portion was pretty small. The bill pretty much topped it off. Although the staff was pleasant and did well enough accommodating the large party, when you have food that doesn't look or taste great, is not a decent portion size (at least compared to other like restaurants in the area), and to top it off is pricey, then there is less incentive to express a positive viewpoint or to give it another chance.
4	Bankok Balcony never disappoints me. Been there a couple of times, and it's lived up to my satisfaction. We frequently visit Silk Elephant too, I cannot see much of a difference taste-wise between the 2 restaurants, especially when you compare their curries.My favorites are the red curry, the pad thai, the thai fried rice. Recently we tried the fried fish in chilli sauce, it was a bit pricy (18$) but the fish was very nicely cooked and tender&delicious to taste. I am also a fan of their thai iced teas.I like the seating area, the ambience is trendy as well as casual. Overall, a really good Thai restaurant in Squirrel Hill.
5	Hands down the best thai in the United States. I've been fortunate enough to travel throughout the U.S. and I always order curry and brown rice. The pineapple curry at Bangkok Balcony is #1.
3	Pretty good food. Interesting location.
