5	I stopped in here just to see what was on the menu, and I was pleasantly surprised at the variety they offered.  I decided on a Bacon Blue Burger ($7.95)  with garlic fries to go.  The burger was well-seasoned, and cooked as I requested. The fries were incredible...best I've had in a long, long time.  I spoke with Robert, the chef/owner, and he said they will be expanding the menu in the weeks to come. I'm looking forward to trying their breakfast menu, which is served all day, and includes Steak Benedict, Huevos, Rancheros, and a Santa Fe Breakfast Burrito.This is in the spot that used to be Geri's Olde Philadelphia Restaurant.  They've updated the decor and cleaned the place up really well.  There is counter and booth seating, and plenty of parking..  Give it a try; you won't be disappointed.
4	I made note to check out what Kailyns Kitchen is all about after my foodie radar saw the sign when I drove by it after having lunch in the area. It's right behind Taco y Taco. They have breakfast, lunch and dinner meals. It's Chef Robert whose at work at his open kitchen.  Both him and his wife (Carol?) own the place that's name after their 10 year old daughter (lucky kid!)There is wait service so just seat yourself at the counter or at couple tables along the wall.  They were also getting call in pick up to go orders as well. What appealed to me was the variety of different dishes on their menu.The menu is mostly American fare comfort food. Sandwiches like Grilled Cheese w/Meatloaf and Surf and Turf Burger sounds interesting..trying that next. Dinner meals had Blackberry BBQ Salmon listed.  Breakfast served all day. That's what I came for ..initially.Steak Benedict with Hollandaise sauce.  I read that and that's all I wanted ...at first...then I read Mile High Pastrami...ooh..I want that too!.. same with Bulgogi tacos under 'Small Bites'... random item that stuck out. Oh heck why not order all three! I needed  to use up the Yelp Deal  for $10 for $20  I found on their page anyways.  The Pastrami came with garlic fries..with REAL garlic on it and you can have refill on the fries too. Pastrami thinly slice.  Bulgogi Tacos were regular size serving ..not the mini street taco size.  I liked it especially with the Sriracha mayo. The Steak Bene was my favorite though. The eggs were perfectly poached. I like the twist of having grilled steak w/ hollandaise sauce. Mmm good.  All the dishes were all plated nicely too. I already see this diner fast becoming a  popular spot for locals and especially workers in the area. They were hustlin out those orders for the lunch crowd. The time I was there people coming to dine in were repeat customers. I can see why. The food is home cooked and is good! Prices are affordable. They run daily deals on their Facebook page I was told. Only thing, I just wish they were open longer hours. So I'm holding that 5th star hostage. Both the owners are super friendly, open to suggestions and connect with their clientele. Chef Robert said he'll be expanding his menu..I suggested more veggie / vegetarian dishes :)  You know for #Meatless Mondays right?? Also they'll be expanding their hours soon too. Good thing, cause that Meatloaf w/ mushroom gravy sounds good for dinner!oh..forgot! I had dessert too! Crispy Fried Cheesecake!  Cheesecake filling rolled up in a flour tortilla that's deep fried ( I think)...so good.. I finished that one...also I did manage to finish most of my food too...all by myself.
5	Owners are great. Came from the same town in LA as me.  Used to work in casinos on the strip. Don't forget to check out their yelp for good deals. I would recommend that garlic fries for sure. The coffee is unlimited and free so you can't go wrong there. Not too far from the strip so if you have a car check this place out.
4	We took advantage of the $20 for $10 Yelp deal and had lunch at Kailyn's on a Friday.  As many yelpers note, the owner was very friendly and the service was great.  The wife had the "early dinner" meatloaf, and I had the grilled cheese with meatloaf and garlic fries.  The meatloaf dinner was substantial, 2 large slices with lots of mushroom gravy.  The green beans needed a little seasoning but the potatoes were seasoned very well.  Rosemary was prominent, which went very well with the mushroom gravy and meatloaf.  And, we had leftovers, which I'm sure will be great for lunch tomorrow.The grilled cheese was good, but needed a little more time on the griddle.  Only a part of the cheese reached that ooey gooey goodness we love about grilled cheese.  The meatloaf and bacon went well together, it was a solid sandwich.  The garlic fries are fantastic, crispy and flavorful.  The breakfast menu looked good, we'll be back to try it.  Great prices, solid food, and great service.  Kailyn's is a great addition to the eastside of Las Vegas.
5	First off, Chef Robert at and Carolyn, are absolutely wonderful.  They are very engaging and are extremely excited about opening this restaurant a short 3 weeks ago.  I am very much a breakfast person above all other meals, and I have to say, they will go into my breakfast rotation each weekend.  I had the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs, with a side of Biscuits and Gravy.  On top of that... The coffee was FREE!  The biscuits were flaky yet firm to hold the creamy gravy.  The chicken fried steak was big enough to make you full, yet small enough to prevent you from hating yourself.  My girlfriend had their Mile High Pastrami.  It was a NY style pastrami, which means it is served on rye.  I will say, that I am not a Rye bread kind of guy, I am a big fan of LA style pastrami, but it was damn good!Overall extremely delicious food, fairly cheap, oh and by the way it is a family place that sits 35.   If you are ever on the Eastside of town, and are looking for a fantastic diner, that serves breakfast all day, stop by this joint on the corner of Pecos and Trop.
3	A welcome addition to the neighborhood. Open for breakfast and lunch, they close at 3. High marks for trying but they have a long way to go. Food quality is quite low all around. Cheap food prepared cheaply. We have tried them at lunch and breakfast and all three visits were about the same mediocre quality.
5	My hubby & I love breakfast out & our son mentioned a new place near us, so we tried it this morning! What a wonderful surprise! Robert greeted us & what a delicious meal, green chili & cheese omelet, fabulous red potato home fries & toast for $5.95! Hubby had the traditional scrambled eggs (said "finally-someone who knows how to make fluffy scrambled eggs!") potatoes & toast. Can't wait to return to try more of the menu (which is a work in progress, so don't be afraid to ask!)We returned for lunch & it was amazing! I had the New Mexico burger which is incredible! Includes green chilies, pepper jack, guacamole & a fried egg! Wonderfully messy & I loved the bun too! Our son had the blue bacon burger & really enjoyed the flavors ( & his praise is hard to come by!) with tasty garlic fries. A very satisfying meal for all-definitely will be repeated!
5	Wowzer! I stumbled into this place through yelp. Oh thanks to yelpers!  food here is amazing. AMAZING! Prices are even more attractive! Owners are very attentive and genuine. Definitely my new favorite place!  I wish I live closer :(
5	Follow up:  I've had the chance on 3 occasions to try the breakfast menu, and was not disappointed.  Great pancakes and an excellent Hollandaise sauce on the eggs Benedict. My friend had the breakfast burrito and really enjoyed it.  We  both agreed the breakfast potatoes really made the meal! Oh, and they have FREE coffee with the meal! You don't get that anywhere else in Vegas.
5	I don't eat out much and I don't like to drive so once a day, I have to go somewhere to eat my breakfast/lunch. I'm no big spender so I use modest places near my home (Spencer & University).This used to be a semi-famous Philly CheeseSteak place which was a Mom & Pop operation. I loved this place and used to use it for my minor business meetings and on my own for a quick lunch.When it was last sold, some Corporation bought it and the new operators were unfriendly, the menu shrank, they wouldn't make a custom soup (steak & mushrooms in soup - how hard can that be?) that I would order when I had dental surgery. So, I stopped going there and a feqw weeks ago I was in that shopping center and saw the new business.I went in and tried to order a Philly. No, no Philly, just a basic American menu with FREE coffee (very good coffee) and I've eaten there a number of times since.The food is good - inexpensive - but good and fresh. The coffee is a knockout. The "side" of fruit includes blackberries! And the 2 people cooking and waiting on you are really sweet folks - you can tell they are owners, trying for the American Dream. Kailyn is their daughter, who I met briefly, about 7 years old. Cute kid. Only saw her there once.I not only have received nothing for this recommendation, I deliberately over-tip because I really want these guys to make it. I'm tired of corporations and their slave labor and their $2.39 coffee. This is my new favorite place and I hope it becomes yours (gentle reader) so I can eat where I enjoy being.
5	Wow, is this place good!  A friend told me that I had to try it and I'm glad he did.  Chef Robert made a delicious breakfast right in front of me in his kitchen.  I can't wait to go back and have lunch.  You must try it for yourself.  He uses Starbucks coffee too.  Great good at a fair price.
5	I had a wonderful experience here. Came in for a late breakfast, ordered the breakfast burrito, nothing complicated, but wonderful food. The owners are so kind and the chef/owner is there because of his love of the culinary arts and passion for the joie de vivre that comes with the food culture and the camaraderie. That's what makes all the difference :) go support this wonderful local business!
5	So far I've had one of their Omelets, which had Turkey Tomato and Onion and Guacamole on top. It was one of the best Omelets I've had. Their Hash browns are amazing. I'd recommend everyone come here.
5	Great food and personalized service! Started our meal with a heart warming cup of hot coco, piled with whipped cream ! Everything we ordered looked and tasted suburb! Finished our meal with their homemade chocolate chip fried cookie dough with thick cut bacon crumbles ! Then, per the recommendation of the owner dipped it in hot sauce. So freaking good! It's so refreshing to have a personal conversation with the owners. After seeing other people's burgers we know what we will be ordering next. Nom nom
5	It was just by luck we saw this little cafe.  Met the owners who were awesome!  They just opened couple months ago.  We felt like we were guest in their home.  So hospitable and the service was great.  We were looking to have breakfast and ordered French Toast with fresh strawberry topping & whipped cream and. Denver Omelette. Yum yum yum.  A cute little cafe is named after their daughter Kailyn.  They are real nice people and wishing them the best.  If your in the area definitely make a pit stop and visit these nice folks running this joint.  You won't regret it.
5	This area needed a great little diner like this! Kailyn's has delicious food and personalized derives at a very reasonable price.  The owners are a very friendly couple, one of whom was a chef at Mandolay Bay.  They are only open for breakfast and lunch.  I had the breakfast burrito it it was wonderful.  I'm so happy they opened their business in this area!
5	Great food for a great price, with a thumbs up for the effort.A newly opened family-operated restaurant, who are very open and friendly and make you feel at home. Food was same quality as at the MTO cafe downtown (500 S Main St, Las Vegas, NV 89101) for about half the price.
5	Great food!  The cook is a chef.  Still young a business, they are working on the "total experience."  Hope they do well.
5	This was such a great find!!!  We came out to Las Vegas for a softball tournament and we were looking for a breakfast spot between the Strip and the baseball field. This place is a total gem. This place is a mom and pop joint, and the place is named after their daughter. For those people who like a local, incredibly friendly vibe, this place is totally worth a try. Food was also great tasting and cheap prices!  Free coffee as well. Definitely need to come back when we are in Vegas again. Btw, I wrote this review just 10 minutes after finishing my meal.
4	I ordered Steak and Eggs my girlfriend ordered Eggs Benedict. They have a fees types of Benedict's like steak, crab, salmon, and a few others. They all sound rather tasty next time I go I will probably order on of those. As for my steak and eggs it's was only $9.95 for a fairly large steak, eggs, hash browns and an English muffin. That's a pretty good deal in my book. The service was prompt and personal. The waitress could have presented herself a little bit neater though. Looked like she was just wearing something she slept in. Oh and did I mention free coffee?
4	I'm very tempted to just give them 5 stars but I tend to be conservative and expect a 5 star revision once I work through the menu over time.Btw, the owners said they have a website. I didn't see it listed on yelp yet. http://kailynskitchen.com/Had the Steak Benedict. It was pretty good! The eggs were cooked perfectly and there was just enough sauce to mop up with the hashbrowns when I got to the end. Ordered the hashbrowns extra crispy and they were great.Starbucks coffee was free with the order. I drink decaf, and they were happy to brew some up for me fresh.I was torn between the steak benedict and the pastrami sandwich but ordered the Steak benedict afterall.But I asked if it was possible to order a mash-up ***Pastrami Benedict**** next time. He said yes he's open to that. I'll probably ask if they can put the pastrami benny on rye. I bet that will taste awesome. Haven't done it, just an idea for the near future, but I have seen it on other diner menus before. Kudos to the owners for being open to special orders! Service was fast and they're both friendly.I sat for a bit after my breakfast to relax with my coffee, and the chef/owner gave me a small sample of his house french fries. AWESOME! The house fries are garlic fries, made with real garlic and extra crispy. I also saw a burger order go by, and they look good too. Very hard to decide what to have next.I did another review for a breakfast house WEST of highway 15, called "Mr. Mama's." The quality, price, and atmosphere are similar. I would call this place the best cheap and tasty breakfast EAST of highway 15...and quite honestly I edge more towards this place as my current favorite because of the quirky additions you'll be hard pressed to find at many diners.One example is the fusion korean/mexican "Bulgogi Tacos."Really looking forward to going back and tasting my way through the menu, which I am told, is constantly evolving as they are still so new and learning what works.
5	I found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to try it since it has good reviews and I'm new to the area. Everything on the menu looks delicious, they have free Starbucks coffee and menu items are priced reasonably. I ordered the Steak and Eggs and it was delicious!! The steak was cooked perfect as medium rare, the hash browns were crispy and golden and the eggs were also tasty. Can't wait to return to try other items on the menu!
5	Great place for breakfast! So accommodating and friendly. My husband and I went with our 3 year old and 4 month old. Both the cook and server were amazing! Food amazing! You gotta check it out. We will be back again!
5	Awesome bulgogi tacos! Chef didn't have Kim chi so he whipped up some Asian slaw for my friend. I had the New Mexico burger w/garlic fries, which were delicious! Brought home a pastrami sandwich w/garlic fries for the hubby. They must have been good because the only crumbs left were the ones on his shirt! Will definitely be back!
5	3430 E. Tropicana AVE. Best burger in LV. we ordered the bacon blue burger.  Awesome garlic fries.  They had a special. Great service, food cooked to order, husband and wife mom and pop place, cant wait to go back there to try more from their menu.they also served Free Coffee with our meals.
5	This is a great family business. The food is amazingly good and the employees are nice.
4	Great breakfast! We ordered the pastrami omlet and Denver omlet with pancakes! The omelets were extra fluffy and packed with fresh ingredients. Coffee was fresh and free! Definitely will come back for lunch..I hear the burgers are good! The ambience is nothing spectacular but the food is good! Customer service is great!
5	Really good food at an amazing price. I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for some delicious breakfast/lunch. And the staff was really friendly Best in Las Vegas hands down.Since then I've been here again and it was even better than the first time. We tried the bacon cheese burger and it was extremely good. I swear my girlfriend wouldn't stop talking about how good it was on our way back home. We definitely plan on going back and become regulars costumers.
5	Wowsers is all I can say! Great food friendly service. And the most affordable meal you'll eat in town. The owners are welcoming right when you walk in this tiny unassuming restaurant. I would call this a must stop and only 15 minutes from the airport!
5	Very good place it's like a MA & POP type place foods really good and the staff is really quick for only being 3 ppl
4	Good food at a great price.  The service was a little slow on this visit, but the place was packed and it looked like 1 chef, 1 server, and 1 busser so I can understand.   Don't let the strip mall location fool you, some awesome food here.  I would have given 5 stars except for the slower than preferred service.  I will definitely go back though.
3	It was ok.  I was hoping for better service and few more choices on the menu.
5	Walked in here for lunch on a whim, the place was very busy, which is a sign that the food is good, upon entering the atmosphere is very inviting we were greeted right away by one of the owners I think she said her name was Carolyn. She was very friendly she seated us right away, and we got our drinks to us in a very timely manner. As we started browsing the menu everything was very affordable I opted for the bulgogi tacos, I am of Korean descent and I cab tell you the bulgogi is the real deal for those of you unfamiliar with this Korean staple think teriyaki but twice as good comes with Kim Chee which is similar to a spicy coleslaw the meat was tender and the kim chee was crunchy and the sriracha sour cream was the perfect accompaniment my wife opted for a bacon blru burger the burger was cooked to a perfect mid rare the bleu cheese was of very high quality and the bacon was thick cut and crispy all in all a great burger but the fries the house fries with the garlic and just the right amount of salt. They were impressive to even a fellow chef. A great experience and if I ever make it back to Vegas id love to give it another shot kudos. Also extra points for the chef for his friendly demeanor and thanking us for coming that kind of hospitality is becoming a lost art good to see its still out to be found. Bon a petit my friends.
2	Came here because they had a lot of good reviews and I'm all for the home cooked mom and pop brunch places. But it was just average. I had the steakhouse omelette. Onions were a little burnt and steak was somewhat dry. Could have used more cheese. But hash browns were good. Other people with me had burgers and they were good not super amazing that I would go out of my way to have a again. The Garlic fries were good. Also had the all American breakfast which was good because it was just the basics but scrambled eggs were a bit over cooked. Service was not too great because our waitress was way too disorganized and took 25 minutes to get our check. Also two homeless people came in to the shop asking for money. Everyone in the place made it clear we didn't want to be bother with that while were trying to enjoy a meal.
5	Absolutely the best breakfast experience I have ever had. Kailyns Kitchen is a family run joint that treats all their customers as if they are family. They are so attentive to your needs and their priority is quality. They are VERY ORGANIZED and professional and as complex as breakfast gets, they just get it right. The waiters all top notch and I never use this word, but they are loving too. Can't wait to be back!
4	When I saw the Yelp deal I was excited to give this place a try. We arrived around 11 on Saturday and most of the tables were taken already. We were taken to one of the empty tables and given a moment to peruse the menu.It took a while to decide since they have a pretty extensive menu. We decided on the truffle tots with kalbi, a full stack of pancakes and a basic breakfast combo. The food came out quickly. I also ordered an iced tea. Definitely not my favorite iced tea, but I added sugar and that helped. The truffle tots smelled amazing and were delicious. The truffle was a little overpowering, but I love truffle so I enjoyed this dish quite a bit. I'd order this again in a heartbeat. The pancakes were good. Huge portion and homemade. Wish they were a little more cooked, but that's more of a personal preference. The basic breakfast is the best deal. For only $3.25 we got two eggs any style, hash browns, toast and some sausage mixture with onions. The food was all solid and for the price we will definitely be back. They had very interesting omelets and burgers I'm excited to try on our next visit. Love innovative menus and for that alone I would return. Doesn't hurt that everything was delicious as well.Everyone was very nice and I am happy to support small businesses here in Vegas. Definitely worth a visit. I highly recommend Kailyn's Kitchen.
5	Honestly this place is amazing. The owners are THE NICEST people I've ever met. The food was top notch. I was visiting from LA with a couple friends and tried them out. Definitely an amazing experience. Somewhere id go back for 100000%!!!
5	I came here looking for the previous place which was Geri Cheese Steaks, since I was already here decided to give it a shot had their perfectly named "better than geri's cheesesteak" and it was very good, the bread was perfect also came with choice of fries and I tried their garlic fries which were excellent. I love little mom and pop places the problem is they rarely survive in big cities so please support this place and keep them around. I'm going to try out their breakfast next.
5	I don't even know where to begin with this review, because I'll be quite honest - this place blew me away, completely.  My husband and I weren't expecting much when we pulled up to this tiny little place, located in a strip mall, of all things.  We looked at one another uneasily, but decided to try it out anyway.  And I think it's one of the best decisions we ever made.From the very beginning, Carolyn and Robert were so friendly and outgoing.  We got a warm welcome, free coffee, and menus from which to choose.  And I had a really hard time choosing, because it ALL looked good.  I have never ordered tater tots in my life from any restaurant, ever (mainly because I'm a firm believer that you can cook and doctor them up yourself) - but the bulgogi tots nearly swayed me, here.  Sounded DELICIOUS.  In the end, I settled on a New Mexico burger, with a side of - yes - CANDIED BACON.  Oh, em, effin, gee.  My husband chose a Philly burger and requested that peppers be left off.  His special request was handled, with good cheer.  As a matter of fact, everything was handled with that same pleasant atmosphere.  I have to break from talking about the food for a moment, because the service here was just THAT extraordinary.  Carolyn and Robert spoke with us as if we were lifelong friends, instead of just server/cook/customer.  My husband and I don't usually warm up that fast to people, but this was a glaring exception.  Now, back to the food, heh.The candied bacon was absolutely EXQUISITE.  I have never had anything like it.  Drizzled with a balsamic glaze, it was slightly tangy and yet sweet at the same time.  This is a foodie's DREAM, this stuff.  It was 3.95 and worth every damn penny.The Philly burger has green peppers (left off at my husband's request), grilled onions, mushrooms and provolone cheese, while my New Mexico burger had ortega chilies, pepperjack, guacamole and a fried egg on top.  Both had brioche style buns, very soft and pillowy.  And the burgers were MASSIVE.  There was at least half a pound of meat on each one.  Both orders came with garlic fries, which were absolutely AMAZING.  The garlic flavor was pronounced with every bite.We wanted to take Carolyn up on her offer of fried cookie dough ice cream, but we were both absolutely STUFFED by then and couldn't eat another thing.Total bill was under 20 dollars, which was amazing in and of itself.  All offered tips go into a special jar that apparently goes toward Kailyn's (their daughter, whom the place is named after) education.  Now THAT'S a business I can get behind.Overall, it was just this lovely small-town feel that is lacking in almost every place you go these days.  Amazingly, we met another couple of people from Maryland - 2500 miles from home, in Vegas at Kailyn's.  How small a world is that?If you stop ANYWHERE for breakfast in Vegas, make it here.  You will thank me, I promise you.  And have some candied bacon for me!
5	Very cool friendly people running the place. Breakfast was yummy and for a good price. Small, clean, very good service. Will go back again :)
5	Great family run diner. Good quality food and good service. We like supporting the locally owned places especially when you can tell they take pride in the food they are serving. We ordered the high roller tots, better than Geri's Philly and the BLT. BLT was pretty basic but the bacon is sweetened and that makes it pretty good. Philly was great, although I would have liked a little more mushrooms and onions. Tots were awesome. Oh the garlic fries were really good because they actually cook the garlic so it's not just raw and harsh like so many other places. Definitely give Kailyn's kitchen a shot if you're in the area. Unfortunately we live waaaaaay on the other side of town but would come back.
4	It was bittersweet being here. This is the old location of Geri's Old Philadelphia which has been a favorite cheesesteak place of mine until they closed.  They haven't done much to change the inside as of now but the food was great.PROS: The steak omelet             Interesting menu             Open kitchen/grillCONS: Needs a small facelift inside             I will be back again to take another friend.
3	I don't understand the reviews. The decor is poor. The sitting is uncomfortable. The menu is confusing. I was told the owner keeps changing it. Confusion. The service is ok. I ordered sausage and got bacon. The staff is friendly. Now the food:Coffee is good and free, eggs are ok as well as pancakes, they taste like Denny's pancakes, the hash browns are home made. Will not be back next time will go to "Eat" or the "Original Sunrise Cafe."
2	New Mexico burger?  Are you from New Mexico?  I ask, because no self-respecting New Mexican would throw an egg on a green chile cheeseburger, much less use Ortega chile.  Try actually ordering NM chile, from Hatch, or at the very least, don't use canned.  Not to mention pepperjack.  American, or cheddar, period.  No guac on a green chile cheeseburger in NM either.  Maybe call it the Las Vegas, NV burger.  Wouldn't want people to think that we do this in Las Vegas, NM.  Fail.
4	After seeing the other reviews, I was expecting this place to be packed on a Sunday morning and it was not, which then had me a bit worried. However, we were pleasantly surprised; my first experience was great! The owning couple run the entire show and were very personable and prompt with their service. I was there for breakfast and ordered the Sunrise Sandwich, which is a combination of pepper-jack cheese, egg, and bacon stacked between a croissant. The sandwich was okay, I think anything inside a croissant elevates the goodness of it. I also tried one of the pancakes and if and when I come back, I will be ordering the large stack. The pancake was thick, light, and fluffy, making the perfect texture to soak up syrup! Overall, its not a fancy place, but you'll sure eat well for a very good price!
5	What is there NOT to like about this place?  The longest lasting impression from Kailyn's Kitchen is a legitimate family owned business where their foremost priority are the customers that walk in.The owner/chef, greeted us to some fine breakfast dishes that were too difficult to pass up.  His wife could not be anymore hospitable and friendly upon taking our orders.  So one of the other employees accidently put ice in the orange juice but who cares?  This place has the right prices, the right people, and the right food.  I can't wait to go back on my next visit to Vegas!Hopefully this warm family welcoming will stay around for a very long time.  It's not often you find places like this that put their best foot forward towards everyone that walks into Kailyn's Kitchen.  Keep up the fantastic work!
4	Fun!  The staff is terrific, so personable, although the service could be polished up a bit.  Really enjoyable atmosphere.  Owners run the shop and are very nice.  The food was very tasty.  I had the Country Fried Steak and Eggs, with a pancake.  The fried steak was light, crunchy,with  very flavorful taste.  Eggs cooked  just right and the pancake was big and sweet.  My girl had the Steak and Eggs, and she enjoyed it.  Steak cooked right.  She enjoyed that the eggs were cooked in butter (rather than oil).  She wants to go back to try the deep-fried chocolate-chip cookie dough, with bacon.  We'll go back.  They just revitalized their menu and remodeled the inside decor.  Also, new kitchen equipment.  If you haven't been in the last couple weeks, go again.  Before word gets out, it gets too busy.
1	First and Last Time...... This review is based on the "South West of The Border Breakfast Burrito." Such a disappointment. I was told by the waitress this was a popular choice among the regulars. (False Advertisement) The burrito contains according to their menu Jumbo Flour tortilla, Chorizo, Egg, Cheese, Grilled onion, Seasoned Potatoes, And salsa. Unfortunately the chef/owner forgot to add the seasoned potatoes, salsa came on the side instead of inside (which I specifically asked for inside). I didn't really see or taste the chorizo and it didn't appear to be mixed in with the egg unless the egg/chorizo ratio wasn't proportional. I seen a few pieces of grilled onion after I opened it up to uncover what's really inside the burrito. In conclusion: the burrito was very plain and ruined my appetite. I left half the burrito on the plate despite my starvation. Suggestion: This is a must! -The chorizo/egg ratio needs to be proportional! (It is called a South west of the border burrito for crying out loud) all I tasted was plain egg. Horrible. -Don't forget the seasoned potatoes! (How could u forget this!!) I'm still bothered by this. -add grilled bell peppers & onion (proportional)- Please put the Salsa inside the burrito not on the side unless the customer states otherwise. -Home made salsa may be better choice over "Picante Brand Salsa". -7.95$ is not reasonable priced. (5.95$ if made correctly. ) I really hate to write a negative review. Sorry i didn't tell you in person I was too upset. **Please improve this burrito and allow it to live up to his name without ruining an appetite or mood.
4	I love this place.  It is definitely one of my go to places.  Solid quality food and great service every time!
5	I came to this restaurant mainly for the reviews. They happen to be true. The food here tastes homemade and it's at a very reasonable price. The only flaw to say about this restaurant is that it's slow. There is a cook and server the both times I came here. Don't let the wait ruin your experience.
4	This is a mom and pop restaurant, the food is pretty good nothing too amazing but good.  A little high priced in my opinion for the looks of the place and the looks of the food.  I am always happy to be trying a place run by the owner.I got the eggs benedict and it was cooked well sauce was unbroken good on the man on the grill.  My youngest had pancakes and they tasted like pancakes cant do much with a regular pancake.  My oldest had eggs, bacon, and toast again just like any other breakfast place.
5	Kailyn's has become my "second kitchen" as I go there at LEAST once a week. They've recently undergone a renovation with new furnishings, new paint, and a new look. They've found a good balance with the new menu, and if you are a burger lover this is the place to go.  For something a little lighter try to Chipotle Chicken Club sandwich.  They are now open for dinner and I've not been disappointed with ANY of the entree's.  If you like meatloaf, this will be your new favorite place.  Give them a try soon, and be sure to try the deep fried cookie dough!
1	Great place for breakfast.  Everything on the menu looks good.  I had the Prime Benny and it had to be one of the best Eggs Benedict I have every had.  The hashbrowns was also cooked to perfection.  The place is small but comfortable.  We did have to wait a bit for the food but it was worth it.The only negative was that the workers seem to be bullying a new young waitress which made things a bit awkward.Updated to 1 star from 4.  Unfortunately the owners are not good people.  Threatening litigation and arguing with customers will get you nowhere in business.
5	We stopped in here on our way home and loved finding this little gem of a diner. From the delicious and unique menu items to the friendly/personable service, we couldn't have asked for me. If you stop in don't forget to get the fried bacon chocolate chip cookie dough balls for dessert. Seriously a party for your mouth!
2	Part of my review is based on the service so it could possibly be better. Went here after looking on yelp for a spot by the airport before a flight. Little did I know they were filming the tv show this weekend which was a night mare for us. The service was absolutely horrible, Jon Tafner and his crew wouldn't allow the cook to make food until they finished filming outside. Who knows yelling at a guy would take 30 minutes. Well not actually yelling but Tafner having to change his white shirt 3 times because he sweats. Worst of all no apologies were given to the 8 customers inside that had been waiting (also amazes me that only one person on staff can cook). The food was actually good, only thing I wouldn't agree with is the garlic fries are not a good idea. I love garlic but ehhh not these. Tafner an his crew also made people move seats and tables to accommodate his crew which is about 15 it seems like with camera men an mic guys all hovering over your food. Overall food was good, I guess we just randomly came in when they were filming which sucked. Wonder if they ever changed the name from Kaylin's Kitchen that is one big thing Tafner was yelling about. Oh also he's not a very personable guy if you haven't noticed from the show, he's about the same in real life.
2	Updated review (keeping 2 stars) after having one of the owners message me on here, same guy that was the cook when I went in. The customer service was horrible in my experience at this establishment. Our visit to a mom an pop restaurant should not be over an hour, that is not acceptable. Especially if there was less than 10 guests in the establishment. I wondered how all of the reviews were 5 stars, am I the only one he messages after a lower rating? Just a heads up yelpers! If you don't label this place 5 stars you can expect a message!
5	stopped in there while waiting for my car to have a oil change down the street.this was a great choice! I ordered the Seoul burger it came with home made chipsthe burger had some interesting flavors to it. the service was great (kept my diet cola filled) the people were all nice. I will be back again
4	Great breakfast, i think its the best roasted potatoes i've had in a while. I had the country fried steak and it was perfect, my friend had the NY steak and it was huge...Only down side is the service, the waitress that helped us was a bit of a spaz. food was excellent tho.
5	Great place for breakfast!  Had Huevos Rancheros that were fabuloso!  Casual, quick, and priced reasonably.
4	Been wanting to try this place for a while yet whenever I would come to this area, it's because I'm craving tacos at taco y taco! After reading Shirley B's review, I knew I had to make time to try it. We went in around 5:30, and we were the only ones in there, didn't surprise me though as it seems more like a breakfast and lunch spot. Cute decor, friendly waitress, however it felt really humid inside, probably due to the kitchen being right in the middle of the restaurant. I wish they would turn up the music though, it was kind of awkward hearing the waitress talk to the chef /owner about "making a mess" of the toaster close to closing...when my boyfriend and I knew it was because we ordered sandwiches..we'd definitely come back during lunch, probably not towards the time we first went so we don't feel like we're bothering them.The food was great! I had the hickory burger and my boyfriend had the chipotle chicken club both with garlic fries. Both were huge and also had big flavor, the fries were also amazing and had real garlic on it. Great prices and eclectic little choices like the truffle flavored tater tots w/ kalbi, prime rib eggs benedict, Korean fried chicken wings, and deep fried cookie dough!  I'll definitely be back!
5	They are so sweet in here and the food is good too! We were just visiting from out of town and happy to stumble into such a great local spot!
4	I saw an ad in the RJ for this 'diner' type restaurant. My husband loves breakfast, we like to try new places, and prefer original restaurants rather than chains, and also want to support small businesses.One of their signature items is Candied Bacon, which was amazing. My husband had the Big Piggy breakfast, eggs, hash browns, toast, and a thick slice of ham that covered the whole plate! I chose the Sunrise sandwich with sausage (on a croissant). Delicious. Because we mentioned the ad, the server brought us another signature item; fried cookie dough! A tasty little bite.Before we left, the owner/chef stopped by the table, joined us for a few minutes and told us of his background. Very nice guy. Food was great, as well as the service in a tiny little diner with a homey feel.
4	I've seen great reviews for Kailyn's Kitchen on Yelp and I came across a restaraunt.com gift certificate for them - so, put these two together and you get - a really great meal on the cheap!The place is called "Kailyn's Diner" inside the restaurant. It has the feel of a diner. There is minimal seating. I have heard the place really gets busy on Saturday and Sunday mornings. When my husband and I were there, it was just us and a few patrons sitting at the bar.The service is down-home feel. The waitress was very nice, the owner/chef asked us how our food was. It is like eating in a small cafe, in a small town, except, you're in Las Vegas on the East Side in a not-so-great shopping center. BUT - the burger. OMG the Seoul Burger! "Korean barbecue glazed patty topped with mushrooms and smoked Gouda cheese, and kimchee mayo". This burger was perfectly done - sauce was tangy, mayo was creamy and spicy, comes with lettuce, tomato, and red onion - on a beautiful Brioche bun! Also comes with your choice of fries, garlic fries, or homemade chips. I got the garlic fries - delish! Husband had the pancake platter, which is a little lacking. It only comes with one pancake and one slice of bacon with a small side of eggs. My hubby ordered another pancake for extra.I also had a house salad to start, which was OK. One thing I can say is they included mushrooms in my salad which I LOVE because I always add mushrooms to my salad at home, but it's a rare sight to see in restaurants.We ended the meal with the craziest dessert - Bacon covered in cookie dough and deep fried, sprinkled with powdered sugar. It was OK. My husband did not like it at all so I ate all three. (Fatty fat fat...)BUT - THE BURGER, OMG THE BURGER!
5	This place was one that we selected from restaurant.com and I am sooo glad we did. Although, I'm not a huge steak lover, when I get my cravings I want it at ALL cost. My wife and I ordered the steak and eggs. They both were cooked perfect and NICELY seasoned. My mom ordered these beautiful fluffy pancakes (nice size). We tried the "candied bacon" and although it was good, it comes cold and I prefer my bacon hot. With three orders, everything came out perfect as ordered, and quite delicious. The cook is the owner (Robert) and he was really nice. Nice flow of people and the owner/cook speaks to everyone. If I had to rate something bad, I would have to say the music. Other than that...we will definitely be back. (Dink)
5	Such an awesome little place. Everyone from the customers to the staff were very welcoming and friendly. You can't beat the prices for good food. Sure is better then going to IHOP or something and paying for overpriced mediocre food. Another great thing about this place is you can customize anything on the menu or ask for something special. Something else I like about this place is being able to watch your food being cooked. I will definitely be coming here more often!
5	My girlfriend and I wanted to try something new for breakfast this morning and Kailyn's Kitchen was nearby and looked good. I was surprised we hadn't heard of it before - I'm guessing it's relatively new? It's a small place, and we might have been the only customers there at the time (it had just opened). Staff was very friendly and attentive. I ordered "The Hash" but was told they were out of hash. I can be pretty indecisive, so I was glad when the cook quickly   recommended an alternate: "The CFS." Country-fried steak wouldn't have been my first choice, but I decided to go with it, and I'm glad I did! Over easy eggs were good, and hash browns were perfectly crispy too. Hope to be back soon!
3	Pro- service was good. Athena omelet was very good. Seasoned potatoes were ok. A little too salty for me.Con- Decor is cold. Not hip diner vibe they may have been trying for. The AC was not working too well that day.
5	It was our first dining experience at Kaily's Diner and we were not disappointed.  We were immediately greeted and was given a warm welcome.  The food we ordered was great.  We all loved the garlic fries especially.   The owners were very friendly and made us feel like we want to come back.  It was our first time there but definitely not our last.
4	Pretty good for a new little place they have interesting menu options for foodies. The only bad part is that it is small and due to it being small it gets a little hot because of the grill. But they are super friendly and make everything to order.
4	A bit small and off the beaten path, Kailyn's Kitchen a nice friendly place for breakfast and the 80's music is a treat from most of the other restaurants in the area. Good food and friendly service a good combination.
5	This place is amazing!! Wonderful service and when I say that I mean it!!! This places feels like home. A husband and wife team and they openly joke and it helps make the environment feel comfortable. The owner/chef brought our food to the table. The portion size isn't large, which is a nice change of pace compared to most breakfast spots. I had the "pile up" and my wife had the "Korean Omlet" Both were delicious!! We also shared the High Roller Tots and we both agreed they were amazing!!!!!! If you haven't been here....GET HERE!!!
5	Small place big taste!!!! Had Seoul burger with an awesome kimchee mayor, the only  chili cheese fries in vegas wit great flavor and freaking best bulgogi tacos in the world. Polished off this bacon chocolate chip cookie trio   I'm coming back to try the other burgers and candied bacon for breakfast.  This could be one of Vegas' best secrets
5	Yum! Yum! Yum! Boyfriend found this place via great Yelp reviews and I am so thrilled he did! We had brunch this morning and loved it! We had to have the truffled tater tots smothered in cheese and kalbi - I really don't need to love something this much!! We ate strawberry cream cheese French toast and chicken fried steak. Both of them were out-of-this world! The place has so much character (mostly due to the chef-owner cooking behind the counter and his wife-server who is sweet as can be!). We ordered the candied bacon, but did not get it, which kind of worked out since it gives us the perfect excuse to come back soon!!
5	What a cute diner and great people! Thank you Robert and Carolyn for taking care of us while our car was being worked on. Best breakfast we have had in ages! We will be back :)
3	Went to Kailyn's for a late breakfast/early lunch on a day I knew I'd be too busy to eat until late that night. The restaurant is a mom-and-pop place, and has a bit of a retro vibe. It's clean, and was pretty quiet at the time I was there. I had the Kalbi omelette, which was not as awesome as I had hoped. Now, I like my omelette's runny, but the inside of this one was a little too jiggly, and the outside a bit on the rubbery side. Maybe it was just a batch of odd eggs, or bad omelette day, or I ordered the wrong thing, but I was definitely hoping for more in the food department. I'll definitely try to come back, order something different, and update the review. Service was extremely quick, and very accommodating- I was doing the no-carb thing and had to sub out a side. She had no problem with that, didn't make me feel weird or kick up a fuss, which I am always grateful for. Service would be a solid 4, but that omelette was just a disappointment.
4	My husband recently watched the episode of Hungry Investors which featured Kailyn's Diner, and decided that we would make the trip from Summerlin to have breakfast here this morning.  I'll admit that I wasn't too thrilled to be traveling this far to eat at what appeared to be a little "hole in the wall," located in a strip mall on the corner of Tropicana and Pecos, but we're always down to support small Mom & Pop businesses, so what the hell?Our initial observation was that it's small, but nicely decorated.  No booths, just a few tables.  There were several other diners, but we were able to find a table immediately.  The owners were very friendly, and even had their daughter Kailyn assisting them with cleaning tables, etc.  I read a previous review in which someone's coffee was too strong, but that was not the case today.  I like mine a bit stronger than most, but was able to add a single creamer with just a bit of sugar to make it perfect for me.  My husband grew up in the mid-West, and loves biscuits & gravy.  I'm not a fan, but at his insistence will usually sample just a bite of his wherever we eat.  Let me just say that this was the most amazing thing we ate this morning, and the owner has perfected it in such a way that I nearly ate half the plate.  My husband and daughter both had the pancake platter, and I ordered the traditional Benny (eggs Benedict).  Everything was delicious!  Some of the best hollandaise I have ever tasted, with thinly sliced Canadian bacon, and my eggs were poached to perfection!  The bacon is thick slab, and their hash browns are cooked fresh, unlike Denny's and IHOP.There were several items on the lunch/dinner menu that we would like to try, so we will probably return for lunch or dinner in the near future.  We're hoping to save some room for the fried cookie dough dessert at some point.  I'm also looking forward to trying the strawberry cream cheese French toast, and candied bacon next time we come back for breakfast!The ONLY reason I didn't give them a full 5 stars was because from my observation, they could possibly use the assistance of one additional person to help wait tables, but I presume that will happen once they become busier... which they will.  While we were there, we made sure to tag our location on our Facebook & Instagram accounts, and many of our friends between here and California are already very excited to try this place, so it's just a matter of time.  I'll add that the lack of help did not affect our dining experience negatively at all, and the owners worked efficiently together to serve us in a timely manner. I understand some people may have had a less than perfect experience, but honestly, that happens on occasion everywhere.  We've eaten at some of the best restaurants in Las Vegas & our travels beyond, and have had times where the food or service was not to our expectations, but it's never soured our desire to eat there again.  I would recommend that if you are curious to at least give them a try, once for breakfast and once for lunch or dinner.  It never hurts to support a local family's small business, and you'll be eating a great meal while you're at it.
2	I was watching tv and tumbled across "Hungry investors". it was between kailyns kitchen vs. rambos and kailyns won the show. I live around the area so i decided to have breakfast here.as i walked in, i was immediattely greeted and sat. server brought me a pitcher and a glass. I guess ill serve myself ya? lol. whatever no big deal but she didn't even pour the first one. anyways,  I ordered seoul burger with garlic fries, 2 eggs and pancakes. The burger looked good but i don't like my veggies under the patty and to be honest it was quite bland. Garlic fries were ok..nothing special although my eggs were cooked good. My pancakes were eggy in the middle. He probably cooked it on the hot side of the flat top because one of them was burnt. oh, its hot inside. i heard they just installed a new unit but holy sh** i was sweating in there. Its probably the flattop.Robert the owner was personable and made my experience decent tho. will I return? i haven't decided yet but its more towards to -yes.
5	Chef Robert is by far one of the most amazing chef's!!! The good always comes out hot and Carolyn is a great server!! We like to sit at the counter and watch Robert cooking up a storm!!! If you ever have the opportunity to come here you should!!! You will be very happy that you did!!!
5	This place is my HANDS DOWN favorite place for breakfast in Vegas and possibly the world....nearly everything is made from scratch. The flavor is out of sight and the couple that owns and operates this hole in the wall are just awesome people!! If you haven't been here GET YOUR ASS DOWN HERE!!!!
4	They bang out good food. Waitress was very friendly. Definitely dine here again.
3	First and foremost, the song Happy was played on a loop the entire time we were there. It did start getting annoying towards the end of our meal. Debated taking off another star just because of the song playing over and over and over. Came in over the weekend and my family's experience was less hit and more miss. Flavors were good but most of our food was barely warm. After the waitress noticed that one of use didn't have a plate, she asked what we had ordered and then after checking with the cook let us know it would be about 15 minutes for the order of pancakes . When the pancakes did come out with a side of sausage. The pancakes were hot, the sausage was cool to the touch.     We wanted to try here after seeing it on Hungry Investors. And being a family run business you want to like it, after all the owners seem to be good people. Willing to try again but next time hope for better results.
5	This place was awesome. A little hole in the wall with GREAT food. It's owned and ran by a husband and wife. They were amazing. We're from Southern California and it turns out she's from a town 20 miles from us. Small world. The chicken fried steak was so good. And the seasoned red potatoes were to die for. I recommend everyone go here.
4	We decided to stop in during a recent trip to Vegas after seeing the dinner in the show Hungry Investors. I must admit, the food was amazing and just as the show highlighted the service was slow. This lil dinner could easily be 5 stars if they had better service. I had the prime Benedict and the wide had the traditional, both were absolutely amazing. Even with the chaotic service I still have to admit this was a great stop.
1	I have to say.. VERY disappointed! After seeing this diner on hungry investors, my wife and I decided to see how it was doing. Let's just say there are some things that the "investors" should probably know about. Upon pulling up my wife and I observed 2 other couples walking in the same time we did. Good sign? Not so much.. We walked in and there was about 5 other tables occupied and 2 tables that were pushed together for a "large party". That large party was a family of 4 that, VERY NICELY, pulled them apart and allowed us to sit down. We sat down and observed the wife ( not sure what her name was) was indeed still working there even though I thought the show said she wasn't allowed to work there. Now she WAS working very hard considering the fact that her and Robert( the chef) were the ONLY 2 employees working. We sat never got menus and watched the other 2 couples that walked in with us..WALK OUT! Then the wife came over and said " I just want to let you guys know it's going to be about 40 minutes before you get any food"...what!!! We have been waiting, don't even have menus or water or ANYTHING and that is The first thing you say to us? So we, just like the other 2 couples, decided to leave. We would never come back here simply because it seemed they didn't follow the investors "stipulations" at all! If they did.. They might be able to serve more than 5 tables at a time and wouldn't loose 3 different sets of customers! Sorry but had to share the truth.
5	A nice mom & pops joint!   If you want picture perfect go to I HOP,  you want great  home cooking, I'll see you Kailyn's!
5	The owners here are so sweet and friendly!! The food was fabulous. We went for breakfast and were pleasantly surprised by the quickness and delicious meal. This is a must go! And we are from Chicago so you know we traveled a distance to see these folks!
4	Really great deal.  Coffee was a little weak but dad's 3.95 two eggs with hash browns was such a great deal.  My Korean omelette (kalbi, onion and cheese) was flavorful but will probably not try that combo again.  Fun, chatty owner and chef.  Brightly colored walls and decor.  Good morning start.
5	Great hand breaded chicken fried steak and eggs!
4	Stopped here for breakfast as soon as my party and I landed in Las Vegas because of the good reviews on yelp. I had the Seoul Burger and it was really good. Their Korean tacos were pretty good too. This place is good for families, although it is a bit far off the strip for people that don't have cars.
5	Went Back again today & the food was awesome as usual I had a burger with a coffee type rub ( he has not named this burger yet but i think he is going to call it a java burger) it was juicy and very tasty. Chef  Robert & his wife are always very friendly. If you like different tasting food You will love this place... I Do!!!Try it You will Love it.
5	Excellent food. Get treated like a regular every time I'm in here. My son just loves chef Roberts burgers and fries. I've had a lot of the menu and have not been disappointed once.
3	** Cute little mom and pop (literally, you'll see the whole family there) that serves up decent breakfast food. There's a few Asian fusion items, such as the Kalbi tots, that makes this place more interesting than other diners. **KALBI TOTS: That's where it's at! Best dish on the menu, the Kalbi seasoning, especially the sesame oil, are really pronounced. It's then sprinkled with sesame seeds and green onions. We also got the chili cheese omelet, which was good, but the chili was different, definitely not run-of-the-mill American chili. BF liked it but was a little put off by the strong taste. Hash browns were a little burnt. Breakfast burrito was decent, it was huuuge! I was only able to finish half of it. The couple that runs the place were friendly and nice, it has a very homey feel to it. Their daughter was in the back cleaning up tables. Cute. Place is a little small but clean. It's not in the best shopping center, it's in the same strip mall as Taco y Taco.
5	Amazing breakfast I had an omelet by far the best I have had So so so much flavor most definitely coming back :)
5	I have no idea how to describe the amazing-ness of this place. It is cute, delicious and personable. The staff is friendly and amazing. They know us by name after one visit...we are probably at 30 visits now. My dad always goes in now 3 times a week and he is by far one of the pickiest people I know, not rude by any means just wants what he wants...and this place delivers, and more! I have had the chicken fried steak a number of times...always hot and so tender you can cut it with your fork. The deep fried bacon cookie dough is just genius. Their pastrami Reuben is moist and succulent, I always add mustard and by the time she brought it, I had scarfed half down and apologized I wasted her time, it needed nothing it was delicious, and it took her only a minute to bring it. The Kalbi with eggs is an impressive order for its price and flavor. And they know how to cook eggs! I mean really cook a great over easy...perfect firm whites and warm but runny yellows for the muffin to be dipped in.The Korean tacos and the amount of meat and the flavor was just perfect..as always. I have never had a bad thing here or a bad experience. Everything has been served hot and delicious with a great staff and experience...so thankful for this place:)
4	Tried this place on our way through from Idaho to California sure to seeing it on Hungry Investors. Good good and what you expect for breakfast. The chicken fried steak was cooked perfectly. I would say the breading needs some seasoning. Same with the chicken strips. Price for 3 adults and 2 children was about $46.
4	My first time here. I got the 'slawstrami' sandwich with garlic fries.  It's a pastrami sandwich on rye with a cabbage slaw and a little mayo-type sauce. The sandwich was good, I would order it again. The garlic fries though were really good. next time I come I will definitely be getting fries, not necessarily the sandwich.   The service was decent, it's a small diner and staff. I sat at the bar and watched the cook do his thing. They could clean a little more for sure, but hey kitchens are dirty.  Overall I liked this place, I'll be back to try some of the other items.....like deep fried choc chip cookie dough w/bacon.  That's either gonna amazing or disgusting
5	I had the eggs Benny. It was great. Great service as well. Food came out quickly.
5	The look of the restaurant put me off a little but once I had a bite of their Seoul burger i new i had to make this place one of my usuals and the staff is so nice and friendly.
5	You have to check this place out. You wouldn't guess by looking at the outside of it that its a 5 star quality food diner. But wow!The food is outstanding, I had the country fried steak. And it wasn't the frozen crap you get from most places. It was fresh and tender perfect. I was trying to decide between that and the burger. My buddy got the burger and said its literally one of the best burgers he's had in a long time. He ate it in about 2 minutes if that.I'll definitely be going back and getting the burger next time. Not to mention the owners that run in. Personable, attentive, and genuine care of the service and the food. It's about a 20 minute drive from work. But I will have no problem making this my lunch hangout!
5	Been dying to try this place since I saw a pic posted on FB, finally went this morning, and it was everything the pic promised. I had the candied bacon (OMG heaven) and the Korean Benedict (off the secret menu). And a I can say is - delish!!! It's a little diner off Trop and Pecos, and you really, really HAVE to go!!! The food is amazing and Chef Robert and his wife Carolyn are so friendly and sweet!! I definitely plan on going back because there's a kimchee Reuben calling my name!! It's a small place, but the food and friendliness makes it such a great find!!! Thanks FB!! I will definitely be back!! Chef Robert gave us some complimentary pancakes that were so light and fluffy, they were like air!!! There's several things on the menu I'd like to go back and try, but definitely try the candied bacon and the Korean Benedict w/sriacha hollandaise!!! To die for!!!
5	The food is fantastic, hands down.  The Kimchee Reuben is to die for.  To. Die. For.  My other half had the New Mexico and was also very pleased, but then attempted to eat the rest of my Kimchee Reuben.  No way, Jose.  I also loved the fact that the person who ordered coffee got a tureen of it with it so he could do his own refills.  I've also had the Java Burger--it's a subtle coffee flavor, but it's there---the cheese is so decadent it literally just lovingly hugs the burger.  And the apple slaw? Oh, oh....heaven.The coffee (actually espresso--and yes, made with espresso) pancakes with the chocolate whipped cream are amazing.  Prices are great.You could not meet nicer people than Robert and Carolyn.I have been in Kailyn's several times, and have seen great improvement in a few areas people have commented on--service has sped up, bussing of tables has sped up, music level turned down, temperature just right.  It''s a restaurant that is going through, and has gone through, growing pains.Well worth the trip, non-downtowners.  Remember they don't currently have dinner service so for a Saturday lunch or Sunday brunch, it's perfect.
4	Yelp Talkin'I read Las Vegas' Yelp Talk threads now mainly for comedy relief when I'm really bored but, once in a while, useful tips actually pop up. A recent one revolved around breakfast/brunch places and Kailyn's was suggested by Emily R.  I read her review and that of Shirley B.'s, both Yelp friends with great taste, so a few of us ventured over for Saturday breakfast.  Our group of seven was greeted heartily by the chef/owner Robert and wife Carolyn, who also waited on us.  This small restaurant is located in the shopping plaza on the northeast corner of Tropicana and Pecos. The diner was featured on Spike TV's reality show "Hungry Investors" and won a make-over, so we were informed by Chef Robert that the place looks nothing like what it did when they took over the space a year ago.I had the kalbi steak and egg breakfast, but we all shared a number of other dishes. The standouts:        High Roller Tater Tots- who doesn't love tater tots even if they're not that good for you?  Sometimes you have to live a little.  This unique version is one I'd definitely have again with truffle sea salt, cheddar cheese, kalbi, and green onion.  Share it with your favorite people because this is an ample serving for more than one person.       Pumpkin Bread Pudding - I'm not one to order bread pudding AT ALL, but Ty shared his and darn if that wasn't delicious!  I believe this is a seasonal item.        Deep Fried Chocolate Chip Dough w/ Bacon - another unique item that we had to try.  One order comes with 3 balls of fried sweetness.  They're good, but rich, so it may not be everyone.  That doesn't include me.       Kalbi steak and egg whites with white rice - I thought the kalbi in the tater tots dish was better than the kalbi in my breakfast; I think it needed a little more time on the grill for my taste, but it was still decent.  The order comes with 3 pieces of kalbi, 2 eggs any style, and white rice. I had to take leftovers home because I was too full from tasting everyone's dishes.       This family owned business has a lot of heart and the menu has other unique items that I'd like to try for lunch.  Thank you to Robert, Carolyn, and daughter Kailyn for making us feel so welcome (and so full) on our first visit.
4	I am now a fan of this diner loved my hickory burger and garlic fries!! Next time I am there I will try their breakfast!
4	Met up for another breakfast with Michael U. and Norm K. here. Figures that I'd need people from Summerlin to convince me to try a place just 10 minutes from where I live.Got a little lost in the parking lot somehow. Finally realized that Kailyn's Diner is in the same structure as Taco y Taco, just a few doors down. Walked in and saw my mealmates already seated. Also noticed some people who I figured were chef Robert, wife Carolyn, and Kailyn herself. After looking at the menu, we deferred to Michael for ordering stuff. I could've sat there for much longer just wrestling with the choices. As expected, the order took an overall carb-friendly tone.Biscuits _without_ gravy ($1.95?) were my first taste. They're light and a little buttery, not heavy at all. They would probably go well with gravy. I'll have to try that if I go again.High Roller Tots ($7.95) were next. Tater tots were balanced, cheese and green onions were nice, but that bulgogi was the star of the show. Tender, juicy, and plentiful chunks (not slices) of marinated beef. Definite recommendation.Moved on to Blueberry Pancakes ($5.95 stack of 3). Fluffy pancakes, actual blueberries, a nice pat of what I assume is honey butter, and syrup. I can't see pancake eaters not being happy with this.Strawberry stuffed french toast ($8.90? judging from receipt) was the last non-dessert item that I had. Good crunchy bread, nice whipped cream, strawberry butter, strawberry syrup, and some presumably macerated strawberries. Probably made my taste buds happier overall than the pancakes.Deep Fried Cookie Dough ($2.95, 3 pieces) came out hot, as Carolyn warned us. Turns out that there's chewy bacon in the middle of the gooey chocolate chip dough. Batter could be heavy for some, but bacon bias led me to enjoy it overall.Pumpkin Bread Pudding ($3.95) was truly a case of saving the best for last. Warm, soft while not mushy, and pumpkin-flavored while not over-spiced. Not too sweet even with the whipped cream and syrup.I'm a little disappointed to hear that they may be going out of business by New Year's Day if business doesn't pick up. The food that I had was delicious (and I still need to try that candied bacon) and well-portioned, and the owners seem nice. It looked fairly busy today, so it must be on the weekdays where they could use help. I can see how they might not get people because of their location, but it's at least worth a trip if you don't live nearby.
4	Another Saturday morning get together with friends Chris V and Michael U.  As soon as we came in, we were greeted by the owners, Chef Robert and his wife Carolyn.  Kailyn was at a table near the rear trying to wake up.  :)While waiting for Chris  to arrive, we got coffee and water and we started looking over the menu.  As Chris said in his review, we deferred to Michael for the ordering.  We ordered 6 items--two in each of three courses.  First up were biscuits without the gravy and an order of high roller tater tots.  These two were winners.  The biscuits very buttery and flaky and the tots really good with the kalbi.  The scallion in the tots was a great addition and added a counterpoint to the kalbi's sweet flavor. Course two consisted of more carbs--stuffed strawberry French toast and a stack of blueberry pancakes.  The French toast was good.  There was strawberry syrup but I expected it would be stuffed with strawberries which were not there.  The blueberry pancakes were excellent.  I used a bit of butter and a small amount of syrup.  The fresh blueberries made this the second course winner.We ended with an order of fried cookie dough bites and pumpkin bread pudding.  Hands down, the bread pudding was the winner of this course.  I thought the cookie dough bites were a little sweet and the bacon didn't cut the sweetness.  The owners are very pleasant people.  We were present as Carolyn made Chef Robert repeat himself--twice--saying, "You were right" to his wife.  My how she enjoyed hearing those words a few times.A solid breakfast choice for sure.  Maybe I need to stop in and try some lunch or dinner items.  This would be a different spot for my Thursday hiking group.
5	This place has something for everyone and at reasonable prices. The little things make a difference, from the thinly sliced ham on the Traditional Benny, to to Korean infused menu.The Korean Benny is a favorite for Breakfast, and for lunch the Bulgogi Philly is GREAT with Garlic Fries (which I love since they are served CRISPY).The personal touch we get far exceeds what you see in a chain restaurant. Kailyn's is one of the best reasons to support local businesses instead of chains. They take pride in their product AND service!
4	So, heard about this awesome local diner from other Yelpers.  Robert, the owner, is super personable and it's obvious he takes pride in his food.  He made a point of saying if anything was wrong to please let them know.  Our waitress...I didn't catch her name...was super attentive and nice.I love their coffee AND they bring you your own carafe so you aren't waiting on refills.  We tried the hash browns, biscuits&gravy, maple bacon, and bulgogi sandwich with garlic fries.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  The maple back was the bomb.com.  The portions are large so we ended with to-go containers.  Everything heated up nicely for a great afternoon snack.The inside of the diner is cutely decorated.  Nothing fancy...I loved the blue wall.  This will definitely be on my list of return places.
2	I am a local and found this place on restaurant.com. It's the 4th time I've gone there and 1st (and last time) thru the door. 1s time, they were closed on Tues. Huh? Who would expect that? 2nd time, my fault, my car wouldn't start so we cancelled our plans after my friend drove out there. Today we got there.Asked if the ice tea was brewed. She didn't know..... said it's "how it comes". I asked for a sample before I ordered it (a gallon of tea costs about $1 or less). She brings out, sans ice, about 1/3 inch. Uh, how can I sweeten and taste that? She goes back for another ince. It's ok, I order it. Ordered steak and eggs. Was given the option for rye, white, wheat, English muffin, etc. Took the EM. Food was very good. My friend had a Denver omelet. Said it was "OK". Now is when they tell me, while the coupon sat on the table, that they didn't accept R.com coupons on the weekend. HUH? It's NOT on the coupon. I guess it's in the fine print on their website? R.com will be eager to hear this. Then I got the bill and had been charged 95c for the English muffin I was offered as an option. I questioned it and was told, by the man, that it said so on the menu. Uh, then why was I offered it without that info? I didn't read the entire menu. Then the guy got very huffy and rude and snatched the coupon, our plates (which at this point we were done with but for doggy bags) and said never mind, don't pay, or something like that. About the muffin, he did say "I have to pay for it".... uh yea, your cost is maybe 18c but I should have been told. Anyway, we left a nice tip, didn't pay, and won't be back.Too bad. It's in my neighborhood.  a very tough area for a new business. This could have been my new favorite place. The guy snapped..... the waitress had never been back to the table. I don't think they'll make it if this is their MO.Too bad. This neighborhood needs locally owned little spots. I guess I'll keep looking.
2	Visited for lunch on Sunday after several attempts to find them open for dinner failed. I did watch the Investors show but since I live very nearby and was a customer of previous business I looked this place up in Yelp prior. Which is how I knew about the show. But onto to food and such. We were greeted by the owner/ wife Caroline and she took our drink order immediately. The Mr. ordered the Philly sandwich and I choose the Seoul burger. We both choose garlic fries.I was pretty happy with mine. Maybe a tad more salt on the burger, but it was good overall. The Philly, which I tasted and agree with my Mr. was bland and the meat was seriously lacking in flavor and seasoning. The fries were good though. The service was.... there. She was attentive. Then not. But Robert the chef/owner checked on us and the food was good. Not as stupendous as I was led to believe but I just might go back. I have one issue that I find unacceptable at any restaurant. Lack of cleanliness. The floor clearly had not been scrubbed completely in weeks, the rug by the front door needed to be vacuumed. The silver used around the restaurant is dirty. I didn't get close enough to look at the kitchen. It is open so I could have. I am not saying they don't clean. Just that they need to do better. So if you are looking for a tasty burger and some decent but average garlic fries, stop in here, but get it to go unless you like dirty diner chic. I am going to give the chef credit for keeping a clean kitchen. I hope I am right.
5	I admit it.  I am a foodie, especially a breakfast foodie.  And this is my place, my hone.  The food is terrific with an interesting Korean flair in many of its dishes.  It's a family-owned business and they make you feel like you are part of the family.  The atmosphere is friendly, as well,  Strangers have conversations with other strangers.  We make recommendations to one another on which dish to order.  When you go, you must try the L.A. Omelet made with gorganzola cheeses and topped with peach chutney.  It's great.  Robert, the owner and chef, will customize dishes for you with no problem.  I cannot recommend this place highly enough.
4	Great little place! The owners were there and they were both really friendly. My omelet was amazing. I got the ATHENA with egg whites and I added grilled chicken. They were open to the changes and substitutions. The tomato pesto was the perfect topping. My BF got the chicken fried chicken which he said was really really good. All in all it was a great breakfast. We will definitely return.
4	Have seen many fellow yelpers check in, post photos & leave reviews so we had to check it out. We were greeted as we walked in & we had our 18 month old daughter w us & Carolyn gave her a lil extra attention!  we sat down & started looking over the menu, Carolyn brought a toy for our daughter & came back a few min later to let her babble at her. We ordered omelets w red potatoes. I had the Korean & asked for it to be scrambled. Both were very good & our daughter enjoyed the pancakes. We will be back & I love that she acknowledged & paid attention to our daughter.
5	Went to eat at this restaurant today and I must say that I loved it.  It has that old school diner feel to it.  I seen a few reviews online and couldn't wait to have some breakfast from this joint.  It's smaller than your normal restaurant but it has that at home feel to it.  The owner Robert and his wife Carolyn are very personable and your greeted with smiles.  You don't just feel like another customer. Even when Carolyn is talking with other customers you can get lost in their conversation by listening.  I ordered an omelet and some pancakes with potatoes and the food arrived pretty quick.  How often do you hear...ORDER UP..and ORDER OUT? The potatoes are kick ass.  I wish there were more of them.  As I write this Im wishing I had more.  I thought that was cool.  Carolyn has that type of energy that puts you in a good mood because you get the sense that she cares.  The restaurant is named after their daughter which is a nice touch.  I'll definitely be back for some lunch one day.  If your looking for some great throwback customer service then give this place a try.
4	The family that runs it was great and you can see they put their heart into it.  Very welcoming and Robert was a mad man in the kitchen.We went Saturday morning even though it was busy and they seemed a little frantic you can tell this little Mom and Pop shop puts their all into the food.
5	I got the feeling that the owners (husband and wife team) love what they do. Kailyn's is a small diner which you can almost miss from the street if you weren't looking for it. The decor is very stylish with turquoise and yellow paint and stainless steel and wood accents. The food is made with love. My corn beef hash looked like it was made from scratch. They have some very unique offerings as well like deep fried cookie dough. I'll have to try that next time.What I loved most about Kailyn's is the cook (yes those people you rarely ever see and hardly ever talk to you). He yelled out, "How is everyone doing". He then step out of the kitchen and mingled with the customers. The waitress and cook genuinely were interested in the people they served and talked to everyone. If your looking to be a regular at a breakfast/ lunch spot, this is your place. I highly recommend and thoroughly enjoyed this place.
5	After reading the good reviews, I wanted to try the place out. Plus, a friend of mine told me about Kailyn's Diner and I wanted to patronize the new business of his friends.I had the Kimchee Reuben sandwich ($9.95) and hubby had the Bulgogi Philly sandwich ($10.95). My side dish was the cole slaw and hubby chose the garlic fries. Everything was so tasty. The cole slaw was the best I have ever, EVER tasted! The only thing I would change on the cole slaw is to shred the cabbage more finely. It was coarsely chopped and for my liking, I prefer the finely-chopped cabbage -- which is why I use the shredding machine for that purpose. I use the Kitchen Aid Ultra Power Plus food processor which has a separate cutter just for cole slaw and it shreds cabbage in literally seconds.The Kimchee Reuben was delicious, moist, and meaty. I had a bite of the Bulgogi Philly and it was soooo yummy! My husband thoroughly enjoyed his meal and even commented about the high quality meat Kailyn's Diner uses. He said the Bulgogi was tender and meaty -- not at all stringy like other places that use less-expensive cuts of meats. Clearly, Kailyn's serves up high quality food. I tasted his sandwich, so I can also attest to the tenderness of the Bulgogi rib-eye and its irresistible flavor.We'll be back!
5	Korean omelette was delicious! Ribeye, mushrooms, eggs.  Menu is very unique and I will be back to try more. Try the candied bacon.
5	Kailyn's Diner is the best. We went there for breakfast and it was amazing. I had the all American breakfast, the potatoes were roasted perfectly and seasoned to perfection. Eggs(over easy ) were tender and creamy with the crispy bacon. My husband had the Pile Up. It was a mound of hash browns with bacon and sausage gravy and eggs piled high. The gravy is to die for. We also had the expresso pancakes which were very unique and delicious.  Never had anything like this and we eat out a lot. To finish it all off my son ordered the Kailyn's deep fried cookie dough with bacon. I could eat that all day. It's was the best.  This was such a wonderful experience. Definitely a place to eat and the prices were so reasonable. One of the most enjoyable meals.I would go back again.
5	Great warm greeting when you walk in. Food prepared while chatting with the owners. Could not ask for a better experience. Can't wait to return for the BBQ and Tator Tots.
4	For my final vacation day off, I checked this place to have their corned beef hash.  Too bad since they were out.  Oh well, I ordered their patty with my breakfast and it was really good!
4	Absolutely fantastic corned beef hash! French toast was perfectly done too. One has to try the fried chocolate chip cookie dough!  Very nice family team.
