2	This location is much nicer than the one in Champaign- better lighting, a decent ambiance, and table service. Its a particular favorite for groups because you pay up front and don't need to worry about splitting the bill. The quality of food really depends on what  you order. Chicken, except for the satay, is typically not high quality. Beef is the better choice if you like meat. Vegetarian dishes are quite good here though and they do use a lot of vegetables I like such as zucchini and bell pepper. I like the curries and they are pretty spicy, but lack a certain complexity in flavor present at other Thai places. The only truly atrocious curry, which you should avoid, is the panang, which is almost like vegetables in a thick sauce rather than a curry.Besides the curries, I love the Thai veggie egg roll appetizer- noodles and vegetables rolled in a rice pancake. Beats Chinese egg rolls any day. Unfortunately the spring rolls are not so good. They are assembled bizarrely so you can't really eat them without seeming just a little rude as they fall apart in your hands and you are forced to gobble each piece in one giant bite. The peanut spring rolls are the worst offender, as they are both improperly assembled and drenched in a sweet sticky sauce. Not the best Thai food, but a good choice for groups and vegetarians.Just to warn you, but their tray system is idiotic. You clear your own tray and the rack you put them on doesn't fit the trays well. Glass breakage and embarrassment ensue.
3	I agree, way nicer decor than the vaguely scummy-looking one in Champaign. The price is right, but the food is extremely hit-or-miss - the fried tofu tends to be leathery, and everything I've ever ordered that came with a non-curry sauce has managed to be both bland and cloyingly sweet. The curries make up for it, but make sure you order it about twice as spicy as you think you should.
4	Really great Pad-Thai! Clean restaurant and friendly service.
3	If someone were to ask for a recommendation for Thai food in Champaign-Urbana, I would not send them here. That said, this is usually where I go when I'm looking to get Thai on campus. The staff is always extremely nice and the prices are not terrible. The food is not the best, but it's always edible (by college student standards, at least).The main issue I have with their food is the overwhelming greasy-ness. I've never had a pad thai so oily and "fried" tasting. It's good, but it's heavy. And it's not what I'd consider "pad thai", rather some sort of Basil Thai original creation. The other noodle dishes are all the same way. The main dishes with rice are better, but still nothing memorable. Salads are absolutely not recommended, with greasy meat thrown on top of chopped iceberg lettuce. I have heard good things about the soup, but never tried it myself. What I have enjoyed is their curries. I can't remember which specific one I got, but it is the only thing I remember ordering there that I felt fit in with all the other Thai food I've eaten in my life.The Urbana location is a nice place to sit and eat-in as well, as opposed to the one on Green Street which is far less classy.
4	Definitely my place of choice to get some good Thai food on campus.  I usually go for the Pad Thai or Pad See Ewe with chicken, but their other noodle dishes as well with their curries and rice dishes are also tasty.  There is also a good selection for if you are vegetarian (you can replace any of the meat with tofu or mixed vegetables).  Can't say I'm a big fan of their noodle soups though - I find them kind of bland. Price-wise, at $6/$7 a dish, it costs approximately the same as if you were to grab lunch on Green St., but this is definitely the place to go to sit back, relax, catch up with friends, study, etc. while grabbing a bite to eat if you have some extra time.While they do tend to err on the greasy side, I have never been dissatisfied with an order, and their friendly service coupled with the clean, open decor (much nicer than their sister location on Green St.) is very refreshing compared to many of the grungy feeling restaurants/cafes around campus and keeps me coming back.
1	I'm not the type of person who lets one bad experience ruin a restaurant, I know that sometimes people make mistakes and running a restaurant can't be easy.I went here 3 TIMES, and every time something bad happened.First time I went here, food was good if not expensive, but immediately afterwards I felt a sharp pain of sickness to my stomach. Let's end the story there.Second time, food was alright with no "incidents" until my friend discovered a long black hair in his food. That's flavour country!  OK, so it's one hair - NOPE, there's another friendly hair in his food! The guy working there refuses to give a refund, only offering more of the same food that had made my friend feel like throwing up after his nice discovery. Good business!OK, Basil Thai - you get one more try. I go there and my other friend orders Basil Chicken which is made with "ground chicken." Upon receiving the order, we notice the chicken is "ground" into pieces of the size of bacon bits, not to mention there was barely any of these "chicken bits." So, we ask for more chicken, since it's a chicken dish, and the same douchebag refuses, saying we should pay for more chicken and that it's "our fault" for not reading the description. He refuses to give a refund because "we already paid for it." What the fuck? How exactly would you get a refund if you haven't paid for something in the first place? Genius! No reason to go here, if you crave Thai food - make it yourself and save yourself assholish service and high prices.
3	Basil Thai would not make any one's top ten Thai list if they included places outside of C-U, but it's well worth a stop if you 're hungry in the area.  The space is a bit sparse, yet it's pleasantly decorated. Decent is the watchword for Basil Thai.  The place feels like a gussied up cafeteria with nice little touches.  The curry was...okay.  It was my fault for trying to be super manly and ordering it as extra spicy, and they delivered, but of course that obscured the full range of the curry's flavor for me.  And I went through four glasses of water.  But that's how things go.So if you've learned anything from this review, please remember: Basil Thai is decent, and masculinity is not safely garnered by eating super spicy stuff.
4	This is a nostalgic review, since I used to live in the Gregory Place apartments above the restaurant and ate here ALLLLL the TIIIIIIIIIIME.  And I really only have experience eating the chicken pad thai, so I can't speak too confidently about their other menu items.  Nevertheless, I give them a solid 4 stars.Sure, their Engrish is not so good, and apparently they have a no-refund policy even when customers are furious (although one time, I asked for chicken pad thai and they misunderstood me and gave me chicken satay, and they quickly corrected their mistake when I said something and they didn't charge me, so it hasn't happened to me).  It's quick, it's cheap, it's delicious, and it's guaranteed to cure your hangover.  And the restaurant space is white, bright, and pretty!  Sitting by the window is perfect for people-watching.
4	By non-CU standards, this is perfectly reasonable Thai food in a pleasant order at-the-counter setting.   By CU standards, it's the best Asian place in town near as I can tell; it's better than Siam Terrace, anyway.   Prices are reasonable, and the vegetarian dishes (which is all I've had) have many vegetables not just no meat.  One weakness: they are sadly lacking an eggplant dish.
3	You are a solid place, Basil Thai.  I am glad that you exist, particularly because you give the student population (read: not me) a decent Thai eatery.  That's nice of you.Basil Thai, I walked in at Noon--the height of your busy time--but you just keep churning right through the line.  People were getting their food quickly and no one looked dissatisfied.  Granted, the harried girl taking orders did order me to WAIT UNTIL I GET MY SODA (I was waiting, mind you, I'd just stepped to the side for the next person to order), it was still all okay.The food was really nothing to write home about, though.  The tofu was a little smushy for my liking (I know, I know.  "It's tofu, Heather, is it supposed to be crunchy?"), and while it was spicy enough, it lacked flavor....given that it was red curry.  I was happy with the amount of veggies you put in, though, Basil Thai.  Thanks for an a-okay meal.
4	If you're looking for a go-to thai place in CU or have never had thai food before then this is the place for you.  Prices are right at the sweet spot of 6-11 dollars per dish.  Whatever you order I recommend you have a glass of Thai Iced Coffee with it.
3	Stopped by this weekend while visiting some friends for Unofficial weekend.I got a Pad Kee Mao with beef. It was okay tasting, not the best I had though. There was plenty of noodles, but I didn't think there was enough veggies or meat. The price is decent though. And they are pretty quick about getting the food done.The cashier guy couldn't understand what I was saying when I wanted to get a bottle of water. Just be nice and patient.
4	Quick. Good. Cheap. Pretty large menu. They used to have a location on Green street, but it wasn't as popular.
4	I first discovered Basil Thai freshman year at the University, when I lived at Allen Hall. I'd eat there on weekends with friends before we headed out to hang out and have fun. The first dish I ordered there, Pad See Ewe, I instantly became a fan of. It remains unchanged on their menu, which keeps me going.For the price of their entrees (~$7), you're bound to leave the place happy and content. The thai iced tea, while a bit on the expensive side, is also a treat with any meal. Unfortunately it's price and the lack of free refills (~$2) makes me feel a bit unsatisfied.It's certainly not the best thai food I've had, but it's definitely not the worst either. I remain a fan.
4	I loved the pad thai from this place. It was little too saucy, but the taste was awesome. And I love the amount of peanuts you got with this. They were a little expensive, so that's why I took away one star. Good place to go for lunch though. I frequented this place a lot when I worked at UIUC. The decor is also really cool and they definitely have a lot of room for people to sit inside.
1	My husband tried to change his order literally thirty seconds after he placed it and was told it was too late. When he went to pick up our food, the soup I had specifically requested be spicy was NOT spicy at all and they packaged it up totally carelessly so that most of it spilled out on the way home. When he told them he was never, ever coming back there because of his bad experience, they just shrugged. Since I'm currently home sick and most places are closing and I need spicy soup in order to live through the night I am seriously considering plastering their windows with fliers that say 'FUCKING RUDE ASSHOLES WITH BAD SOUP' after my recovery from the flu.Obviously, this is totally fucking unacceptable and extremely bad business. I order a ridiculous amount of thai food and will never be back to this place - this is my karmic retribution for trying to stray from Siam Terrace.
4	Every dish I've ever had from here has been excellent.  My favorite is the Peanut Sauce Lover, for obvious reasons.  I always ask for no onions, and for a place where it is kind of ridiculous to request that, they have never complained and have always left them out.  It is a bit expensive, so I go there when I'm looking for a treat.
1	While there were some negative reviews, we assumed that the largely Asian clientele would a good sign. Nope! it's been years since we have had Thai food this bad. The chicken was at best dark meat, at worse - cat. I have not had Tom Yum soup screwed up until this place. Yuck!
4	The Garlic Pork is very good. My family picks this as one of their favorite places to eat.
1	This place is bloody awful. I went here one time my freshman year at UIUC and ordered their specialty- basil chicken (with fellow yelper Dan T who reviewed this location as well). The dish was pricey at $8 dollars a plate, but I was willing to give something different a try. Instead, when I received my order I got vegetables with ground up chicken bits that were about the size of the beef you would find in ground beef. I was immensely disappointed so I went up to the front counter to ask for a refund as this is not the dish I expected it to be. Instead, in Engrish, the manager said to me, "you already pay. No refund." Uhm, excuse me?!?! If I paid for something and was unsatisfied, shouldn't I receive a fair refund? Not for this place apparently. Avoid at all costs and go somewhere else!
1	This is the place to go if you're looking for a depressing atmosphere and an excuse to miss class because you're too busy nursing your GI tract. It's a cafeteria style 'restaurant' (I use that term loosely), with cleaning carts visible stacked in the dining area. The food in my opinion is overpriced, overcooked, and well dangerous to eat (I got sick after my first and only trip to this place). Not to mention the small portion size for the price you pay - I mean at most Thai places, you can get another meal out of your leftovers, but not here...I also want to mention how empty this place always is when I walk by (on my way to the Subways, or BBQ joint next door) - never a good sign.
3	Without much competition close to campus, Basil Thai is pretty much the only viable lunch-time option for students craving a bit of southeast Asia.  The setup of the restaurant is obviously catered towards students; much like other campus restaurants, there is no wait staff and customers are expected to clean up their own dishes when finished.I've sampled a broad range of dishes at Basil Thai, and my favorites are the tom yum noodle soup and egg noodle/BBQ pork soup (particularly comforting in winter).  While the pad thai and pad see ewe are good enough to sate a noodle craving, they are somewhat mediocre.  I also dislike the tofu used in their curry dishes as it is plain cubed tofu (soft-ish and flavorless), whereas many places often choose a hearty, smokey bean curd instead.I attend student lunch meetings that are frequently catered by Basil Thai.  The employees are very familiar with our group and the protocols associated with the university (including tax-exemption policies), and they now throw in free appetizers (usually fried spring rolls) when we order. Many of the complaints from other reviewers seem to be primarily associated with food poisoning and (strangely) the basil chicken.  I've eaten at Basil Thai well over 50 times in the past 3 years, and I've never personally encountered food poisoning (fingers crossed?).  As for the basil chicken, I am sure that there are all sorts of regional variations of this dish, but I am mostly familiar with the ground chicken version that seems so revolting to my fellow reviewers.  Google a recipe for the dish and you'll see that Basil Thai isn't using ground chicken just to be offensive.
3	I went there with a friend and was kinda broke at the time so I only had the beef fried rice, but it was pretty good. From what I could tell, the rest of the patrons there seemed to be enjoying their meals as well.There's not much in terms of service or atmosphere and it's not really inexpensive either. Basil Thai isn't a restaurant I'd seek out if I'm looking for a great place to eat, but if you're in the mood for Thai food and you're in the area I'd recommend it. Otherwise I'd look elsewhere.
2	Dear Basil Thai, here is a business tip: this group of 9 people that I just brought in is not the only large group I will ever take out to lunch. By making me wait for my itemized receipt while you (repeatedly) checked out single diners, you are telling me that you value their business more than mine. I will not trouble you with my business in the future, as you appear to be unprepared and unwelcoming to university (business) diners.
4	I was prepared for mediocrity after reading the reviews, but was quite pleased, even surprised. I ordered a new menu item they had on a white board by the register. I can't remember what it was called, but it was very tasty! I got the dish with beef and my friend got it with tofu. She said the tofu was cooked well, and my beef was also very good. The sauce was flavorful, not too salty, and the vegetables were cooked nicely.
3	Don't know why all the hate, it's good cheap thai food. Don't get their peanut sauce dishes, and definitely don't get the spring rolls--they are not the vietnamese spring rolls you might be used to.Stick to the popular dishes and you'll be fine. Their sliced beef noodle soup is just as good as it was 6 years ago.
5	They serve excellent Tong Yum noodle soup.
4	Basil Thai has fast service, moderately cheap food, and a plain no-nonsense decor. There is no table service: diners order and pay up front, choose a seat, then the meal is brought to the table when it is readyThe dishes, of which I've had a broad sampling, are prepared to order using fresh, cuisine-appropriate ingredients. My only complaint is that they seemed to have lightened up on the seasonings in my favorite dishes since they moved to Urbana. However, they provide fish sauce, soy sauce, and hot chile sauce for those who want to spice it up a bit.In spite of the plain decor I've given this restaurant four stars because it succeeds in being what it is-- a fast, fresh, tasty presentation of Thai food.I'd like to address a comment from other reviewers regarding the use of ground chicken in their Basil Chicken (one of my favorite dishes). Like it or not, ground chicken *is* appropriate in that dish; I make it at home using authentic recipes and that is what is called for. Furthermore, cuisines the world 'round feature ground meat, often but not exclusively in the form of sausage. To rant about ground meat, though mildly humorous, shows a distinct lack of familiarity with food in general and this Thai dish in particular. But I suppose that is one of the hazards of user-submitted reviews.
3	The food was quickly served and service was nice, but the food was a little eh.  Had Pad Thai (eh) and Pad Kee Mao (spicy, but lacked significant protein).  Easy spot close to campus, but there are probably better Thai places around the area.
4	I discovered Basil Thai on a visit to UIUC in high school.  At the time, I was just getting into Thai food, so I had very little experience with it.  I got the pad thai and thought, "Wow this is really good!"  Well, over the years, I've eaten a lot more Thai food and my opinion of Basil Thai has gone down.  But don't get me wrong, I'm not a Thai food elitist (I save that for sushi) and I still do enjoy eating here.I used to only get the pad thai here, but now my go-to dish is one of the salads, yum moo I believe it's called.  Lots of lettuce, topped with thinly sliced pork, with a delicious and somewhat spicy dressing.  I definitely recommend it.  I've sampled other dishes as well, and they're all pretty tasty.  Not the best Thai I've had, but I still keep going back.  It helps that it's cheap!In general, I've always had a good experience here.  The food is made relatively quickly and it's always come as I've ordered.  I've come a few times with large groups (12-14 people) and it's actually pretty nice to not have to deal with waiter service.  There's no wait for a table (assuming you can push some together, but you usually can) and no issues with getting separate checks or dealing with tips.  If you're looking for top of the line Thai food, you should probably keep looking.  But if you're looking for a quick Thai fix, definitely give Basil Thai a try.
5	Peanut Sauce Lover, Pork, Extra Spicy - it's the best and I can't find it anywhere else! Almost worth the road trip...
3	Basil Thai is a decent Asian eatery on campus. It's very convenient for the Urbana-side dormers or residents as it is right between the Allen and the ISR dormitories.They've got most of the staple Thai items, from the egg/spring rolls, to the pad thais/pad se-ews, to the curries and salads. Thai iced tea is always a great to-go option as well. I think Basil Thai offers quick turnaround times for your orders, convenience, and affordable prices for the college kids. It really deserves four stars if Golden Wok had not existed.
1	AWFUL. I used to go here as an undergrad and recently paid them a visit. I was going to Krannert for a play and was running a bit late for a full fledge sit down restaurant, and I thought Basil Thai would be a fair compromise given their proximity and relatively quick serve. I ordered their Massaman Curry and it was just plain awful. The rice was cooked too long and was on it way to becoming congee. The curry itself was tasteless, way too salty, and over spiced to the point of being bitter. The pork was over cooked. I took about two bites and tossed the entire thing. Complete waste of like $9.
2	Alright, Sorry, but I would have to not recommend coming to this place. The problem with it is that 1) the portions are so small for such a mediocre price range, the couple times I've been the curry just has not been very good. I've ordered the Pad Thai and well, it's been alright, but the beef  was overcooked, and honestly Golden Wok is pretty much a better padthai / pad see ew place.
1	Don't do it.  We were sorely disappointed.  I love me some panang curry- this tasted nothing resembling panang curry.  The service was abominably slow for a place where you order at the counter.  My husband had sweet and sour chicken - or at least that's what they called it.  There are better places in town with better food, service and prices.
4	So good and so cheap. Only downside is that you have to bus your own tables, but that comes with any college town restaurant.  I recommend the pad see ew.
4	I go to this place with my friends all the time. :) My favorite dish is their Lad Nar with beef, and I always get a glass of their Thai iced tea.
4	Good place because its easy to find a table here. I order rice and curry dishes which are good. My girlfriend orders thai dishes and likes them. She is thai and likes the place because it reminds her of her mom's cooking. The dishes are average priced and sometimes the lunch rush is crazy.
4	The classic Pad Thai is really good (and makes excellent leftovers), some people say it is a little sweet and it is but still really tasty.The thai tea with milk though is super delicious, I recommend everyone try it!
4	The restaurant itself is well decorated and very clean. It is located on the border if Urbana and Champaign, which may be a little far for some students. However, there is always a dinner rush. That itself speaks volume of it's food quality. The speed of which they prepare your food is pretty fast, considering how each dish is freshly made. Though it may appear slightly princely compare to other restaurants on UIUC campus, it is well worth the extra dollar or two, especially if you like spicy Asian cuisine.I almost always get their Thai ice tea, which still taste sweet upon dilution with a cup if water. My personal favorite is their Tom Yum noodle soups since I am a sucker for noodle soups. Their deserts are also delicate in comparison to other places nearby and will not disappoint! I highly recommend coming here!
1	Food is not bad. But staff is not friendly. Closed at 9:30 pm, but take out only after 9.
4	I have only ever had the tom yum soup and a couple of appetizers, but they were all delicious!I love everything about this place except that you bus your own table. Cleaning up after myself is not the problem- other peoples messes are. Usually they get cleaned up quickly, but not always. Overall, I would recommend.
4	The service is good. Like the pad Thai with ground chicken and veggie& tofu red curry. Prefer 4-star spicy.
2	Pretty lack-luster on all fronts and not worth the trip. I've eaten here probably a dozen times as it's close to where I work, but it's always a disappointment. Depressing atmosphere that smells strongly of the Subway next door. It's not particularly appetizing, unless you're really into subway (and in that case, just go to the subway). Be prepared to wait for a long time for your food during peak hours--despite being a walk up and order kind of place, it's definitely not fast food. Curry is the worst with very little flavor. Pad Thai is so oily. Two high points: Cashew chicken and vegetable noodle soup. The veggie noodle soup is bland (kind of my expectation for noodle soup...) but it's reliable, filling, and cheap! And the cashew chicken has pineapple. Yum.
1	Unpleasantly surprised by the mushiness of my pad Thai. I've never had bad pad Thai before. A little pricey (over $9) for such untasty food. Abrupt service, but it came out quickly and is convenient for study grub.
4	I love Basil Thai. It's a bit a ways from Green Street but I'd trek here for Thai over Bangkok Thai. That said, Basil doesn't belong in the better Thai food category. But it's pretty damn good. A bit too salty, but I love it for not being goopy as some other Thai restaurants do their food.
2	We were in Urbana for our son's violin lesson, and decided to stop here. I'm frankly in no hurry to come back. This is a very "do it yourself" sort of place. I'd rate the service, but the only thing exceptional about it was its absence. You order and pay up front and bus your own table, which is kind of at odds with the menu and prices. I ordered the Mussamun curry, which is my favorite Thai dish. I've never been disappointed until today. It was weirdly tangy, and missing both the sweetness and spiciness I generally expect. My wife enjoyed her Pad Thai, but it tasted really oily to me, with too much cabbage. There's no kids' menu, so we had to improvise. We got them chicken fried rice to share. Funny enough, this was far and away the best dish we tasted tonight. It was legitimately good, and about the only thing saving it from 1-star.It's disappointing... I expected to get much better Thai food in Champaign/Urbana than I get in Bloomington.
3	Food is okay. Relatively cheap and also quick.  Location is good within walk distance for a lot of department
2	Mediocre restaurant for the wait...ordered takeout Pad Thai and had to wait 20 minutes. Be warned.
4	I won't say this place has amazing Thai food, but it's cheap and quick and good. I like the peanut sauce lover's dish, as well as their curry. And try the pad kee mao! Come here when you're craving Thai but don't feel like going fancy. You'll be satisfied, if not overly pleased.
