3	There's not much selection at the airport when you want something that seems at least a little made to order.  Anywayz, I was craving an assortment of food since I hadn't eaten all day, so I went to Ruby's and got a Chicken Cesar and Chili Cheese Fries.  The food took a while since I guess they don't make it til we order it?  But they forgot the onions on my fries!  WTF?!  Other than that, the food was pretty good for airport food.
2	Bleh...The epitome of icky airport food.  I've been to Ruby's many a time back in SoCal. I figured of my choices at the D gate, Ruby's was my best shot at cheap but decent. Wrong!... I ordered a grilled cheese w/ tomato.... They forgot the tomato :( The bread was cold and soggy and didn't seem very grilled. I also ordered fried zucchini which were good but DAMN... cool those things off before you serve them. I annihilated my mouth with one of those... They were way to hot. My opinion on this place is: Walk on By. Pay exorbitant prices for crummy food somewhere else...
1	Bleh bleh bleh bleh bleh!I was in the D gate and starving, and this seemed closest to what I wanted. I figured, "hey, it's ok Adrian, this cheese burger is 10 bucks but I bet it's super bomb and they probably give you fries with it or something."How very, truly wrong I was. 10 bucks bought me the grossest, COLDEST cheese burger I've ever had, with a very pathetic pickle. It was honestly the worst burger I've ever tasted. I wish I could go back in time to when I was ordering the food. "What can I get you?" they'd say. "NOTHING!" I would scream. "Because I hate you."
2	Instead of gagging on CPK fare, I gagged on Ruby's egg muffin instead. At the height of the breakfast hour, I was served a rubbery egg sandwich with coagulated cheese and cold bacon. How dare they charge almost $7 for that crap!
2	I was really looking forward to a burger after a a long rough weekend in Vegas. I remember eating at Ruby's when I lived in San Diego so I was excited. Ill say that maybe i've had alot of good burgers in the mean time I guess but i wasn't all that impressed with the burger. Maybe its because they have to crank out a ton at the airport so they skimp on quality, but I remember them being much better. I will say that the onion rings were gigantic and will most likely kill you, but they looked delicious. If you're in a pinch at the airport give Ruby's a try, because burger king is about your only other burger option.
4	It was open at 4:45 am!!!!!  Awesome.  We had a super early flight and were nervous that we would not be able to find any place open.  Luckily there was Ruby's.  Yes it was really expensive for two breakfast sandwiches, homefries and drinks but it was worth it. I was happy that we got to sit in a restaurant to pass the time and actually be able to eat decent food.
3	While typical of any airport eatery, the prices are high; $7+ for a bowl of soup, but they do offer employees 20% off. I had an order of fried zuchini, which was pretty good. For $5.50 it was a decent serving size and was garnished with parm cheese. Now, who can go wrong with a bit of parm cheese?!Their fries are super thin, they call them shoestring, but they are not quite that thin. I like my fries thick, so I'm not a fan of the fries. Maybe I'd like them better smothered with chili and cheese, tho ($8).I really appreciate that they were open later than other places.
3	Well, I tried chilis, and BK but they were both closed. At 7pm on a Tuesday.  What's wrong with this airport? Anyways, I figured this was pretty much my only chance in this terminal. I ordered a cheeseburger, fries and soda for a mere 14.68.  The food arrived five minutes later (not the long wait others yelpers experienced). The burger was large and came loaded with fresh toppings. It was cooked decently, not as overcooked as you'd expect in a airport terminal. The meat patty was pretty big too.  The fries were your typical julienne, and they were hot and crispy. Overall, it was a decent burger. It wasn't award winning but it was fine. Of course if BK had been open there would have been no reason for me to go to rubys.  Not a $10 cheeseburger. Tip. Although 0.85 for refills seems bad, its actually pretty cheap considering a bottle of soda is $2-3 in the terminal. If you stick around for a while, its worth it.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! Growing up in SoCal, I used to visit Ruby's regularly with friends and family. Since moving in Las Vegas, sadly I can no longer get my Ruby burger fix unless I am flying through D gate at McCarran Airport. As a few fellow yelpers have stated earlier, when it comes to Sunday (or any day for that matter) hang over food, nothing beats a Ruby's breakfast sandwich. Heck.... get the chili cheese fries to because they are epic!Granted there is only one drawback to this little dinette.... the price. But then again.... ladies and gentleman of the traveling public, it's an airport, your a captured audience, so prepared to spend a little more then you should for that meal, it's just the way it's got to be. But seriously though, this place has the best burgers in D gate, if not the whole airport! :)
3	My friend and I were about to head our separate ways, but wanted to get a bite to eat first. Ruby's was in the middle of each of our gates.I ordered the French toast and the breakfast potatoes. I usually love both. The French toast was good, but the middle seemed a little dough-y. Also, I think they cook the French toast on the same grill as they cook everything else. The French toast tasted oddly garlic-y - but I actually liked that. The breakfast potatoes were OK. They were just fried potatoes with some sort of seasoning sprinkled on. But only about half of the potatoes got seasoning - it wasn't very evenly applied. Also, when I think breakfast potatoes, I think sauteed potatoes with peppers and onions. The meal ran me $12.It wasn't the best food I'd ever had, but I was in an airport.
2	Poor quality Hamburger, ok fries.  Service was slow.  I would have rather eat somewhere else.
1	This place SUCKS.  I don't recommend it to anyone.  I was with 4 people and they got ALL of our orders wrong.  When we asked them to correct it, they said NO, had an attitude and walked away.  If we had more time or energy I would have cussed out the management in this place and demanded free food.  Never go there.
2	Eh. Nothing special. I was hungover and waiting for my flight so was excited to see a burger joint, but was overall disappointed.I got a Ruby Cheeseburger with cheddar cheese, fries, and a small drink. It came out to $15 which is ridiculous even for an airport.The burger itself was average tasting as were the fries. It was extremely greasy, however, to the point where I took my first bite and a gallon of grease hit my shorts (which are now ruined).  Everyone who didn't order the burger (which were two people) had to wait 15 minutes for their order. It was a chicken sandwich and a turkey sandwich so can't see why this would take that much longer.Also, soda refills were $0.79. If you require people to get their own soda from the soda fountain you should make the refills free. Not your worst option, but you're better off going to Chili's Too which is a one minute walk down.
2	I was expecting better from this diner. However, it was just ridiculously overpriced for a hamburger and fries. When I got my order after a long wait, the fries were stale. The burger was decent but it was not worth the long wait. This place was pretty crowded. The tables were not wiped down either which was disconcerting. I think other Ruby's diners are much better than the one at this airport. There isn't much dining area here. It would be easier if you got your order to go but then that would take a while for them to cook your burger.
2	Ruby's Dinette is the alternative to Ruby's Diner for those who want their airport food on the go.  I assumed this would be a good choice for breakfast since this tends to be the strong point of diners nationwide.  But being located at an airport, sure enough I would be wrong.  I opted for a breakfast burrito which came in at over $9 after tax.  All meals are made to order, so I waited over at the pickup counter for the short order cook to make my meal.  What I got was a flat brick bedecked with a tub of sour cream.  Brick is an apt description, covering the rectangular cross section and its general heft.  If I were to drop this thing, it would have resounded with a strong thud.  The wrap was bland.  Inside, there was a solid mound of egg and an incredible amount of cheddar cheese.  I also picked up the taste of fresh tomatoes, but it was so hard to tell.  The cheese just dominated the flavor entirely, to the point where I could not even taste the eggs.  It was a regrettable choice, and I had difficulty finishing it.  If you are interested in paying a premium price for really salty, fatty food, then this place is a must visit on your next trip to Las Vegas.  For everyone else, just skip by the neon lights as you will be surely disappointed otherwise.
2	Pretty poor by Ruby's standards (I used to dine somewhat frequently at the Newport Beach location, and was a big fan). The hamburger was dry and dull, and onion rings were awful. So glad I didn't order a shake. Tables are squeezed together, so if you have carry-on bags with you, you might want to opt to dine elsewhere.Curious note: there is a placard which has a list of "rules" signed by Ruby, sort of a contract with the customer. At the top, the title reads "To help win the war." What war are they talking about? Is there a dirty little secret burger chain war going on unbeknown to myself and the American public? They couldn't possibly be talking about the "war" on terror...if someone knows, please educate my ignorant self.
3	Sure its way overpriced.  Sure the pickings are slim.  But if you want a quick decent sized breakfast its the only way to go in terminal D.
2	$8 for a grilled cheese? Sure, if it was fantastic.  But at Ruby's, the grilled cheese is just okay.  Service is mediocre at best.  I was told twice to go to a different register before someone finally took my order.
1	THIS PLACE NOT ONLY HAS NASTY ASS BURGERS BUT THE SERVICE IS HORRIBLE!  After i orderded people were waiting for over 40 minutes and there plane was boarding so they started yelling into the kitchen "JUST GIVE ME WHAT U GOT!" PUAHAHHAA  thats when i relized i should of went elsewhere...I ordered the ruby burger i realized i may have missed ordered cause i realized there was no cheese with this burger, but come on plz put some mayo on my burger and dont over cook  my paddy!  I felt like i was eating a card board burger! SOOO nasty i only ate most of it cause i paid for it and i was hungry.  Fries were fries nothing special....Wanted to go to burger king originally but the gate was closed to go there!NEVER GOIN HERE AGAIN!
1	I waited 40 minutes for my burger.  It was fair at best.  But, what do you expect from a crowded airport (Las Vegas) burger joint?  If the bun was not a fall apart piece of detritus, it would be better than the average BK burger.  40 minutes?  Unacceptable.
2	For the price, the avocado burger was not worth it. It tasted like the avocado was almost at the verge of going bad. The meat in the burger was OK. The milkshake was yummy though. A bit runny like any regular ol milkshake I could get at a fast-food joint. But it was pretty good. The wait was pretty long. Probably 15 min or so. They were backed up, the guy behind the counter said. Now, they have a gumball machine with 1 cent gum balls. I bought 3. Imagine my surprise when the machine would only take pennies. I'd go back for a quick bite, but it's nothing to brag about.
3	Run of the mill airport food. Not bad but not very good either. The service was kind of crappy but it must suck to work at an airport. heck I don't know. I wouldn't stop here again if I ever have a layover though. The food was just ok, like I said..not terrible, but nothing spectacular either...
1	I went to Ruby's for breakfast as it was one of the few sit-down places and I had some time to kill. I've been to other Ruby's locations before, so I wasn't terribly concerned and didn't check Yelp! first. [big mistake]I ordered the Cinnamon Roll French toast with a side of bacon (only $2 more! she said) and sat down to wait for food. Lucky for me I had some time to kill.... it took 45 minutes to bring me the french toast, and another 10 to bring me the bacon they totally forgot about when running the food. The bacon was undercooked enough that I didn't eat it. Granted, they were in the middle of a rush, but 30+min ticket times and undercooked food suck by any standard. It was pretty clear by the order some of my fellow patrons food came out that they are probably either very cramped for flattop space (grill), or their cook/expo doesn't know how to prioritize. I can't speak for their lunch, but based on the other reviews here I'd say save yourself the headache and go elsewhere. At least for breakfast go next-door to the Starbucks, like I should have done.
3	Not bad. Quick burger before a flight.Most people are depressed as they leave Vegas which might explain the bad reviews. I don't think this place is that bad and it's not like there are many other options in the terminal anyway.
3	Awesome egg sandwich is the name... was there any awesome components to this dish???  The size of the dish for the price was pretty awesome.  The sandwich was not bad, not great.  I like that this place was open when we got to the airport so early in the morn.  That is one thing that stinks when you take a real early flight or a real late flight is not having any shops or food places open.  Having this place open after a night of gambling was a big plus for me.  Were I in this airport again and looking for a meal, would I come here again?? Maybe, I would probably see if something else was open, but for an airport, the food was not too bad.
5	Ruby's Diner is one of my favorite burger joints. Sadly this is the only location in Las Vegas. It's located in the McCarran International Airport. They have a great "classic" burger. I also like there breakfast.
1	Employees stood around while I'm waiting for my to-go milkshake. Locating inside an airport, isn't it common sense that people are rushing to their flight, especially if it's a to-go order. After waiting for more then 10 mins for my shake, I went over to the kitchen side and asked if my shake was ready. Then they started making it! What the heck? What were they standing around for????
4	I'm not sure why so many hate on this place. There used to be a location north of Seattle but sadly they shut down after the 'remodel' of Alderwood Mall. Perhaps forced out with the 'new' food court. So now this location is the only one that I get to frequent when flying through Vegas (which I seemed to be doing every quarter for work). This was one of my 'highlights' of the trip is getting to the airport earlier so that I had time to a) wait in the usually long line and b) enjoy my burgerYes, the service can take a while (do you like fresh food or food that's been waiting on a grill line?) Also, they make some awesome shakes. I tried a few times but I can never finish one. Bring your patience and your cash; the place isn't super cheap for a burger but you're also at an airport. EVERYTHING is on the spendy side.
2	Sometimes when you have extra time at the airport before your flight you look for spots to grab a quick bite before jumping on your plane. Ruby's Dinette visually has that retro soda shop cool look to it. All red and white, counter seating with swiveling stools, counter staff all dressed in white. Even the signage and menu has old time graphics, The concept is well thought out, but the actual end result is just basically mediocre airport food. Barely passable burgers and sandwiches populate the menu. It's really just another fast food chain-like operation masquerading as a specialty restaurant but ultimately falls short of it's goal. A bit pricey for the quality too. The times I have been here I can attest to always regretting eating here.As is the problem I find with McCarran Airport there are too many of these substandard places to eat, and not really any quality places to sit down and enjoy a satisfying meal while waiting for a flight. Let's be real, the negative reviews are not because of depressed people leaving Las Vegas, but it's because of the depressing food offered here!
1	My food was good. Ordered a veggie burger and fries. Service was terrible for me. Now a veggie patty doesn't have to cook as long a beef patty so I couldn't understand why it took 25 minutes for my food or how how at least 5 different groups of people who ordered after me received there food almost 5 minutes after sitting at a table. I'm not over exaggerating but when you are waiting for your food for awhile, you start to notice your environment more; whose leaving, whose coming, who came and left while I was still sitting. Hmmm, so the moment I go to check on my food is the same moment when it finally gets brought to the table. I was very dissatisfied with the service here!
1	We just arrived in Vegas and we were starving. Ruby's appeared to be a cool little 50's diner, and a hearty meal is what we had in mind. No such luck.The Sandwiches and Burgers do not come with fries, but that doesn't matter, I was told, because lunch won't be served for 10 more minutes. No chance of ordering it now. Boy, was that lucky! Saved me from a bad meal rip-off. My friend got what someone might call "French Toast." He described it more as soggy toast... and the bacon, yuck. I'm not sure I'd ever pass up bacon... until now.If you must eat breakfast here, get the country potatoes. They have no flavor, but at least there isn't much that can go wrong.I should've known better than to think you could get even halfway decent food in an airport.
5	Chili Cheese Fries! I had em before and I wants them again.I think I let out a little scream when I saw this place with my girlfriends. Not sure if they've been here before since music filled my head as I thought about those chili cheese fries. They are goodness on a plate. The fries are nicely done and the chili... the chili isn't ground beef slopped on my fries, it's shreds of lightly spiced tomato-y beef dousing my fries. I wish we had one in my city... but I guess it will have to stay an airport treat.The staff is really nice. Our busser was so cute... so happy...
3	Perfectly fine for an airport diner!
2	You're in an airport, you're hungry, and you're craving some breakfast food. So where do you go? Well, you can go to etiher Cinnabon and stuff your face sinfully with a cinamon roll, OR you can go to Ruby's Dinette where you can select something that resembles a descent breakfast menu. You order at the counter, you're given a number to place on your table and you choose your seating. I ordered the french toast and the service was average, but prompt. The french toast was exactly what I would expect airport french toast to look and taste like. 2 flimsy pieces of bread, dipped in batter, pan fried and served with your side plastic syrup. I had fond memories of eating decent food at Ruby's Diner, but sadly, no matter how hung over you are, it falls just below expectations...even for an airport Dinette.
3	Awesome egg sandwich is a lot of food.
3	I was not only surprised to learn that these places are still around (there was one in San Diego when I was growing up but has been closed for many many years!) but that they also have a veggie burger! I wish that there were more vegetarian options, but hey, I'll take what I can get! It was ok, nothing spectacular. Im sure they didnt make the patty themselves, so it can only be so good if youre paying a restaurant to warm up a frozen store bought patty and dress it with their own items.My friend got some big breakfast sandwich and was thoroughly disgusted. Not sure why, but I made a joke about actual 50s food being really bad for you and having things like cigarettes in the food its self, which livened the conversation. Im guessing that if you're going to go to a burger joint, get the one thing that they are supposed to be good at.
2	Food was bland. They forgot my order. Very disappointing.
3	Peanut butter shake?!  Mmmmmmmm.  Having to take a tram to the D gates and seemingly sneak through some weird glass door to get said shake, and then get questioned by security about why I need to get back to my own section of the airport?  Not so mmmmmmm.  Definitely not Ruby's fault, but something to look out for!  Friendly service, good food, ridiculous airport prices.
1	Chinese chicken salad just bad!  Soggy iceberg lettuce.  Water was the best part of my meal at Ruby Dinette.
5	I stopped by here to grab some food to eat on the plane (5:11 flight home). I ordered a vanilla shake and a BLT.Note that service is not fast--this is not a place you visit if you're hurrying to grab food before your flight. They were training a new guy, too, and there was some confusion about another customer's order.Anyway, the shake was marvelous--real ice cream. I ate the sandwich on the plane and enjoyed it a lot--a big BLT with avocado on parmesan sourdough. Wonderful! My only minor gripes were the bulky plastic to-go container (hard to deal with on a plane) and that the sandwich wasn't pre-cut, although it probably held together better that way while being manhandled through the airport and into the seat pocket.
2	So the Burger was good, the fries were kind of bland, but what really stood out was the bad service. I was at the airport late and hungry and this was one of the few places still open. I really wouldn't be complaining except for one indian (I think?) working there that wanted to tell us they were closed (even though another male employee had pushed us to come in) and then refused to give me a water cup larger than a shot glass. What was most annoying was that I had asked her 3 times about a larger cup, the last of which times I asked if a manager would allow it. She vehemently insisted that company policy would not allow it, but low and behold as I was walking out with my 3 tiny water cups the manager saw my predicament and offered the largest cup. I would never go back just because I would not want to have to deal with the indian lady ever again.
1	Ruby's motif is an old fashioned American burger and shakes malt shop joint.   The menu is straight forward with and assortment of burgers, and shakes.I've heard good things about Ruby's Diner from a few friends and I held fairly high expectations coming in.  I had a cheeseburger and double vanilla shake. The burger was dry and the lettuce was so cold that it actually acted like air conditioning to the meat.  I had asked for no whip cream on my shake, but alas when they made it, it had a large chunk of whip cream on the top.  It was an okay shake, nothing to brag about, nor could I taste what would be referred to as "double vanilla".Now, keep in mind this Ruby's location is located in the Las Vegas Airport, and Airport chain restaurants are typically a few points below their counterparts in the main city.  I may choose to give Ruby's another chance down the road, but not at this location.
3	I mean, take this place in context. It's in an airport. Which means they can get away with selling bottled water for $3.79 and a forgettable but not unpleasant cheeseburger and fries for $12.19. Picture this: it's12:30pm. I  have lots of time before my flight, and I really want a filling breakfast meal because I'm flying back to the East Coast and I haven't had anything to eat yet that day. Ruby's offers something called an "Awesome Egg Sandwich." Awesome! Egg Sandwich! Just what I'm looking for. I wait in the line for maybe 10 minutes, and as soon as I get to the cashier (who I'm pretty sure is wearing a Burger King visor?), I realize that breakfast is only served until 10:30. Uggghhhhh. Guess I'll get a burger.The woman was really nice while I waffled on what kind of burger I wanted (cheeseburger with swiss), if I wanted fries (yes), and if the mushroom swiss burger was available with a combo (no). I waited for about 7 minutes for my food. Because I had time, this was fine, but I would have felt very anxious if I had been in a hurry. They packed up everything very nicely, including napkins and ketchup packets without my asking. Thanks! Then, I ran into my friends who were eating burgers and fries from Burger King. I realized that BK was probably a much more economical option, but when I said that, they said, "No, this cost like $12." So in the choice between a burger meal from a quaint diner and a massive fast food joint, I felt like I had made the right decision.
4	The chili was fantastic. Meaty - not ground beef and not overloaded with beans either.I got takeout, so I can't say anything about the service.
3	While at McCarren Airport in Las Vegas waiting for our flight, we needed a quick bite. Since flights don't serve meals any more...I ordered their version of a club sandwich. My only complaint was the soft bun they served it on. The turkey breast was fresh, the bacon crisp, there was fresh avocado, lettuce and tomato. It was quite large and I could only eat about 1/2 of it, so we took the rest home with us.Ruby's is decorated like an old 1950s diner. It's cute. The service is not so good, they aren't very friendly and are terse, but I chalk that up to this being in airport more than anything else. Otherwise, it was okay.
2	Really too expensive for a fast food !!  The burger was ok and deco is nice but we paid over 30 usd for a 2 people.. It s too much
4	I arrived early for my flight and I needed a bite to eat. It was just slightly after 10am so I had missed the boat for breakfast. Just when I thought my meal may be ruined, I saw Rubys, a super cute dinner in the D terminal. Sadly, I had missed breakfast here as well. I settled on a grilled cheese, paid and sat down. They staff is very efficient here and my grilled wonderfulness arrived quickly. It wasn't your average slapped together grilled cheese. Be prepared for sour dough and the perfect creamy texture of cheese. YUM!The only downfall?? $8 for a grilled cheese and it only comes with a pickle. Thankfully, it filled me up. But $8 seems super high for what it is. Overall, I would go back.
3	$50 for 3 burgers and a shake. Are you kidding me!!! Shake was not real. Very disappointing when most Ruby's are pretty good.
4	Honestly not that bad considering what the other choices were at the airport.  Staff was friendly and efficient and the food came out hot and freshly made.
5	I just love this place - specifically the Mushroom Swiss Burger - my standard place to go when leaving Vegas
1	I had lots of time to kill at the airport before a long trip back to the east coast. I was hurting from the night before and absolutely dreading my flight back as I was in the middle seat in front of the restrooms. I knew the only thing that was going to cure my hangover and get me through this undoubtedly horrible flight was a greasy bacon, egg and cheese sandwich. I was instantly intrigued with Ruby's decor. It kind of has a 1950's Johnny Rockets vibe. Went up to the counter to order their version of an "Awesome Egg Sandwich." This sandwich was far from Awesome. I really think Ruby's should reconsider the name. "Awful Egg Sandwich" would be more fitting. I received runny scrambled eggs on top of a stale sub roll. They didn't even have the decency to melt the processed american cheese as it was still cold from the fridge. If you find yourself in the Las Vegas Airport for breakfast, I suggest you go to the BK Lounge and get yourself a croissan'wich.
3	This is a pretty decent place for a quick meal at the airport. It is located at the d gate main entrance area where people can see after they get off the tram. I really liked their French roast turkey sandwich. I like how the cranberry sauce really made a difference. Last time I was in Vegas in the morning, their lunch menu was not open yet so I ordered the muffin from the breakfast menu. It was ok. I didn't like the scramble egg that much and the muffins were in no way close to local business's breakfast muffins.
2	Bleh.Poor quality. Should've just had a cinnabun.I ordered the 'Awesome Egg Sandwich' Extra Awesome. The cashier chuckled. The food tasted like something out of a cardbard box that had been nuked until hot.Bring hotsauce and cover everything with it. You'll thank me.
4	I really hate airport food, but sometimes you just have to have a full meal there because your next meal won't be for hours. We needed to have a big brunch/lunch so we headed here. I got the BLT-A (avocado BLT) and my husband got the burger. Much to our delight, they were both so good! I would definitely get their BLT-A again! we also ordered a basket of fries (cajun style). They were meh, probably should've just ordered them regular. You order up front, and then take your # and place on table. They will bring you your food. Fast-casual dining :)
1	DO NOT waste your time or money on this RIP-OFF spot!  Old, cold fries, crapy frozen burger patty at a Cadillac price!  I would not let this place be the first or last BAD Vegas experience!  I have had better burgers at a gas station heated in a microwave!  I have never felt so screwed by restaurant in my life!  $16.95 for Cheeseburger & Fry, are kidding me!
2	1 star for filling, 1 star for quick.  Not much else to recommend about the place.  The breakfast menu is fairly limited, French toast or egg sandwich on roll or English muffing.  The roll I got was stale and the bottom absolutely caked in flour that I had to scrape off using the plastic knife as a putty knife.  Still, the location is right at the top of the escalator at D terminal, so whether you're heading left or right to your gate, it's convenient.  Quick too. I paid, squeezed through the crowd at the self serve drink fountain, sat and almost immediately had the food brought over to the table... almost before I had time to put the service number in the holder.The egg was real, plenty of American cheese, and fairly crisp bacon.  I got tired of the stale roll halfway through the sandwich, and used the bottom of the other half as a plate to eat the egg, cheese, and bacon off of.If you want something quick and filling, this is your place.  I'm not sure what other options there are in the terminal, but next time I'll continue looking before returning to Ruby's.
1	We had 2 awful sandwiches, that were supposedly turkey.  Even the pickles were lousy.
1	So grossed out by this restaurant. Extremely pricey and disgusting when you walk in. CLEAN your restaurant or hire new staff.
2	So very unfortunate that McCarran Airport has such lackluster food options. Ruby's has the feel of a Johnny Rockets that has had all of the fun, cleanliness, and spirit beaten out of it. The servers looked tired and completely disinterested. You place your order at the counter and are then given a plastic number card to place on your table for the servers to deliver your food. Sat down at a table that my dining companion said smelled of puke. He was right. We moved.  Ordered a bacon burger with a side of onion rings. NOTE: they will only cook burgers well done = taste cooked out of burger. Onion rings were the only thing keeping this from being a 1-star review. While greasier than I would have liked, the rings were hot, well-seasoned, and plentiful. For $22, I have to believe there's a better option in terminal 3 (D). The food took much longer (15-20 minutes) to arrive than it should have.Not sure when I'll be back in Vegas, but I am sure I won't be returning to Ruby's.
5	This place is not fancy, but the burger was delicious! Plus you don't have to pay any tips here. You can just sit and enjoy awesome burger waiting for your flight.
1	Horrible customer service at 11pm!!!  On top of it...the cooks were screaming and cussing at each while cooking our meal.  Then while we were eating...the cooks started asking the cashier about her pregnancy.   Just avoid this place at all cost!
2	Decent food but incompetent staff with no comprehension of simple instructions or problem solving.
5	I always eat breakfast here on the way home from Vegas. Everything on the menu is good, but my favorite is the Awesome Egg Sandwich, which contains bacon, scrambled eggs and American cheese on a sourdough bun. The coffee is always hot and fresh, and the service is extremely prompt and courteous. Prices are fair too. Highly recommended!
3	A unsuccessful copy of Johnny Rockets. Food is ok at best...nothing stands out. Your paying for the 50's feel. Bacon chzburger, side fries and bottle water $20. Not worth it
2	This wasn't the worst but it certainly wasn't the best either. The classic style burger was alright but honestly was far from me saying that if I were in that terminal again that i'd eat there. The fries were so soggy that I gave up after a while. The only reason why this is a 2 star and not a one is because the staff were friendly and the place was clean. Considering it's in an airport it is refreshing to see happy employees and a clean place to eat. Too bad the food was bad.
3	Ruby's Dinette provided a good, fast meal for us as we passed through the airport terminal and hopped in the car. It was surprisingly fresh and served in healthy portions. My BLT was a huge sandwich with lots of crispy, greasy bacon and Parmesan crusted bread. I didn't like how unripe the tomato slices were but they were thick and the lettuce green and fresh.Our breaded zucchini was crispy and not overly greasy. For what we expected this food wasn't bad, the portions were good, and the prices reasonable for the airport.
4	The dinette is cute.  50's flair. Long lines so it seems like a popular airport eatery. I had the BLTA and fries.  Cleaned my plate!!
3	We fly United frequently which leaves from Terminal D.  Initially we were in the adjacent Starbucks line thinking we will get an artisan breakfast sandwich until we noticed no oven. No oven, no sandwiches.  We popped over to Ruby's which we've eaten at over the years, but never breakfast. I'm still thinking breakfast sandwiches on my mind.  Lo and behold, Ruby offers two.  I get the scrambled egg, bacon, cheese on an English muffin with a cup of coffee.Ordered, paid, given a number, found a table and waited for the food.Breakfast sandwich was good, the coffee not so good.   Better to buy coffee from adjacent Starbucks.
3	I was heading home from Las Vegas yesterday and had lunch at Ruby's Dinette at the airport.You order at the counter, are given a number and then you sit down.  Servers (mostly older women) who are dressed in old-school diner outfits deliver your food to you.  I ordered the Rubyburger combo and a chocolate milkshake (it seemed like the kind of place to have one).It's been a while since I've had a milkshake ... it was good! The burger was good too.
2	Good - view, seating, cashier, clean. The breakfast sandwich and chocolate milk shake. Bad- where do I start. The person dropping off the food was rude, brash and should maybe learn some customer service skills. She's basically dropping food off at tables, acting like she's serving an extended prison sentence. Good example when dropping off our food, I asked if we could have something for the onion rings, she glared at me with (wtf) you want stare lol, ok never mind  I'll eat plain onion rings. For the burger I ordered, was tasteless ( I remember all the food being good last time don't know what happened), We'll likely try this place again but hoping the server completes her prison sentence and moves on to a more rewarding experience.
1	Worst breakfast of my life, I waited a solid 20 minutes for an order of French toast, and they kept serving customers ahead of me. Really not up to snuff, even for airport food. My expectations weren't that high and they still failed to meet them. My friend also ordered a breakfast burrito who's eggs were raw cheese unmelted and tortilla soggy. We both came to the agreement that to be a staff member of this facility you must be hard to understand and speak to fast. Over all terrible service and food quality.
1	Food is never good. Staff is rude and not helpful. Very slow as well. I wouldn't eat here.
1	Terrible Experience.The chicken sandwich was dry and inedible. The employees could care less about there jobs and accidentally overcharged us because she was not paying attention. I had the turkey sandwich which was covered in white flour and then the dust got on my  face and hands. The average price is about ten dollars or so. It's overpriced and disgusting. The ketchup was watery and had a foul taste to it. The fries soggy and burnt. Really? Why serve food to other humans that would not be fit for your own consumption. I wouldn't even give a dog this mess. Avoid this place at all costs!
