5	I had a Cod Hero and my friend had a Burger.  Both prepared perfectly.  I had the Lettuce Wedge which came with a very tasty light oil dressing.  The potato side was also excellent.  First day open and the staff was ready, well trained, friendly and attentive.  And in the middle of our meal, in walks Mario Batali.  Outstanding meal and a highly recommended restaurant.  Located inside Venetian Las Vegas near the Sports Book, just off the main casino floor.
4	Only the second day in business and already a fan..!!  My wife and I were waited on by  "Steven" who was very attentive and professional.  We had a burger that was OK and a Lobster Roll.  You must try the potato salad as it is first deep fried and then baked to perfection wit a nice sauce.  I even got the chance to see Mario Batali as he was walking out.  The menu is pretty simple but I hope they can continue the excellent customer service for years to come.
3	Went on the 2nd day...actually saw Mario Batalli walking from this restaurant to his other..sort of fun.  Had the Drive Thru Burger. 2 patties, lettuce, pickles and tried the Robiola cheese - similar to Mozz. Sesame Bun.  Burger was OK. Not a knock my socks off burger or a bad burger...just a burger. $12 for the burger.  Fries - just normal. $6 by themselves. So $18 for Burger and Fries. Everything a la carte. Friend had her burger on the Pretzel bun...looked good. Sounded good - she didn't really comment.  I can say the Potato Salad the table got next to us looked great...wish I would have ordered. I would expect the burgers to be outstanding - but just a burger really.
3	The world of $10-15 burgers has a new contender as B&B Burgers & Beer is now open. It's in the Venetian next to the poker room (the old Rattle Can Location). The burgers were good, I had the Drive Thru Burger it was their take on an In & Out burger. The burger was cooked to a perfect Med Rare, and the toppings were fresh, but it seemed like it didn't live up to the $9 price point. It was good, just not $9 good. I also had the Pickles: Fried and Not (fried pickles and pickeled veggies), the onion rings, and S&P Chips. The Chips were great, the onion rings were pretty good, I wasn't a fan of the fried pickles, they used bread and butter pickles not dill which was a disappointment to me.All in all it was good, but not OMG great, it will blend into the stream of the never ending Burger Joints on the strip. I'm honestly a little bummed they closed Rattlecan and replaced it with this place. It'll have to ride the celebrity name on the door or it will end up getting lost.The service was pretty solid, but nothing really stood out from the meal. It was an OK burger in a pretty generic place, at Strip Pricing. I'm not really in any hurry to go back for another visit.
3	Now that nearly every casino has at least one 'gourmet' burger stand, it has become increasingly difficult to stand-out from the crowd.  Ramsay has had tremendous success with BurGR both through his celebrity status and creative menu, but it doesn't seem Batali put the same effort into his latest outpost, the fourth(!) in the Venetian alone.  Located near the Venetian sports book in the old Rattlecan space, the decor is pure Batali and more befitting the Venetian that the former's graffiti adorned walls.  As for the burgers, there are very few (4 or 5, as I recall) pre-designed burgers and a handful of Heroes and shakes.  I had the build your own on ciabatta with caramelized onions, Gorgonzola and garlic aioli.  The bun was nice and soft and the burger had a fresh taste but seemed lost in the over sized bun.  The beer selection was solid and the availability of Racer 5 matched well with my burger.The staff was all smiles and seemed genuinely happy to be there, something the staff of Rattlecan was never able to muster. Why only 3 stars?  I just expected...more.   More burger options (Kobe, turkey, veggie, etc), more creative sides, more effort in general.  Overall, it's a welcome addition to the Venetian and I wish them well.
4	Great new place in Vegas. I am a fan of both chefs and was interested and excited to give this a try. We went on its 3rd day after opening and everything ran smoothly. The food was of course excellent; I had the Royale Burger which was amazing. The potato salad was the best. I dislike potato salads of all kinds; they are too mushy, too mayo-ee, too onionee, etc. But this one was amazing. The potatoes were warm and crispy, the cheese sauce was top notch. I did not have one of the alcoholic milkshakes which gives me another great reason to go back.
2	Went at 1 on a sat. Server was nice but service was beyond slow. All burgers were cooked well regardless of our choice.
4	Being a fan of Mario Batali and his other eateries I wanted to try out his burger joint he has with partner Joe B. It's a well lit place across from the sports book in the Venetian. Seated right away and served drinks within a few minutes we needed some time to order. Mario's playlist is playing with his favorite music like his other restaurants and he has descent taste. Plenty of TVs for watching the games and an extensive beer selection.-We had the Nutella Milkshake right away. It was so good, anything with Nutella is right?- The Royal With Cheese.. Damn that's a Tasty burger! Such a messy delight. Robiola cheese, caramelized onions and a parmigiano-mascarpone creme. So good-the onion rings were good. Not heavily battered like some places. The pickles are the same and are also served with unfried pickled veggies. Service was excellent. Our server was checking on regularly and filling our water glasses.
4	We had lunch at B&B on a Saturday around 1.  It was about halfway full, so we sat right down.  Lots of seating, and comfortable seating at that.  Also, each of our chairs had a view of college basketball on TV, so that was nice.  Service was attentive throughout, it was clear the server was working hard to make sure we got everything we needed.Our party tried:  the drive thru, the lobster roll, and 2 really goods.  I didn't sample the drive thru, but it looked good.  I think there's something to be said for thin burger patties in this day and age of monstrous burgers.  The wife had the lobster roll, which was excellent.  Crammed full of lobster, with large pieces of claw meat.  It maybe had a bit too much citrus for me, but I'm nitpicking when I say that.  Delicious buttery roll.  This was a winner.I had one of the really goods.  Both of the diners in our party ordered it medium, and both were overcooked to the point there was almost no pink.  We commented to our server, and the manager was brought right over.  He replaced both of the burgers in about 5 minutes, and gave us an order of fries for our trouble.  So, although they had an issue, they immediately remedied it.  The second burger was cooked perfectly, pink and juicy.  I loved this burger.  Lots of gorgonzola, so the cheese flavor is in every bite.  The bun was perfect, a firm yet somehow soft potato roll that held everything together to the last bite.  I would definitely order this again.For sides, we had the aforementioned fries and onion rings.  The fries were the winner.  I didn't much care for the batter on the onion rings.  But, the fries were thin and seasoned very well.  I would equate them to really really good fast food fries, if they were made properly.  I will get the fries on every return to B&B.A comfortable atmosphere, excellent service, and delicious burgers.  I hope that B&B is here for a good long while.
2	I had such high expectations for this place because I'm a Batali and Bastianich fan & a combination of our waiter telling us everything was amazing we each ordered 4 different dishes. Everything was just ok, it definitely was not amazing. We ordered the "morning after burger(lacking flavor), spicy burger(way too spicy), pastrami sandwich(not soft and like sandwich market meat) & buffalo wings( not flavorful). I have to say our waiter was very tentative but the food for this place should of tasted better considering the brand behind the name. They def have some improvement to do. Even after telling them how spicy the burger was they should of tried to make it better and they didn't care except to have me fill out a comment card.
2	For a while I was debating whether I should be giving this place 2 stars or 3. I originally had the intention of giving it a 3.5. All the stars for this place go to our server, Anthony who was very friendly, attentive, and helpful.I came here for a late dinner with my sister and brother in law. We've been to other Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich restaurants and were very impressed so we had some pretty high expectations in B&B Burger & Beer. Unfortunately, my expectations were shot down.First off, the decor is pretty casual. It's supposed to be a burger joint so it's simple. I personally think the location is a little too hidden. It's in the sports book area in The Venetian (as Mike C. has pointed out) a little past Noodle Asia. There was no line, and the two girls up front who were hostesses were friendly and helped get us seated right away.I ordered the morning burger (minus the egg) along with a side of fries, my sister had a spicy burger of some sort, my brother in law ordered the pastrami, and we shared a side order of buffalo wings. Almost everything came highly recommended by Anthony, so our hungry stomachs waited excitedly for the food.Coming from SoCal, I'm not sure if maybe I've just been spoiled senseless by the amount of gourmet burgers in the area (The Counter, Slaters 50/50, and Umami to name a few) but all three of us were very disappointed. The buffalo wings tasted hard and almost frozen. The sesame on my burger bun tasted too hard for the bread and to sum it up, the best word to describe it would probably be "forgettable." The pastrami was at best average, and my sister's burger was so overly spicy, she was barely able to eat it. The reason why I ended up giving this place 2 stars is because even though Anthony was attentive enough to note to the cook in the back that many customers during the day had complained it was overly spicy, management still did not do anything to make it better. He suggested we just write on the comment card at the end of the meal that we thought the burger was too spicy. There was no offer to make up for it and no attempt to please the customer.I think B&B has some great potential, but considering it has just opened a little over a week ago, it's absolutely vital to be listening to its customers to make the experience more memorable and better, considering all the other competition for food choices on the Strip.
4	Had a late night burger after gambling.  We were looking for the perfect snack, not a fancy place but not a fastfood/buffet eatery either.  The burger did not disappoint.  We ordered the burger with the jalepeno, (can't remember the name), medium rare.  It was sooooo good.  Felt as though it melted in my mouth.  Service was friendly and efficient.  We sat at the bar.
1	Food is good - not a WOWService on the other hand was the worst I have seen in the city.  In a city that has a new restaurant opening every week, I don't expect this one to last more than 3 months if they do not change how they take care of the customer.  Having to ask for napkins, asking the server to deliver our drinks that were sitting on the bar for over 8 minutes, messing up the kids order and taking way too long to correct, failing to advise that the menu item we ordered for the kids was spicy, failing to deliver on basic requests at time of order (raw onions), and the manager having no explanation why they were unable to properly service a group of 7 baffles me. Avoid this place, not worth the money.  Mario Batali, you have disappointed me!
3	Because Vegas didn't have quite enough celebrity-backed burger joints, the Venetian recently opened the tongue-twisting B&B Burger and Beer by Batali and Bastianich. This restaurant replaces the short lived and highly touted Rattlecan, which served some fantastic burgers and had a great interior. There was a lot of drama surrounding their early demise, but rumors flew around of the space not being what the Venetian wanted to display, and other odd things. That rumor is slightly hard to believe when you look at the atrocity of design close by that is the Bourbon Room, so who knows. Regardless, this duo provides some great meals in other locations within the property and throughout other parts of the country, so surely it would be a good replacement?As I mentioned above, the interior of Rattlecan was great; custom graffiti everywhere, cool artwork, and a great bar made of skateboard decks. What has replaced it is a bright, boring, and poorly decorated space that feels much smaller than its predecessor and somehow way less inviting. The orange, yellow and red tones are horrible from the floors to the wall sconces, the tables look cheap, and the space overall just doesn't look like a burger joint that sells $14+ burgers. The muted wood tones in the clunky booth section bisecting the space as well as the dull back bar do nothing to spice up the environment, and the wavy ceiling feature made me feel like I was in a Denny's. Their menu is pretty simple; snacks, salads, shakes, burgers and heroes. The snacks and salads don't seem offer much, and the heroes sound more impressive than their small handful of burger choices.With a recommendation by the waiter I went with the Royale with Cheese: robiola cheese, caramelized onions, grilled treviso and parmigiano-marscapone cream. What came out was a decent sized burger accompanied by an odd side of pickled carrots and onions. The bun was fresh, gooey, and well proportioned. The meat was really good; very fresh and juicy, just lacking any seasoning or flavor. The burger was very creamy, almost too much. The onions were barely noticeable aside from a couple bites, and the treviso wasn't strong enough of a flavor to be noticed, but good on its own when pulled out. Overall it was a very good burger; messy, creamy, juicy, all the things you'd want, but there was just that bit of beef flavor that was missing.As for the fries, this is where the restaurant starts to piss me off. Spending $6 for a side of fries when you're already spending $31 on two burgers is just insulting, even on the strip. These on-Strip places need to remember that there is a huge local base of customers here to support them if the prices were even somewhat reasonable. This price is not. The fries themselves had good flavor, were of the thin, natural cut variety, but they were completely undercooked. You get a good sized portion that can be shared by two people, but spending that much for just one person on a bit of potatoes is stupid. For our two burgers and fries we spent $40 before tip, and that's just ridiculous. While they do offer up at least one decent burger, I wasn't crazy about the bite I had of the Really Good burger, I didn't really try much else. The slightly ridiculous prices combined with my longing for what used to occupy this space may not bring me back to try anything else.
5	A few weeks back I stayed at The Venetian and heard this new place opened up downstairs. We decided to give their casino bar a shot and were impressed by the beer selection. Levi (at the bar) gave us a good rundown of what they carried and suggested some tasty brews which to taste and I loved them. We decided to come back in the morning for breakfast and I ordered the "hangover burger" which was friggin' delicious! Just what I needed on a Vegas Sunday morning. I highly recommend eating outside for the view. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely come back for more.
4	After a good day of gaming, we decided go to the strip for something special. We decided to take in B&B Burger. Right off I love the decor. Orange and yellow are my favorite colors. The hostesses asked about any allergies. I have a latex allergy. The waiter cleared the allergy with the kitchen, the. We ordered. I had the Morning after Burger with the egg. It was superb. Juicy, tasty, and the egg was farm fresh. My husband had the spicy burger and said it was delicious and yes spicy. The homemade chips were very good as well. We ordered a milkshake to share. They brought us out two of them. I think they split it for us, as there was only one charged on the bill. That was nice. The shake was very rich and cream. A great finis. While leaving we noticed the take out window. This should do well as it is in the sports book,poker room area. Way to go Mario and Joe. Now bring Eataly to Vegas!
5	We returned to B&B so I could sample the drive thru.  I am glad I did, as this burger was so good it warrants an extra star for B&B.  The drive thru is a double patty, double American cheese burger.  It has mayo, ketchup, mustard, pickles, leaf lettuce and tomato.  It's served on a sesame seed bun, then wrapped in butcher paper.  I was blown away by how good this burger is.  The thin patties are my preference.  I guess they remind me of all the diners and onion burger joints in Oklahoma from my childhood.  The thin patties at B&B were done to perfection.  Literally, I have no idea how they cooked these this well.  The thing about thin patties is you don't want to cook them too much that aren't juicy, but you need to cook them long enough that they get the delicious crispy ends.  Well, B&B managed to leave this burger pink in the middle, thus ensuring maximum juiciness, while getting the crispy edges that make thin patties so good.  Very impressive.  Wrapping the whole thing in butcher paper allows the cheese to properly melt, and sort of crams all the flavors together.  I have found my burger at B&B for future visits.  The fact that this thing is only $9 is amazing, especially when you consider the price of comparably sized burgers at enormous fast food chains is only about $3 less.  Get to B&B and try this burger, unless you hate things that are delicious.
3	Really slow service, despite lots of servers standing around. Burgers were ok, but better at the Public House
1	This is the second restaurant that I have been to with Mario Batali's name on it, this is the second one in which I have been very disappointed. The Good; onion rings and and the relish on the side of the plate. The mediocre; french fries.  The you can get a better burger at IN-N- Out, Burger King, or almost any chain burger place; the burgers.  The burgers were not cooked to order as requested and were nothing special to begin with, 3 different burgers at our table and everybody was disappointed.  The bad;  The B and Bs  should be ashamed of the meatball hero, to say it was mediocre would be a compliment, on a glorified hotdog bun it was well overpriced  and under-flavored, the meatballs tasted like they came from the frozen food section of the grocery store.If you are looking for a good 12 dollar burger, by 4 from IN-N- Out and give 3 to homeless people or  if your looking for a real gourmet burger and price isn't the problem, and you are in the same building, go up to Bouchon and get that burger, maybe the best in Vegas.
2	I was at the Venetian yesterday for the Consumer Electronic Show.  I decided to try B&B Burger and Beer instead of driving somewhere to eat.  I was surprised that the place was not busy at 12:45 PM.  I sat at the bar and ordered their Bar Burger (build your own), an order of fries and ice tea.  I mentioned my server that I don't want salt on the burger and fries.It took 17 minutes before my lunch was served.  The burger was average.  I ordered it on a sesame seed bun with lettuce, tomato and added Provolone cheese.  The bun was not soft and chewy.  The lettuce was iceberg lettuce - no nutritional value to it.  A single slice of tomato - could not taste the tomato.  The burger was cooked medium instead of medium-well as I requested.The fries had six to eight full length fries.  The rest were broken pieces of fries.  The fries were good and fresh.The cost:Bar Burger (burger, lettuce and tomato)  $10.00Provolone Cheese (all cheeses on the menu) $2.00Fries $2.00Ice Tea approximately $3.00 My total bill with tax was close to $23.00 Wow!I would have been better off with convention food. A much better place to go is Bachi Burger in Las Vegas.
5	5 stars only because it wasn't what I expected to get.  This joint looks like a food court joint next to the Venetian sport book and poker room.  We sat down just to try it.  The burgers were incredible.  Not as good a Bachi Burger, but way better than expected.  Medium rare is medium rare, not medium.
1	I cannot really explain how slow the service is. We were seated and waited about 10 mins till we went to the bar to get service. We then waited another 30 or so for food. Our drinks were never refilled. The whole time  we watched about 5 hostesses sit around and and do nothing. Not worth $13 for a burgers.
4	I've been wanting to go here since they first opened. Nutella milkshake, helloooo? Why would I not want to go here? So, my friend and I went here. It's located by sports book inside the Venetian. This is different from B&B Ristorante in front of Delmonico.I knew exactly what I wanted to try before I even went. My friend and I have been talking about having a wine date night so, we got a bottle of Pinot Grigio instead of getting beer with our burgers. I got a morning after burger, fries with truffle aioli on the side and Nutella milkshake.Morning After Burger:Frisee, truffle aioli, sauteed mushrooms, fontina topped with a sunny side egg. I got mine medium-rare as usual. They serve 50/50 which makes the thick patty soooo flavorful you can eat it by itself. I had to eat this with a knife and fork - it was thick and messy but oh so good. 4.5/5Fries:Hot and crisp. They were fine on their own and maybe a bit of ketchup. 4/5Truffle Aioli:I got an extra side of truffle aioli for my fries. I've never had truffle aioli I didn't like - well, I have now. I couldn't taste truffle at all. It was just like dipping fries into plain mayo. I was rather disappointed. 2/5Nutella Milkshake:Vanilla gelato, Nutella, whippe cream and candied hazelnuts. This was my main motivation for coming here. There's another Nutella milkshake version at Burger Bar but they use chocolate ice cream so, there's a difference in flavor and consistency. I like both. The candied hazelnuts was a nice touch. You get a crunch on your milkshake. The shake isn't too thick. So, sucking on it wasn't a problem. 4/5The service was fantastic. Our server gave my friend suggestions, answered all our questions and always with a smile on her face. She told us all the items on their menu are made locally daily (like the pastrami) and the beef for the burgers are also ground fresh daily. Our wine and water glasses were never empty.They have sandwiches that all sound good. Pastrami, steak, crispy cod, lobster roll, eggplant parm, meatball, etc. I'll have to try those next time.
4	Great service, flavor-filled burgers, tasty fries!  Watch out for the low-hanging lights!
2	For a place with "Burger" in the name, I set my expectations rather high for the burgers.   Boy was I disappointed, I had the "all good burger" what a misnomer.  The two stars are for the wait staff alone - otherwise this joint gets zero stars in my book.
4	Watched the Broncos beat the Patriots here, and everyone was super friendly. Good drinks and good food. Prices are very typical for the Strip. Ask for Gabrielle (from Hawaii), she rocks.
1	I had great expectations for this restaurant showcasing Mario Batali and Joe Basstianich. But were we extremely disappointed. When we stepped into the restaurant, I should have heeded my instinct and turned around and walked out. The atmosphere was fast food stark, half empty and the hostess wanted to seat us in the back where there wasn't even the benefit of watching the sports offerings at the bar. The menu prices were high; we ordered a couple of beers on tap, onion rings, fried oysters to share which were over fried, split a so-so overpriced burger. Then we were smacked in the face when we got our bill for $82. Definitely NOT worth it. Do not waste your money here. There are better places you can go for a good burger in LV!I'd give this place 0 stars if I could.
2	Really?? This is Batali's take on gourmet burgers? Before I rail on the burger, let's give some love to the things that were solid. Nutella milk shake that my buddy had was simply outstanding! The Beer selection is solid, with enough craft beer on tap and by the bottle to pair with any of the burgers. The fried pickles and the sauce for dipping was also a table favorite. Now when it comes to what should have been the star of the show, the burger,  disappointment abounded at our table. The menu does offer what should be some appealing options but when they arrived the were really more akin to a Carls Jr $6 burger than a $15 gourmet burger. Nothing special on the patty and the bun frankly looked like something they had gotten from the bakery section at the local supermarket. If they were not pricey it would not be a big deal, but with the name on the door you expect big things and B&B simply doesn't deliver. I live in Southern California, home to some of the best gourmet burgers in the country. If this place opened there it wouldn't last 6 months. Come on Mario, this is fixable, were talking burgers here!
1	After waiting 30 minutes for a table and being told they accommodate food allergies we tried to order a burger with lettuce rather than a bun, they told us they don't do any substitutions and it would be an extra 6 dollars for a side of lettuce. We left and went to I heart burger who substituted a side salad for the bread free of charge
5	Loved it!Me and the wife came in at 6 pm on a friday. No problem seating. Ordered the Morning After. Not sure who the genius was to add a Sunnyside up egg to a burger but it is out of control good..... Ingredients are second to none. I have spent more money on weaker burgers. I think the price is right for what you get in quality. Only one minor issue but I didnt ding them because it is a personal issue. I dont like shoe string fries I like steak fries. If they would ask my opinion on what to improve I would suggest the steak fry option and to have speciality ketchup like... curry ketchup... or A1 ketchup etc... Again no true complaints we had a great meal, oh and the server Stephanie from the Chino Hills area of California was great.
2	What happened, Mario Batali?Food: My burger was wrapped in brown paper like it was from a fast food joint - you can taste like a classic burger without looking like crap. My friend also ordered chicken wings that didn't quite taste right.Service: Our waitress was attentive, but the rest of the wait staff was sooo poorly trained! It's as if B&B decided to only hire kids with zero work experience.
1	Few first impressions of B&B: Overpriced and overrated. My friend and I ordered the Chicken Heroes Sandwich (Pretzel Roll, Arugula, Tomato Jam, Burrata, Balsamic Mustard) for $15. Talk about OD on bread! It made the sandwich too dry, and the dressing overpowered the meat itself. My ginger ale was soothing, but sadly overpriced for around $5. Our waiter was attentive, but kind of just hovering over us, which felt a bit uncomfortable. B&B will have to win my taste buds back, if I give it another chance.
2	Should've taken the cue given this was the only empty restaurant around, but we were a group of starving girls who didn't want to deal with the hassle of waiting and standing around in line. Bad choice.I ordered the Chicken Heroes Sandwich, served on a pretzel roll. The chicken itself was fine but the bread was overpowering! I love my carbs; however the bread was very dry and on the verge of becoming stale. Normally I don't really pay attention to plating, but this sandwich was served on a very long plate, and it just looked lonely and weird.Service was friendly and earnest enough, but very choppy, and the staff was clearly inexperienced. Also, this is a casual joint, so I thought it was very strange when they served our food in unison - out of nowhere 3 servers stepped up up to our table and it was like this awkward orchestration of serving our food. i've only seen this done in more formal dining settings, and it just doesn't really jive with the whole beer and burger vibe.Definitely waiting in line for Noodle Asia next time, that place hits the spot!
5	Not sure what more you could ask for from a higher end burger jointI guess Mario could have served your burger on roller skates, holding sparklers, and in a t shirt that had holes cut out in the nipples for better reviews Fried oysters - solidWings - small but good sauce Morning after burger - excellent Wife had the Nutella Shake and it was spectacular It was not busy when we were there for an early Friday lunch but every employee went out of their way to be friendly and provide good service. My drink was never empty, no empty plate sat on our table, and our server checked on us at least 5xWe would def go back.
2	Hard to believe a burger place with just a handful of people at 6:30 on a friday! We started with fried pickles and i swear about 12 to an order for about $6. Burgers seemed and tasted pretty basic for the price. The best part of the meal for myself was the cabbage slaw. We ordered the bottom burner and the morning after. Both tasted just Ok! Nothing really special stood out except the price! All in all two burgers, order or fries. Slaw and those pickles with water to drink was $50. I really think they missed the mark on what could be a great place!
4	it's no Burger Bar (Hubert Keller still owns the crown for burgers in Vegas), but at the prices, it doesn't need to be. of my sample size of 1 burger at each location, Batali's joint beats out Gordon Ramsey's BurGR. my burger at BurGR was too dry and lacking in beefiness of flavor. at B&B i ordered the burger with the fried egg. it was a bit sloppy - fell apart too quickly and became a drowned out mess, but still quite tasty even after it lost its structural integrity. and the first few bites before the bun disintegrated were heaven. I would probably order the same without the mushrooms, as I suspect that those are the key culprit in the rapid deterioration of my bun (other than the burger juices and the runny egg yolk, neither of which i'm willing to eschew).the meat is well seasoned, juicy, and cooked to exactly my requested medium-rare. BurGR failed on all 3 of those accounts, so already B&B wins on that account alone.
2	Service to start off was pretty unfriendly. I would expect higher standards from a place located in such an upscale hotel not to mention the prices. Bar staff wasn't very knowledgable on craft beer which should be a big no-no for a place specializing in craft beers. I was told that I asked for too many changed to a burger. I thought a burger bar was supposed to allow you to get what you want???? This place was good when it was rattlecans. Bar maid came across that I was a bother. I ordered medium rare and got something far from it. After I was done eating I had about half a beer left. Bar maid brought me the check assuming I was leaving, never asked if I wanted anything else. This place has some work to do. The fancy chef name on the sign won't keep people rolling in forever. Get some better people that actually want to be there and make sure they are well versed on your product offering before you put them in front of customers that you are expecting to pay 40 bucks for a burger, fries and a beer.
5	This place rocks my Vegas socks.  I sat at the bar on the to-go side and was served dinner there by Patrick and it was phenomenal.I went to carnevino the day before and was impressed but i was really blown away by the value for dollar at B&B Burger, not to mention the excellent service. I wasn't starving so I had the fried oysters, which were lightly coated in corn meal, I think. They were so light and crispy... An amazing preparation. I also got the chopped salad, which was similar to the one at Carne but was big enough for an entree.Patrick made me a special gin creation, similar to an aviation but with his own touches. My only critique is that the signage to the restaurant from the casino floor is basically non-existent so.... I had to ask two people for directions to the restaurant.
5	Stopped by with friends last night after catching a show & was very pleased with both the food & service. We sat at the bar & our bartender Manny was fantastic! He was very knowledgable about all of the different beers and the food too. The Morning After burger was delicious. I will definitely return to sit on the patio that overlooks the canals at the Venetian.
5	I am dubious of Las Vegas and all its glory; I find the glitzy veneer and sensory overload to be too much for the curmudgeon in me. I'm especially dubious of restaurants associated with celebrities and, likewise, celebrity chefs. So imagine my dismay when our team went to Batali's B&BB&B after the tradeshow.. it screams antithetical screams of GOURMET BURGERS! FANCY FRIES! And TWELVE-DOLLAR MILKSHAKE! Well... I'm ashamed to admit it but the food was really good here. Not a single complaint amongst the four of us, even the guy who got the $9 milkshake.The Morning After was a fried egg burger with truffle aioli and frisse. (Aren't these the ingredients of a $50 plate?) The burger was juicy, the fried egg fried to perfection - the warm yolk mixing with the aioli, the cheese an excellent counterpoint to the frisse, and the bun keeping it all together into a lovely sandwich.I still can't believe I'm writing a glowing review of a douche-magnet of a restaurant with Mario Batali's name.
5	This place was fantastic. I was in need of a good burger, so upon taking out my nifty Yelp app, it led me to this place. Excellent service from the get-go, we sat and gazed at the menu. The beer selection was decent, and the burger I had was absolutely perfect. I had a milk stout that was pretty tasty too. I can't understand any bad reviews coming from this place. If there is, it's probably from uppity vegetarians.
5	I just have to give such a high rating because I have been so disappointed by other gourmet burgers that I feel like it has been years since I have had a great burger.This was a great burger.I didn't love the atmosphere, I thought it was a little cold and not an environment I would be tempted to hang out and enjoy a few drafts.  However, for $9, I had the drive-thru burger and devoured it.  I am lucky they don't have a location close to my home or I would be getting one of these weekly.Everything about my burger was spot on.  And my appetizer of the un-fried mozzerella was delicious.
1	Let's start by saying I nor the other person in my party eat pork. We spent 5 minutes talking with the waitress how pork does not belong in a lobster roll and ordered a lobster roll with NO bacon. The lobster roll came out with bacon. We told the waitress and she took away the roll and the manager came over. They did not bring us a new roll but instead gave us a free milkshake (which we didn't even want) the bill came and we mentioned something about taking the roll off since it was made incorrectly and we were never brought a new one. They wouldn't take it off the bill because they gave us a milkshake that we didn't even want. I can't believe Mario and Bastianich put their name on this place. Obviously it's just so they can make money. They definitely wouldn't eat the slop served here. The cod sandwich was flavor less and soggy. I wish we would have ate at Mcdonalds (no joke)
2	This was an interesting experience. The whole fam is in Vegas so we wanted something tasty, yet kid friendly so this seemed like a good place. We had a reservation and were seated immediately. We had three different people check on us, and I still don't quite know who our server actually was. One gal took our order and came back like 3 times to ask questions about it. It wasn't that hard being we all ordered burgers! All the food came out at once along with 3 people to deliver it. She forgot my daughter's burger so she had to put in the order again.  Burger. Cheese. Mayo. Tomato. Not difficult. It came with no mayo. We ordered a salad. Got our salad. She comes out with another salad and says "did you get your salad?" I also ordered a second beer and did not get the beer I asked for :(The food was really good. Burgers fries and onion rings were all very tasty. But the service just wasn't up to par. Paying $170 for 7 people at a burger joint I expect much, much better service. I guess we should have tried Gordon Ramsay :/
5	I thought this place was fantastic. I strolled right in and sat at the bar. The bartender was very attentive and got me a Kilt Lifter. I ordered the Bottom Burner and it arrived looking like a work of art. I don't think I've ever seen a burger that just looked so good. It tasted fantastic as well. It's a spicy burger, but not overpowering. Fantastic. Love this place.
5	We ate here yesterday early lunch! We sat on patio and it was a gorgeous day! The wait staff excellent and very attentive to us. The Drive Thru Burger was to die for and the onion rings I believe are the best onion rings we ever had! My husband says that and he is hard to please. I loved this place and will def go back next time in Vegas!
1	We thought we would be ok with a burger place. Well apparently not. We were seated immediately inside and we asked for an outside seat as the sun was out and we thought it would be a nice way for us to enjoy Vegas while we ate. We were told the would be a 5 minute wait to be seated outside. Sure, not a problem we say as we sip our water. About 10 minutes later we were advised that we could be seated outside and to head out. We were told to check in with the woman out there. So we went up and said we were told our table was ready. She, I kid you not, looked us up and down really nastily and then said there was a 5 minute wait. We advised that we already waited inside for our table. She repeated again that it was going to be at least a 5 minute wait. We look around and there's 4 tables that are free, clean and set for service. Asking her where we should wait she waved at the couches in the sun. Less than impressed much? I know! She then trots back 10 minutes later and says we have a table. Then says it's in the sun if that's ok. We say no its not. We want part shade. After waiting that long in the sun I needed a cool spot. Which ended up being another 5 minute wait. The food itself was ok, be warned however that my best friend got food poisoning from this meal, she had a burger (who knew you could stuff that up?). She's been up all night vomiting and had to go to the doctor today. All in all, not worth visiting. Our waiter wasn't too bad but the whole visit was soured by the I'm too good for you hostess. Oh. And the food poisoning.
3	Burger was good, fried oysters weren't as good. Overall good lunch.
2	Well Mr. Batali & Bastianich,   You should go back and re-vamp this restaurant.    Quite mediocre at best. I know all the bestest, freshest incrediants are used, that's great! However, 4 different burgers all just ok~ we all expected more  the luke warm French fries didn't help either.   Our server was pleasant, knowledgable & efficient!     Can't imagine a reason to revisit B & B Burger & Beer. You want an GREAT burger??? Go to BACHI BURGER  you won't be disappointed
2	First time we went on this trip the service was great and the food was great too.  We were seated quickly, got our drinks and food quickly.  Loved the Drive Thru Burger.  The Royal Burger was good, but not as good as the Drive Thru Burger.  Don't waste calories or money on the fries.  Just order another burger.  The Nutella Shake was good but not excellent.My husband liked our burgers so much that we went back the next day.  It was truly a Jekyll and Hyde type experience.  Everything that was good the day before was awful the next day.  The service was horrible.  We waited 20 minutes to get our drinks and put in our order.  Then about 20 minutes later our waiter comes and tells us that all hell is breaking loose in the kitchen and that it is going down in flames.  They are losing orders and that he had no idea when we were getting our food.  Finally, 1 hour after we arrived, we receive our burgers.  They were just ok...it was like we were in an alternate universe.  Just yesterday they were fantastic and today they were just ok.  So disappointing.  We won't be going back.  If they could guarantee that the food and service would be as good as the first time we would go back but since the second time was so awful it just isn't worth it.
3	The B&B group has garnered a lot of accolades ever since Chef Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich partnered up and created some of the best restaurants in the United States.  Babbo, Lupa, Esca, Casa Mono, Tarry Lodge, Del Posto, Osteria Mozza, Pizzeria Mozza, Chi Spacca, Bar Jamon, Becco, Carnevino, OTTO Enoteca Pizzeria, B&B Ristorante, and the massive Eataly.  So when I heard they opened a casual burger and beer restaurant in Vegas, I had to try it.Being lenten season, I gave up red meat, rice, and pork.  So no burger for me, but luckily, they do serve lobster roll.I went on my last day in Vegas for lunch with my new found friends at the seminar that I was attending.  I ordered the lobster roll and nutella shake.Both were wonderful!  The lobster was sweet and cooked perfectly, it has a nice coat of mayo but not overpowering.  The bread was great, nice light golden brown crisp on the outside and has a nice chew on the inside.  Perfect bread to lobster ratio.  Great in every single way.The nutella was uber rich, not in a bad way but my goodness, this shake is pure awesomeness.  It was very hearty to say the least.  It just hit the spot.  wonderful shake!Now with the food reviewed, let's talk about the restaurant itself.  It feels "forced".  I felt that they did not have to open a type of restaurant like this, it's stuff into a corner of the Venetian.  This is not the typical restaurant they open, it's too casual, to the point where the staff seems like fresh graduates from high school.  No service at all.  One of the diner had use one of the chairs to put all our bags into it, the manager asked us if he can take the chair back because they "may" use it.  The place was half empty, this itself is not typical B&B service.  The kid servers just stand there and talk to each other like it's high school once again.When we asked for the bill, it took 22 minutes to get our bill and another 3 minutes to run the card.I would skip this restaurant.  It's a polar opposite from my dinner at Carnevino.  Yes, totally different restaurant but service in any restaurant should be consistent, especially when they're own by the same group.
3	Food was good. Had the Bottom Burner. Cooked to order, nice amount of heat to it. The fries came out hot, tasty, but become inedible when once cooled. Onion rings were better option.Beer selection was OK, have had most on menu, so, didn't wow from that aspect.Where points were lost was service. Our waitress didn't really know the menu, so, she could not answer questions and really could not explain the concept of the restaurant/menu as part of her opening schpeil. Had difficulty taking the order, and when she entered the order, must have entered the wrong table number, because our food started to go to a different table. Runners then came with our food and said "you changed tables?".Also: there was a constant battle going between different parts of the restaurant and staff re: music volume. One minute at deafening levels, next, down. Rinse repeat.
5	Whoa. Skip the burger and get the Lobstah Roll. Frekkin amazing. Ok if you do get a burger there's one with a sunny side up egg on top...the morning after burger or something? Get that one! I was impressed by the bar b/c they had several bottles of amaro on display, specifically Fernet-Branca.  Get some chilled!
1	It was a late night and we decided to get one more beer and a bit of food. I asked for a recommendation of the best burger, like I do at a lot of places. I was told "it's really good". I said, I asked for a recommendation and Greg said the same thing. The bartender clarified that the name of the burger was called, it's really good. It was like who's on first bit so I played along. Greg then said "maybe the 5th time is the charm". I could tell you about the unwillingness to offer up alcohol info, making fun of another 2 guys who were at the bar, the asking us if we want pepper when we were done already, or the sheer overall uncaring shown to the 6 people to our left and right - but it's late and I need sleep. We got a comment card at the end and I wanted to fill it out, but we weren't given an ink pen - I said, do you want my birthday so I can join your rewards? I was told it's a comment card and they have no idea what the birthday is used for. We then offered up feedback to Greg and the bartender personally. The bartender seemed to care, and he did a pretty decent job. Greg knew we were upset with him and the girls next to us were to. He sat and took it but never apologized or wanted to make it right. We left paying the full bill. This placed opened in December and both of them have been there since the beginning. This place was horrible - I will never come back. And I hope nobody else goes unless something changes in a HUGE way. The names attached to this place made me want to go - food was so average and beer prices were marked up 900% on bottles. Avoid at all costs.
2	Wow I was so looking forward to this place, until I actually visited ! (Obviously I hadn't read any of the Yelp reviews!) The good was I wanted beer and a burger and to watch some sport and they had all three! Yay them. The bad. The service was average... The guy was pleasant but again pretty uninterested he didn't have any suggestions, didn't seem to know much about beer. Which is odd, right? Because they really only sell two products. Anyway the food was just flavourless. It was cooked just as we asked but it didn't taste like anything. Salt your food people, salt yo food ! It was lackluster and considering the names behind the restaurant brand it just doesn't seem to fit.You can do better than B&B in Vegas... !
1	This has to be one of the worst burger joints in all of Las Vegas. I invited my friend for lunch, and to take in some of the NCAA March madness at The Venetian. I asked him to meet me at B & B Burger at an outside table so we could watch the games. When ordering our food, I asked the waiter what the best side item was too have with our burgers. Granted they were all $7 or $9 for fries, onion rings, warm potato salads, etc. He recommended the onion rings with our selected burgers (the standard for me which was$9 and the Morning After which was $15 for my friend). Our waiter was happy to recommend the onion rings so we went with his suggestion. While we waited for our food, we requested water 3 times. We got our meal, but still did not get our water or napkin setup. I tried one of the onion rings and then another while trying to track our waiter down for what would be expected, napkins, silverware and a glass of water, on our table already. I turned to my friend and asked him if he tried the onion rings because they were decent. He said yes, and I asked him how many he had. He told me one. Low and behold, there were only 2 left in the basket! So that would make a total of  5 onion rings (see above on how much we paid for the "basket"of onion rings). We asked our waiter, since he "highly" recommended the onion rings, if this was some sort of kitchen error. His reply was no - it wasn't a mistake, it only comes with 5 onion rings. We were disgusted. I felt like pouring the water we didn't yet have over his head...which might have spilled onto our dried out burgers to make them moist. Overall, poor service, very poor waiter recommendation, and below average food for the price - 2 burgers and 5 onion rings $35 not including the tip. Lucky I don't know the other B's name in B & B Burger, but for Pete's sake Mario Batali, why don't you just brand a line of toilet plungers than throw your name on restaurants you have no interest in or where you control the quality. Too bad, I was hoping to find that elusive burger in Vegas.ps. I don't condone spilling any type of liquid on service folk, mostly in fear of behind the kitchen door retaliation. Although, the service was below average, we still maintained the 18% tip decorum.
3	I am a little disappointed with B&B Burger & Beer considering how much I like its brother restaurant, B&B.  This signature Batali orange restaurant is nothing to write home about.  I had the Morning After which is a mushroom burger with an egg.  I like Fukuburger's egg burger much better and it cost a lot less.  However, I would probably have to bring my own camp chair if I want to sit at the food truck.  Here, I can sit in a cold, silver, metal chair and listen to Alanis Morisette.  I gotta say my waiter looked fit so that is pleasing.  It wasn't pleasing when he kept asking me how the food was when my mouth was full of burger.  I guess he knew it wasn't that great.  I guess it is okay to eat here if you don't mind strip prices and you really need a burger and you are nearby.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here though.  This is no Burger Bar.
4	Chosen for it's proximity to the Venetian poker room, I had a pretty good meal. Sat at the bar and the enthusiasm of the barkeeps was infectious. These guys were handing out samples of all sorts of different beer and whiskey, and had a story to tell for each one. Food wise, it was all pretty good. Started off with the fried pickles, which, I am obligated to order whenever it is on a menu. Cmon people, it's fried pickles. Anyway, they were tasty. Ditto for the Eggplant Parm on Ciabata bread with a basil pesto. Delicious. I can't explain why I got good service and others didn't. Maybe you have to sit at the bar.
1	Greg has a beard and no people skills
2	Sorry Burger & Beer we would never come back to your establishment- music extremely loud, pastrami sandwich came out with burned bread, and very expensive for what you get.  Much better options available on the Vegas strip.
2	This place is a D list burger when compared with the others on the strip. The food itself was ok. I had the lobster roll and my boyfriend had the burger which I also tried. We also had the chicken wing appetizer which where comparable to the kind you buy in the frozen food section. I would have had dessert if the server offered it but he just dropped the check without asking so we went to a cupcake bar also inside the venetian. The service was really terrible, with the exception of the hostesses who where very nice and welcoming. We pretty much always tip 20% tip but this guy did so little that we tipped less. The best part of this experience was the beer I had which I can't remember the name  of but it had grapefruit flavor and was very yummy! Wouldn't recommend it. Go to burger bar or Gordon Ramsay Burgr instead.
2	Asked for a royale med rare. Got it well done and cool to the touch. Mentioned it and they shrugged. It's ok. Just not great.
2	Well, by most off-the street burger places, even those who tend to be as pretentious as this place, this effort falls flat - but the experiences did have potential.One night with a client I had the Really Good Burger cooked MED with an order of fries. I mentioned to the waitress the birger was overcooked and that the fries were limp and cold, she brought me another burger - bloody rare, not MED -.  I opted for the Salt & Pepper Chips after seeing the fries. The replacement chips were way overseasoned. They were so salty they burned my taste buds. If it were not for the draft Stella...Two nights later I was on the receiving end of a dinner out by one of my vendors. They wanted to go to B&B. Being a gracious guest, I kept quiet thinking I could just find something else to order than a burger or a fried potato side.I ordered Crispy Cod sandwich and a lettuce wedge. The fish was greasey but it was hot, another 30 seconds of draining in the basket would have made it much better than bleeding the oil on the bottom of the sandwiches tarter sauce covered base. Again, it was OK, but for the price I would of expected something ... more. If everything was executed and served correctly, I could easily give B@B Burger and Beer 3 to 3.5 stars. However, after two attempts in a week I'm crossing this place off of my list of Vegas places to eat, at any price.
3	The main thing I remember is that I was at the Venetian and I couldn't find any place without a line besides this one because it was during lunch time during a conference so I ended up coming here and spending $37 for lunch and I was still hungry.In other words, it's expensive and the portions aren't too big. It is also sort of slow. I had time to go to the bathroom, play a bunch of rounds of puzzles and dragons on my phone and sit idly for 5 minutes before the chicken wings came. Then after I finished those, I babysat my water for another good 7 or 8 minutes before the lobster roll came. After which I sat there with my wallet out for another 5 minutes before I got the check. Then I bounced within 5 seconds. If only the service were as swift as me.Anyways, the food tastes good, but probably is only worth half the price. I suppose it's an upcharge for some chef that owns this that I don't know, but I don't know, so that meant nothing to me. I was just hungry.$9 chicken wings were really good with the sauce and tenderness but probably only $5 worth of meat in this$21 lobster roll tastes on the higher end of average and supposedly has a lot of meat in terms of weight, but whatever, I was still hungry. Add on tax and tip and thats $37! If I am in a similar situation in the future, I think I'll put $50 on black and then come here if I win, or take my chances waiting in the line at the noodle place.
4	Our burger was good. Pretzel roll was soft.  Service was good. Food came out quick. Milkshake was thick & yummy. French fries were fresh cut, thin & just warm. Not my preference.
5	Amazing Burger!! The onion rings were great too. Fries were good. We are going back for the shake before this trip is over. I had the drive thru and I will have it again.
5	Five stars is not enough. This is the second best burger in the U.S.  B&B Burger & Beer was a Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich venture. They had other jointly owned establishments in town, so this provided B&B with enhanced access to stellar ingredients. The beef was a prime example. The beef blend (50% Brisket and 50% Chuck) was ground and blended fresh daily onsite from hand-selected sides of beef from Niman Ranch. The beef was broken down, ground, and blended by the on-site butcher. Yes, these guys had a guy picking out the sides of beef for the burgers. Niman Ranch beef is 100% Angus, vegetarian diet, and no hormones/antibiotic free. The burgers came out at 6 ounces each. The Drive Thru was two 3-ounce patties, and my burger was a single 6-ounce patty. The beef was splendid. The flavor hit us in a rush of sear, beef, salt and pepper, complex mineral notes, and a little blood. The texture was firm and then creamy. The burger patty was perfectly juicy with no trace of oiliness. The beef resembled  Stracciatella cheese  in its complexity and delicate texture, but the beef brought a sledgehammer of flavor to the palate. This was one of those bites that made me smile and slow down as I savored eat bite. The Drive-Thru Burger was very similar to my Bar Burger, except that burger had twice the sear and twice the cheese. I will be getting that burger on my next visit. The beef was perfect.B&B Burger & Beer is now on my list of top burgers in the country. It edged out the burgers at BurGR on the merit of the sear. This burger was on par with the spectacular cheeseburger at The Brindle Room in NYC. I found myself already missing the burger as took my last few bites. I am fortunate to live close enough to Las Vegas to repeat this experience.  FINE DINING ON A BUN.
4	Really good burger guys!We were doing the gondola trip at the venetian and has 45 minutes before our booked slot. Explained this and they promised we would definitely be do e in time - which we were. I went for the royale burger. Medium rare to perfection, dripping with clean juices from the meat onions and cheese. Great crispy fries too. Really impressed. Not the cheapest but hey for a burger this good and an outside table with a great view who cares!
1	Sorry to say, I would be amazed if this place is still open in a year.  It sounded like a reasonable competitor v. Gordon Ramsay's BurGR, but that would appear to be wrong.  Our crew ordered a burger each, and one of our 4-some wanted to get a lobster roll to share (it's a tiny thing and makes 4 very little pieces).The burgers just weren't good enough to meet the expectation from reading through the menu.  If you see "jalapeno" and "Mario's hot sauce" you'd expect some heat... nope; swing and a miss.  One of our group gave up after going through half his burger.  The lobster roll was a soggy mess... I could not detect the bacon and the sweetness came from the mayo concoction, not the lobster meat.The plates are plain as can be, with a tiny dollop of pickled veggies to give the left hand side of the rectangular plate some color.  I think the staff is heavily incented to push sides, the pressure was palpable and somewhat off-putting.  The food took a long time to come from the kitchen (and this serving a mostly empty joint), so something seems amiss.
2	They should change the name to just "Beer".  The burgers were a disappointment.  First, a $15, 6 oz. burger better be fantastic, but it wasn't.  Second, I ordered the burger with BBQ sauce (a 50 cent upcharge) and  it looked like they put it on with an eye dropper.  I couldn't even taste it.  The service was much like what others have described.  The server was attentive enough but his attitude was such that I wished he hadn't been.Go to Lagasse's Stadium if you are at the Venetian/Palazzo. Not the greatest burger in the world but next to this place, it is a huge step up.
5	Stumbled upon this place outside the Venetian, and I thought it was going to be way out of my price range (I mean, Batali and Bastianich, right?). But it was surprisingly pretty affordable (for Vegas standards, anyway). The Morning After burger was divine -- fried egg, truffle. Yum! Note that the burgers aren't your massive portions, but they're filling enough, and they don't shy away from flavor. They don't come with sides either, but do try the onion rings. They were the crispiest and lightest I've ever had.They had a good beer selection, plenty of nice, outdoor seating (with shade), and a good mix of burgers, sandwiches and sides. Not bad. Not bad at all!
1	Absolutely terrible service. Even after we talked to the manager, our waiter never refilled our drinks and had a complete attitude. The food was great but I wouldn't go back. Treating customers like you're doing them a favor is no way to run a business. And, by the way, they burned my bread for the lobster roll!
1	The food looks good but has absolutely no taste whatsoever. I ordered the fried pickle app and it was the worst fried pickles I have in my life. Then for my meal I ordered a steak hoagie and that was a total fail. I'm from PA so I know how Philly cheesesteaks should taste. The steak em's u buy in the frozen section of the grocery store taste better. Also they seem to use the same batter across the board for everything which is a big no no. Plus here is the kicker their food is super expensive. I would rather go to McDonalds. Lol. Overall I will never come back and suggest u don't even waste ur time.
4	Stoped in for what was a genuinely enjoyable lunch on the patio, near the front pools with the Gondola rides at the Venetian.Started with deep fried pickles which were sliced into nickle sizes pieces, different from the quartered pickles that you usually would see.Pulled pork was really good, although admittedly the one flaw was the cilantro in the coleslaw that was on top. I really don't like cilantro, but it was still a good sandwich.Lunch with 4 beers, an app, 2 sandwiches, and aside of fries came out to just over $90 after tax and tip. Not a cheap lunch, but the atmosphere and quality of the food make it a worthy stop.
1	This was my 2nd "B&B Boy" venture, and again, this disappointed.   (first was CarneVino) Went here before a show at the Venetian, and had reservation, and didn't need them.  The place was more than 1/2 empty.   It took about 10 minutes for the waiter to come over, bring menus.  On their drink menu, they had Fever Tree Ginger Ale, so I asked if they had Fever Tree Tonic or Bitter Lemon.  Waiter looked confused, and I stated, you sell ginger ale, do you have tonic, and he said I don't think so.  He didn't check - so rather than get him anymore confused I went with a signature drink, which was very good - Blood Orange Cosmo.  Appetizers were shishito peppers and fried, not so fried pickles, which were the highlight of our meal.  I ordered the Royal with Cheese, and the melted cheese and grilled onions disintegrated the bread, and not mid way thru the meal, the first bite.  It goo'd and ooze all over my hand.   I don't mind a GOOD burger to be a mess, but not that.   Had to ask for salt, because even with all the cheese & onion, it still lacked salt.    We stayed at the Mirage, and always eat at BLT Burger - we totally REGRETTED not eating there, and walking over to the show.    I have a cast iron stomach, but I was in desperate need of tums during the 2nd act of the show.   I'd go back for the cosmo, peppers & pickles - but don't want to pay $50 for just that.  I gave it 1 star, because it's not called pickles & peppers, it's burgers, and they couldn't deliver.
5	I throughly enjoyed my experience at B&B. A few friends and I were walking The Strip and wanted to grab lunch at a place with out door seating and we came across B&B. I ordered the Bar Burger with a pretzel bun, mushrooms and cheese, medium. It was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. One of the best burgers I've had! We also ordered the fries, I will say I enjoyed the taste better when they weren't piping hot. I loved it and hope to go back next time I'm in Las Vegas!
4	Was probably the best meal I while in Vegas.  We stopped here for a late dinner and watched the gondolas and Mirage volcano going off.  I had the Royale with cheese and my fiance had the Morning After.  Both were spectacular.  Only gripe would be that the burgers do not come with fries, you need to order a side.
5	It was my bachelorette party and we were staying at the Palazzo. My friend and I got there early and decided to take a quick walk around and grab a bite. I read about it on UrbanDaddy in an old email and decided to try it, especially since I love burgers.I ordered the Royale with Cheese, medium rare, alongside fries and the slaw. And you can't have a burger without beer, so I ordered a Blue Moon.The burger was DELICIOUS. I HIGHLY recommend stopping by... oh man, so good. The fries and slaw were okay... if I could do it again, I'd order just the burger, which I did... before I flew out two days later on a Sunday.My friends ordered the morning after burger and said it was amazing as well. It comes with a small sliver of pickled vegetables.
4	I had this crazy fantasy that Mario Batali himself was in the back grinding up Carnevino's riserva, ribeye and porterhouse cuts to be made into patties.  Not exactly the case but the guys behind one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas definitely know beef.  So a visit here was inevitable despite the mixed reviews.Before B&B burger opened, Batali himself said "The food will be easier to accept if you've never heard of me."  Everyone comes to expect so much with his name on the front.  My verdict: a damn good burger!  We ordered what most reviewers got and also what the servers recommended.  The "Morning After" was everything I want in a good burger.  The patty was a very juicy medium rare.  The egg on top looked and tasted so perfect upon my first bite which then turned into a beautiful mess of yolk everywhere.  The bun itself was excellent with a kind of croissant quality to it.  I was only able to notice it after eating part of the bun separately though.  The royale with cheese was also very good and my wife preferred this more with all its caramelized onion glory.I still would have paid more for a riserva patty though :)
4	Came here for our anniversary !  Excellent service great food! We even got a complimentary ice cream shake ! Totally recommend!!
1	Almost left without eating. Walked up and asked hostess for a table for two. First she had to put our name in the computer before they could seat us. Uhhh, OK. Then she asked if there was anything we were allergic to. OK, a little stranger.We were seated. The restaurant was about a third full. Someone came and filled our water, but we still had no menus. We waited about 15 minutes and were just about to get up and leave when the guy came back and filled our water again. I asked him if he could find a waiter for us, who then finally came over. Oh, before that the manager had dropped off the menus, but told us someone would be there to take our order shortly.Finally we ordered a couple of the "Royale" burgers and the warm potato salad. My wife was going to order a milkshake, but it was $9 for a regular, and $12 if you wanted them to put a shot of rum in it. No thanks. Of  course, the waiter didn't bother to ask if we wanted anything else to drink, so all we had was water.The burgers came after a CONSIDERABLE wait. While we were waiting, the table behind us got up and walked out, because like us, no one came to wait on them.The burgers were OK. Pretty average, nothing special. I ordered medium, and it was medium-rare. My wife's was well done as ordered. The warm potato salad was very good. The highlight of the meal. The burgers were definitely not worth the $15 they charged. I would say it was more of a $7 burger. Not even close to the quality of what you get at Gordon Ramsey's Burgr in Planet Hollywood.The staff was disorganized, weird, and the manager didn't seem like she was in charge. Don't bother with this place. Head to Burgr for the best burger on the strip.
5	It was well past lunchtime, and my gal and I were very hungry from shopping on the strip. Earlier in the day I was commenting about joe, one of the founders of this joint, and how I'm sure it would be good. So on our way back to our hotel we made our way in. Seated promptly in a shady and misty spot on the patio was perfect. Marcus brought us water and let us peruse the menus. Upon his return he recommended to me the "special" burger and claimed it to be the best burger they had. I thought, why not? And let me tell you it wasn't only a good burger, it was the best freaking burger I've ever had. It was incredible! Cooked to perfection. Juicy, not greasy. I just couldn't believe my mouth. 18 dollars, so what!!! Marcus defiantly made my day with his suggestion. My girlfriend also thoroughly enjoyed her burger too. Marcus was awesome, food was delicious. And we were in and out in a reasonably quick amount of time. Go to B and B if you want to be blown away. So glad we did! Thanks Marcus
5	These burgers are to die for and the beer selection is vast. Doesn't get much better than that. Our waiter Stephen was very attentive. Only thing that could be better is the french fries, I'm more of a fan of super crispy.
3	I don't typically write reviews like this, but I'm so torn about how I feel that this may help me to organize my thoughts.Ambiance/Decor- 2/5. The decor was just alright, more like a food court or a very nice fast food restaurant rather than a celebrity chef restaurant.Service- 4/5. Our server checked on us throughout our meal several times and was quite pleasant. She initially put in the order for the wrong burger but came out right away and apologized. The correct burger was a bit delayed, but we were prepared thanks to her quick catch and explanation.Food- Here's where things get dicey...  I guess I'll go with 3/5We started with the "un-fried" mozzarella. I did not really like this. It was not at all what we were expecting. It essentially was toasted bread with a tomato and mozzarella dipping sauce. The bread was burned in many places, and the sauce was mostly tomato. The fries... Not good. I'd have preferred fast-food fries, to be honest. Thin cut, salty, not remarkable, and not good. However, I really enjoyed my "Morning After" burger. The flavor of the meat was great, as was the egg on top. I also really liked the mushrooms. The only downside was that I wish there were just a tiny bit more sauce on it, as it got a bit dry as I ate it. The bread was soft and delicious as well.  Nutella shake- pretty yummy! It was thick, creamy, and had Nutella sauce and little crumbles on top. They also gave us a shaker of the "overflow", so there was plenty to share.One other note- there is another B&B Restaurant inside the Venetian, which made things confusing. This one is located near the sportsbook.
5	Some co-workers and I dined at B&B last week for lunch and had a great experience. As far as service goes, our server Marcus was very attentive. I ordered a Dark & Stormy cocktail where a lime wedge is a key ingredient, and for some reason there were none in-house that day. Marcus made a special trip to the casino area to locate some limes and make my drink complete! We also had a joiner well after most of us had ordered and all of our orders still came out at the same time which was nice. Most of us ordered burgers and salads and we were all pleased with the taste and presentation. I highly suggest the Morning After burger! Top notch service, ambience, and food quality.
4	Good Service! Good atmosphere! Good recommendations! Thanks Modest! You were on point! Outside seating was awesome!
5	This new restaurant at the Venetian has a hidden but adorable patio. If it's not too hot out, sit outside with a great view of the "river" and gondoliers, and the mirage volcano across the street. Very romantic little spot!Bartender Modest was super friendly and gave great advice about the extensive beer menu.
5	B&B Burger & Beer is a really great burger restaurant. Excellent burgers, onion rings and a great beer selection.  Modest the bartender was very friendly, gave great service and recommendations.
5	Miss Modest can make a drink! I LOVED my shake! I can't get the memory of the taste out of my mind. I have already planned my next trip to Vegas and I hope Modest is there (and it would be super if I could see Mario too).
5	My son and I paid B&B a visit. We both had "The Really Good" burger and it was fantastic! The onion rings were cooked to perfection. It's pricey but well worth it. The service was good with a great view of the canal and Vegas. Highly recommended if you want a good burger.
5	I had such a fantastic experience here, and am only disappointed that we visited this establishment on the last day of our trip! After sending off our friend who had an earlier flight, my best friend and I were famished. We packed our things, checked out and placed our luggage in hotel storage and had time to kill until our 9:30pm flight. The first order of business was FOOD. We were staying at The Venetian and decided on B&B Burger which honestly turned out to be one of our best decisions ever. From the moment that we stepped in, the ambiance was chill with the World Cup on multiple screens, the entire staff was friendly  and pleasant, and our server Marcus won us over. You know when you are so hungry that you can't think straight? ...That was us! But Marcus patiently worked with us, was very knowledgeable and attentive while answering all of our menu questions, made recommendations and was genuinely fun and comical to boot. At one point, when we inquired about the taste/consistency of one of the cheese options that was part of the BYOBurger section, Marcus even recruited help to get an accurate description for us (even though we ended up going with standard cheddar!) He absolutely went above and beyond, and, along with our food, was the most enjoyable part of our visit to B&B! I live in NYC - born and raised - where we are generally discerning and have unlimited access to all types of food, and I can honestly say that the buffalo wings, lobster roll and craft cheeseburger we had here at B&B were all delicious! Definitely, visit here and ask for Marcus! Next time I'm in town, I will be sure to. :)
5	My group walked in 5 min before this place closed, Stephen said come on in. Sat us, feed us, was beyond amazing at his job - especially for being so late! I was impressed to say the least. What a great guy! Great service, wonderful food. Will be back!!
3	Burgers were pretty good. Though bun to meat ratio was a tad too much. The meat was juicy as a good burger should be. Onion rings were very delicious as they were different from other onion rings where when you take a bite, the onion piece slides out. However, my biggest qualm was the service. Probably the worst service I've had in a long time. I had to wave someone at the host desk even the host saw me waiting in front. She was too busy or whatnot to not ask me if I want to dine there. I had to yell out if I could get a table to get her attention. When we finally got seated after 15 minutes, there were plenty of empty tables to spare? We waited awhile for our server to order. Then one of the servers walked by our table and told us she made a mistake with another table and had an extra Morning After burger. She asked us if we wanted it, we hesitated because that would mean our other burger and sides would come later. She pressured us and we gave in because we were nice. However, she did not offer to comp us any portion on the bill and we paid full price for the burger. Horrible service, we will probably not return and rather go to Gordon Ramsey's burger restaurant instead.
3	This is a new place in the Venetian that is owned Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich. The concept is simple as is the decor. It's focused on burgers and beers although there are other options on the menu. I had the bottom burner and let me tell you, it lived up to its name. Delicious, cooked perfectly, and the fries were well done. The selection of beers were ok considering I'm from Portland have had so many great micro brews. These were pretty much main stream offerings. The biggest knock was on the service. Our waiter made several mistakes, would walk away when someone was talking to him, and really just didn't follow through or follow up. I would expect better from these owners. Bottom line: food good. Service below average. If given a choice, though, sit outside.
5	Recommended by a friend from my hometown and thought I'd give it a try. Food and drinks were great! Potato salad was like nothing I've tasted before...so good! Highly recommend the caramel milkshake. Max, our server, was so friendly and helpful! He made sure we were enjoying our time and was very good at checking up on us. The guy refilling water and taking dishes was so sweet too. They were also able to adjust a meal to my friend's allergy and gluten free requests! If you're in Vegas go to the Venetian hotel (the restaurant is inside by the casinos) for lunch or dinner here...so worth it.
5	Hungover in Vegas? Come here for the best burger cure! I ordered a create your own cheeseburger on ciabatta bread and I'm still thinking about it!!
2	Bartenders bickered the whole time I was there eating at the bar - very unprofessional. Spent much more time arguing back and forth than they did paying attention to patrons. Good burger, but not great. Definitely did not meet expectations based upon the chef's name on the place. Reflects poorly on them.
3	Their burgers are good.  Not quite as good as Ramsay's BurGR, but still one of the better burgers in town.  And don't get the fries, get the warm potato salad, you won't be sorry.  The service isn't always great.  I've eaten in there about five times and it's hit and miss.  The meatball sandwich was very disappointing, given two Italian Masters own the place.  And the pickled veggie garnish they put on the plate is off-putting and disgusting.  The beer selection is very good.
1	This could potentially worst meal I've had ever. Service was so bad and the place wasn't even busy. Food took forever. Burger came cold. 10 minute to hunt down a server and then out came another burger. Way too salty to the point I couldn't finish without water. Guess what. No server no water. From there, no server for 30 minutes. I never got mad or anything, asked hostess 5 times to help us flag down the server. Nope. Nothing. I could go on for a long time. But I'll keep it at this, Batali should be ashamed to have his name linked to this overpriced dump.
4	Came here for dinner on a Friday night. We had a reservation, but there didn't seem to be much of a wait. We started with a few orders of wings which we all enjoyed. I ordered the Chop Salad (Salami, Beans, Provolone, Cucumber, Oregano Vinaigrette) and it was goooood, I ate it all down to the last piece of lettuce. Other orders included the meatball hero (my friend said it was just ok), the morning after burger (yumm according to one person who ordered it, ok according to another ), and the really good (really good lol).  Sides are separate so we ordered an order of French fries and an order of onion rings for the table. Much to our delight they accidentally brought over an extra order of each and allowed us to keep them gratis! The fries and onion rings were both awesome, we ate them all and were scraping the bottom of the plate for more.
5	Delicious blend of tastes! Loved all the sides, especially the slaw and onion rings.  Shakes are creamy and a must taste! Best service in Vegas....Go!
1	Ugh. Starving but the burger was so greasy I could not eat it. Whatever was on it covered the plate, bun, hands, napkins to the point of puddles. Ironically it was the one question I had asked the waiter before because of the Aioli and was assured it was not greasy. Bad service. An experience in and of itself because I don't expect much from a burger joint. The generous one star was because the onion rings were amazing. And  that  is the least you can award on yelp.
1	DON'T EAT HERE!!!!! So, we ordered 3 things, 2 were terrible! My $18 salad had brown lettuce, literally. Brown. So I sent it back, the next one tasted just terrible. So I didn't eat any of the salad, just the chicken on top. At least they only charged me for the chicken, not the salad. Sweet potato fries were cold. Sent them back, the second batch was ok. Boyfriend's burger was ok. Also extremely loud and slow. :(
4	All in all one good gourmet burger.  Had the royale with cheese medium well.  Perfect.  Milk shake is good.  Beer good selection.   Would of gave 5 but for the price I'm paying for a burger I expect fries or onion rings to be included.  Nope those sides are extra.  Burger and fries come out to $20.  Not crazy but any restaurant has burger and fries from $12-15.  Service was great and even the manager was hands on with helping with our order.
1	Save your money! Zero atmosphere and food is not great. Burgers are small and no flavor....go to Guy Fieri's instead for a celebrity chef burger. I had the meatball sub which is a joke! One 4" roll with two golf ball meatballs and sauce that tastes like it came from a can. Very disappointing from these two chefs especially Joe who picks apart everyone's food on MasterChef. Nope, this is a must pass....sorry to say!
4	Wish I could give 3.5 but I'll round up just bc the lady taking our order at the bar was nice and patient with us ordering. Came in here just looking for something to eat on the way back to the hotel and ordered the Royale with cheese, and it was cheesy goodness! The caramelized onions made it that much better. I would order this burger again although if I had to choose I'd go to Gordon Ramsay's BURGR at PH. The burger there was slightly better there to me.
3	Another burger joint with my trainer for binge weekend.. Great burger, fresh ground black angus, house smoked bacon, house pickled veg., a few tasty sauces. Not much style for a Mario Batali restaurant. But a reasonably priced upscale burger with a clean lower fat content for a juicy burger.
3	Please ignore this review until I can remove it.
4	4.5 stars for food. 2.5 stars for service.5 stars for atmosphere and music. Ok, I will settle on 4 stars average. After trying Otto, I could not wait to seek out another B&B restaurant! I figured I've had almost every other "celebrity chef burger" why not try this one?I randomly made a reservation since I had never been here. Happy I did, because it was super packed, and safe to say under staffed. They asked if we minded sitting on the patio, and the sun was down so we went for it. They have huge shades with misters and classic rock at the appropriate level. We were not getting much service at first. I actually went to the bar, and got my beer before my boyfriend received his from our server. I was totally disappointed in the bar service. No total quoted, no eye contact, just- "here's your beer, thanks for the $20" I was brought change but still nothing was ever said to me. I did like the beer, Brooklyn Lager though. We ordered fried pickles, the burner burger, and the drive thru burger. Off the top, I felt the similarity of Otto with the high quality ingredients. The meat was fresh and cooked to perfection. We also ordered a side of potato salad that had a creamy, sweet mustard style sauce. It was really unique and enjoyable. We ordered a cherry shake to-go and it was worth the $9 price tag. Overall, I could see the disorganization of the staff, people waiting, and lack of service. Even though we personally had a great server and were checked on by management, everyone did not seem so lucky. I will go here again hoping service improves. If it doesn't I will still enjoy a burger, or maybe the lobster roll next time!
2	I want to like this place, but it's not even three stars, really. As overpriced as I expected, for being on the strip ($15 burgers, $6 sides, etc.). The Bottom Burner (how's that for a watered down, faux-cool name?) is only barely spicy despite the menu description, which disappointed me. Otherwise it was ok. Same can be said about the cole slaw. One positive is that it is very convenient to the Venetian poker room, and you can easily get take out here and bring it to your table while playing. That's actually why I went here. Otherwise, no reason to bother.The real problem here is that you just aren't getting what you pay for. Come on Batali and Bastianich, you can do better. Or at least that's what you like to think about yourselves on TV... right?
4	After a week in Vegas spending way too much on food that didn't deliver I was hoping for the best and expecting the least. I was very happy with our visit to B & B. We got right in for a table at around 8:00 pm and quickly had a server at out table. We started with the oyster which were fresh and plump. We followed those with the shishito peppers and romesco. This was a first for me and we LOVED them. I would go back weekly just for these and at $5 they were a bargain. We followed with the drive thru burgers which were  delicious and a relative bargain at $9.  We added a cone of fries and it was just great. I wish we had felt like a shake because they looked great. Also be sure and try the house beer which was clean and delicious. When staying at the Venetian be sure to make this your place for a burger.
5	Great burgers, beer, fries, service, atmosphere. Pricey, but competitive and reasonable for Las Vegas Strip. My wife and I split The Morning After and Royale with Cheese burgers. Wonderful blend of beef, cheese, sauce and bun for both.
4	The patio seating is great, right on the canal. The wait staff was super knowledgeable and friendly. The prices are comparable to other Vegas restaurants. I was a little disappointed that everything is served al a carte, but overall the food was tasty and the atmosphere good.
3	I am a big fan of anything Mario Batali does. I mean venetian should be renamed Batali considering the handful of restaurants he has opened in the hotel.  After the pool we decided to grab a bite at B&B, I made reservations and the staff was friendly.  They asked about any table allergies before we were seated and were so good about explaining which dishes had nuts in them before we ordered.  The service was great.  The food was OK. LA has so many burger places that its hard to outdo the places I have tried. B&B was no Plan Check. The most memorable thing about it was the onion rings.
3	Burger was decent but not great. There are so many options at the Venetian it would be tough for me to go back here. Was hoping for a great burger, got a decent one. The service from the bartenders on the other hand was great.
4	I have to say this place was pretty dead when we came in. Typical burger joint. Lol.It was a larger group and the group ordered. I only had an order of fried oysters. I usually eat these raw but they had nothing else I wanted on the menu.The oysters were battered in a corn meal of some sort and it was lightly fried. Which made the oysters and excellent eat. Everyone else had pepper poppers and burgers. They all said it was ok.My review is based on my fried oysters. It was good. Small portion because it was an appetizer. But perfect for me.Ambience is like a sports bar. Staff is super friendly and accommodating.
3	This place is nice, reasonably priced and great for groups. The service was very good, the food was just ok, but I added a star for the ambiance and service. We had stopped at In & Out Burger earlier that day and all agreed that the burgers here were not as good. The fried oysters were very good, as were the rest of the sides and apps we ordered, but if you're going to have a restaurant with Burger in the name you should probably try to excel in that area. I would return if I was in a large group, but other than that, I think I could find a better burger elsewhere.
3	Burgers were decent, meatball sandwich was good, but not worth the price considering the names attached to it. Seems like you're paying solely for the names. You would think the food would be fantastic, but it was just OK. The fries were ordinary. The onion rings have a sweet batter- almost like a donut. Not very good, and a bit greasy. $78 for hamburgers, a meatball sandwich and fries/rings to share is a little ridiculous. I realize it's Vegas, but we're talking hamburgers! It was deserted when we went late on a Friday night. It was always nearly empty, even during peak dinner times when we walked past it. Pretty telling. I'd save yourself the trip and go to another burger place w/o famous names.
5	Favorite burger place so far, amazing service,helpful waiters, great beer, just loved it.
4	We all had burgers and they were good. Sweet potato fries were great, just a larger portion would be nice. Prices were fairly reasonable. We sat on patio next to the canal and enjoyed the ambiance. Service was excellent.
5	Royal with Cheese is the best burger I've had in Vegas - part of the secret is the mascarpone, which is what I now use when I grill burgers, it really helps it "melt in your mouth"I didn't care much for the lobster roll, but still give this place 5 stars for the sole reason stated aboveI've had Stripburger, Burger Bar, Smashburger, Baci Burger, In and Out, 5 Guys - all very good, but B&B wins
3	Another burger place off my checklist! Overall, service was 3 stars, and food was 3 stars as well. My boyfriend and I tried for the first time tonight, Sunday @ 11pm. So I'll start with the good. There was no wait at all and several tables were open. Now onto the alright lol. I ordered the Morning After Burger and it was a pretty good however the truffle flavor in the aoli was kind of nonexistent and also the egg yolk was slightly overcooked. I will say though, this has been the best meat flavor in a burger on the strip I've tasted however I still am in love with the texture and thickness of Gordon Ramsey's BurGR. The size was nice and had good height as well. My boyfriend ordered the Really Good Burger and well, it was just an okay burger. The meat and toppings seemed to be a lot smaller than my burger! The bacon was a pretty measily portion however it had a cool sour taste to it that was different in a good way. Fries were nothing memorable. Now onto the eh. First thing I didn't really like was that there was something off with the hostess. Everything she was saying was friendly but she had a mad facial expression and was speaking reeeally loudly, almost yelling! Us and the older couple behind us looked at eachother and were kind of confused lmao Also all of the waiters and waitresses seemed really rushed and running all over the place even though it wasn't crowded at all. I even saw the hostess running back to the tables to clear plates..mm no bussers? But overall, it was alright, nothing amazing but I did like the meat flavor in the burger. Also looking at the beer menu, they had a pretty good selection of good quality beers.
4	The Bar Burger (aka Build Your Own Burger to other burger places) was a very good burger. The burger patty was large and cooked to perfection (medium well was perfect with just the slightest hint of pink). The bun, though, was slightly lacking, being dry compared to other burger joints in Vegas. The location of B and B was superb, with the patio located right along the canal outside the Venetian. The service was amazing, and unlike many other places had great service even after ordering just water. Overall, its a good burger and a great burger joints, but not as good as other burger places such as BLT Burger in the Mirage and Burger Bar in Mandalay Place.
5	Royale burger is big, greasy, cheesey, oniony and perfect in almost every way after a couple of long nights in Vegas (or probably before a couple of long nights in Vegas for that matter too!). Better than average beer selection and plenty of seating make this a cool spot.  I had the fries and they were only ok.  Everyone on here seems to like the onion rings so I will try those next time.
3	Everything is expensive on the strip, that's not what my review is about but for what you pay you expect to get the product. On vacation, we decided to go here and ordered fried oysters and a cranberry vodka-not great. I expected more from the oysters, they didn't seem to have they flavor I wanted, the corn mill battering isn't right for fried oysters. My cocktail was way too strong I had to ask for more cranberry for me to even drink it...I wasn't impressed especially for a late night snack.
1	Went for lunch..sat outside nice hot day..few people..food okay..mid way thru meal..asked waitor to refill water for party..nothing...had to complain due to lack of attention..and this was a slow day..wont venture here again
1	Avoid this place like the plague!! Management is so terrible its not even funny.  No atmosphere and food is just ok (if you even get it) I only had to wait an hour for my burger. Haha what a joke go out of business already and do us all a favor. And for you that run this restaurant (not the waiters and bartenders because its not there fault) you should be embarrassed and exit the food industry immediately.
3	It's hard to rate this burger joint with an unbiased mind because my favorite burger place of all time is also on the Vegas strip: Gordon Ramsey's BURGR at Planet Hollywood.But that burger aside, this place was OK. Lots of great signature burgers to chose from with various unique toppings and condiments. Despite the choices, I went with the "build your own" option: burger, pretzel bun, avocado, bacon, lettuce, garlic aioli. You can't go wrong with that combination, but on this occasion it lacked some flavor; I ended up having to ask for more aioli. The pretzel bun was also not pretzel consistency; it really was more like a regular bun. It was good overall, but not amazing.The fries were thin the way I like, but one of our two orders were overcooked and seemed like the stragglers at the end of a batch. Also, I absolutely hate when restaurants don't automatically give you fries (or a side) with your burger make you order them separate. This is especially ridiculous when the burgers are priced at $15 and higher.The beer selection is great. I went with a Moscow mule and it was really good, served complete in a copper mug. My friend thought it was "too gingery" but I don't think he knew that's what ginger beer tastes like. Drinks were also unnecessarily pricey.Our waiter was great: friendly, patient, helpful, gave suggestions, attentive.
4	This was the perfect lunch after a late night on the strip! The Drive-Thru burger was fantastic and came recommended by our server, and the Meatball Sub/Hero was amazing. The meatballs have some kick to them from a perfect blend of seasoning and it was just what I needed. They brought by some of their house-signature beer on the house (it was my birthday!), which was designed by & exclusively for their restaurant. I really enjoyed it. The burgers & sandwiches come without any side, which adds to the price quickly, but the onion rings were phenomenal.
4	They serve a delicious eggplant burger and their shakes are a must with refills. I loved the quick service, but did not enjoy how the server was not too friendly. On the other hand, the hostess was extremely nice. My boyfriend got the drive thru burger and it looked good, but messy. The early morning burger that my friend ordered looked delicious so I would recommend that one. I'd give it a second shot.
1	Went to this restaurant with a party of 12, this place just couldn't Handel it. Poor service, wait time for food was 50 minutes.then when the food was brought to the table 4 orders were wrong and some Cold, manager said she could do nothing to make it right, Mario your places need a lot of help, won't be back( ever )
5	A tad pricey for a burger joint, but well worth it.  A good burger is an art; and this place has the high quality ingredients & service to pull it off.  The "drive through" was perfect.  There was also a lamb burger on special, go for it, if it's an option!  Go for the onion rings.
1	After waiting for an hour for our food it came out cold. We had a large party and we were told they were trying to be able to serve us at the same time. Then five orders were incorrect. The worse thing was instead of saying she was sorry the manager starting arguing with us. Will never come again
2	To say the service is poor, is being polite. Twenty-five minutes to get a beer. At that point, we only order some onion rings. The rings were great, and the only reason they get 2 stars. Severely disappointed. Shocking coming from the B&B stable of restaurants were I have experienced nothing but the finest service and food. Avoid this place and they get their act together.
2	We were looking forward to an amazing burger. Left very disappointed with the poor service.  It took along time to get seated.  Then we were escorted outside to the beer garden. Our preference was to dine inside. Had to wait once again. Requested cheddar versus the suggested pepper jack cheese for my burger and was practically scolded by the waiter. He said they couldn't do that since it would change the burger entirely! Finally insisted on cheddar and I was glad since it was extremely spicy as it was.  The pepper jack would have been too much. Our expectations for a great burger was not met.    Will not be coming back!
1	Lousy food, cold onion rings small oysters, slow service for $16 burgers. I think NOT
2	Very expensive burger be sure to ask for a table not in the back near the waiters station even when there are no other customers no coke just Pepsi soft drinks by the bottle Hey it's Vegas
3	I had a late lunch on the patio with my boyfriend today. our server was attentive and knowledgable when I asked questions about the menu. food was good and the weather was amazing. the 3 star review is based off the lack of customer service i witnessed from other employees. the hostess must have left for a bathroom break or something and was gone for 10-15 minutes. in that short time I witnessed 3 couples and and group of 4 stand by the hostess stand for over 5 minutes and get ignored by every employee that walked by. they even walked right in front of the people in clear view and no one acknowledged them. I almost wanted to get up and seat them myself. they were basically throwing business away. the food and our server were great I was just disappointed by everything else.
3	The burger is not worth looking for it.Medium quality for a chef burger.Mario Batali u have disappointed me
3	I came in last week for a late lunch with my girlfriends, the weather was perfect! So we sat outside.. It was a little busy but the hostess did let us know in advance that the waiters were behind; Yessenia or Jesica was her name..  Waited 10 minutes for the hostess to finally clean a table once sat down they seemed overwhelmed wanting to take our order right away that was fine. He brought out drinks and disappeared for what seemed to be 20  minutes. We had to flag down the hostess for refills which she did bring us. Then the food came out the burger perfect and the onion rings Mmmmm Perfect!! The hostess brought more Pepsi and Ketchup. We only saw the server when he dropped the check when I would have ordered a Bue Moon I did not tip him, but we did tipped the hostess for the customer service. My overall experience was a 3 could of been a 5 But I will be back I recommend the great food! ;P
4	We came here for dinner on our second night in Vegas. (My flight was so delayed that I didn't get to experience dinner the first night, but that's a different story!) Note that dinner in Vegas really means sometime after midnight, because after you get out of a show, walk the strip, go to a party, all indoors in a well-lit environment with clocks, you lose all sense of time until you're completely starving. I was the first one to proclaim starving-ness, and this was a good choice.I had the flame burger, which no longer appears to be on the menu. It was a beef patty, jalapeno pesto, pepper jack, topped with an onion ring and hot sauce. I'm not a wimp when it comes to spicy food, but this was actually pretty spicy! I drank so much water that the busboy kept coming back to refill just my glass. I was too grateful to be embarrassed. The burger was large and was well cooked. It was a perfect medium and the bun was fluffy and light but nicely toasted. I also had a side of fries, which were the highlight of the meal- they were thin, crispy, salty, and well-cooked.My companions also ordered sandwiches- one got a burger (it had a fried egg on it) and the other got a lobster roll. Everyone devoured their food in companionable silence, so it's safe to assume we all liked it!I found the prices to be on the high side for the food ($15-16 for a burger, plus $7 for fries), but I think it's still considered a lower end restaurant on the strip. Vegas is not exactly a budget destination.
5	Best build your own burger ever! Juicy meat. Soft pretzel bun. Truffle sauce. Sauteed mushrooms. gruyere cheese. Yum...burger heaven.I frequented this place so many times...the burger was the best ive ever had. So good I bought two to go for my airplane ride home. Situated in the venetian casino. It cant be missed on your way to the palazzo. Theres a takeout booth too for odd people like me. But staff were great and let me sit at the bar and gave me and my son drinks while we waited.Atmosphere is casual with no frills. But that doesnt mean it comprimises on quality. Its the best burgers ive ever had. First off the pretzel bun is perfect. Soft on the inside and a nice doughy texture when bitten into. The saltiness was perfect and totally complemented the beer I was drinking. The burger was moist and juicy. A bit oily but thats bc they use a great cut of meat that literally is the perfect taste and amount of fat to make it perfect. It was charred on the outside and beautifully pink in the middle. Yum. I live in alberta canada. So great beef outside of our city is hard to find unless  you go to japan. And the beef is a good quality seasoned perfectly. As if mario batali seasoned it himself. Its that perfect.Top it off with your choice of cheese and toppings. My faves are truffled mayonaisse with sauteed mushrooms. Gruyere or swiss cheese. Some onions and tomatoes. And you got yourself the best burger known to man. Portions are huge for what you pay. The first time I came I ordered sides and ended up not finishing my burger. (Total waste) so I opted for just a burger and beer. Which is a perfect meal in itself. For a few extra dollars here you can get a gourmet burger instead of eating at the food court upstairs. Its completly worth it. Service was hit and miss. But on 2 out 3 visits the service was outstanding. They do somewhat push alcholic beverages here. So be warned. But hey whos complaining...we are in vegas, baby!
4	We had the fried pickles as a appetizer, split the bottom burner and an order of onion rings. While everything tasted good, the pickles were by far the best thing. Fried in what tasted like a tempura batter, the pickles did not have that strong dill taste I get in most fried pickles. We didn't care for the sauce it came with (I'm sure it was an aioli, but it tasted like plain mayo) so we ordered a side of hot sauce and added it to the mayo, which made it yummy. The onion rings seemed to be fried with the same tempura batter, and they looked way better than their french fries. I heard someone at the table next to us (who ordered both fries and onion rings) raving about the rings but did not mention the fries. The burger was cooked a perfect med-rare, taste was good but not great. Draft beers were very tasty.We sat outside where the view is incredible. Recommend.
2	$15 Burger.  Taste was good but with Fries it's an additional $7.  $22 Burger too expensive for only 6oz meat.  Non memorable experience.  Like eating a $22 burger at a pancake house.
4	Great burger!! Service was a little disappointing, front end does not communicate with the outdoor seating area. steve was " under the weather" but did not affect timliness of service. Love the food, questionable service.
1	Food was alright.    Service left much to be desired. Ordered a burger and fries to go, simple but when I asked the bartender for ketchup he assured me it was already included. No it wasn't.. hence 1star.
5	The Good Burger is actually a really really really really really good burger.
2	We decided to try this place for lunch since we had heard somewhat decent reviews and it was in our hotel.  I would start by saying the service leaves a lot to be desired.  We were seated promptly and our initial order taken (at least part of it), but the service went down hill from there. After taking the initial drink and food orders our waiter was nowhere to be found.  The few times he did come back he would ask one person at our table if they wanted a refill, then run off to get it before even giving any of the rest of us an opportunity to ask for anything else.  He also didn't check in on us very often.  It seemed like he was very flustered and easily distracted.  As soon as he got a new table he was off to attend to them and it seemed almost as if he forgot he had any others.The food itself I would say was very average.  Burgers were cooked to order, and somewhat tasty, but I've definitely had much better...it was very mediocre and just didn't wow any of us.  They were also overpriced, even given that you are paying for the name.There are definitely better burgers to be had in Vegas, and places with much better service.The one good thing were the booze milkshakes. I had the cherry bourbon vanilla shake which was to die for! I might go back just for one of those in the future, but would probably go elsewhere for food.
4	I thought the burgers were good... They are fancy and elaborate. I tend to like my burgers more plain. My friend thought his was one of the best he's ever had. I think it's all personal preference. Overall a good place to grab a beer and grub without leaving the hotel.
3	Food was great! Service was terrible!!! Didn't get drinks until we asked a second time half way through our appetizers. Asked for a lemon 3 times finally brought one lemon for 2 people that asked. Never received a refill the entire meal.
5	The waiter was very nice and on top of what my husband and I needed! The food was so great!! We ordered the peppers, steak sandwich and pulled pork sandwich. Everything came out amazing and I cannot wait to go back!! Yes, it is expensive, but it is  pretty great food!!
5	Great burgers and fries.......excellent beer selection. Staff was very helpful, quick, and knowledgeable of the menu (made great suggestions) I wanted something spicy so did the bottom burner......I am sad I can only give two thumbs up because I ran out of thumbs. Washed it all down with a nuttella shake
3	Average at best and I might be being generous. The food was OK. Service was average.  Not what I expected.
4	Crispy fries and tasty sandwiches. We ordered a burger, eggplant sandwich and a garden salad. Everything was fresh and simple.Although the beer selection was small, it was well balanced and I was able to have a delicious IPA with my meal. We will be back!
3	I decided to make a quick stop at B&B last night for a bite to eat. It wasn't anything too astounding with the given prices ($16+ burgers, $8+ beers). I liked the potato bun the burger came on...that was probably the only thing that stood out to me. The Patty was flavorless and the fries were mediocre. The only reason I'm giving this place as many stars is because  the bartender, Tristan, was very friendly and as attentive as she could've been being the only bartender on a Saturday night. The rest of the staff were very rude and lackluster.
3	Me and a group of buddies went last night and ate at the bar.  we all ordered different burgers and they were fine but nothing extraordinary.  Do not get the chicken sandwich as it is poor quality chicken.  The onion rings are great and the fries are very small and greasy.  The bartender totally hated her job and it showed.  Her attitude left a lot to be desired as did her service.  Otherwise a fairly unmemorable burger joint.
3	I absolutely hate the layout of the restaurant.  Unless you have more than 2 in your party, you are going to get a tiny, poorly placed table to try to eat at.  The food was very good, except burger being a little over cooked, but it was tough to enjoy at our table.
4	Delicious royale burger cooked perfectly to medium. Pleasant staff. Clean atmosphere. Outdoor seating relaxing, quiet. Nice tasty twist on fried mozzarella. Only down side was dirty beer glass. Yikes. Would highly recommend to anyone.
4	I ate here twice during my recent stay in Vegas.  Both with a group of 5 or more.  Each time, the service was lovely and very accommodating to our rowdy corporate bunch haha.My friends went nuts trying out different beers.  I settled on milkshake and OMG it was enough that could of fed all of us.  The taste was amazing, but then again Nutella never leaves anyone in doubt.Each time I ate the eggplant Parmesan.  And each time it was super amazing.  I mean...I don't eat red meat so this was one of the few options.  But even if I HAD been a meat eater I would have still choose this.  The guys claimed the burgers were bomb and well prepared.  Each time we ordered several of the sides to accompany our meals.  The fried pickles weren't quite Memphis standard, but the friend mozzarella and other items were delicious!  Good portions seemed perfect for our group.Would definitely go here again!
1	Location: the place is situated inside the Venetian hotel. Nothing fancy. A few benches and tables sit are distributed inside a dark, single room restaurant with several TVs sitting on every wall. No glamour, not even for a burger place. Tables weren't balanced properly and when leaning on one side of the table the beer would spill.Food: This where surely the worst burger I have eaten in Las Vegas. The meat  patties were greasy and the fries were burned. The onions seemed to have been peeled only sloppily as I found some brown peels inside my burger. The cheese wasn't worth mentioning.Service: mediocre and a bit shy. Food was served promptly though. Drinks: the place is called burgers & beers but the place sported a list of beers that could be found in any other corner shop or provincial diner.Verdict: skip this place
1	The worst serving. My order was wrong, very wrong but by the time I could even get someone to send it back everyone at the table was done. This was so bad especially in a town that is known for its food.
3	Burger was decent.Fried pickles yumOnion rings yumHad some salad which was pleasant, with a little spicy kick to it.Warm potatoes w/ mayo was yum but a little bit too oily for me.Would come back here again? hmmm not too sure
5	Let's just call it - there is a burger renassance happening in Las Vegas. Every casino has a celebrity chef and every celebrity chef now has a burger bar. Of the 3 burgers we had - on our little trip B&B was the first - and the best. First and foremost the service was friendly and attentive. The burger and wings were nice and just how they should be.
4	Juicy burgers tasty crispy fries and great outside patio. Service was great and staff was friendly and helpful.
3	Had a beer but can't comment on the burger. Pricey for what you get.
3	*3 and 1/2 stars*B&B Burger and Beer could be a 4-star restaurant, but the cleanliness factor drops the rating down a bit.  There were lots of food crumbs under our table, specks of who knows what on my silverware, my seat was wet after being wiped down that I had to ask for a napkin to wipe it dry, and there was a used toothpick on one of the bar high tops where we were sitting at while waiting for our table.   While cleanliness was a let-down, the food, however, was pretty good.  I had the Your Way Bar Burger and basically built a bacon cheeseburger which I really liked, and for my side, I had some onion rings which I enjoyed as well.  The ranch dressing I requested on the side, though, not so good.  The onion rings were better by themselves.  For my drink, I had the Caramel Swirl Shake, which came with a tin container with an extra serving.  That was pretty good too.  I requested to sit outside on the patio when I made my reservation.  It was too cold to seat people out there though, they said, so we were instead seated at a table for two inside.  Bummer - the view looks nice out from their patio!  Service was fine, but maybe too fast if that's even possible?!  Our check was placed on the table and my dining companion didn't even realize it :p  They were busy but there were definitely some empty tables, so if there was a rush to get us out I don't get it.  Food was good and service was okay, but just need to improve on cleanliness.  Overall, an okay place!
