5	Came for lunch and had the typical buffet fare.  There was a vast array of food available with curries, dosas, white rice, rice with chicken, salad, some items I didn't recognize, some items I don't remember, melon, salad, mango custard, rice pudding, etc.  There was a good mixture of vegetarian and meat options.  The nan was toasty.  All three of us had one plate to many of food.
5	We got take-out tonight and it was great! The staff were extremely polite and friendly. We got the Lamb Tikka Masala and the Malibu Malabar entrees and garlic Naan and it was all delicious! We will be back often.To update, we come here very often. The staff are still extremely polite and friendly. The happy hour food is awesome and cheap! We also love the drink menu - the lychee martini, the mango martini, and the kamasutra martini with passionfruit and pineapple are all delicious! The staff have made helpful recommendations about what to try too. The place is not too crowded and the service is faster these days (which others had complained about previously). I highly recommend Passage to India!
3	I had lunch buffet here . I went quite late so can't really complain about the food availability in the buffet . Taste of food was  not great but average like every other indian restaurant . but their veggie dum biryani is really awesome ... Staff was very polite and kind . Ambience was also good..May be I  ll try this place again for dinner but not for buffet ..
3	Coworker and I had wanted to try Passage to India since we heard they opened, so off we went at high noon on a Thursday.  They had a nice lil lunch crowd and we were there to try out the lunch buffet, it had a nice amount of items to pick from  but I was sold on the chicken tikka masala & vegetable biryani,  I cannot even tell you how much I had been cravin tikka masala and with the garlic naan bread, it was the perfect dish! For a new place the service was lil slow, but I just counted that as being new and am ready to try them for lunch again soon!
1	We got a vegetarian take out yesterday night.  The paneer kati roll was good. The aloo mutter and naan were ok, nothing to write home about. The ras malai was just awful, it was like the milk was burnt!But the worst part of our night was that when we had ordered paneer tikka masala, we were given chicken tikka masala. we went home and started to cut the supposedly paneer in the entree, only to realize it was chicken. Now, it is understandable that the order got mixed up. But what irked me was that when I called them to tell about it, the owner acted like its not possible and that I was mistaken. Even though we are vegetarian, we know what chicken looks like. He was extremely rude and asked me to come all the way back to the restaurant to examine the dish himself or to email photos of it. I decided to do neither coz I was completely pissed at the way this was handled. I wouldn't have minded if I hadn't gotten my money back, but to treat a customer like this, all for $10 is unacceptable for me. Terrible way to run a business, and that too when it is new!Anyway, we're never going back and recommend that people check their dish before eating it, coz they are never going to accept their mistake.
4	Lunch buffet was so good and reasonably priced!  We'll definitely be going back.
1	Bad ambience. 1h wait for food when there were only 3 other tables with people. Bad quality and quantity of food.
1	The worst Indian joint i have been to in AZ. Dont get me wrong, the place is decked up with nice tables, chairs, and lighting. Only problem is that without good food or good service none of that matters. Went there on a Friday night aroung 7PM, waiter took about 15 mins to come over, food took more than 30 mins after ordering and when it did come out it was cold! I ordered the goat biryani, and for those of you who know what this is will understand why i was pissed that they brought out steamed basmati rice with goat curry under the rice (2 piece of meat that were 80% bone). Told them good luck and took off. Dont waste your time or money on this place, food and managment are well below par!
5	Delicious lunch buffet! I hope this new place takes off. Very good food for a good price. I only wish they had their buffett at dinner too. There was an excellent selection and everything we ate was fresh and hot. No complaints!
1	Over priced and below average food. There are better Indian restaurants in Tempe. Mango lassi that we ordered was salty and watery, it was the weirdest mango lassi that I've had so far. The other dishes that we ordered were chicken tikka masala, malai kofta and chilly pakora. The chilli pakoras were soggy and not crisp at all and the other two were average. All and all I would give this place a miss for the next time.
5	Was not sure I was going to like Indian food, I have eaten it a few times in the past and was not a big fan. I tried the food because I it is close to my house, and was surprised the food was very good and the staff was friendly. I also went in the bar on a Friday night because I know Alonso that was playing music and had a great time. I have met the owner and he is a great guy and working hard making the over all experience was a good one.
5	BEST Hyderabadi BIRYANI PHOENIX AREA.This is the best biryani  in town.Goat curry , chicken curry and CHICKEN biryani are Awesome in Buffet.Order the free DOSA in Buffet .CHEAP and best in PHOENIX Area.The owner staff are cool and friendly.
4	Finally.... a good Dum Biryani in Tempe. Been to this place twice and twice I was place a couple of time and both times, I had good experience.Dum Biryani, Mirchi Ka Salan were great.Pakoda and Manchurian were good.The food was really good and I hear that their happy hours are good too! Should try it sometime soon!
4	I've always liked Indian food, but it took this place to convince my wife how great it can be.  We have eaten here three times at the restaurant and three times with takeout.  It's damn good.  My wife keeps it simple with the Tandoori Chicken Machkni.  I have had a bunch of different things and I will be using this place to educate myself about Indian food.  The Lamb Rogan Josh and the Andrea Curry are both awesome.  The service is always good.  It's a new place with an occasional hiccup, but they always work hard to fix the problems.If I felt more qualified to rate Indian food I'd give this place five stars, but it's a solid four to be sure.
3	Three of us went for dinner this visit.Tikka Masala, Korma, & Andhra Curry - all chicken.Butter, Garlic, & Paneer Naan.Chicken 65 appetizer.Everything was served with white rice. The Naan was all very good. Soft with just a hint of toastiness, not too dry.The Chicken 65 was unremarkable. Lightly spicy with lots of onion and cilantro.The Chicken Korma was ordered extra mild for the non spice eater in the group and come out spot on. Very flavorful without any heat. The chicken itself was bonless, tender and absorbed the flavors well.The Chicken Andhra Curry was ordered medium but came out a little over spicy and astringent. The aroma hinted of flavorful spices but was overwhelmed by the heat of the dish. Surprisingly the chicken was served bone-in! The chicken was swimming in sauce which made it not finger food and made enjoying it more of a task. The Chicken Tikka Masala was spot on for both flavor and spiciness. The let down was the chicken itself, dense cubes of chicken breast. The chicken was dry and absorbed none of the wonderful flavor in the sauce. Nothing was really bad, just not fantastic. Worth another visit.Maybe for their lunch buffet, too.
5	Best Indian food in tempe. My family and I have eaten here probably 10x since it opened and the food always impresses. It's never crowded and it's very quiet inside. The lunch buffet also had a huge selection and tastes really good. I highly recommend it.
5	New place, very good. Food was really good, their Happy Hour prices were also very appealing. I tried the Biryani which was very tasty and just the right amount of spicy. I have also tried their masala dosa which was perfect. Usually with Indian places that have both North Indian and South Indian food you usually have to settle for one. They have a 2 chefs, one that does the North Indian dish and the other one does the South
5	Passage to India was a wonderful restaurant, great service, and I my stomach was more than satisfied with the food.
4	Relatively new restaurant that I decided to try on a whim when I needed some downtime, but wanted to eat out somewhere.Very welcoming staff.  The restaurant is small enough to still give that personal feel. I spoke with the owners and other staff who are all very friendly and appreciate providing an enjoyable experience for the customer. They have a moderately stocked full bar with a small, but well chosen selection of beers on tap. So far I have only had a few of the appetizers, but I have been pleased with each dish I have tried. I like spicy food, and the hot is spicy enough to have great flavor and sneak up on you towards the end, but not too spicy as to not be enjoyable.Prices are great for HH, and overall, very competitive. Given the quality of the food, well worth the price. Overall, a great place, and I will be back many more times. Cant wait to try the duck!
4	By far the best Indian restaurant in the area.  Unlike most Indian restaurants which have family doing the cooking, these guys have chefs.  They have a large menu, with items not found on other Indian menus.  We ordered the Kati rolls, Lamb Saag, and Kerala duck curry, they were all delicious.  The staff (with the exception of the hostess) were friendly and informative.  We will definitely be back again.
5	If you have not been to Passage to India, you are missing out! This was only the second time I had tried Indian food. The first was at a buffet, and while I liked the flavors, nothing really stood out to me. Tonight I got a taste of what really good Indian food is. Started with the Kati Roll with chicken at the suggestion of our nice server. They were flavorful and the sauce for them was terrific. I had the chicken tikka masala and hubby tried the chicken curry. Both were so good I would have licked the bowl had there not been other customers around us.Also had garlic naan and gulab jamun for desert. There was a seperate bar area and happy hour prices looked great. $2 beers, $4 Absolut drinks. Everything was so delicious I can't wait to go back!
5	Passage to India....has.....indian food, duh...and... you're enjoying this, admit it...a kickin' happy hour! Yes, a get your drink on and go native with naam bread, simosas and tandoori chicken half off appetizers. I know, it's da bomb, yes?! They have a very nice bar which when I hit it up is usually just me and possibly some poor sap who has joined me and a couple dozen engineers from the various software companies around the area. I can't say I do any interacting with any of the other patrons, I have an engineer at home, why do you think I'm at the bar to begin with....! I do chat the bartender up and he is extremely nice and likes to watch a lot of golf and cricket...I'm learning nothing about either sport but we do talk about how little I know about Indian food and culture. Turns out I'm Indian ignorant and I get the impression he runs into this a lot so, he spends time answering a lot of questions that start with, what is this and how do you say? I tip well and he's either very patient or I tip a lot better than I realize. Who knows. I have had dinner here with the aforementioned engineer and we both enjoyed the meal immensely. We explained to our server our complete lack of knowledge when it came to the menu and explained our food preference by saying, "we like curry and we like things spicy but not too spicy". Which I suspect is the epicurean equivalent of saying, I like my food tasty but not too tasty...Our server didn't bat an eye and made a couple of suggestions and we really enjoyed ourselves. The food is very fresh, the ingredients are of very high quality and overall the prices were reasonable, the service impeccable and I truly can't wait to go again.
5	First off the food and overall experience here was amazing.  I called in a reservation for 14-18 people and when we arrived they had everything set up very nicely and seated us immediately.  We had a side room all to ourselves and a dedicated waitress. We ordered drinks and a couple appetizers.  Then they sent out two complimentary appetisers, the Gobi Manchurian and the Chilly Chicken.  The Chilly Chicken was excellent but the Gobi Manchurian surprised everyone.  It was amazing.  We all kept asking how cauliflower could be this good.  Seriously. Order this.Then our main courses came.  Everything came as ordered.  There were few orders of Chicken Tikka Masala which everyone said was very very good.  Also the spiciness levels were perfect.  My wife wanted the heat to make her cry a bit and it did.  The medium had kick but didn't make anyone suffer.  Mild was just awesome tasting.  I ordered the Chicken Dum Biryani but I wish I had trusted my gut an ordered the goat.  Not because the chicken was bad.  It was delicious and reminded me of the meals my friends from India cook for us.  It was just that one of my friends ordered the Goat Vindaloo and raved about it.My experience was echoed by the other 13 people in our party.  We all had a wonderful time and it could not have gone better.  We will all be returning again and bringing as many new faces as possible to this wonderful restaurant.
4	We live about a quater of a mile for this place . We always order take out so I cannot speak to the other in dining experiences. the sauces are always spot on.  If you happen to order a chicken dish, you have to ask for white meat  or you get dark meat which I don't like and find rather slimy...again, for what it is, which is not a curry house in London and tempe is not NYC or San Fran it's a good solid option Americanized Indian cuisine. Of all the places I have been to here in az, the place is about on par with the other places that I would consider good, India house, royal taj etc. this is just closer to my house and being that it's about the same, passage to India gets my business... Truly I have never had real Indian food in az that has not been Americanized in some way...just saying. Tasty food overall.
5	We live nearby and almost always get take-away.Good and consistent quality of food, our faves include:  chicken makhni, chana masala, bhindi masala, chicken 65, mutter paneer, and peshwari naan.Naan always seems fresh.  Hope this place sticks around!
4	My husband and I decided to give this place a try even though it was a little far from our house and we were glad we did! The food was great and it's not expensive at all! I don't know who would call this restaurant overpriced, it's cheaper than Olive Garden and the food is waaaay better. We got Chicken 65 for an appetizer and were pleasantly surprised. It was a good amount of food for an appetizer and the chicken was really yummy, spicy but with lots of flavor. Then, I got Korma chicken and asked them if they could combine chicken with the vegetarian option (I really wanted veggies in my dinner that night:) and they did, no problem. I thought it was pretty good, could've been a little more flavorful but now I'm just being picky. My husband got Lamb Rogan Josh which he said was really good, the lamb was tender and the whole dish was delicious. We also got an order of cheese stuffed Naan bread which came out hot and very tasty. The service was very quick, our waitress was polite and accommodating, no complaints there. We'll definitely be back, even though it's a little bit out of our way, we had great dining experience there!
4	Just moved into the area and the 1st thing we did was search for Indian restaurants. We found this one and gave it a shot. The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the amazing smells of food that wafted from the kitchen.  Our waitress was friendly and the service was great.  If you like your Indian to have a bite, order it a little hotter than you would normally (at least for myself) as the spicing (while fantastically flavorful and rich) tend to run on the mild side.Definitely worth while.
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!!  = = = = = =This new Buffet slipped by me for a few months but what a treat it was to finally discover it & eat here today!  It's a beautiful restaurant with a quiet atmosphere (soft music) your choice of booth or table seating and the Buffet was offering up 26 items today (including hot Indian Tea but not toppings) & this is generous for an Indian Buffet.Isn't it funny how no two of these Indian & Pakistani Buffets spell the names of the recipes the same?  What's up with that, as both countries speak English?  :-)Sorry, I digress.  Anyhow, it was salad first, along with Rasam (spicy tomato soup) & Samber (vegetable soup) & Naan.  Then it was on to hot dishes including Vegetable Pakoda, Daal Makhni, Saag, Aloo, Mater Paneer, Vegetable Dum Briyani, Mirchi Ka Salan, Goat Curry, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Keema and...MY FAVORITES TODAY:Gobi Manchuri!Andrha (Spicy Chicken Curry)!Chicken Dum Bryani!Chicken Tikki Masala!After some Monkey Balls (aka Gulab Jamun) & Mango Custard for dessert I finally waddled on out of the place.All the food was great, everything was the right temperature, the service friendly and the price reasonable.  This one's a winner!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.99
5	First off let me say that I love indian food so when my favorite indian restaurant was closed I decided to try someplace different I came across passage to India and man to my surprise was the food good The lunch buffet was very good lots of selections to choose from and everything that I tried was very tasty I would highly recommend getting passage to India I try
5	I ordered take out and was not disappointed!  I have been craving butter chicken since I returned from a trip abroad and have yet to find anything decent. I stumbled across this place and was pleasantly surprised! It was delicious! It was pretty expensive but they give you quite a bit of chicken, wish there was more rice and naan bread! Also wish they would make a lunch specials (smaller portions/ cheaper price) if so, I would be here everyday! I have yet to try any of there other dishes, since the butter chicken was very addicting! I'll be back again and again if not just for the butter chicken alone!
2	Atmosphere was fine and the service was excellent but the reason I come to restaurants is.....to eat and in that department PTI falls apart.We ordered drinks to begin and I asked the waitress if the bartender knew how to make a sloe gin fizz.  She said she didn't know but would ask then came back to tell me "he's looking it up".  I gambled but shouldn't have as the drink was nothing even close.  Not a good start.The four of us ordered an assortment of food and shared it between us.  The lamb meat was grisly although the taste was good.  Prawn dish was fine with big, meaty prawns but not many of them and the sauce, ordered medium, was anything but spicy.  Vindaloo was spicy enough but only about 10 chunks of chicken in the dish.  We got both garlic and onion naan and it was good.  Summary: It wasn't bad but isn't worth going back either.
4	After discovering this place a little over a month ago, I've quickly become a regular - dining there probably once a week.  Atmosphere and food are great.  Servers are courteous, helpful and knowledgable.  I've enjoyed every meal thus far and look forward to going again.
5	This is our 3rd time at Passage to India. We have eaten dinner twice and enjoyed the buffet once. Every time has been wonderful. Tonight we had palak paneer and malai kofta as well as garlic naan. The malai kofta is the best we have ever had and my husband and I eat a lot of Indian food. The palak paneer was delicious as well. Last time we got everything hot, but it was really to hot for us (despite loving hot, spicy food), so we went with medium this time and that was perfect. One of our favorite things is the bar. When you order a margarita, they bring you your drink and 'extra'. It's like getting 2 drinks for the price of one. Service has always been great and we have gotten our food very quickly. Though we are not of Indian heritage, most of the clientele is.  Always a good sign!
5	Oh yum - this place is just deeeelish! I'm always on the search for really good Indian restaurants and this has quickly become my favorite. It's a nice set-up, with friendly servers and complete with a bar. The food is fantastic. We usually go for dinner and have ordered a number of dishes. The prawns are always large, the chicken tikka masala is divine and the naan is perfect. Tonight we tried the chicken makhani (spl?) and the chicken andhra. They were both just fantastic. You could taste the grilled, chardness of the chicken in the makhani. And the depth of the flavors in the andhra were amazing. The makhani is quite a rich dish and the andhra was served chicken none in (which keep in mind gives you really tender meat). Don't give this place a miss. Josie the server is always super pleasant and very knowledgable about the menu!
5	I love this place! The service is usually top notch and their Veggie Korma is THE BEST! All the food is great and this restaurant has a really nice atmosphere. I like eating alone and reading and this place works nicely for that. It is also great for a date night or going to lunch with co-workers. The free, self-serve chai tea during lunch buffet is a nice touch. Also, they are open later than most restaurants which makes this place perfect in my opinion.
5	Best chicken tikka masala in town.  The only place we will ever come to for Indian food!
4	Visiting from Sierra Vista we decided to try passage to India. Overall the food was good. Great variety is to choose from the buffet. The spicy chicken was my favorite with garlic naan and a mango Lasie. I try to sample different Indian food where ever I am and this is legit
5	Super awesome food. The chicken biryani is to die for. I cannot remember the number of times we have taken our food to go from here.The kathi rolls are awesome too! I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to taste good flavorful Indian food.So sad that we have now moved from the area and won't be able to take out as often :-(
3	I stopped since it was close to home. Food and service are good but i have my preferred spots.
5	WOW, this was seriously delicious!  Although I would say that I am a bit of a foodie, for some reason I have not ventured much into Indian cuisine, but this place has made me a believer.  I went there for the lunch buffet this week, and although I didn't know much of what I was putting on my plate (aside from the tandoori chicken), I have to say that I absolutely loved everything that I tried.  My favorite part was the end of the buffet that the server kindly explained was a selection of chutneys.  I took some of each and really enjoyed the kick of flavor that they gave to the other dishes I was eating.  The mango and cilantro chutneys were my favorites, oh and also the coconut chutney...  Anyway, will definitely come back here with my husband for a weekend date night, goal- to make him a believer too :)
2	First time to Passage To India. tried their lunch buffet got there around 12.30. as i approached  i noticed quite a few cars. that was a postive sign.As i entered i noticed the upper level was packed out, and the lower level had just one booth open. i was promptly seated and proceeded to the buffet. i got a few items and some salad with two chutneys mint and tamarind. i ate and went back for a second round. the food was fine but for me it was lacking. no chilli peppers and most of the items that i could eat (im a vegetarian) were all in cream or cheese sauces. a little bit of that is ok with me,but its not my favourite. their were not many vegetarian options at all. the majority of the buffet items were meat. i never recieved a dosa or any bread. thats really not a big deal. i enjoyed very much the atmosphere. i tend to prefer to be left alone unless i need some thing and in this case. i was not in need of any thing. the waittress was very likable and brought me water as i requested. over all not a bad experience. just dont think ill be coming back here any time soon. And I really was hoping I would be a huge fan.
1	More like Passage to GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK MUTHA MUTHA!!Listen to me people. Im an Indian Food snob. This is average Indian food at the very best. If you're in the Tempe area you can do MUUUUUCH better with a place like Kebab Palace, India Gate or even The Dhaba.This place has a great location but it looks like some friends took what was in there garage, found a used hot food table on craigslist and stuck it in a corner of the restaurant.Tandoori chicken that tasted boiled and had literally no flavor. Dry NAANThe Chicken Tikka Masala was decentVegatable Pakora that was cold, along with most other dishes.No salt, no pepper available and lastly and most irritaingly, not spicy at all!Skip it and save your money.THE SUCK!!!!
4	I thought the food here was very good. We stuck to the vegetarian dishes, I was pleased to see a mushroom dish which was fantastic.  The naan was good, the samosas were excellent. I would definitely go back here again.
3	A soild lunch buffet for ~11. However I would not mind it being a dolar less due to few veg options.The flavors were vibrant in the saag and pakora, The soup was a bit too salty but still good, However they only had foam cups for the soup. Desert was just kheer and gulab.  Garlic naan is included which is nice.  The rice was just plain basmati rice and it was a bit under cooked. The chai tea is also included.One nice thing was in the condiments section there was Indian hot sauce. Overall another decent addition to the Indian food landscape of the area, but nothing too special, at least for their buffet.
5	I had a GREAT experience!  It was my 12 year old daughter's first time eating Indian food so I asked the server what she recommended for a 12 year old eating Indian food for the first time and she was VERY helpful.  We ended up ordered Samosas, Tandoori Chicken Makhni and Palak Paneer and a side order of Nan.  The food was excellent and I couldn't have asked for better service.  The gentleman who seated us made sure we had fresh rice for our left overs and brought over some foil for our bread.  Our tea glasses never went empty.  I was very very very happy with my service and food.  I would be back again!
5	My boyfriend and I are vegan and found Passage to India right down the street and decided to try it. Although there isn't a plethora of options for vegans it is still very good. The Chana Masala is very good as well as the Gobi Manchurian. Happy always helps us and he is always accommodating and encourages us to different options on the menu. We haven't tried the lunch buffet yet but I make it a point to. We love the service and the food, we are always welcome here. We now eat here at least once a week!
4	Awesome Biryani and South Indian Food, not to mention, unbeatable prices. The Indo-Chinese was not so impressive.
1	MY wife and I were going to eat at our favorite Indian restaurant in Tempe and found it closed with no explanation, so we drove up the road a mile where we had passed another one we had never tried, called Passage to India. It looked busy and in fact when we were told we could wait a while or be seated on the patio, we never even imagined that we would be waited on so quickly.We ordered pretty quickly once seated, and noticed at the time we were the third couple seated on the patio.  three more tables were seated during the time that we ate some cracker bread with a very nice mint sauce. We started at 7:30pm roughly. We then noticed that after the first of the three earliest tables was served apologetically for the lateness and it was very late when they got theirs, that the two freshest seated tables then got served, and then the server who frankly had the table manner of a truck-stop waitress, with her jokes and comments and style of talking about the place she was working, apologized for the amount of rice but that they had gotten the last of it.  By that I assumed she meant that the serving in the pot was shy of a full serving of rice but then the manager came out, about an hour into our wait so it was around 8:30pm and apologized for the lateness and the few minutes delay in the order printing. The couple that was there before us that had not been served were also told as were we, that our meal would be half priced.By almost 9pm we still had only had two baskets of cracker bread and a couple of drink refills, Dr Pepper and Indian Chai for my wife. When food finally came out for the couple that had been seated before us, they were told there is no more rice, sorry but we did not expect to get slammed like this.  Meanwhile of course both my wife and I realized that our dishes would also be best served with Rice and an hour and a half into our experience, that was not going to be the case. Any longer and we were going to be late for our 9:30 movie so we left a $5 on the table and left.While we watched through the window, there were several tables that had been seated after us inside that were already eating so while several of us had a horrible experience that night, it is no doubt also true that many people had a flawless night at the same restaurant.  I guess timing is everything, and I really am not sure if I ever want to give them a second shot, but might try calling the manager this morning although he was the same guy that said he would half price our meal because of the slight delay on the orders.  Umm, an hour and a half is not a slight delay when people that arrived later are getting served all around you.
3	great food....ambiance lacking....both waitresses love to call everyone "hey guys"...gets old realy quickly....
5	Spicy and Flavorful! Generous sized portions. Amazing happy hour specials from 5pm to 7pm. Beautiful Indian music. Bernadette, our waitress provided exceptional customer service! This was a wonderful dining experience. I love this place!
5	I used to live in Chicago, just off Devon street. If you're not familiar with north Chicago, it's like little India and has 3 or 4 of the best Indian restaurants in America. So I know good Indian food. I don't need a menu to order. I know what I want and the best dishes. I thought I would have to go back to Chicago for those rich, complex, amazing, delicious Indian flavors.I was wrong. Passage to India is the best Indian restaurant in Arizona. Go here or order takeout for dinner, please. You will not regret it. Everything is fresh, consistent and authentic.
4	We called the Manager, Happy, the next day after Valentines Day and he asked us to come in again so they could show us what a fluke Valentine's Day was, too many things went wrong, so we did.Friday 02/28/14, so two weeks exactly after our bad experience, we went back in and pretty much ordered the same thing. Business was much lighter, and Happy of course checked in on us frequently. But here's the thing, the food was great, some of the best Indian fare we've had, and the atmosphere was nearly perfect, we sat in the less crowded section by the bar.I had Kadai Lamb and my wife had Saag Lamb, both we tasty, I ordered mine a little hot, and found it enjoyable.Passage to India has a nice layout, and good service when all is working well.  Too many things went wrong the night we first went there, and so I am pleased to see that they work hard to keep customers happy, as the manager's name suggests. They of course took care of us, cutting our dinner bill in half so we will be back, as the food and the service were both thoroughly enjoyable.
5	The paneer tika masala & chicken 65 are amazing and the people that work here are wonderful! The first time we came in we were served promptly, and attended to. I love northern Indian food ie shahi paneer, mattar paneer. I asked them what was equivalent. Happy the manager suggested the tika masala. It was great! We have come back once a week ever since. Great customer service, great people, yummmmy food.
2	Ok food, poor service, over 2 hours to complete a lunch service.I have gone to this place four times, twice for dinner (about $15/plate) and twice  for the lunch buffet ($13/plate). I will start out with saying the food is ok. Had the chicken Makhani (Butter Chicken). It is not the best in town but obviously good enough for my girlfriend and I to have gone back a few times. The real problems come in with customer service and issue resolution. My experience with one lunch at P2I - Called ahead to see if they had makhani chicken on the buffet, the said yes and disappointingly, they did not. Had a group of 8 that showed up at 11:30, well before the lunch rush. 6 had the buffet and 2 ordered from the menu (butter chicken ;-)). The food was not to temperature even though it took 30 minutes to arrive and we did not receive everything that we ordered. The buser refilled our Sprite with water and almost did it again.We had to track down our waiter, like he was avoiding us, to ask for our bill. He was able to print out a bill and a receipt for the 2 that didn't get the buffet but for the rest, "if you just put your cards in the booklet, I will run them for you". Not a good idea. A business is required to provide that information to you prior to running your card plus they need a signature after the transaction. 30 minutes later still no bill or receipt. They were having POS issues (a little pun intended). All other tables had received a bill and have left at this point.We asked for the manager and was not sympathetic to the fact that the food was not hot, we did not get all our food, the bill, and that his guests have to go back to work. No discount, nothing was removed from the bill, not even a coupon for next time. The biggest kicker... they still ended up charging 20% gratuity.I will not be going back again and will not be recommending this place to anyone.
2	I did not have a good experience at this restaurant.Vegetable soup was horrible , Egg noodles were not fresh and probably were made a day ago. This is not authentic taste of Indian Food , wont recommend this restaurant to any one
4	This place delivers on great food. I love all the options of made to order bread they serve. If it was properly priced they would get 5 stars. I know how to make Indian food, and it costs near nothing to make. Why such the markup?I have only been when there is a coupon. Typically the coupons are $6.99 for lunch buffet. That's what it should be anyway, and they'd still be making profit.
5	I've never had a bad experience here. The food is outstanding. We try something new every time, and don't know much about Indian food, but are never disappointed. We usually sit at the bar, which is often empty, but the manager/owner is always there bartending and he is great! Great local beer selection as well.
3	I've been to Passage To India about four times and every single time I've been there, I'm maybe one of 3 other diners. I'm not a huge fan of Indian food so I'm not the best critic and can't tell you why the restaurant is so "dead". I couldn't tell you what all I've had, but it all seemed to be good.  I've been twice with just my husband and twice with another couple and they're pretty accommodating.  I do not like spicy foods and their medium is pretty good - Just enough to "tickle my tongue." I'll probably be back, only because they're in my neighborhood and I would like to return to try the lunch buffet.
4	Nice spinish saag and chicken tikki here. We always come here for lunch buffet. At 11:30 everything is freshed
3	Not the best but not the worst. Ironically poor service from friendly waiters. Took forever to order, took forever for the food to come out. The atmosphere inside the restaurant is dark and empty... the music was great though, authentic Indian classical. I ordered spicy chicken tikki masala and it was indeed spicy! A bit oily, heavy, and greasy but that comes with Indian food. Overall decent experience and it was nice to eat out without a large crowd.
3	Good meat dishes great naans and dosa but not a lot of good veg options and the desserts are just ok
4	Went here on weekday for lunch buffet. Was not disappointed. Prompt seating and great buffet. They were running short on high chairs but luckily a nice patron gave up one for my son. All the food was very good tiki Marsala was our favorite. The Tandoori chicken was very good as well. The Garlic Nan bread was fresh and delicious.  They are getting short a star for ignoring me when it was time to pay. $10 lunch buffet well worth the money. I will return.
1	When the delivery guy showed up, I paid with 3 $20 bills and asked for $2 in change. He started being rude. He said "your bill was 58 dollars, but that's fine!" He was being rude and sarcastic. That $58 included a $9 tip... Screw that guy. What a twat.The food had good flavor but it was really hot... Unless you want REALLY REALLY HOT, don't order! Even my boyfriend said his mouth was on fire. I just spent $58 on food that I can't eat :( I ordered a pizza. Attached is my receipt... Proof that I tipped. Not sure why he was such a jerk. Will NEVER order again.
5	great food! authentic, awesome bar and patio. Great atmosphere and good for large parties
4	Consistently great food recently. In the past, it was a bit hit or miss but not anymore. Usually very quiet. I can never understand why it's not more crowded.
1	Very poor food. Not at all authentic food. Ordered Paneer chilly, it was very oily and undercooked.
2	There is nothing wrong with this place, but nothing particularly redeeming either.  The food was mediocre, and the interior didn't seem to fit the theme.  The servers seemed aloof.   We were there for the lunch buffet which had an ok selection of the Indian standards.  The best part was a never-ending basket of your choice of fresh baked Naan.
3	I went for the lunch buffet and was disappointed with the quality of food. The Veg Biryani didn't seem fresh. The raita was too salty and the mirch ka salaan was too spicy. The pakodas, Mutter Paneer and the choice of garlic/butter/plain naan delivered to the table were good. The Gulab Jamun was okay but some were dry as they were fully immersed in the syrup. Ambiance and service were alright.
1	Passage to bad food ..right.. I know Indian food as I am Indian . This place should not do business in food. Extreme salty chicken curry.. Goat curry was more goat soup..there was no variety... Service was so so... When told the server about salty food she smiles and said.. Sometime they are in the mood for salt .... You kidding me.. It's worth $5. Buffet... Why do all these people think they can run restaurant..  Blue moon beer with no orange slice...I bet you it is Indian restaurant with illegal Mexican cooks..Not coming back again.. I tried and very very disappointed...  I would not bring anyone and suggest it to anyone...
5	Love the authenticity and the service is great.   They also have a great bar with all the wine and liquor you need.
5	I just ate dinner at Passage to India. It was one of the best meals I've had out at a restaurant this year! We had vegetable samosas, chicken tandoori, daal makhani, and chicken tikka masala. Oh, and we had rice pudding for dessert. All of it was so good! Also loved the tea and really great service. I really don't understand why it's never that busy when we go there.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =It's been a little over a year, so I whipped back over here to see how they're doing.  Here were some of my observations:*  Beautiful dining room!*  Friendly & proper table service.*  Delicious Buffet again featuring about 26 items plus toppings!Some of the things I enjoyed here today were hot Garlic Naan bread, brought to the table, Rasam & Samber (spicy soups), Vegetable Pakoda, Dunkulu (Lentil Fritters), 3 rice dishes, Daal Makhni (Lentil dish), Saag (spinich), Aloo Gubhi (potatoes & cauliflower dish), Mater Paneer, Mirchi Ka Salan, Vegetable Dum Briyani, Chicken Dum Briyani, Andhra (spicy curried chicken dish), Goat Curry, & much more, including salad, desserts and course standards Chicken Tandoori and Chicken Tikki Masala.The Styrofoam soup bowls were a minus, but it was almost 5 Stars for this excellent Weekday Lunch Buffet at only $8.95 including help-yourself beverages!     :-))
2	The food is fine. My friends like their rice dishes a lot and I love the Kirchi ka Salan - nice and spicy. But the service makes it a no-go. They've improved their in-person wait staff a lot and that's great. But the staff don't know what the dishes are most of the time and can't answer questions because they don't know what is in them and they've never eaten them. The menu is unreliable and often they will say you can't have something because they don't have it that day or the chef is out. I have *never* been able to order from their south Indian menu. Half the time their phone is off the hook so you can't order takeout and grubhub has had to cancel my order because they don't have what their grubhub menu says they have. So, all in all, there are lots of good Indian places in Tempe. Try somewhere else.
5	Love this place! Great food, wonderful service, and reasonable prices. This has become a monthly treat for us. We always order way too much food and leave with leftovers for days.
3	Good was pretty good and service was the same.  My only issue is that they brought my soup with my entree - so make sure to ask for soup first if desired.Butter chicken was nicely prepared.  It came with a side of plain rice which was a nice compliment.  I also ordered some Buttered Naan.  Good as well.The parking lot was empty as was the restaurant.  I am not sure why.  The restaurant is a solid 3 stars.
5	Phenomenal food. The flavor and spices are so authentic. I absolutely love this place. Great food, great service. Awesome location and parking. I give it a million stars
