3	I used to come to this place a lot with my family when I was a kid. After many years of not eating here, I took my friend Carmon here for lunch hoping for some fantastic duck noodle soup. The duck was great, but the soup itself did not have much flavor, and they gave a skimpy portion of noodles. Our waiter was weird too, he took a long time to get us our hot tea and he brought each of us our food at different times. If you ever come here, get a whole duck or roasted pork to go. Those are the only good food items here.
2	4 stars for roasted meats.  Stars deducted for poor attitude from owner.Good Chinese roast meats and authentic Cantonese cooking in a former Thai buffet restaurant space.I was excited to see Roast Duck "Lai Fun" Noodle Soup but was disappointed when the lai fun turned out to be more like udon.  Lai fun is the classic noodle accompaniment to roasted goose in Hong Kong.  It's silky and delicate - this one was thick and heavy.  When I protested to the server, she passed me on to the owner who said this is what lai fun is like in the US.  I was outraged - how can you  use this as an excuse especially when the dish was advertised in Chinese only?  Obviously whoever could read it would know what it's supposed to be like.  You don't pass off fettucine for spaghetti just cuz you're in another country!I hate how people like this give Chinese service a bad rap.
3	I didn't have any issues with service that previous reviewers had, but I can't really see myself going back to this place. The food wasn't bad, it was actually pretty decent, but it wasn't a "Wow, I can't wait to go back!" kind of experience. I guess what it comes down to is that I can't knock the place for being bad, because it certainly wasn't, but there are at least three other Asian restaurants and an Oregano's in the same tiny strip mall, and I kind of wish I chose any of them instead.
3	Despite being seated in the back far from everyone else with my Asian boyfriend, I find myself coming back here again and again.  The service is not very good, especially what I perceive to be racism against white people.  However, the food is as authentic as it gets for Chinese cuisine in the Phoenix metro area.  Having recently returned from a stint in China, I can say this with a basis for comparison.  One distinct advantage to the already huge menu is that the cooks will even prepare food choices that are not listed on the menu.  Service is slow, food is good; don't expect any fortune cookies.  Ah!  One last thing: If you like "hot pots," be warned: The hot pot dish on the menu is already prepared and simply served to you in a literal hot pot.
3	The first thing that strikes you when you walk into this restaurant is the array of barbequed and roasted meats hanging next to the register. If you are familiar with such roasted delights, this sight immediately reminds you of some of the best that Cantonese food has to offer. For those who are seeing this for the first time, it can definitely be intimidating. But fear not, this is one case in which a little gastronomic bravery really pays off. And one thing is for certain, Best of Hong Kong Dining certainly knows its Chinese BBQ. The BBQ pork, roast duck, and roast pork are as good as anything I've had in the Phoenix Metro area. Unfortunately, thats the highlight of this restaurant. This isn't to say that food there isn't good. I've been there quite a few times and each time had a decent meal. Growing up in a Chinese family, I've learned to take my Chinese food very seriously and can safely say that the food here is pretty decent - not spectacular, but not bad. As for the service...let's be honest. The majority of Asian restaurants in general have this type of service. It can border on rudeness and even be strangely unnerving, but in a Chinese restaurant, its all about the food. If you are looking for great Hong Kong-style barbeque and decent authentic Chinese, this would be a fair choice.
4	I've only ordered from here, but have done it about 5 times now. The language barrier with the people who take your order over the phone makes it pretty difficult, but if you can get past that the Mongolian Beef is sooo worth it! I love that stuff! Its spicy and the grilled onions are amazing. I didn't even know I liked onions that much! But the eggrolls are greasy and just taste bad. I don't think you should have to cover them in sweet and sour sauce to make them good. Also one time I had the Kung Pao chicken and it wasn't even kind of special. I was bored with it and halfway into it looking for somethng else to eat. I don't know, maybe I shouldn't give this place such a good review then, but the rice and mongolian beef make me love getting food from here
4	Everything is really good here except for the eggrolls, which are only mildly disappointing.The chicken in Black bean sauce from this place is bordering on sublime, and they do a really good job with fresh live seafood, vegetarian dishes and various types of Chinese barbecue like Char-Su and Spare-ribs.I came here religiously but I got in a political disagreement about Tibet with a Nationalist Chinese mainlander waitress who is attending University at ASU -From then on the price of the Sauteed snowpea leaves (not on the menu -but for sale at the nearby Chinese market for about 1.99 a serving)  kept getting more and more expensive every time I came in, so when the verbal price reached fifteen dollars, and I had been accustomed to paying ten dollars other places, I got pissed off and stopped going.Real Chinese food. Made and served by real Chinese Mainlanders and a Mexican guy in the back named Shiloh.Some of the best food I have had anywhere. These guys don't fake it.Free Tibet!
5	I am giving it 5 stars based on value and taste.  Presentation is not fantastic, and decor of the restaurant isn't great either.  However, you get tasty, no-frills Chinese food for little out of pocket expense.  I personally love the roasted duck, which is hanging in a heated box when you walk in (which is how all no-frills chinese joints should keep their duck).  It is by far the best roasted duck I have had in town.  Their Char-shiu pork (red chinese BBQ) is pretty darn good.  I can eat that stuff like candy it is so sweet.  Other favorites are the beef with green beans, sweet and sour (chicken, shrimp, pork....doesn't matter), and the chow mein.  I would recommend this to anyone that is on a budget and wants some relatively authentic Chinese food.  Sure, they have the Americanized stuff on the menu, but there are tons of fresh options that I haven't tried that are probably good.  I only say that because I have never had a bad meal there.
1	the restaurant formerly known as the best hong kong.what happened to this place?  this used to be our go-to chinese restaurant in the east valley!the food has gone down hill and the service which used to be 3/5 has gone to 1/5.there was this young college age kid/busboy/waiter (who knows, he could have been older, just add 10 years to what you think they are) who actually chased us out the door and demanded that we leave 15% tip when we only left 10%....what a dufushello, we're trying to send you a message idiot.  i guess the best message is to not eat there and tell 100 other people to do the sameyou shall be called "Worst Hong Kong"
4	Whenever I crave Chinese food, which is often because I AM Chinese, I hop in my car and drive 27.1 miles down to this place for several reasons.1) It's authentic.2) It tastes reliably great every time I go.3) There isn't another Chinese place on the north side of town that serves anything comparably good.I know the young college kid/busboy/waiter that Madi D. mentioned and yeah, there are times when he's a little space brained but it's not intentional and for the most part, he's pretty attentive to customers.  So yeah, the service may not be a 5 but once you get to know the people working there, they take care of you.  While I agree that it shouldn't matter because a patron is a patron but still - this is just how it is... My favorite dishes from this place include:* Eggplant and garlic sauce* Beef stew* Porridge* Salty fish & chicken fried rice* Four season beans* Beef noodles* Bitter melonIt's all very tasty and believe me, I wouldn't drive over 50 miles round trip several times a week just so I could yelp about it later.  I've brought many friends and family here and will continue to do so in the future because it's just that damn good.If you see me there, feel free to introduce yourself, you can tell if I'm there because my oil dripping car will be in the parking lot (read my review for Right Toyota!).Cheers!c
4	I visited Best Hong Kong due to my friend from Tempe who told me he had to stop by here every time he came back home.  Raved about the duck.  I've never understood duck...very little meat and bony.  Why not just eat chicken?  Anyways...We were greeted by a very non enthusiastic male server who seemed to grunt more than speak.  I thought maybe it was a language barrier...but my buddy said he was his least favorite waiter and a horrible one at that.  We both work in the service industry and are very sensitive to bad service.  He took our order competently and brought us back cokes and waters (always order water!!).  He brought the food out and was not very agile in placing our plates (my buddy ordered for both of us and always listens to his stomach!).  Twice I thought he was going to put a plate on top of a plate...I hate when I have to move stuff around for them to place it.  After that...we didn't hear from him until he brought the check...even the sound of a straw being sucked with little beverage failed to get his attention.  Finally a girl who was hanging out by the kitchen spotted us and brought refills.  The service was the worst part...The food was incredible.  My buddy ordered a 1/2 duck, 1/2 chicken, pepper pork chops, beef chow fun and Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce.  I've never had duck this good.  This duck was actually meaty (still bony, but what can you do right).  Very, very good.  Blew the chicken away.  The chicken was good too...but it was a very familiar taste.  Beef chow fun isn't my favorite noodle, i prefer chow mien, but I went with it and it was good.  The pepper pork chop was very good.  I think i ate more of that then anything else.  The Chinese broccoli was delicious and I ate many stalks of it (and I'm pretty much anti-vegetable unless prepared perfectly).  I hear they have other servers that are better and I'd recommend going in on their days of work.  The food is incredible and I'd definitely give this place 5 stars if the service was superb.
2	In short: A monument to crappy-ness.  Decent food muddled by horrible service, becoming a bit overpriced as well.Well what can I say about best hong kong?  Rather than going on a tirade of negativity, I'll list the good things about it.  The food is decent, half the time...... well that's it, I guess.  Now the tirade: When you go sit there, it doesn't inspire you to eat.  Looks dirty everywhere, it may not be actually dirty but you just feels creeped out.  The staff is rude from owner/hostess up front, any one of the non english speaking waiters, and the bussers.  To get something extra like rice or water is like taking a kidney from them.  Food is sometimes good on not so oily but it's hit or miss really.  Only reason I go there is for the duck, it's probably one of the better dishes anywhere.  I don't bother dining in anymore, just get my duck and vamoose. It used to be pretty affordable, but over time the prices have gone up a lot.  When I started coming here the whole duck was 12$ now half a duck is 10$. Although I have never been chased by the staff, two of my friends were chased out to the parking lot demanding 15% or more on the tips.  There service is probably deserves a -15%, it's that bad.  I'm really surprised by the general disregard for customers.  Another funny thing is that the staff understands english pretty well but if you have a complaint then they pretend like they are hearing english for the first time.  It's pretty funny to see.  Don't go here if you can help it.
4	All of the food I have had here is great, I especially like the Stuffed Tofu and the Black mushrooms and chinese greens (if you can't tell I am a vegetarian) They have a lot of vegetarian meals, and although I hate doing it on principle they are always really nice about making stuff without meat for me (like stuffed tofu). The decor is old and they don't have booths which is always a downer, but the place is always clean. the service is average Asian food service, they get your order, refill your water, and bring you your food, no real interaction. Whenever I have asked about ingrediants they have always been knowledgable, and helpful in picking out non meat meals when I asked, so I would have to say their service isn't bad, just not uhh outgoing.They are quick with take out, and always correct with the orders and additional stuff like utensils and napkins (which is not a big deal until the one time you don't get them).
5	One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in AZ. I've been stopping in here occasionally for years, ever since they were known as Hong Kong Noodle House and the original little Lee Lee's market was next door (with the exact same smiling owner with the exact same yellow shirt standing by the door!).  There are always plenty of junk Chinese food joints around with the oily egg rolls and fried rice, but a real decent place is hard to find in Arizona. Something that irks me about Chinese restaurants is that many of them have a secret menu with the good stuff written in Chinese, and another one with all the greasy junk in English for the gringos, but Best HK doesn't do that.  It has a single menu in English and Chinese side by side and that's the way it should be.A couple of my favorites here are Singapore style fine rice noodles and oysters with black bean sauce in season, and hot pots, and...
4	Excellent food, but horrible service.  I normally do take-out since the service is slow and not very attentive.  This place has authentic Chinese food at pretty good prices.  It lacks atmosphere and looks like it could use a total restoration, but I've eaten all over the world from five start restaurants with beautiful decor and  table settings along with a gigantic bill to little hole in wall places wondering if they have a health inspector  in their country. I like this place since I've been doing take-out from them.
4	this place is deceiving, hence the very mixed reviews. what i've noticed is that the lunch menu is decent...although entirely standard chinese-american fare.  but try one bite of the duck or fresh fish and your mind will be totally blown...and this is coming from someone who spent over a year traveling Asia.
4	While at ASU, I ate here all the time w/ then Hong Kong boyfriend.  He's many years gone, but the restaurant remains in my heart... I've bounced all over the menu over the years, these are the must trys: #263 Two BBQ Combo Rice Plate:  The BBQ chef is a genius, it's the best Chinese bbq in town -- I go for the roasted white pork and roasted duck, passing on the red BBQ pork.  The rice plate (vs the app) comes w/ sauteed cabbage and natural sauce from the roasted duck... oh my yum.#172  Spicy Green Beans with Minced Pork:  not spicy at all, eat it as soon as they place the dish on the table.. so you get the 'breath of the wok' before it disappears...#202  Beef Chow Fun w/ Egg Sauce:  wide white rice noodles with a saucy soft egg sauce w/ beef.  Eat with the Siracha or hot oil sauce...#220  Seafood Chow Mein, upgraded HK Style Pan Fried Noodles: DO THE UPGRADE for the crispy yellow egg noodles.  Comes with scallops, tiger shrimp and calamari...the sauce soaks into the noodles, and it's delicious!
4	My wife and I went here Saturday evening with another couple.  The place was pretty dead so we were seated right away.  We were also the only non-Asians there so this was a good sign that this was an authentic place.  The general look of this place also set the vibe that this was authentic as you can get in Arizona...you know...with the hanging roast ducks and pork, the non-English as a first language staff, etc.  Anyway, I was looking forward to this meal.  What I wasn't looking forward to was the service.  Almost every single Yelp review slams this place's service.  Almost everybody thinks it is horrible and even the people that we went with had dined there before and said it wasn't very good.  I however thought the service wasn't bad at all and was actually pretty good.  Sure our waiter didn't speak very good English which made it a bit difficult but he was pretty friendly, brought everything we asked for (forks, napkins, etc.), didn't screw up our order and was super fast with my diet coke refills.  So I have absolutely no complaints on the service.The food:* Sizzling rice soup = pretty good.  I want to try the hot and sour next time though.* Lo Mein = pretty standard like every other place but it was very good.* Sliced roast pork = excellent and not overly sauced* Salty fish and chicken fried rice = I have no idea why we ordered this and really wasn't my choice but my friend insisted we try it.  It actually wasn't as bad as it sounds but it was in fact a bit weird for my palate.  I think I should stick to fried rice without the fish though next time.Anyway, the place is definitely worth a try.  Just don't let the look of the place or most of these reviews scare you away.
2	Went to eat here expecting a Chinese food dining experience but got a little bit disappointed. Order a Kung Pao Beef but it's really sour, Seafood Tofu kinda plain and need a Lil bit more salt, but their Pork Chop is good. The service is excellent, the only problem that I had is the food taste is just okay. Overall if I'm looking to eat pork chop I'll probably drop by but in the mean time I'll keep on browsing for other chinese food restaurant in the area.
2	This is a filthy place.  Several times I saw cockroaches crawling around.  The service is terrible.  Only thing I like is their barbecue items.  Now I don't even go there because Mekong has better barbecue.
3	The family meals here are a good deal.  They provide a lot of food for a reasonable price.  Quality is decent.  Usually the meals will include soup, a veggie dish, some meat dishes, and a dessert.
4	One of the best places in the valley for Cantonese/Hong Kong styel bbq meats and rice plates.  The food is delicious and ridiculously cheap.  It is not consequence that you will see a lot of students from MCC and ASU eating here.  Follow their lead and order a rice plate or platter of bbq proteins.  Otherwise come here and order family style and you will be in heaven.
3	We wanted to have chinese one night for dinner in honor of Chinese New Year so we chose to come here Friday night. I know there are plenty of options near us but specifically we wanted good roast duck and was steered here upon my search.We had: 2 BBQ Combination Plate (Roast Duck & Roast Pork) - was a bit turned off by seeing them put this in the microwave before bringing it to the table. But it tasted good and the skins were still crispy so I guess it wasn't too bad.Pan Fried Seafood Chow Mein- our favorite dish here. My BF is a sucker for this dish anywhere we go and it did not disappoint. Noodles were crispy and gravy was pretty tasty. Beef and Egg Sauce over Rice- This was a bit of a disappointment for me. It tasted very bland. Also, the rice was not jasmine rice which made it a bigger let down. (I hate when Chinese places use cheap rice, it ruins the whole dinner for me.)Green Beans w Minced Pork- I love sauteed green beans at Chinese restaurants. This was okay. A little too salty for my liking. It would be perfect to eat with rice and yet again, if only there were nice and fluffy jasmine rice to accompany this dish. It would have made it better. It wasn't an awful meal, but it was nothing remarkable either. There were some dishes I did enjoy (bbq plate and crispy chow mein). But I can find better variations of these dishes elsewhere. Portions are plenty, we had sooo much leftovers. And for 4 dishes it cost us a bit over $30 which was definitely a steal.
5	I used to go here frequently for family diners. They always easily accommodated our large groups. I have never seen the place packed but it is usually decently full.I have so many dishes that I love that it is hard not to spend a fortune when going there so now that I live on my own I save this place for special occasions and good paychecks.The duck is my favorite of any duck I have gotten before.I also love the black bean chicken, garlic green beans, and salty pepper pork.It's always been clean when I have gone. The bathrooms are very nice though the locks haven't worked on multiple occasions.
1	We always wanted to go this place due to the fact that many other Hong Kong Chinese restaurants are really good and it seem like it was like a great authentic Chinese food place to go to.  This is by far the worst place i have ever been.  I ordered the egg fu yung, it came with 3 patties, just green onions on top and gravy. no other vegetables or other condiments like I have at other places and worst of all it was burnt. We ordered Peking Pork Chops and it tasted like orange chicken, try figure. And last we ordered Seafood Chow fun, it was slimy and seafood was chewy, uncooked and no flavor what so ever.  The top it all off, we were not offered any other drinks, server just gave us water that tasted so bad due to the fact probably because the glass cups were not washed well as you could see other lip stains. We all felt grossed out and sick after and my 3 year old daughter was nauseated  all the way home.  Me and my wife had a headache as well. Probably because, i presumed of the MSG and uncooked seafood and the overcooked egg fu yung.  Last, it was 105 degrees outside and I was sweating like a pig inside with there ceiling fans off and the A/C prob seem like it was set at 90 degrees.First and last time at this place.
4	Best Hong Kong Dining is the most authentic Chinese food I've found in the Phoenix area so far... in a restaurant anyway.  It's a chop shop... meaning you can eat at their restaurant or buy meat by the pound and they'll 'chop' it up for you.  You can often hear the sound of their cleaver working... chopchopchopchop. lol  It's reassuring to me.  It's sounding out authentic Chinese bbq pork, duck, etc.  That being said, I haven't ordered out of the chop shop yet.  They have my favorite Chinese dish, cod (or random fish filet) in black bean sauce.  It is delicious here... fresh and sure to please any fish lovers pallet.  I'll definitely be back and though it's not a fancy place for a 1st date, I'd take a group of friends here.See ya there!
5	It's not a very luxurious place, but the food is amazing! It's a pretty good value too. I wouldn't go there on a date since it's not too fancy, but with friends or family, it would work just fine.
4	OK; I thought I would add my two-cents here.  Been going to this restaurant off and on for like 20 years.  I still think it is a pretty good place to eat Cantonese food.  Again, not outstanding, but not bad either.  I often find it interesting that some people who write reviews about ethnic restaurants think the restaurant is bad when they do not eat the authentic ethnic dishes --- go figure?  Why go to a Cantonese restaurant and eat sweet/sour chicken and egg foo yueng?Wifey and I went for lunch yesterday.  I took her shopping in prep for our out of town trip this coming weekend and we got hungry.  So we decided to go and eat here again.  I ordered a whole roast duck in a take out container and also two pounds of roast pork.  For our sit-down orders, my wife ordered her wor wun tun soup and I ordered Chinese beef stew lo mein.  My wife always orders her wor wun tun soup if she feels like eating something soupy, since it is always pretty good and consistent.  I like Chinese beef stew (naunam) over noodles and this dish was pretty good too.  We also ate a little roast pork and some roast duck out of the take out containers but took most of the duck and pork home.  Why did I order so much duck and roast pork? -- Because my two dogs love this stuff.  I hand strip the meat off the duck bones and they gobble down the duck and roast pork for their dinner.  They must have eaten at least $20+ for their dinner last night.  Then they had vanilla and strawberry ice cream with strawberry syrup for their dessert, while I was watching the Dbacks game.
1	After inquiring about several dishes and not finding exactly what i was looking for, I ordered some really simple.  Jook (congee, rice porridge).  A staple.  Ridiculously simple to make with the ingredients of rice, water, and a bit of ginger.  It was incredible how terrible the bowl was.The price was good.  The appearance was fine, but the taste set a new record and not a good one.  It was straight narsty.  There was no rice taste whatsoever.  The only thing I could think was that they use mostly rice flour instead of rice to make it.Maybe I ordered the wrong things, but I don't think i'll be giving it another shot.  It is certainly not among the Best Hong Kong Dining in the valley.
5	Been going here for about 20+ years now, still has the Best Roast duck in the state.  Always come here for a whole roast duck and roast pork and bbq pork.  As good as it gets in arizona.  :)
3	It was ok.  I wanted to like it more.  We found it on YELP while my daughter was in the hospital at Cardon's.  She wanted egg drop soup which, by the way, was very good (little too much tofu for me).  My wife liked the hot and sour soup and the crab puffs were good.  Egg roll was a little mushy.  Portions were small considering, but prices were very reasonable ($5.15 for lunch special).  The reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 4 is that there is no orange chicken on the lunch menu and the sweet and sour pork I got had some nasty fat chunks in half of the pieces I got.  One I had to spit out into my napkin because I couldn't chew it up.  Even with that said, I would probably try it again because everything else was good and the price was fair.
4	Well, some dishes are good and some dishes are not so good.  Portions on the small side compared with ACE and Mekong Palace a mile north.  3 1/2 rounded up to 4.
4	We've been here a few times now, and I generally get my staple: the roast duck rice plate. It's the cheapest duck in town, and it's damn good! $6 for a good size serving of duck and rice that will often last me two meals, you really can't beat that. My partner is a fan of the egg drop soup. If you're lucky enough to be there around lunch time, the lunch specials are great! The kung pao chicken is spicy and flavorful, the Mongolian beef is tender and some of the best I've had in town. But honestly, the main reason I go here is the duck. It's worth it!
5	I love Ms li she's my favorite waitress and she meets my teacher. I can talk Cantonese to Ms Li and she's thinks I'm smart. What ms li's first name is unknown
3	I gotta share something with you other yelpers.  My late wife always used to tell me this, but being the non-learner that I am, I have not listened.....but on Friday, I went to have some lunch here with a friend.  The food was OK again -- not great, not bad, but acceptable as Cantonese food goes.  But I also wanted a whole roasted duck and about 2# of roast pork so I ordered that too and asked them to cut that up and just put it into take home containers for me.  But I what I did not do, which I should have done, is go to the deli counter and watch what they were doing.  They gave me the driest, oldest duck they had and the burnt and fatty piece of roast pork.  My wife always told me that Chinese restaurants are notorious for doing crap like that, and she should know being Chinese herself.  I must always remind myself to remember that and always remember to listen to the advice of my wife!!!  These places always give the crap stuff to unsuspecting customers.  I should have know better -- my bad!!
4	I have been looking for a place since I moved out here that has GREAT fried rice.  On Christmas Eve, this place did not disappoint.  Delicious food ad quick take-out. Yum
5	Whats the owners name and I know Ms Li i don't her last name did sOmebody give me her name I'm not sure
5	Nothing fancy here, just solid good food at cheap prices. The rice plates are less than $6.00 and the BBQ Pork, Roasted Pork and Duck are always a sure thing. The quantity is shareable between 2 people or one hungry person. Service is pretty good and if you want to just take out there is always the roasted duck or the roasted or bbq pork that is fresh and hanging in the glass enclosures like you would fine in most Chinatowns. Need a quality cheap Chinese place in North Scottsdale that is like this.
4	Food is always good here, although i did notice they started to microwave the roasted pork.  Anyways, when I go, there are 2 lady servers there they both are pretty good.  However, when you go and the guys are serving, you better just walk out.  the service with them are horrible.But again, great food as always.
5	One of the best Chinese places I have gone to in Phoenix. Their Orange Chicken is amazing, and I'm really picky about my Orange Chicken. My husband really loves this place, and we have converted his family to them as well. Will continue coming as long as we live in Phoenix.
4	Just enjoyed our favorite Asian restaurant!  Lunch specials are a real value!  We always order the garlic green beans... best in town!
5	Best roast duck in the valley. Come to this place for real authentic Chinese food. The service is alright, and I really would give it 4  stars for decor, but the food is just so good that I gave it 5 stars. I highly highly recommend the duck lo mein. It is simply to die for!
4	Duck and roast pork are great, bought a roast pig for my birthday and it was great. Great Lunch, Great staff
2	As much as I want to provide this place with some love....well I can't!I think the food here is pretty authentic and good; if you're willing to wait for it.  My buddy and I ordered their pan fried noodles with beef, bbq pork, and peking duck.  Needless to say the bbq pork was pretty good.  Our noodles and duck, well we ate it at  home since it took so long for it to come out.  Needless to say, I was content with my noodles and the peking duck was what I expected it should be.  In the end, having to bring my food home after waiting really put a damper for my dining experience.  I think if they would hire more help it would definitely alleviate some service woes.  The food is good and authentic.  The place needs a makeover for sure, but I guess you should expect that from a dive Chinese food joint! - Enjoy!
4	If I could, I'd pin a medal on Best Hong Kong for the stupendously good Pork and Oyster Hotpot I had there the other night. At 8 pm on a Sunday night, the place was busy (with about 2 dozen Chinese and me) and the service was very good. Not a fancy place, but it's all about the food--and the food is seriously good.
5	Pregnancy cravings!  BEST Chinese roast duck (sui op) and roasted white pork (sui yuk) in town.  I live down the street from Phoenix Palace, but I make the drive here.In the appetizer section, you can order the 2 BBQ combination.  In the rice plate section, you can choose one of the plates and it comes with rice and some vegetables.NOM NOM NOM.
3	The flavors were super flavorful, and when I ate my leftovers, the MSG was even more overpowering and saltier than when I ate it fresh at the restaurant.Everything also shined of oil. Had duck and BBQ slices, which tasted good. You have to ask for the duck sauce. The oysters in their oyster mix dish had soooo much sand in them. Their fish and bok choy was okay...The hong kong style beef slices was good, just MSG-y. Bring your own water or buy something to drink... their water tastes gross...Also, the soap in the bathroom was 10x watered down.
5	reviewers bao and helen need to realize that perfection takes time. relax!this place is not kidding when they start their name with "best."listen to the lizard......
1	If I could rate this place 0 stars I would. My girlfriend and I both got super sick from the food here and she's a vegetarian and I'm not. We ordered completely different types of food yet the outcome was the same. We both ended up spending the rest of our Saturday night vomiting and regretting ever setting foot in this so called restaurant. First of all the only reason we tried this place is the fact that there are so many great reviews. This is absolutely the strongest evidence against the corruption that yelp has been accused of. These reviews have to be a complete farce or I'm surround by a ton of fully mentally challenged foodies. When we first walked in we knew something was off by the smell of the place. It has that same dirty smell that most asian supermarkets have. Everyone was completely rude to us and once they saw us the woman working the register actually took the menu out of the bag, almost hinting that they didn't want us ordering from them again. As terrible as the service was the food was one hundred times worse. So bad that not only did we get the worst food poisoning ever but we couldn't even eat more than a couple bites of the entrees. This place deserves to be shut down and placed on some sort of quarantine by the government. Don't listen to any of these other reviews on here they are obviously paid for and if you do decide to chance it, we'll god bless you and I hope you cancel all of your planes for the rest of the evening.
4	Went to this place because we had heard they had some of the best roast pork/roast duck. Well people were right, the wife and I picked up a roast pork plate and roast duck plate. Both were delicious. They gave us a lot of rice (which was flavored we think).The decor was lacking but hey the food is what makes the place right?If you're looking for authentic roast pork or roast duck, this is the place to get it at.
1	My girlfriend and I tried this place out for the first time. We went during lunch and no one was in there, but it didn't smell like sewage like hodori did next door so we decided to try it out. We both got lunch special items, the chicken and vegetables and the chicken curry. They both came with soup which she had the egg drop and I had the hot and spicy, both tasted funny and we could not finish them. Then the meals came out. The chicken was rubbery and way over cooked and looked like it was swimming in saliva. After only a couple bites we both decided it was not fresh and had hardly any flavor and could not eat any more. We left the full plates and paid for our meals, the server then proceeded to ask for a tip after noticing I did not fill in the gratuity due to the horrible food and service they presented. I then felt bad and filled in a 10% tip. My lowest tip amount, and I even work in the food industry and understand that a 10% tip is awful. On my drive home I had to pull over and vomit what I did eat. I hope they can get their quality of food up to par soon before they have to close down. I do not recommend anyone eat there ever.
4	The very best lunch specials!  Cashew chicken is our favorite along with the delectable garlic green beans!
4	Probably my mother's favorite place for siu laap!  Since she lives in Glendale, I'm often asked to be the delivery gal to bring her roasted duck, boiled chicken with the head still on, and roasted pork whenever she needs to do some Chinese ceremonial tradition.  If it's not me she's forcing to do the grunt work, it's one of her co-workers.  Regardless, even if it's on the east side, it will always show up to Mommy W. fresh!I first came across this place when my friend invited us out for dinner.  It seemed to have all your Americanized and authentic foods.  Service can be a bit of a wait but it's definitely worth your time.  Kudos to the chef for making such amazing flavorful food.  Prices are reasonable and the place is clean.  I haven't tried any of their lunch specials but my friend says they're pretty decent.  They make a delicious Mussels with Black Bean Sauce and their Salt & Pepper Shrimp is pretty amazing as well.  And there's nothing like some rice soup [aka porridge] when you want something warm.  It's the Asian chicken noodle soup [comfort food].  I stick with either the pork with the century egg or the fish fillet porridge.  Momma W. makes it best but Best Hong Kong Dining is a close second.  The only reason why I don't frequent here as often as I should is because parking is always a pain.  There are some other eateries and a grocery store in this strip plaza so parking can be pretty sketchy.  You know us Asian drivers.  Look out!  :P
1	So the roasted duck was delicious in flavor, HOWEVER the prices were kinda outrageous and the duck was microwaved.  I paid 9.50 for half a roasted microwaved duck, and 8.99 for a platter of mediocre appetizers (2 egg rolls, 2 ribs, 2 crab puffs, and 2 skewers).  The food was SLIGHTLY warm and got cold the minute I started eating.  THE WORST PART was when I paid and the waitress harassed me into tipping her more even though the service was mediocre.  I barely had enough for the forced tip and felt uncomfortable with her harassment.  Not eating in again, I'll take my duck to go.
3	We always come here for duck noodle soups. They have very good BBQ pork and duck. Their price is on the low side and their portions are good. Sometimes I feel the restaurant is not very clean, i just look the other way.
5	The place was amazing ! What we tried was Beef with green beans and they were FRESH! Won ton soup was SUPER AWESOME and we absolutely loved it!!!!! We went there 3 times and this was our 4th time! I recommend this place! It is Amazing:))
5	This is one of my favorite places for roast duck and roast pork their regular Asian food like kung pao chicken is very good as well.
5	This is my favorite Chinese place for take-out.  I love their Singapore rice noodles and they will turn up the heat on this if you ask them----$6.95.  I've also had their Thai-style pineapple fried rice, and it was delicious.  I've never eaten inside the restaurant.  I'm going to have to try other plates since they have such a large menu....
5	This place is the real deal.  BBQ pork, roast pork, and duck are best in town.   Veggies are definitely worth the price.  Fried Hong Style Noodles are also a favorite.
5	I couldn't be more upset and dissappointed after eating here. I've passed this restaurant on my way home everyday for the last seven plus years and have been missing out on exceptional Chinese cuisine.  Egg roll...deeeelish!  Tonight we had the General's chicken and it was zesty, sweet and though covered in sauce it was very crispy. We also ordered the Mongolian beef which really brought out the sweetness of the chicken.  The chicken brought out the spicy flavors of the shallots and pepper sauce and all I can say is these two were meant to be ordered together. Last but not least was the vegetable chow mein, ...all I can say is it was a meal by itself.  Firm noodles, crisp broccoli, celery,  snow peas,  and perfect seasoning.  I'm seriously upset I have cheated myself out of some great dishes for so long.
