3	Went for lunch visit today. Service was exceptional and fast, ladies are nice and prompt. Prices are fine, what I expected. About ~$150 for 7 of us.Decor is nice, new and modern. Very purple.. but nice. Some ~32" ish tvs around but only a few. Nice big table up top for a group next to the DJ area. Nice sized bar with lots of drinks and a lot of 4 tops all around. Food... had a few different rolls and pot stickers. Standard rolls were just that... standard. Nothing exiting but good. My only gripe was a bunch of them were kind of falling apart - not tight.  There are some creative specialty rolls that were really good and everybody enjoyed. I failed to order nigiri cause I forgot but next time. My friend says the sushimi is pretty great tho. The 'skinny bitch' cucumber roll was a nice change too.I'm not overly ecstatic about the place but it's definitely on my radar for trying a couple more times and for happy hour at night and see the crowd. I'll be back but when I want killer sushi I'll probably go to another spot or two in the valley.
1	After signing up for their free text message deals of the week, I was left disappointed after sharing it with friends. The service was slow (under staffed) and their attitude was "they were doing us a favor"! Customer service needs to be the priority folks! Chandler will not support a restaurant establishment with such low standards. This town is too small to have BIG city attitude. Stay in Scottsdale.
3	Not bad....its brand new.....I thought the customer service was just fine. Sushi was good but not excellent. Food was done in a timely manner. I am sure given amount of time that they hopefully improve on the quality of the food. They seem to have  agood bar at least....and color purple everywhere.
5	I don't get all the poor reviews. I have been to all the sushi restaurants in town - don't even get me started on how much Stingray sucks -  have been in the new Pearl threex since it has opened it has been great. The rolls are huge, the drinks tasty and the service has been spot on. The dude behind the bar, Steven, seriously makes me laugh out loud. Will be back with friends!
5	Went here for a work happy hour!  It was so good!  I was never excited  about sushi.  But theirs is so good.  The rolls are amazing.  Love the "fish sticks!" The decor is really changed from previous tenants.  Pearl really gets it.  The bar is very metro for the burbs.  Way to go. Large groups go upstairs in the pit!
3	This is a new sushi restaurant in Chandler.  We tried to sit at the sushi bar but were told we would have to order our food through the servers. Between that and these strange short little sofa type seats at the sushi bar, we decided to eat at a table.  We always start with hamachi (yellowtail) and maguro (tuna) to test the quality of fish.  I found the maguro to be stringy, which means it's either inferior quality or it's cut wrong.  I also found the hamachi to be fishy.  We also tried the 'skinny bitch' cucumber roll which was excellent and their tacos are excellent too.  The other problem I had with their sushi is the rice is not rolled tight so it falls apart when you try to dip it in soy sauce.  The people were super nice and pleasant and our server was very helpful in helping us make our sushi selections.All in all, I think this restaurant has potential if they improve their sushi bar and get a better quality fish.  Their rolls and sushi choices are very creative and their happy hour all day every day gimmick is a funny way of saying 'regular prices' all day every day.  Funny!
4	The food is so good, I have only tried two types of rolls and the sweet chili edamame i believe it was called. There was a deep fried shrimp in some type of batter that was not tempura that was supposed to be amazing as well. Our friend who worked as a chef at RA, Kona Grill, That Place in mesa, and now Pearl Sushi, is amazing at what he does and cannot wait until he puts his twist some day at this location so until then we will continue to come here to support him at this restaurant and use him as a personal sushi chef when we have parties. The food is amazing here and cannot wait to try more.
4	We've been in three times for lunch in the past month and ordered the same thing each time. The sweet and spicy edamame is amazing!  We've also ordered the Caterpillar and Capt Crunch, both wonderful!  While we did not order alcoholic beverages with our lunch, their iced green tea is refreshing. Friendly server remembered us when we came back the second and third time. Prices are reasonable and we will for sure keep going back to help keep this neighborhood joint in business...it's been 4 different restaurant in the last 12 years.Rarely give out 5 stars as there is always room for improvement but consider this a 4.5 review.
5	So excited that there is finally a sushi bar close to us as good as the one we usually drive 10 miles to go to! Happy Hour ALL the time,  including industry nights and ladies nights for even more deals. All the sushi comes in huge rolls and the small plates (I highly recommend the rock shrimp for $6) is amazing! Was very pleased with the food the deal and our great server Cassie, who explained everything with a easy flair. You won't be disappointed.
5	Out waitress Cassie was so sweet. I had the pocket rocket super yummy and the Rice Krispie which I didn't like and she took it off without even asking. My son had chicken katsu which he liked and comes with a yummy salad and soup!! Great Happy Hour and specials during the week!!! Will return
4	Excellent sushi, excellent drink specials, finally a cool place right on the corner. This is the one that stays.  If you go, tell them Member #1184 sent you!
2	Service was slow.  7 rolls came out one at a time over the course of 45 minutes so that no one really ate together.  At the end, a gratuity was automatically added.  We had a party of 5.  Never heard of an automatic gratuity for a party of 5, but then again, I have never had worse service.
3	I found this to be a pretty average experience.  The food was decent-- not bad, but not something I would go out of my way for.  The sashimi salad was delicious and fresh, but the honey and ginger chicken was a tad bland.  Miso soup was good and I really like that they offer brown rice.  The service left a lot to be desired, though.  Our waiter took a really long time in between visits to our table, and when he was at our table he seemed very rushed, which was odd because there were only two other groups there when we went.  When we ordered, we had wanted to order a few rolls from the sushi menu in addition to the big plate items we were getting, but he grabbed the menus and rushed off before we got the chance, so we just let it go.  Their loss!  What I really liked was their decor.  Very classy looking, although they could stand to turn the music down a tad.  It was hard to hear the people I was there with during conversation. So... average.  I might go back if I was in the area, but it's not a place I would make a special request to go to.
3	This is a nice little spot and in a great location. The ambiance was chill because of the blue lighting. What I found to be nice was that it wasn't too loud and I didn't feel like I had to talk over anyone so they can hear me.Service: My server was helpful and attentive, but it could have been better. I kept ordering more food and drinks through out the evening, but each time I had to grab his attention. Food: Everything we had was tasty and had no complaints but I think everything was on the sweet side. From the Korean Pork Tacos to the Hawaiian BBQ Ribs to the some of the rolls. Would have loved some more salty flavors, but it wasn't bad.I'd return here for happy hour or something like that. It's a place to have in your back pocket just in case the mood hits you and if you're in the area or if you live in the area, which would be more convenient .
4	Great place. Paul behind the bar offered great service. Awesome sushi.
5	Nothing was short of amazing. No wait on Wed night. Excellent food, service, selections, bathroom, and timing. Prices worth what you get. We got two plate meals, sushi, and sake bombers. We will for sure be returning. I see them needing a bigger venue in a couple years when they outgrow due to popularity.
5	I had such a great experience here.  I came with a large group so we got the cool table in the back.  The table looks like its very low to the ground but once you get closer to it, you see that there is a space for your legs under the table.  Some people may not like it because it is a little difficult to get in and out of but i thought it was fun and different.  Food and drink prices were very reasonable.  I tried several different sushi that night but the Rice Crispy was my favorite.  The only downer was that we had such a large group (14 people) and they were not able to split the check so we all had to pay in cash. A few people didn't have cash so there was some borrowing going on.
2	Average sushi, not the best or most abundant pieces of fish on the rolls.  Ambience a nice change up.  Service, meh. Took too long to get waters and drink order, but after that, service was okay.  Just felt like we sat a little too long from the initial seating til we got some attention from wait staff.I did like the hamachi popper, calamari and goyza (potstickers).  Unagi sauce a little too sweet.Don't think I will go back unless we are dining with folks who want to go there.  I prefer Sekai in Mesa or Masa in Gilbert.
3	The first experience here was excellent. We likes ALL the items we tried. BUT, the second experience fell far short of the first. Many of the sushi items we had lacked flavor, very bland. And the service was the same... first time excellent, second time bad... and it was the same server!So, this place is a true mixed bag...Korean Tacos are very goodLarge plate of ginger chicken is goodEdamame is done perfectlytry rolls that look good to you... it is totally 50/50prices are on the more reasonable side for this quality... which is why we continue to go here.The "Club" cards (frequent diners card) have been 'on their way' for months... not too cool. Sounds like BS to me... they need to just buy some or print some darn cards out!
3	Somewhat spendy: Great food, small portions.Could use some work on the gender equality. If this place wants me to bring my ladies, put some pics of men on the walls  too. Otherwise, they can keep their sausage fest.
2	My wife and I visited Pearl for lunch. We were one of two tables. One would think that would lend itself to an attentive server and a good experience. Read on, dear reader. Our server asked if we'd ever been to Pearl before. We hadn't, but said we really enjoyed Ra and that we were looking forward to trying Pearl. He then proceeded to disparage Ra as being terrible Sushi. Having been properly chastised as knowing nothing, we made our selections. I like Nigiri. My wife likes rolls. Once delivered, we learned that our water didn't know anything about sushi. Compared to Ra, Pearl shouldn't even be mentioned in the same paragraph. The nigiri was mushy. The rolls fell to pieces. The service was meh! Like every other restaurant that has ever been in this location, it will fail. For the first time, I won't be disappointed. The sushi from Fry's in the same plaza is 10 times better in quality and value. And their service is better. We will leave our neighborhood and drive to Ra. Goodbye Pearl.
1	The sushi is just ok and the service is really not ok. i will not go there again just because i expect a better service.
1	We went to this place to try out their happy hour and the small plate menu. I had been there the weekend before with a friend and had ordered simple food. Now I thought we would try something a little more ambitious. The simple order was a california roll and the Korean pork tacos. The tacos were a bit greasy, but that was expected. On this second trip, we ordered a shrimp tempura roll and chicken yakisoba. It was a weekend evening and the place was empty but it was late for dinner. The shrimp tempura roll was rubbery and the yakisoba had over cooked noodles, bad tasting chicken and a gloppy sauce that came right out of a jar. We called over the server and asked and he just said thats how they make it. The soy sauce, their own recipe, tasted rancid. We spoke to the manager and he just acted like I should be honored to eat at Pearl Sushi and they were in Chandler doing us a favor. We eat out a lot and we won't be returning to this place.
5	I could eat sushi every day of my youth. However, Pearl has some rolls that really stand out. I like all of the slightly provocative names they have given their rolls. I also really like the ambience of the place! I go once every couple weeks, and still have no complaints.
2	Very good sushi but very poor service. Was seated an it took 11 minutes for a server to ask for a drink order and the floor in our booth has remains from prior diners such a shrimp tails an used chop sticks.
4	Thursday night is Ladies night and if you wear pearls and / or the colour purple, there is a treat in store for you!  Besides that bit of shameless advertising, I love Happy Hour every day and every hour menu!  I have to say, they have thought this one out. Very generous portions of seaweed salad and squid salad. I have to say that the miso is not free as it is in may place I go to, but it is very tasty and a meal in and of itself.  The sashimi is so fresh and the rolls are HUGE.Service can be hit or miss here but mostly it is good and I have gone a lot.  You will love their version of the rainbow roll. Skip the calamari as it tends to be over done.
2	sushi was ok. the fish was decently fresh but the service was not that great.
1	Worst dinning experience ever, over an hour to be served, half the meal was never delivered, but we were charged for it. I will never go back!!!!!!!!!!! Wish I didn't have to give it a one star, should be a negative five stars.
4	I have been here several times and it was about time I review.A little over priced for my taste but it is close by so I guess I didn't have to fuel up the tank to get there...Started off with a sake bomber as everyone should.  I quickly started to review the menu and on paper everything sounded so freakin good.  I decided to try a couple house specialties.  The salmon sashimi served with key lime sauce and tobiko (flying fish roe) and the escolar (butter fish) served with a strawberry infused ponzu sauce.  My thoughts on both....I would chosen masago over the flying fish egg as I feel it is less salty and the key lime sauce was ok.  The strawberry infused ponzu sauce had very little flavor.  Not a deal killer.  I will definitely try something different next time.  Now the next part was Pearl's salvation.  I ordered the Skinny Bitch and El Diablo.The Skinny Bitch was very good.  This was tuna, salmon, yellowtail and spicy crab rolled up in cucumber with a ponzu vinaigrette.  A very crisp and refreshing  roll.  The pinnacle of the night was El Diablo-spicy scallops and cucumber rolled and topped with mixed seafood ceviche.  Very good roll and the kicker is that it comes with a shot of tequila and 2 seafood ceviche tacos.  Those tacos were phenomenal!  The tequila wasn't too bad either.I wasn't finished yet...still had a little room in my belly so I ordered the squid and spicy scallop sushi along with the Korean pork tacos...those tacos were so tasty.I still give them 4 stars for the unique sashimi.  Just because they were not what I liked...doesn't mean someone else wouldn't like it.They had a decent selection of cold sakes and that was also a plus.Also I noticed that Sunday nights they have the seafood ceviche tacos for 50 cents!  What!  Who does that!
3	Mediocre at best. Was told by waitress that the owners don't refund if you don't like what you ordered, which I feel is kind of lame. Also be aware that this place is apparently cougar central of Chandler, I was incredibly uncomfortable watching two older couples causing a scene while downing drinks at 5pm on a weekday
5	I am so glad my husband and I tried this place last night. I had a craving for sushi and we haven't found a great place for it in Chandler, until now! This place is fantastic and my only regret is that we didn't try it sooner. Our sever was Alec and he was Awesome!!! He helped walk us through the menu and provided some great recommendations on rolls. We had the Sunset Strip, The Deep V, Rice Crispy and Hamachi Popper. The Deep V and Hamachi Popper were my favorites, soooo good! All of the rolls were delicious and we will definitely be back. I also like the concept of all day happy hour every day. The prices are on target - we had four rolls and two sake bombers for $50, not bad. And the service is fantastic, which can't be said for The Sushi Room, that posts specials on their door and website that they don't honor and makes you wait 40 min for water and food. The key difference is hospitality and execution, Pearl has it down and because of the stellar experience is our new go to place. Pearl makes you feel welcome the second you open the door. The hostess also gave us a coupon for 10% off next time! Yay!!!! Thanks for making us feel special.
4	Visited here a few weeks back for Thursday Ladies Nite. I really enjoyed the Karrage Chicken salad. We ordered a lot of food and didn't realize how quickly things added up. The service was a bit slow; the place was not crowded at all. Be careful of the bill, the promotion was not added to the bill the first time around and there were additional drinks added to our bill due to too many people servicing the table and no communication amongst themselves. Nonetheless, the servers and the management were very cordial and friendly.
5	First time in chandler while passing thru we stopped at Pearl Sushi.. Defiantly high quality fish.. We ordered mostly sashimi and a couple rolls... Thanks to our very sweet and attentive server Jessica she also recommended the Sex on the Peach martini --  amazing!! She also made us her home made 50/50 shot that tasted just like a orange 50/50 bar and went down so smooth (they should add it to the menu)!  Defiantly worth going to again!
3	This place is very purple inside lol. Anyways good place for happy hour to get drinks. My favorite drinks are the little mini bombers! Those were good. Their sushi is not the best but I came here knowing that and I just wanted their bombers mainly so it was ok. Service was surprisingly great and they were friendly and they kept coming by our table asking if we needed anything. I wouldn't mind coming back from time to time for happy hour.
3	The best thing about this place was the sushi (lucky break). The service was really slow. The waiter was nice, but by golly he was slow. There was also some sort of sushi eating competition announced on a loudspeaker and cheered for (mainly by the staff) which did not seem to fit with the low lit intimate ambiance of the place. The small plate of Salmon Tacos were incredible. I've never had raw salmon (salmon poke) in a hard taco shell, but I'm glad I did. It was seasoned well, the salmon was fresh, and it was just delicious.The roll, Skinny Bitch, was also splendid. No rice, but it wasn't missed. It was salmon, tuna, yellow tail, spicy crab and avocado wrapped in cucumber. Fish was fresh, and the combination was lovely.   I would come back again for the food, but hopefully the service would be better.
4	I've been to this sushi spot a few times now to satisfy my sushi cravings... =)This past Saturday I came here with some friends. One of the best things about them I believe is that I think they have happy hour everyday. They have a certain variety of sushi for happy hour as well as their little mini bombers. I always get my philly roll which is actually not too shabby here because they REALLY fill it with salmon and cream cheese for you where I feel like most places gip you on that. As far as their specialty rolls there weren't a lot of items that really caught my eye. We got that Rice Crispy one which is not bad. So we saw this one drink on the menu that we just HAD to try. It's called the balls of fury. If you ever come here you HAVE to get it. It's a ginormous drink! It is equivalent to 4 regular drinks so you have to share it with someone. I'm not sure what's in it but it doesn't taste strong at all so it ends up creeping up on you! lol. All in all, I like this place because it's really close to my house and I like their happy hour menu and drinks. I'd come for happy hour but probably not during regular hours. Or maybe come just for the drinks! =)
5	The sushi rolls are HUGE. Prices are inexpensive. The staff is very nice. And the  inside is nice. A little too dark, but nothing annoying.
1	I was close to canceling my order and leaving... Manager is a jerk. Wouldn't let my colleague smoke on the Patio. Captain Crunch roll tasted like ass... Soy Sauce tastes like kikkoman... Happy hour prices are worse that other places regular prices. We'll never come back.  Ohhh... The servers are cool, just the manager is a Jerk.
5	My wife and I eat sushi on a regular basis and like to try new places to see who's got the best for less. Sushi can be ridiculously expensive at some places, especially for the portions served. Pearl Sushi definitely rates 5 star for freshness, quantity, & value. Both times we've been there have been exceptional with speed of service. We love this place and look forward to going back! Highly recommend the Sunset Strip roll!!!
4	I tried Pearl Sushi for the first time this past Saturday. The first thing I noticed was the service. It was Saturday afternoon, and they were not very crowded however, the hosted greeted us with a warm smile, and seated us on the outside patio. The waiter came right over with waters, and asked for our drink orders(NO Blue Moon.)  I started with the maguro sashimi, six pieces, pretty standard for most sushi restaurant; it was fresh and delicious. We also had their Dragon and Rainbow rolls, both were also very good. Being new to the area, and Pearl being SO conveniently located I will definitely be back.
5	Wow! I've always wanted to try Pearl and I finally got my chance! My boyfriend and I went in on a Saturday night around 8PM and it wasn't super busy. Our waitress was very attentive and received excellent service throughout the night. Food came out quickly and looked delicious. We ordered pot stickers to start ($6) and were good. For the rolls, we ordered a Philly Roll, Vegas Roll, El Diablo Roll and Caterpillar Roll. All of them were delicious! I loved how fresh everything tasted and I loved that the Philly Roll came with avocado inside! My boyfriend could not stop raving about the El Diablo, which came with ceviche on top as well as 2 tacos and a shot of tequila ($1 extra). This one is for the spicy lovers though, which I am not. Most of their specialty rolls are spicy as well. The prices are higher than other sushi restaurants but definitely worth it for the quality! It won't be somewhere I can go often but definitely somewhere I will know to go again!
5	Outstanding service, great ambiance. Sushi is high quality.  We always enjoy the food and service. Tammi the owner is great and really goes out of her way to make sure everything is perfect.
2	I have been to the Pearl in Scottsdale and it is worlds better than this one. I have been to this location several times since it is nearby my house. I have been sat at a booth near a window and watched ants and other small bugs crawling on the inside of the window, right next to me. I've been sat at dirty tables. The service is hit or miss.. sometimes you get an attentive server and sometimes you get a server who takes forever to refill your sake or bring you your check.. which is odd because the place is stupidly small.My boyfriend took me here in April for my birthday. Again, the service was meh.. took awhile to get our check and our beers. The sushi was very good, however a few hours later it didn't seem to agree with me. I have NEVER been sick off of sushi and I have eaten it for years from all different places. Raw tuna is one of my favorite things in the world. I had the worst vomity, poopy experience ever after eating that.. thinking maybe it was something else I ate, it couldn't have been the sushi, the next day my boyfriend informed me of his gastric discomforts too. We were both sick for a full two days. Save your gas money and drive to the Pearl in Scottsdale. Avoid this place unless you enjoy curling around your toilet :)
4	Fantastic DeepV roll and fresh hamachi. Attentive service and cool atmosphere.I would come here again....
5	This is by far the freshest and most amazing sushi I have been able to get in AZ! The service is AMAZING! Not to mention that they don't charge you for cold saki...I mean for real, why should one have to pay to put cold booze in a cold drink?? Thank you Pearl for having common sense and being amazing!
4	I've been here a few times and each time has been better then the first.  I love the poke tacos and just tried the skinny bitch...I'll order again.  Service has always been great.  Super friendly waitstaff.  Nice sushi place close to home.
3	Food wasn't particularly over the top excellent but definitely "good".Service was super chill and the bartenders & servers were exceptional. Keep rockin
5	Great sushi! Great drinks! Swanky cool atmosphere!  Of all the places to go on my birthday... I'm going to The Pearl!
5	Was in last night, sat outside with my boyfriend. Was told someone would be out shortly. 5-10 min later John, the bartender came to the rescue. We weren't upset and we're super understanding, John was super attentive and offered to get us drinks or an appetizer to which we refused. Needless to say, we were treated as Royalty as 3 other people came to ask about our meals and strike up small talk. John did an amazinggggg job! This was also our first time here.. We'll be back!! :)GET THE PEARL NECKLACE & THE FISHWALLA!!!
3	My better half and I went to Pearl for a date night. Salmon sashimi was great. Otherwise everything was about as good as Fry's sushi.Our waitress was bit distracted with talking to her co-workers.The drink were ok but nothing great. Sugary mixes with 9$ price tags.There was a group of women in the private area. They were hitting it hard! Bombers the whole nine. Occasionally yelling, screeching, and laughing. It was a Thursday.It must of been teachers enjoying the last days of summer vacation.
2	Very disappointed in tonight.. Especially when I spend an average 100-150 every time That's all I have to say
5	I love this restaurant!!  The service has always been phenomenal, attentive, etc....and I hear the Scottsdale location will be opening soon. So excited!!!  Our server talked it up and that they have a new talented chef on board. Can't wait for the opening and wish the team here all the success they deserve. By the way, the Pocket Rocket and Napoleon Dynamite are rockin'. (Love the names too).
5	Kicks ass , good service and great sushi!Esp liked the old school rock n roll playin.
5	Frigging loved it! The service was great and the food was amazing! The rice crispy roll-YUM! And the calamari was do delish. I will definitely be back. Great happy hour prices and drink specials.
1	I don't even know where to start with this place. I used to love the Scottsdale location, and when it opened up down in Chandler I was more than excited. The service went way downhill when Steve left. I continued to go as they really do have great food. On average, we would bring in 10-20 people. On a weekly basis most of the time. We'd have going away parties, birthday parties, you name it. When I knew it was getting bad- I went in to pick up lunch for my team at work. They told me I couldn't get a to go order (I'm sorry, what?) per the chef. The server ended up ringing in the order normally so I could get my food. I waited AN HOUR.  If it was even the slightest bit busy, I'd understand. Trust me, it wasn't. I gave them another chance.  After a friend ordered something that was nothing like she thought it would be the server said she couldn't take it off. We asked to talk to the owner, and the server said, "are you sure? She's in a terrible mood". The owner refused to take it off the bill saying "this isn't a tasting menu". That $8 roll was that important compared to our $200 tab.  She then proceeded to tell us to "f*ck off".For some asinine reason, a year later we return to give it another shot. The server was very nice. Towards the end of our stay, we saw the owner loudly talking to another customer, and pointing at us. We became very uncomfortable, so we left. As we were leaving, a host came running out. In a very sarcastic and obnoxious tone said, "HAVE A GREAT NIGHT"How this place is still in business is amazing. This is NOT how you treat paying customers. I know the owner has multiple restaurants around the valley.  SHE alone is destroying such an awesome concept. Don't be in this business if you hate it.
