4	Diggin' this place. Friendly staff, including the owner, Doug, who is always happy to see you. Nice & clean, and one of the best cheesesteaks in the east valley.Great place.
4	I have purchased take out twice over the last two weeks. Great customer service and tasty Spicy Italian sub.
5	Awesome hot pastrami (high quality meat).  They use Boar's Head meat and the bread is really fresh and tastes good too! The people that work there are very polite, courteous, and friendly
5	Great sandwiches. Cannot emphasize the difference quality ingredients make. The service makes the overall quality that much better.
5	Delicious! This is right next to my chiropractors office so I decided to stop in for lunch. I ordered a veggie sub and I was not disappointed! The bread     and veggies were very fresh. The only downfall is that it isnt close to my work in North Mesa, I would love to stop there on my lunch hour!
3	I would actually give this place a 3 1/2.   I would give it higher but I am super tough on sub places and just like my little quirks. It is just an opinion though.I could see why the good people of the valley would give this 4 stars or better as sandwich places are not always that good out here.  This one is good though.The help is very friendly and it is a cool place to get away from work especially.  I am personally though not a huge fan of bread rolls not cut all the way through. Again just personal preference.  Also i don't like the onions cut as thin as they are. Finally I am not a fan of shredded peppercini's.  On subs I like cherry peppers better but rarely do places out here have them.  Jersey Mike's being the exception which I must provide a disclaimer is my favorite sub shop anywhere, ever.  If they get cherry peppers they are going up a star for sure. Good place though. I have not had a bad sub here.
3	I went here yesterday for the first time and I thought it was just alright. I got the turkey and cheese sandwich with lots of veggies, toasted. I thought the turkey was a bit strange.... it might just be my preference in turkey, but this one was flavored (?)... it wasn't just plain roasted turkey, which is what I prefer. everything else was alright, so I will probably go back and get a veggie sandwich next time.
4	If this place was closer, I would have to join a recovery group.  It truly is that good.  I've only been twice and ate the steak and cheese both times.  Be careful that you eat over the table because this baby drips. The place is well set up, very busy at lunch and the service was good...except for the 2nd time.  Everybody was working their butts off except one teenage looking girl.  The only thing she did besides text on her phone was get in the way.  She's gotta be the owners daughter.  This 2nd time my sub took 15 minutes but in the end, totally worth it.  I can see this place expanding to more locations.
5	Awesome sub shop with great food, friendly staff and is very clean! We will definitely go back!
5	Stopped in after chiropractor appt int he same complex.  They lost my order and never made my sandwich, the owner noticed and took great care of me, including giving me an already filled out punch card for next visit.  I got a double meat Pastrami sub for $9, BEST. SUB. EVER!  Shop is very clean and staff friendly.  I'll be back!
5	Very tasty. Found them on Veebow.Buffalo Chicken sub, awesome.
4	Love this place! Locally owned by a nice couple. They have great food with good ingredients. Check it out!
5	A sub place that hosts bike nights, has beer on tap and has cute girls working? Count me in. I have been here twice now for the Team Arizona bike nights, second wednesday of every month, and been impressed both times. While not a huge crowd the place has been busy and they do a good job churning out the food in a timely manner.The first thing you think when you walk in is that it feels like a Quiznoes...well that is because it was one in the past. Next you will be asked what you want and what choices of toppings and dressings you want. I like the spicy Italian combo  with everything hold the mayo. The meats here a good and seem more like at a traditional deli than a subway where it is over processed meats. I am not sure but wouldn't be surprised if it was sliced in house. All the veggies taste fresh and for a pickle lover like me they have very tasty ones.I haven't tried them but I have been told the wings and fries are good here as well. Coming for bike night I usually show up with a group of friends and everybody has been pretty universal in the praise for the food.Also the prices are good including a 8" Italian combo for $2.99 that you really can't beat price wise. If you check in on yelp they have a check in offer as well. My only complaint is this place isn't closer to me and/or in an area I normally travel to but when I am in the area I am stopping in for more and when bike night rolls around doesn't matter if it's 100+ degrees I am heading over.
4	The owner made my spicy Italian sub, delicious! And "he did build his business" too! Without Obamas help
5	Very good Sub shop.  Their bread is always toasty outside, yet soft and delicious inside.  Very good subs with great variety.  The people there are always friendly and like to strike up a conversation.  This is there original location.  They've opened another location in Chandler about a month ago.  I prefer this location because the Chandler location is smaller & does not have a a good view of the one TV.  Food at both location is awesome!  Highly recommended. =)
4	The only reason they didn't get a 5 star rating is my extremely high standards for a good hoagie. Good prices, great ingredients (would be better with cherry peppers) and the service was very friendly. I will go back for sure. The sandwich fulled me up and I liked the selection as well. I will go back for sure.
4	Buffalo Chicken sandwich I am a huge fan of. The service here has always been great even when busy. Only downside is price vs. portion, but I'll be back often!
5	Friendly staff. Great daily deals. I don't know how many times I've been here, but this place is a great place to go for lunch. Back when I worked in Gilbert and I wanted a reasonably priced lunch that was fast and yummy, I would come here. I always got the Italian sub. It is good. Fresh ingredients.
5	Triple Ds.  Rad dudes, dudettes and delivery.Thanks yelpers for introducing me to this Gilbert gem which combines great customer service, ridiculously fast delivery and fresh, quality ingredients.The first time I called for delivery, some infectiously excited dude answered the phone and started recommending all sorts of ill shit -- from the Voodoo Chips to Buffalo Chicken.  Then he apologized that delivery would take 15 minutes... then the delivery girl showed up in under 8 minutes.  This young woman obviously broke some laws and land speed records getting these tasty treats to my doorstep.  And they do this every time!They use fresh ingredients, including Boar's Head meats.  You can toast your sub as well. I've tried everything on the menu now and there isn't anything I disliked.  I would highly recommend the Buffalo Chicken, The Spicy Italian, Potato Salad and the Voodoo Chips.  I don't think they have a kids menu, but they'll make the kiddos a small three cheese grilled cheese as well as some other options.  Oh and their pomegranate vinaigrette is awesome too -- another recommendation from the kick ass dude who usually answers the phone.  Not only is this guy passionate about their food and fast delivery times, but I could tell that he enjoyed what he does.  If this guy doesn't own the restaurant, someone in management had better tap him on the shoulder and position him to train every location this place opens.  Employees like this make all the difference.  I'm a regular and can't get enough of this place!  My only critiques are that they need to stay open much later and could put more veggies and meat on their subs consistently.
5	I have always liked this place. It's clean and the people are nice. I went there today and got the 8 inch Italian sub, a drink and chips, total bill with tax was 4.99. That was the special of the day. All subs are great.
4	Casual atmosphere, good sandwiches and wraps, beers on tap, and low prices.
4	The cookies are great! They will even heat them up for you in their Otis Spunkmeyer oven! :)
4	Great sub sandwiches.  We stopped by here a few days ago in search of a "different sub."  The staff was nice and the person who made our subs (I believe he was the owner of the establishment) was friendly.  You could tell it was important to him to make good quality sandwiches that his patrons enjoy.  I had the special of the day.  A simple, hot-turkey and cheese sub. What arrived on my plate was a very enjoyable sandwich.  He hit the sidewinder out of the park. I chose what I wanted to add to the sandwich and he made it taste awesome, which is what I look for in sandwich shops. Anyone can pile meat, cheese and vegetables onto bread, put a bit of sauce on it, slice it in half and serve it up, but it's the preparation that makes the difference between good food and great food and my sub from Sidewinder didn't disappoint. He knocked it out of the park.  It was prepared and toasted to perfection. My girlfriend had the steak and cheeses sub and really enjoyed her sandwich as well. We will definitely stop by again for another tasty sub.  I really liked the fact that they offer Gold Peak iced tea, too. Perfect combination.  If you're in the area and looking for a good quality-tasty sub sandwich than you owe it to yourself to give this place a try.
5	So good!!! Every bite was heaven!! Cool place, friendly staff. Nice spot! Never would've thought of this but drove by and had vaguely seen it on yelp but man I'm happy I stopped!!! I got Spicy Italian and it was great. I need to go here and try everything! Recommended indeed.
5	I just moved to the area and decided to check this place out because of the great reviews.  It lives up to the hype which is rare.  I tried the Spicy Italian, it was amazing!  I love the fact that the onions are thinly sliced so they add the flavor without overwhelming the sandwich with the oniony taste.  Staff was very nice and my sandwich was made very fast.  The dining area and kitchen are very clean.  They serve beer, have big screen T.V.'s, and deliver!  I can't wait to try more of the menu!
5	I have eaten lunch at sidewinders atleast 2 times a week for over a year now and it STILL never getas old. The spicy italian combo is my favorite and its affordable. The staff is also fun and friendly! I suggest trying this place out, definatly beats all the other sub places in town!
4	Pros:1) Really good sandwiches2) Beer (although I usually go with soda)3) Pretty good chip selection4) 4 big flat screens to watch stuff5) Cute and friendly sandwich makers6) The owner's name is same as mine7) Close to downtown GilbertCons:1) It's 2.5 miles away instead of just 12) No WiFi (cost 1 star)If you have unlimited data on your phone you can add the star back.
5	I am so glad I found this place after moving to Gilbert, AZ from Scottsdale, AZ. I am a Vegetarian and some places I go for a sandwich have VERY few vegetables to choose from and bland cheese selections. Here, I can get what I want, including a variety of fresh cheeses, the standard lettuce/tomato, etc., and even sprouts, spinach, carrots, and peppers, just to name a few. I LOVE this place! Sit down, eat a sub, watch some sports on TV, play some foosball or arcade games, and just relax. YUMMY YUMMY. No place is better!
5	Best subs around, go here you won't be disappointed!!! The turkey and pastrami is the best sub and I get it every time.
5	I must say, this place rocks. Just moved into the area and this is now my favorite sandwich shop.  Fresh ingredients always make for a great sandwich. When it comes to restaurants, I'm huge on cleanliness and this place looks good. Can't forget their prices, those are great as well.
5	Yummy subs!My husband and I got the spicy Italian and the steak and cheese with onion and peppers :) we shared them and they were delicious! Perfect portions of meat and veggies to the bread... And the bread was so tasty too! We scored a groupon too :)
4	First visit there today and was impressed! I think i got a spicy italian sub-  meat was very flavorful. Wheat bread was ok. im looking forward to going back and trying a croissant sandwich. They also have zipps chips which are amazing and most places dont carry. Staff was friendly too..
4	Nice and very clean shop.  Seems owner operated which is always good to see.  Subs have great flavor and getting them toasted is best.  Good bread but not great although I have yet to find great bread in Arizona.  The only down side to this place is that they do not put a lot of meat on their subs in relation to other shops.
4	Everything we had was delicious and fresh.  Our only complaint is we wish the vegetables like pickles and cucumbers were sliced instead of diced.  Otherwise, awesome food.
4	Had this place delivered for lunch, I was thrilled to find a place that delivered something that wasn't pizza!  The food was fresh and hot when it arrived and only took about 20 minutes to show up.  In my opinion of your gonna open a sandwich shop there are a few kinds of sub you better get right, I start with the steak and cheese if it's an option, it was good.  The bread was toasted but still soft and pretty obviously made in house.  The steak was great, I just wish there had been a little more of it, there was a reasonable amount I guess but more would have been my preference.  The sandwich also had cheese which was melted perfectly and onions and green bell peppers.  The peppers and onions were done well, cooked but still keeping a little crunch which I dig.  I had a side of potato salad also which is one of my favorites and here it really turned out to be one of the highlights,  it was awesome!  It was kind of bake potato style, with chives and pieces of bacon, and it was DELICIOUS.  Overall what we have here is a great example of a place that is using good quality ingredients to deliver a good quality product at a good price.  I will for sure be ordering again!
5	These are the best subs in the valley! I love the turkey, roast beef and pastrami. The best item on the menu is actually the buffalo chicken. Give this little shop a try, you wont regret it!
5	Yippee!  Delivery!   Tonight we tried Sidewinder for the first time - food was hot and fresh - to our house in about 20 min.  We sampled the Meatball, Pastrami, Potato Salad & Reeses cookies.  All were pretty delish - and the price was decent - we'll be trying again soon.
5	I began going to Sidewinders awhile back...a couple of years now.   I ended up going to Sidewinders because I drove by it all the time to and from work.  I am very glad that I stopped.  Sidewinders is the best subs.  I have never had a bad experience with them and if you have any questions, concerns or good things to say Doug always follows through with getting you the answers that you need.  They have always served up a great sub and my family has tried so many of them.  Good fresh ingredients, service is awesome....warm inviting atmosphere.  Glad to see Gilbert having such an awesome place to eat.Patricia Newton Medrano of Gilbert
5	Awesome subs...and I'm not much of a sandwich person! I was sitting in the dock getting unloaded at PJ Foods & was starving...well, thanks to my handy dandy Yelp app, I found this place under "restaurants that deliver". I called and placed the order (spicy Italian sub with the works...but NO mayo or mustard). I explained where I was and that I was in a dock around back...the response was "OK No problem!" Roughly 7 minutes later the delivery driver shows up, with a smile and a sandwich. We did the cash/sandwich exchange...plus 25% tip....the food isn't expensive).Ok...first bite...my eyes rolled back in my head as I savored the flavors...REALLY REALLY TASTY!! As requested, there was no mayo or mustard, generous sprinkle of salt & pepper and plenty of pickles. I like it when I get what I order!Nice people, fast delivery, and a great sub!! Now I'm wanting to deliver to PJ Foods again so I can order another sub!!
4	Good food. I love the turkey w/ sprouts!!!
5	fav sandys ever!  great crew and the owner does a great job of remembering his regulars.  Love that!  The bread is perfect, crunchy on the outside and soft inside.
5	This is the best sub shop around, hands down.  I am a vegetarian and struggle to find really good food that I can eat without getting tired of or that is boring.  Rarely, if ever, have I found a place out here with giardiniera and they have it.  Its a nice spicy pepper mix and is perfect on their veggie wrap.  We order from here a minimum of once a week.   I'll admit, I'm pretty picky, but they get it right every single time...love that.Always friendly, always timely and always so delicious.  After writing this, it looks like I know what we're having for dinner now.
5	The subs are great and this shop is owned by Doug- a customer service oriented guy full of energy and positivity; there are not that many people like him around. He's also a metal fan, so you know he is legit!
5	The decor could use some updating, but it's a cozy little place. They have a couple old school video games and some little league sponsor pics on the wall. I do love that they support local causes.The sandwiches are filling. The bread is fresh.  Any sandwich place that has sprouts is a winner in my book! It's nearby and way better than subway. I'll be back.
5	On average we order dinner from sidewinders about 4 times a month. Every sandwich we've tried has been excellent and the cookies are ADDICTING! The delivery drivers are fast and once they even went back for the cookie they forgot! We've tried a few fried items off the menu and they arrived hot and tasty as well! Ordering online makes it super convenient! Our faves:Reese's cookieThe meatball subThe Italian (spicy or combo) The clubThe pastrami
3	First off. The food was good. I had the Italian sausage sub. Tasty, nice sauce, good roll, sausage is sliced in little circles. I went at lunch time. Really busy. The locals call ahead. Good idea or go off peak.
5	Let's just start by saying, Yes it can get busy and it may take longer to get your food.  However you cannot rush perfection.  I'm no doctor and I have no statistical data but in my personal opinion these subs are the cure all to everything.  Depression, sickness, diseases etc!   I have never been let down by a single sub here.  Highly recommend.
5	Amazing bread - shaved meat, large sandwich and Wise Potato Chips!  Top of this list and a new favorite!!!
5	I got the turkey and roast beef.The bread was perfect, the meat was fresh, the veggies were crisp. It had good amount of sauces. I will certainly be back to try something else!They had a great selection of chips and they serve beer!
3	Good food, but they suck at their delivery skills. We order online, and every time we do they call us and have to ask a bunch of questions. Fine, whatever. You'd think then, that our order would be correct when it arrives. Not the case. There's always one thing that's wrong. I'm not sure if we'll give them another chance to redeem themselves, but if they screw up one more time we'll write them off completely.
4	Recommended by a friend because we used to go to a certain sub place until they changed their whole menu. Sidewinders is really really good. I went with the always-can't-go-wrong club sub. Man, I savored every bite! Walking into the place it seemed chill and very laid back. Same goes with the employees there because you just felt really welcomed there.If you are a sub lover, go try it! Also, even got 15% off my bill with a check in, SCCOOORREEEEE
3	I think they must have been having a bad day. We've eaten their sandwiches a few times but probably never again. Stopped by for take out lunch last Wednesday. The owner/manager? seemed a bit stressed and was yelling at the employees for taking an order (ours I think) incorrectly. I ordered the veggie which was supposed to have "all" of their veggies on it but only had the basics (tom, lett., sprouts). I thought the flavor was OK but the kids were not impressed.
5	I've been on the lookout for a solid sandwich place and I finally found it. Before Sidewinders, Blimpie's was about as good as I was going to get. The owner works the line just the same as the other employees which speaks volumes to me about his pride of ownership. Everyone that works there always has a smile waiting for you when you walk in. Oh yeah, and the sandwiches are AMAZEBALLS!
4	Pretty good for the first time! the bread is fresh and the sub is plentiful. quick delivery, and the menu has variety. The ingredients and vegetables are fresh and crispy. I recommend choosing this place for lunch anytime.
4	I LOVE their subs. They are really good...delivery is usually fast. They seem to be out of things a lot though, so thats the only con. Also online ordering is only during certain hour intervals throughout the day. Overall the best sub shop around though.
5	Doug, the owner takes making a Sub to the next level.  Right down to the bread, his Subs are awesome.  No chain shop here, and you can taste the difference.  Great job Doug.
5	Second time around here, new to the area, husband loves this place and couldn't agree more. Ingredients are fresh and sandwiches are delicious. Not to mention their chocolate chip cookies, my kids just devours them. Prices are very reasonable and definitely recommended:)
5	Not only does sidewinders have awesome subs but every time I come in the customer service is awesome. Your not just a number they are very personable and they make sure your order is made to your specifications. I highly recommend this sub shop as the best price, highest quality and the ultimate in customer service. If your eating somewhere else your missing out on the best food and service anywhere in the valley !!! Thanks Doug for instilling an profession customer oriented business model !!!
5	This could be the best sandwich I've ever had. Just moved to the East Valley a few weeks ago and I'm glad it didn't take long for me to find this place! Staff here is very nice, sandwiches are killer, my favorite is the spicy Italian sub, and they serve beer. Their prices are very affordable. I got an 8" sub chips and a drink the other day for $4.95, take a bite out of that subway!!!!
5	I was craving subs today so of course I went onto Yelp to find the closest highest rate sub shop and it led me to Sidewinder! I got the club with everything. It was delish! Better than any other sub shop I have been to. They have a huge variety of subs that all sounded amazing to my starving tummy. Also got a chocolate chip cookie, huge chocolaty goodness and my total was just under $9.00 for the 10' sub and cookie. So that was awesome! I will definitely be back to try some of the other menu items. They also serve beer and have 2 TV's (correct me if I'm wrong) for those sportsfans. Great lunch spot!
5	I had a weird first experience but waited until my second one before I left a review.  My first time ordering the delivery guy was a little creepy... after handing me the food he sort of lingered there staring at me.  I had already tipped him so I had no idea what was going on but it made me pretty uncomfortable.  I actually avoided ordering again for a little while because of that, but the girl who delivered the 2nd time was sweet and efficient and not at all creepy so that makes me feel better about ordering again.Ok, onto the food.  GREAT!  The bread is the perfection combination of soft and chewy, the portions are generous, the proportions are spot on, the ingredients are fresh... I have zero complaints.Specifically, their buffalo chicken sandwich is absolutely unbeatable.  I've tried a few other places and there's just no point in bothering.  This is the place.  You should know that this sub has cilantro in it.  I know some people apparently taste soap when they eat cilantro so figured I'd mention it since it's not on the menu I ordered from.  I love the cilantro though, I love everything about this sandwich. I also highly recommend getting a Peanut Butter Cup cookie.  Peanut butter cookies are not really my thing, but after eating one of these ones I pretty much have no use for any other cookie ever again.It's a little bit cheaper than Jimmy John's delivery and the sandwiches are MUCH better than Planet Sub.As long as you don't get the creeper delivery guy, I'd say it's a good bet you'll have no regrets on ordering!
5	Had a great low carb lunch. Chicken with tomatoes onions provolone and ranch dressing. Really good and good for you.
5	Yelp is wrong...they are open on Sundays.  I had the meatbll sub.  Hot and cheesy with just the right kind if chewy soft bread.  I recommend this place if you're in the mood for a sub like we were.
5	I'm always looking for a delicious, reasonably priced, and GOOD vegetarian sandwich and with Sindwinders I've found it! always fresh ingredients and good size portions! the dude here is always friendly! do yourself a favor and try it out
5	This place rocks! Awesome sandwiches, great service and definitely family-friendly. Highly recommend!
5	Always wonderful. Pickup or delivery is awesome. The food is yummy. Everyone is friendly. The restaurant is clean and pretty. What more could you ask for!
5	I come here about 3x week and you won't find a better sub for the price.  Very fresh and delicious!  My favorites are the kicker (spicy bbq chicken), The Bomb(spicy chipotle), buffalo chicken and the Italian.They serve fast and the place is hopping at lunch.  Highly recommend love the flavors.
