5	Wandered in the other day after leaving Echo Coffee... They haven't officially had their grand opening, but they were indeed open. Still in the process of getting menus printed and figuring it all out, but that doesn't mean they don't have the pizza down. First off - I can't tell you how glad I am that this corner is getting good tenants. I worked across the street a million years ago when it was Scottsdale Video, and I used to frequent TT Roadhouse. The corner always seemed to have so much potential other than a spot to bottom out your car crossing the intersection. I'm just happy to see some nice stuff pop up. Hopefully it'll turn the ill parts of the neighborhood around.Anyway, I only had a slice, but it was flavorful and delicious. I'm looking forward to having another. Pepperoni was spicy and the cheese and sauce were as well. It's a little on the greasy side, but that's what napkins are for. I like the decor and the owner is a nice guy. It's a little small, but it's nice and new and clean - and it's in a new building. The more pizza options in the Valley, the better.
5	it is 4 doors down from echo coffee and offers yummy pizza!i hope they stay in the neighborhood for years to come!
5	Great pizza! Only the finest ingredients, great atmosphere and super nice owner.
4	I got there just a little after they opened and ordered a slice with cheese, mushroom and sausage.  They heat up your toppings, putting on the slice and then throw it in the oven a bit longer.  While waiting the owner played "name this band" with me for a free drink.  Me being a genius at musical trivia knew the answer.  He was very friendly and open to conversation about the place.The slice was very good.  The dough and sauce are made daily.  The sauce had great flavor, but not over powering the rest of the pie.  The crust was nice and chewy, but not too much.  The end of the crust was airy and cooked well, not dry and crunchy.  I will go back and try their white pie and take a sixer (BYOB!!!!).  If that is good, Pizza Re will get 5 stars!!!!!!
5	You MUST try them out!   We ordered just a couple slices of pizza and everyone was happy!   They are open late, so instead of slipping by one of those chain pizza places, try this one out, you will be happy you did!
4	My son and husband had pizza here and they really enjoyed it.  I'm glad to see also that this intersection is getting some good merchants in.  They both really enjoyed the margherita pizza and didn't have room for dessert.  --Update....family friendly place!  Took my son and daughter in and they each had a slice of pizza and I had a simple green salad with balsamic vinegrette --- delicious!   We'll be back !
5	Decided to try the vegetarian pizza for $19.95, but since our parents taught us well to clip coupons we had $5 off (thanks mom and dad). The pizza arrived to our outside patio table, practically busting off the pan. Wicked bigger than a typical large pizza and had at least 6 veggie toppings on it. DELICIOUS!!!! Slices are large, and too big to pick up and eat-this is a utensil pizza. I was actually full after one slice but had two because it was so tasty. Looking at their menu they also appear to have some tasty-sounding salads and desserts. I loooooove me some pizza, and we're always looking for a new tasty place to add to the repertoire.
5	we live about a mile from here, didn't feel like cooking, so rode the bikes to Pizza Re.WOW!!!! what a find! their vegetable pizza was huge and delicious. the price (20bucks) was a steal as we had so much pizza!it was full of the good cheese, not the el cheapo stuff. the vegetable toppings included basil, tomato, red, green peppers, mushrooms and 1-2 more. the crust was crispy, slightly salty and sweet. the interior is rustic yet modern with high ceilings, exposed piping, lots of storefront full length glass windows. very, very cool place. they also offer cannolis and salads and a slew of other pizza options. excellently impressed with Pizza Re. i hope, hope, hope they make it!!!!
5	The pizza here is wonderful!  A great tasting crust hand tossed by the owner.  There is only one size but it's huge!  The salads look good too.  The owner is very friendly and the decor is quite nice.
5	I just went to Pizza Re for the first time, and needless to say, I will be back. You can tell they don't skimp on ingredients, this is pizza at it's finest. This is the type of place you would feel good about bringing a date, or having a guys night. The atmosphere has a cool uptown, modern feel, similar to the likes of the Vig, or Postino's.
5	Great pizza and a really friendly atmosphere.  The owner was on hand and very personable.  They had plenty of options, including splitting the pizza into fourths.  I've been looking for a great pizza place since leaving Seattle and this one may be it!  Will definitely be coming back again!
5	This is a classic case of how Yelp helps small businesses.  I was visiting Scottsdale for a family reunion when my daughter asked for pizza for dinner.  Instead of looking up the usual big chain restaurants, I turned to Yelp and found an amazing deal!!!  Thanks Scottsdale Yelpers!!!Based on the pizza alone, this definitely gets five stars.  It was huge!  The crust was thin, but soft, not crispy.  It had a nice, sweet bready flavor.  The toppings were generous.  We ordered half veggie and half cheese (for the kids).  The cheese was excellent quality and covered the pizza without being overwhelming. I would recommend this as a take out place.  The interior was a little sparse, a small dining area with concrete floors and few tables.   There was a small tv in the corner that was more distracting than helpful!  The football game was on and we couldn't even see who was playing!  The staff was very friendly.  For the size of the pizza, this place has great prices!!!Overall, I highly recommend checking out Pizza Re for QUALITY pizza.
4	Based on the creativity of offering a FIG PINENUT and SPINACH PIZZA and making it with quality cheese I have to give four stars. This is an above average pizza.The crust on my pie was crispy and I could taste salt in the dough but not too much salt. The cheese is good and taste like it has more flavor than just mozzarella but it is very thick. I think a few drops of olive oil might have been applied to the top of pie and I like the way the pine nuts got toasted on my pie. After I applied a light sprinkle of salt black pepper crushed red pepper and a pinch of garlic the pizza had a nice sweet to savory taste going on.The spices that I noticed for you to add to your pizza were salt, pepper, crushed red pepper, grated cheese and garlic.My husband had the sausage pie, he liked that the sauce wasn't sweet but would have preferred the pie seasoned.The owner/pizza-maker seemed very accommodating and I am guessing he'd make your pie to your liking.
5	So great!!! I felt like I was back in NY!!!
2	I met a social group here last night for our monthly meet up. This was My 1st time @ Pizza-Re & was initially thrilled at the small space. Great for conversation.HOWEVER the pizza was mediocre. I love pizza & this was average tasting in My opinion. Fell along the lines of any pizza chain, pizza hut or domino's caliber.I was under the impression this was going to be some good gourmet pizza.The prices were gourmet but the pizza was ehhhh, I can't believe I drove from Phoenix for this pizza.They did have a low card option which was nice, but the only thing that was yummy was the cheese.The pizza with crust seemed large in size and simply average in taste.They do not sell alcohol but you can bring your own beer and wine, however they will charge you to open it!Great environment for socializing, but I certainly was NOT impressed.
5	Right across the street from Streets of New York and so much better! They beat them in every category, service, politeness, food, and quality!Large slices, great salads! Owner or Chef (not sure) was real friendly and comped a few slices my first visit!
2	Some slices seemed okay -- very cheesy, with a doughy, chewy crust.  The whole fig/jalepeno pizza was not good.  Cheese was nasty and hard, the jalapeno was actually jalepeno jam.  The jam, the crust, everything was soaked and super sweet.   Never having that again, and threw out about half the pizza.
5	Very yummy pizza.  I did carry-out.  They have both bacon and garlic on the ingredients list; however, they normally liquify the garlic cloves in a blender first.   I asked them if they could just put whole cloves onto a bacon garlic pizza.   They were very accomodating, and it was wonderful.  The only thing they could have done better was to have partially roasted the cloves first.   The whole cloves were slightly crunchy on the finished pizza.  I'll ask for partially pre-roasted garlic  the next time.
5	Since our first experience we've ordered take out from Pizza Re many times. We always seem to have a $5 off coupon from the local mailer or from Yelp Check-in so you can't go wrong. Their large pizza still dazzles for the value and size you get. We always get a veggie pizza and it seems to be a little different each time-but that's kind of nice. Last night we actually had to wait an hour for pick up, as it was unusually busy. However it that means this place is popular and will stick around, that's ok. I'd like to see them here a long time!
5	This place is right next door to me!  Awesome pizza and great prices!  I love that you can buy by the slice or a whole pizza.  The White pizza and Margarita are my favorites.  I also hear that you can bring in your own bottle of wine.  Great location and great eats!
5	This dude Scott is really on to something great! He has like stoneage pizza over that get so hot the crust comes out crunchity and crixpy like a real NY style pie. He will also blow your mind with the Clam Pizza special. Call ahead...it is super duper!
2	It took three frustrating phone calls and over an hour to receive my pizza. I don't know what is in their water, but whoever I was talking to was not helpful or functional whatsoever. I felt like I was dealing with the 3 Stooges or something. The pizza was ok but not worth the hassle of the stupidity that I had to deal with. I may give it another try by eating in the restaurant but we'll see. The delivery driver had a stupid high smirk on his face. Shouldn't have tipped $3.00 but I did.
4	We enjoyed delivery service from this joint and were NOT dissapointed!  The pizza is HUGE (could have been my ordering mistake) as well as delicious.  We are absolute fans and now consider them our first pick for pizza in the E. Valley.
4	Went there for the first time tonight. The place is nice and clean, and the staff is super friendly. Pizza is delish! Thin crust, tangy-sweet sauce, perfect amount of cheese and toppings. Check their website for coupons before going. Just might be the best pizza in SoSco.
5	I have been to this place twice now and I gotta say that I'm a fan! First of all, I like the customer service. The guys who work here have been very nice, and polite both times I have ordered. I also really like the pizza crust! Most places do a lot of thin crust now a days (which i'm not too much of a fan of) but Pizza Re had the perfect amount of thickness in the crust. I used the Yelp check in and got $5 dollars off! It was a pretty good deal! I was satisfied!
5	Awesome, clean, affordable, friendly and TASTY :) we ordered four custom slices and they made them fresh in a reasonable time!!! Richard and Nick were super nice and made our first experience there perfect! We'll definitely be back!
5	THE BEST PIZZA i've ever had in Arizona! Everything about this place is amazing! We were looking for a place to grab some food before we went out and it's BYOB during certain hours (which my husband and his buddy were ecstatic about)! The restaurant is super clean and has a nice set-up. THe staff were amazing and although we ordered a specialty pizza, one of the guys gave us a sample of the pepperoni which is also AWESOME! All of the guys answered our questions and were very friendly. The prices are great and they have some deals that are available throughout the day. We tried the sweet jalepeno fig pizza and nothing I've ever tasted has even come close! It was the perfect blend of sweet and spicy and the slices were HUGE! I loved the crust too! I definitely recommend this place and we will definitely be back! They deliver and I will never eat at a chain restaurant again! LOVE this place!
4	I have the pleasure of driving by this place almost everyday, but have not tasted their pizza pies until last night. We ordered a special they had, for only $14 we got a 12 inch "The Works" pizza with 6 wings. We choose a hot BBQ sauce for the wings, what a great idea of a combo! They drench it in sauce too, so no dry wings here. We waited a bit for the pizza to be cooked and watched some Olympics on the TV inside. I wish I could attach the smells that came out of that kitchen when he made our pizza so you can download it and smell what I'm talking about! The pizza itself was pretty good. They had big thick slices of tomato on it so if you're not into that, make sure to let them know. The rest of the toppings tasted great and fresh. The dough and sauce seemed to be lacking something that would make this a 5 star pizza place so a 3.5 to 4 stars here for the pizza and a solid 4 stars for the whole place. As for my parting notes, it's close to Old Town and it's also BYOB so there are a lot of things going for it for you to try them out. Protip: If eating in, bring some beers!
5	Most importantly, the food is fantastic. I ordered a pizza with artichoke and sausage: generous amount of ingredients, excellent sauce and crust, perfectly proportioned ingredients. In addition, the staff is very frendly and engaging, and the space is really cool. I highly recommend, and will definitely be returning!
1	Pro: clean, nice views, coupon, adequate pizzaCon: painfully slow, aloof attitudeCon far outweighed pro for us. I don't get the high ratings.  Our experience was very sub-standard. We won't be back.
4	The pizza is delicious and dont forget to bring your own beer!
4	I ordered for take-out and had a pleasant experience. I originally wanted delivery, but they quoted almost 2 hours and only 20 mins. for pick-up. The pizza was pretty good. A nice New York style thin crust pizza with good flavorings. I found it odd that they only offer a 12-inch and an 18-inch. I opted for the 18-inch and enjoyed it very much. The wings are baked and were cooked to my liking (not fatty). I would recommend Pizza Re if you're in Old Town Scottsdale and looking for a change.
3	I liked the pizza alot but the people I spoke to were really rude. They seemed annoyed I called and that tends to put a bad taste in my mouth. Maybe I'll come back.
5	I love love love this place! I order from here probably at least twice a week. Best pizza ive had hands down in Arizona (and AZ does not have good pizza)...they recently got garlic knots, which are delicious and cooked to perfection. I would recommend this place to anyone who doesnt wanna settle for Dominos.
3	Initial impression: 10 stars!!! See edits, below: Just learned about this place a month ago though I guess they've been here for a few months. It's been a busy month for me so I've ordered out a bunch, and by far this is the BEST of the pizza delivery joints in South Scottsdale! Maybe all of Scottsdale, not sure who delivers farther north...Previously our default was Little Chicago Pizza, which has great thin crust pizza. Problem is the ingredients didn't always seem that fresh and my stomach got upset a couple times.Not the case with Pizza Re! They've been voted (by whom? not sure...) best pizza in Scottsdale, and it's no surprise. Fresh ingredients, excellent flavor sauce, it's obvious that they don't cut corners. Coolest thing was the mushrooms on the pizza I ordered seemed to be marinated in something. Tasted fantastic. Be sure to order early, though. When they're busy it can take up to 45 minutes or an hour to get your pizza delivered. On the plus side, they're always up front with you about the time estimate--I've always gotten my pizza well within the time they quoted me over the phone.**********EDIT: Last pizza I ordered came 45 minutes AFTER they told me it would arrive in an hour because they were busy, and it was lukewarm. The guy apologized a bunch, but I was hungry and annoyed that I'd just written that great review. Will assume that was an isolated incident and leave the 5-star review, because it's not going to stop me from ordering from them again. But I will come back and change my rating if it happens again.**********EDIT 2: Couldn't deliver again within two hours of my phone call. Called and asked if I should come get it (I live 3-4 blocks away). They said yes, but when I arrived, the pizza still wasn't ready. Pizza was fantastic but I removed another star because I had to go pick it up. Why is this place so hit or miss?
5	Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle style...AWESOME!  Just went here for the first time to study and munch and this place is absolutely rad-tastic.  I threw down for a 2 topping pizza and it was college poor kid priced with 5 star taste.  Richly was super chill and helpful in the selection process as well as accommodating for whether we need the rest of our pizza boxed.  It's a neighborhood pizza joint but for a first timer I thought I was a return customer and constant patron with how Rich took care of us.  Great selection of pizza pies and toppings are right priced. Def no more Frozen pizzas or delivery for this dude because I will go out of my way to grab a stellar pie from Pizza Re.  Thanks you for a grrreat experience and y'all def have a customer for life.
5	The pizza here is amazing!  Whatever you do, make sure ricotta cheese is one the ingredients on your pizza!  Super friendly staff and they also have deals on a slices :)
2	Yikes. We had wanted to try Pizza Re for awhile now and based on the great Yelp reviews, I was expecting awesomeness. Unfortunately, this was not the case.  R and I decided to stay in tonight to watch some football and wanted to order pizza. We saw that Pizza Re delivered we figured we could finally try it.  We probably should have taken it as a sign when they told us they didn't deliver (What?! Your website clearly said you did!), however REALLY wanted to give the place a try and were willing to drive the short drive to pick up dinner.  After we placed our order they told us it would be 45 minutes until the order would be ready (fine... maybe they were busy).  When we went to pick the pizzas up, there were a total of 4 people in the place...weird, not busy at all.  When they gave us one 12-inch pizza, R mentioned that we ordered two...They clearly didn't read the ticket and from the blank stare that they gave us, they clearly did not care.  So my carnivore boyfriend had to share my 12 inch veggie pizza.... he was not too pleased.  To top it off, the pizza really wasn't good.  A little too salty and the crust was really soggy. Sorry, Pizza Re. Maybe you were having an off night?  We really wanted to like you but probably won't be coming back.
4	This place has good pizza, very nice comfortable atmosphere and great customer service. I went to lunch with some co-workers and had a large pepperoni and hot wings. The wings weren't anything to write home about, but what can you do? The pie had good ingredients and tasted great. I will be back.
1	I called this place as my stomach was a-rumblin' and the gentleman who answered the phone informed me, "Yeah, we can't deliver today...."  I asked, "Why not?" and he said, "We just can't."  No sort of explanation that they were understaffed or any such thing.  They just can't.  Fuck you.
5	The place is a little hard to find as there really isn't any eye-catching signage to tell you of the place, tucked in a little strip plaza with a coffee house on the other end that seems to be the only draw into the plaza.  The search is well worth it for the foodie adventurer, trust me.  They have your regular type pizzas but they also have a line of very unique specialty pizzas that keep me coming back. The white clam pizza is defintely a one-of-a-kind experience, though not for everyone.  The one pizza everyone should try once, just to get addicted to, is the sweet jalapeno fig pizza.  With jalapeno jam as the sauce, figs, caramelized onions, spinach, feta and pine nuts, it is both sweet and savory, hitting all the good points in my mouth. The service is top notch as well, I haven't had better and more friendly service than here. I would recommend calling ahead if you plan on ordering take out, the time it takes to craft such delicious pies is lengthy but well worth the wait.
3	Great Pizza! Horrible Service!!!!
5	This pizza is the ish! Just moved a few miles away and got a large 18" The Works for $20! Best pizza in town... cool staff too!Thanks guys, I'll be back!-Ryan
5	We had a medium works 12".  It was great pizza, friendly, fun staff and the price was under 10 bucks!
4	Pizza Re is solid choice for a slice or whole pie. There are several other places around Old Town Scottsdale where you can also buy a single slice for lunch or dinner, but the reason I go to Pizza Re is because the staff is always friendly, the tables and chairs appear to be cleaned often and well maintained, the pizza always tastes good, and their prices are fair for what you're getting.
3	I like the pizza. I like going to a place and ordering a good slice. I really want this business to succeed. It's really the only place around that offers slices to order. However, the service is a bit slow and they don't always have fresh slices available. Actually they usually just throw on some toppings on a cheese pizza, but at least I know the toppings are fresh. Lol. It's also usually completely empty which is weird since it's in the same building as the very popular Echo Coffee. Also I do agree with some of the other reviewers who got a rude answer when asking for a delivery. Same thing happened to me! I'd still recommend, but they just need to work on getting more business and I'm sure they'd keep more fresh slices out.
1	Just moved here and got their flyer in the mail.. Called for delivery and staff was really curt and rude.. said they didn't even have the ingredients for one of their specialty pizzas, and then hung up on me.. We order pizza all the time and are trying to find a great pizza and will NOT be giving tis place another chance
3	We called for delivery and were told that they couldn't deliver because the delivery guys truck was broke down. We really wanted to try this place out so we went ahead and drove over to pick up. We were told the pizza would be ready in about 25 mins. We got there 30 mins after calling. When we tried to pay the CC machine wasnt working and we had to pay cash. Again, not a huge deal- just another inconvenience. We then waited at least another 15 mins for our pizza to be ready. With all that said, the pizza was AMAZINGLY good. Wings were mediocre- could have been crispier- but the pizza---- seriously awesome.  We got the meatlovers and a pepperoni/sausage/mushroom...both larges. They were huge and fed our family of 6 with pizza left over. The entire family loved the pizza. Please fix your customer service issues. We will give you a pass on them and try again simply because the food was so great. But if the customer service stuff doesnt get better we wont keep coming back.
2	So I call in an order and am quoted 20 minutes.  I leave house 15 minutes later and show up about 2 minutes before the quoted time.  I am greeted with a "you're here early, we haven't made it yet". I wait 25 more minutes as they casually make the pizza.Would be a one star if they didn't have a decent check in special.  Oh and the pizza? In the immortal words of the Yelp rating system, "Meh. I've experienced better."
5	It's funny how things work out sometimes.I was recently on a motorcycle ride, and I was looking for something to eat. Being on my bike, I couldn't readily check Yelp, so I had to do it the old fashioned way: let's ride around!Driving down Thomas, there are quite a few places to stop off and eat. Though, nothing really looked that appealing to me. Then I saw the word "pizza" in my peripheral vision. But I was too late. The first pizza place had come and gone, and there was no way for me to turn around. But now I REALLY wanted pizza. As it so happens, there was another pizza place just down the road!If you aren't looking for it, and you don't get stopped by any traffic lights, you'd probably look right past this place. It's located on the North side of Thomas in what appears to be a brand new building. In fact, there are only two businesses so far in this structure. But, that's a good thing. Everything is fresh and clean.I got there around 2:00, so there were only a few other patrons dining when I arrived. I was immediately greeted by the woman working behind the counter. I, having never been here before, must have looked lost. The woman was very pleasant in informing me of the different things they had to offer. After her thorough explanations, I decided to go for their awesome lunch combo option: Two slices (OR any two items listed in this section) and a drink for $7.99 (before tax). While deciding on which slice I should choose, I was a little nervous. There was a single pan on the counter with five separate slices from which to choose. I was afraid that she was going to give me one of those, and that the pizza would be cold and disgusting (as I've fallen victim to at places in the past...see "Barro's Pizza").Thankfully, these slices are just a display of what slices they have available. I opted for a white pizza with ricotta cheese. She grabbed a slice and ran it through the oven for me, making sure that it came out hot and crispy! For my side, I opted for the garlic knots. They were delicious! They come 4 to a serving, and they come with a side of marinara sauce. They're quite large, and they turned out to be a perfect compliment to my pizza.As I was finishing up my meal, the woman from behind the counter was making her way around the dining area cleaning things up as she went. She stopped by my table, and asked me by name how my meal was. I know she got the name from the credit card and all, but the fact that she cared enough to remember it was pretty cool, in my opinion.
2	Usually this pizza is really good but lately, it's kinda sucked. The pizza seems to get smaller everytime I order it. Also, they started to put rosemary on their garlic knots..ew, I mean, I will give them the benefit of the doubt and maybe order again but if not, I will have to find a new spot pizza re..
3	I am going to give Pizza Re three stars simply because the pizza was delicious.  A few recommendations to the owner: If you're going advertise yourself as a BYOB, have some glassware.  Even cheap wine glasses from a restaurant supply store would be fine.Also, we tried to order a pizza on the menu that had chicken, sun dried tomatoes, and feta cheese.  The order taker told us that they don't carry sun dried tomatoes and they stopped putting feta on that pizza because people didn't like it.  Two things, the menus are written with chalk on chalkboards!  Change the menu!  Next, don't sun dried tomatoes come in a can?  Buy smaller cans and have them!  You're not likely to lose a lot of inventory on those.  Also, when we were there, there was HGTV blasting on the television.  I am a sports fan, I would have loved to see some of the NCAA March madness playing, but if it must be HGTV, at least have the sound low or off...Needless to say, we decided to take our wine home with us along with the pizza and garlic knots.  We enjoyed it very much, but I would have had a terrible time if we had decided to dine in your establishment like we had originally planned.
3	I hate to say this as I live only a couple of blocks away and the owner is a cool guy but the service is severly lacking. The gentelman running the register could not make change whith out help and my to go slice was just layed on a paper plate. Looking past this I like the pizza and NY style is not my fave I will usually go to Oreganos bt when I am in the mood for skinny pizza this is where I go.
5	with some friends coming over, pizza re and their gigantic size large pizza's were another great hit. we always get the standard veggie which is never disappointing. our friend suggested the fig and spicy balsamic pizza. i was skeptical. but it worked and worked so well, we had none left over. it's kinda sweet, but has a damn hard hot kick after a few bites...nothing a cold beer won't cure until your next bite!i am so glad this place is still here. they have some of the best pizza in the valley!
4	Probably the best pizza I've ever had delivered! Oval shaped wonderful crust! Margherita w/ added pepperoni & mushroom was so good!!!!!!!! Will actually visit resto one day
3	Ordered for a delivery, veggie with jalapenos opposed to green pepper with no additional charge, which is nice compared to Little Chicago who charges for the switch.  They said 45 minutes for delivery and it took an hour and 25 minutes!!!When the pizza arrived it was HUGE!  Great deal for the price!  I am a fan of thin crust so the crust was a little thick for me, but it was good.  If you like crust you will love this pizza.  If you like sauce, be sure to order x-sauce as it is a little light.Delivery guy was really nice and he gave us plenty of parm, which is a bonus!!!  Over all a good experience and unlike my  fav pizza joint, the pizza may have been late, but at least it arrived!
4	I grab a slice here whenever I'm up for a basic east-coast style pizza. It's a small place-- it's good for take out or for a quick dinner.
1	Bummer! Thats all I got to say, I keep trying to like this place but its just mediocre at best. I keep trying the pizzas and the crust is so so and just bland in general. The salads also need a a lot of work just paying money for opening a bag of lettuce and store dressing wow!Not sure if im really bummed out because I was starving and again got let down by this place. I mean how do you mess up a salad (wilted lettuce)
4	With a full parking lot at the Streets of New York next door, we opted for Pizza Re instead.  You order at the counter, and they bring the food to your table.  I wished there were actual plates and decent napkins, so for me, it's more of a lunch or quick meal situation.I had planned to just get a slice.  But even though the menu lists all the toppings for slices, you're apparently limited to what they've made.  We went with a Hawaiian plus jalapeno.  It was a little slow coming, but other than the somewhat soggy middle, it was still a good pie with just the right thickness in the crust to be toasty on the outside, but still a little doughy inside.   I'm also a big fan of the half dozen wings.  I wish more places offered that.  Give me 6, I can eat 3 and be satisfied.  Give me 12, I eat 6 and then have eater's remorse.  So this is almost like a diet meal the way I see it.  And I had fruit on my pizza.
3	Ehh....just so so
4	Where to start. I was feeling hungry at 8:45 pm. I remember that Zawack-attack mentioned that she loved this place, so I thought, "What the hell? Lets try 'em out."First of all, they have a check in offer for $5 off any pizza... Don't threaten me with a good deal. I'm a man who likes my value. I got a 4 topping 12 inch. Mushrooms and peppers on the whole thing. Chicken and meatball on the left side. Pepperoni and Sausage on the right side. I was blown away be the flavor.The only way I can think to describe the mushrooms is, "Zesty," and they definitely get bonus points for using two types of bell peppers on the pizza (green and orange). The meatball topping was flavorful, and its hard to go wrong with sausage. The pepperonis were enormous, and I guess that's a good thing I guess?? I don't know. The chicken comes in cubed form, which looks weird, but was pretty good nonetheless. All I know is that when I was shoveling this delicious pizza into my mouth, and it traveled across my Cretan palate, I had a big smile on my face. Definitely worth a visit. With the $5 off check-in offer my pizza was a shave under $7, and it lasted me two meals.
2	I've been here a few times, pizza is good, customer service is notoriously rocky at best. Tonight took the cake. I ordered a pizza - half pepperoni because thats the ONLY thing I like on my pizza, and my husband got sausage and olives on his half. They quoted me 30 minutes. 25 minutes later I walked in to get my pizza and the guy tells me he made a mistake and put the pizza in crooked (how does that happen?!) and all of the black olives are on the pepperoni side. Now, I used to wait tables and I know mistakes happen and I'm not one to get upset. BUT this guy tells me he can either give me $2 off, or I can wait another 30 minutes for another pizza. EXCUSE ME? I ordered a pizza and waited 30 minutes for it. You messed it up. And you offer me TWO DOLLARS off of a pizza I no longer want? Pizza Re, let me give you a free lesson in customer service. FREE, as in what the pizza should have been. A better choice might have been "I am so sorry we messed up your pizza. Can I either give it to you at no charge, or give you something to snack on while we quickly make you the one you ordered?" We live right near this place and enjoy the pizza. But the repeatedly bad customer service experiences have now outweighed the pizza, and we will not be back. Do yourself a favor Yelp users and go somewhere else for pizza, there are too many other good pizza places in town.
2	It was okay, but not anything I'd get to excited about to order again.
4	Always friendly, and the crust is so fresh.
5	We have kids.  Kids + pizza = quiet dinner for mom and dad.  We eat pizza more than I'd care to admit and It's usually Papa John's because it's conveniently located near our oldest son's Tae Kwon Do.  I used to like Papa John's but now find I need 4 gallons of water for every slice I eat due to the sodium content.  This will (should) make sense in a moment....We were vacationing in Scottsdale and I searched Yelp for a pizza place and came across Re.  It was amazing.  We had it 3 times while in town for a week (see, I told you we eat pizza a lot).  This time thought, it was 50% due to the fact that my kids will easily eat pizza and 50% due to the fact that we found it to be so delicious.  Pizza was piping hot, ingredients plenty and service was fantastic.  I highly recommend.The one thing that may turn you off is this place never seemed to be overly busy.  Don't let that turn you away!  I was waiting for my third order when a couple came in with their two kids, looked around a bit, and walked out.  Not sure why, but I almost (almost...) ran out after them to tell them to give it a try.  That's how good this place is.Two more things:- check in with yelp, save $5 off a pizza (how do they make money?!?)- BYOB (the last B being BEER!) evenings during the week.  We didn't do that and I'm still trying to figure out why....Give this place a try.  You'll be glad you did.
5	Best Pizza in the city!
5	this place just goes to show that bigger and fancier isn't always better. real ny pizza here! forget about those chains and multi-unit pizza places claiming to have the best ny pizza, it ain't gonna happen. pizza re's make it better than them all. the products they use blow everyone out of the water. just go there now and see for yourself.
4	SUPER LONG DELIVERY TIME BUT everything was really yummy.  The salads were small, but fresh.  The pizza was the huge, floppy slice kind, but super delicious.  We recommend picking up the pizza instead of delivery, cause an hour and a half is a LONG time to wait for this deliciousness. The guy on the phone, taking our order, was super nice and helpful too.  We look forward to dining in next time.  LOOK OUT STREETS OF NY- maybe time to relocate to a different neighborhood!
1	I really don't understand the rating for this place.  I think the owner somehow gets bad reviews pulled and pays off local kids to write good ones.  My boyfriend and I LOVE pizza.  We eat it for breakfast, lunch, and still can go for some for dinner.  This is the first and only time we've actually thrown out over half a left over pizza because its edible when its fresh and just gets worse from there.  I'm sorry to say this because I always root for the underdog, but this is not a winner.
4	Spicy, sweet, tangy, savory, crunchy, chewy oh my god doesn't exist but try this pizza and you shall believe. Pizza Re, you make one of the best things I have ever eaten (if we can legally call the incident, "eating.")Seriously, this is all on one pizza: fig & jalapeno jam, toasted pine nuts, caramelized onions, spinach, balsamic. Next time (and then will be a next time, damn it) I'd ask for the crust a little crispier and the cheese a little lighter. Since this ain't no pepperoni pizza, the chewy dough and oily cheese added a bit of unnecessary heaviness, but they just NAIL'D IT in the flavor department. Best combination of toppings ever.There isn't much of an ambiance, and the staff a was a little misfit for the concept. Young, rowdy dudes who really look like they want to be outside skateboarding make for interactions like this: "Excuse me, is the tiramisu made in-house?" "Yeah we got it." But that's not really the important part, because you should probably get your pizza to go if you're going to consume it the way I did.Veni, Vidi, I blacked out and destroyed an entire pizza by myself.
1	This post is for anybody who likes pizza but doesn't like be treated like crap. My wife and I ordered Pizza Re pizza a couple of weeks ago and called at 8:50 pm. We asked how late they were open and if they had any specials. They gave us the info we needed and then we told them we'd call back. When we called back at 9:05 pm we were informed that they only take deliveries until 9 pm and that they were not going to deliver to us. We explained that we just called and even told them we'd be calling back. Any person with common sense would say "Just to let you know we don't take delivery orders after 9 pm" but they didn't. They reluctantly took our order and delivered the pizza. When we got it home it was great and the sauce is awesome. Now to get to the good part of the review. We just tried to call tonight at 8:58 pm because we knew that they stopped taking deliveries at 9 pm. When we called we were put on hold and then at 9:02 when the person came back on the line we were told that they stop delivering pizzas at 9 pm. I explained that we did call at 9 pm and he said sorry. I told him that we want to give Pizza Re our business and we know how hard it is for a small business to survive, because I run one, and that we made it in under the wire. Again, he stated he didn't care. So I said that I was going to give my business to Little Chicago another local company. I used to deliver pizzas in college and it boggles me that a company stops taking calls at 9 pm when they close at 10 pm. Is Pizza Re too good to take my money? Are they doing so well that they cannot take orders after 9 pm? If this was a real concern then they should advertise on their website that they stop taking orders at 9 pm, but they don't. These questions might go unanswered but one thing I am sure of, I will NEVER call them again. A consumer should not be made to feel bad that we're bothering a business by patronizing them. In this economny local small businesses should be welcoming customers, not driving them away with poor customer service, bad soft skills and workers that don't really care about the customer. I'm sure if the owner answered the phone they would have taken the order. But because the workers at this business care more about closing then making money, I'm sure they'll be closing their doors soon. Just another local business with a great business plan and poor execution. I hope the owner reads this and takes a hard look at the people they have answering the phones. They are the Pizza Re's 1st impression and they are doing a very poor job.
2	Pizza Re uses what they call high quality ingredients, which is probably the reason for the outrageous prices on the pies. We got a large, non-specialty pie delivered for just under thirty bucks.  Unfortunately, this pizza rivals Pizza Hut, Dominoe's, and Little Caesar's. Not to mention the pie resembled one from these places as well. Maybe the inside of the building is really nice. The charm of the food itself was not to be found for this discerning pizza eater.
2	Ok, we order from Pizza Re REGULARLY. I would normally rate it 5+ stars. Tonight was terrible. Walked in to our pizzas "just coming out of the oven" went home to pizzas that were room temperature. We were also missing about half of our ingredients from the BBQ pizza.. what happened guys?? Like I said, normally i would tell you to run here for fresh, great pizza. Maybe tonight was just an off night? Here's hoping....
4	This place smells incredible and the pizza does not disappoint! The margherita pizza is delicious!! The 18" is quite large - it fed four hungry adults - and such a great deal (Yelp has a $5 off coupon at the moment). The service is friendly and they deliver. Looking forward to having it at home soon.
1	Okay...I would LOVE to be able to rate the pizza here.  The problem is, we never got the chance.  I had read that Pizza Re was a BYOB.  So, my family and I brought a rather expensive bottle of wine with us when we decided to try Pizza Re.  The man working (who I assume is the owner) asked if we brought our own corkscrew.  We said "no".  Who walks around with a corkscrew?  So he said he could use his.  We handed him the bottle and a few minutes later he brought the bottle out, still corked and a corkscrew sticking out of the top.  His corkscrew broke off with the screw part in our cork but no way to open it.  He said he didn't have another corkscrew but there was a wine shop "right next door".  He said we could see if they could help.  So my Fiance looked around and couldn't find a wine shop.  My fiance came back into the restaurant and inquired again where the wine shop was.  The owner said it was across the street.  So my Fiancee (in 105 degree heat) took the bottle across the street where there was not a wine shop but a hispanic food market with a few bottles of wine, but no corkscrew.  When my Fiancee came back (a little ticked off) the guy kicked us out of the restaurant.  So...He ruined our wine, couldn't fix it, when we tried to fix it but failed based on his direction, he kicked us out.  What an odd way to run a business.  Especially a pizza shop where there are about 20 pizza joints within a five mile radius of Pizza Re.  The moral of the story, if you can put of with the New Jersey attitude of the owner and want to bring a bottle of wine, bring your own wine opener!
3	We were craving pizza tonight and remembered Pizza ReWhy not give it a tryWe went in around 630 and it was pretty emptyJust two guys behind the counterI ended up getting one of the pizza/salad combos with a drinkIt took a while for our salad to come to us, and we were hungryBut I thought it was actually pretty goodI also got 2 slices of pepperoni pizza which we also had to wait for I didn't mind because I was occupied by the TVAfter about 20 mins our pizza slices arrived and they were hugeI have to say they were very good but could use just a little bit more sauceThat was really my own personal complaintBut I enjoyed itThe service was OK, not good and not badWe just didn't know what to expect on our first visit
5	I work down the street from Pizza Re and we've been getting their wonderful giant pizzas delivered for lunch for some time, to the delight of me & my coworkers. The pizza is awesome! It has a great thin crust with a moist, springy, & chewy end, and very fresh & light & flavorful tomato sauce, and wonderful amounts of cheese. Pizza Re puts the perfect amount of oregano on their pizzas to give every bite a fresh & flavorful kick. I think the crust and sauce, which are my definition of great pizza, really set Pizza Re apart from other places. They have a lot of different specialty pies, from margerita to fig/jalapeno. They sell an 18" pizza which is perfect for feeding a large group, and it's fun to eat giant slices. Because of the awesome delivery, I came in with my husband for dinner after work and really like their restaurant location as well. The inside is industrial (brick walls, exposed pipes) with big windows to let in the sun. There's one table outside, in the shade in the evening. The people working there are really nice, upbeat, and helpful. In addition to pizza, I also got the "big salad" made vegetarian by subbing in avocado and artichoke for the chicken and bacon, and it was awesome. Super fresh and so many plentiful toppings! It was more toppings than salad, and it was very yummy.All in all, a great place to get delivery from or stop in for a quick lunch or dinner.
2	March 2014, I visited their website, where there's a coupon for -$5 off for new customers and the 12" pizzas are $11.99.  When I order the lady tells me that coupon "is old and no longer available".  Then I find out the 12" pizzas are $13.99.  Seems like false advertising.  Lady says "that's not really our website anymore..."  What does that mean?!  Pizza fine.
4	It's located inside the same plaza as Echo Coffee and Giant bike shop. I had the "choose any two + drink" set for $8.99, choosing a slice of pizza with three toppings and spaghetti. The pizza was definitely the best part-- the individual slice was prepared and baked individually! So it was like eating a triangle-shaped mini pie of pizza.Staff is also very friendly and the atmosphere is quiet. Next time, I'd go for the $4.99 slice + drink deal though.
4	We ordered take out and were so surprised at how big the pizzas were.  The pizza was very good.  We had the Pesto Chicken and Everything pizza.  I think they could use a bit more spice but the crust was wonderful.  The Garlic Knots are really good.
5	Love their pizza bowls (pizza without the crust)!
1	Terrible customer service. Place is run by a bunch of pot heads who can barely remember the last four words you said let alone your order. Had bad service once before after ordering a pizza only to find out upon picking it up that they were out of one of the ingredients and hadn't even made anything yet. Will not return here again... Sad.
3	I've had better pizza, but the fact that I can walk here and not have to wait 45+ min for delivery in Old Town makes it worth it.
5	good pizza great service i had the pasta and a pizza with meat ball they were both great
1	I would rate the food but it never came. I contacted them again after an hour and half of waiting and they told me they are 10 minutes away. Another 20 minutes has gone by and no pizza so I contacted them once more and now they tell me they forgot to tell the kitchen about my order. Good gosh, how incompetent are they, oh and terrible liars when they told me they are 10 minutes away they should have realized my order is not cooking.
2	My company ordered this place for lunch the other day to cater about 100 employees. The pizza delivery man was late, the pizza was cold, and my employees weren't too happy. It isn't that good of pizza. I had one slice and I'll never have it again.
4	Enormous slice with super tasty crust. Very friendly staff . Garlic knots are great too. We'll definitely be back.
5	Groupon find. Had their specialty pizza - fig and jalapeno, add chicken.  Delicious pizza, got the large, and it lasted 2 people for 3 meals.  Friendly staff and fresh ingredients!
1	Just sadOrdered online paid on line when I arrived at the pick up time they told me that their fax machine ran out of paper and they did not get my orderI am now sitting in the dining room writing this review on my phone No attempt to make this right I hope the pizza is good
5	I ate here for the first time, and ordered the signature pizza (forget what it was called).  It was hot, fresh, delicious, and best of all - different.  I will absolutely be going here in the future when I want some fantastic locally-owned pizza faire.Avoid the streets of new york across the street and come here.  You won't be disappointed.
2	Pizza is good by local standards, have eaten in several times and been pleased.  But on a recent Tuesday night I attempted to order a pie for pick-up and for twenty minutes got...voicemail!  Not voicemail offering a call back, or the ability to leave an order, just voicemail.  Seriously, I have never, ever, encountered that in a Pizza place anywhere.  This experience was repeated a few nights later.If you are looking to dine in, or drive over and order your pizza and wait until it is ready to take home, go for it.  Forget delivery, for obvious reason, during dinner hours. Poor management is to blame, lingering under the false idea that it is better to save a few dollars on having short staff while turning away customers.  I won't try again.  Voicemail? Epic Fail.  Knocked two stars off.
2	Fast delivery .... Great .... Bland pizza dough if not for cheese and sauce i may not have eaten more than one slice of pizza
3	Their pizza is okay, but a bit bland.
