2	Mamason was visiting and loves bingo, so we end up going since I hadn't been either.  Before we get through the door, I'm stopped for ID.  I think I look like an old bag but still got branded with the gigantic "Over 21" stamp--WTH!It was smokey as hell and I found it amusing that while smoking was permitted indoors, there was a designated 'non-smoking' section in the bingo hall.  I don't play bingo & don't get excited about slots or card games.  It pisses me off to lose money.  So, I decide to ditch Mamason for a bit and grabbed a mlite, just as 2 people set up on a mini stage near 1 of the bars.There was a tiny dance floor surrounded by seating.  People mostly listened to the duo trade off btwn vocals & the keyboard, singing contemporary, old school hip hop, and some 70s funk.  The crowd was disproportionately geriatric and there was one old lady who got up to dance to a Justin Timberlake song with some young stud, while everyone else pretty much gawked.  Emergency Medical Staff were on standby near the dance floor in case of cardiac arrest or hip injuries.  I'm being totally serious.The only good thing about this place is that fountain drinks are free in the bingo hall (so bring your empty 2-liter bottles to fill up) & beer is $3.  Would I bring my mom back?  You bet.  She loved it & that's all that mattered.
4	This brand-new casino opened last night and I must say, it's pretty cool. There is a huge parking structure as well as paved parking lots and plenty of good lighting for safety outside. There is a large circular bar in the center of the gaming floor, which holds a ton of slot machines and plenty of table games including blackjack and pai gow. There is a poker room and a miniscule "non-smoking" room with slots which needs some A/C, seriously. There is a hotel attached and a Shula's Steakhouse and I saw a Fatburger (hello!) and even a Boar's Head deli (yum!) No buffet and a nightclub of sorts will be opening sometime next month. The only weird thing was that we were charged $5.50 for a Bud Light at the bar but at the tables it cost $5.00. It's supposed to be a "Vegas-style resort" but the only thing that makes it so is the fact that a hotel is attached. The inside decor is similar to Casino Arizona and the slots are seriously jammed in there - in Vegas, the casinos definetly give you more breathing room. Even the small ones.
2	The Good:The casino is visually impressive, no doubt.  The circular layout reminds me of the Hard Rock in Las Vegas, only bigger.  Nice selection of good places to eat, as mentioned in Luckie's review.  Lot's of TV's, although the only channels being shown were ESPN (is there a reason they don't have the sports packages like a sports bar would have, such as NBA and NHL??).  There is a newer electronic roulette table that the old casino did not have, although it only seated 10 people or so.  We were there tonight (a Tuesday) and there were plenty of open slot and video poker machines to play at.  The Bad:We are low stakes players.  I enjoy $5 blackjack and the wife enjoys $5 three-card poker.  NO $5 minimum tables on a WEEK-night.  Everything $10 minimum.   The majority of tables were half full or empty.  I'm no math major, but it seems a full $5 table would bring in more rake than an empty $10 one.  We asked the dealer at the empty 3-card table about this and he flagged over the pit supervisor.  Both were friendly, but confessed they did not work at the old location and had no idea they had $5 minimum tables in the past.  The beers were $5 apiece at the bar.  Summary:The former Wild Horse Pass definitely catered to the working class, casual player.  The inexpensive, yet tasty, food grill that served a nice variety of foods has been replaced with the Boar Head Deli and Fatburger.  No more buffet.  Five dollar minimum tables gone.  This casino is definitely targeting the higher end, luxury players.  If you're looking to drop $5 a beer, a few hundred dollars at the tables and $100 on a steak dinner, this is your place.  As for us, we'll be driving the extra 20-minutes to Harrah's.
3	I am mildly impressed with the fact that the attempt to be a Vegas -style casino in Arizona is long overdue here in the valley of the slots.  This is not a pass, but rather a visit that will allow you to feel like you are in the middle of something more special than the other casinos in the area.  Not just because it is new but because you will be charged for the aesthetics.  But it is beautifully and tastefully done.  I for one am happy that there is another place to meet up with a middle class crowd of good people looking to enjoy  the fruits of their labour.Bearing in mind that you are actually NOT in Nevada, and remembering that you have to drive 25 miles to get to Scottsdale, this community is strategically placed for success.  Its size is also well porportioned for a successful feeling of activity.  If you are looking for flaws, we can point them out upon entering from the parking lot. The TV screens show programs sideways and it only seems to show football each time I go by.  I think the screens are meant to advertise the venue vertically and so there was no attempt to have the screens turned horizontically.  Then, we could say that fewer machines might be appropriate with more variety of types of machines.  We could complain about the price of the tables, but since the place is new, it may take them a while to drop the minimum bets to $5.  The absence of a buffet is not a miss in my opinion and I hope that the retaurants that are there will maintain the quality of their menus.  The platinum invitation only bar upstairs is a little cold atmospherically, but could be easily overcome with the right music piped into it.  The live entertainment venue is my biggest complaint.  I feel that they could have had a larger venue for winners, alas losers to jiggle and hoop about in...  I think that it is a miss also because I saw no evidence of Karoake. Sorry.  I am biased.Overall.  I will say that the place should be successful and I hope that it does not just wind up sitting in the desert under populated by winners and heavily trafficked by losers.
2	I was only mildly impressed with this casino, and I'm not just saying that because it ate 40 of my dollars.  The outside looks great and I really really like how the freeway exit practically forces you into going there.  The drive up was pretty easy to figure out, unlike some other more confusing places.   I'm not sure how well they police the age limit, but I got ID'd as soon as I got within 10 feet of the doors.  That's fine, I get it, I'm only 23 after all.  The inside of the casino is rather impressive.  I kind of felt like I was in Vegas.  There seem to be more sights, sounds, and flashing lights in this casino in comparison to the others around the valley.  Unfortunately, their selection of games consists mostly of slots, slots, and more slots.  I hate slots.  We wandered around for a VERY long while trying to find some Video Poker or Keno.  We played some, got bored and decided to see what the non-smoking section was like.  It was TINY!  Literally, it could have only been about a 20 by 15 foot room.  Lame assortment of machines in there.  I wasn't really impressed, I lost money, and it felt exceptionally smokey in there.  I'll stick with Casino Arizona or wherever it is I normally go instead.
3	FINALLY made it out to the WHP this past weekend.  The last time I had been out here was to check out the Sheraton for a wedding site.  A lot has changed since then.  The new hotel/casino is right off the freeway.  There are exit lanes that turn into RTO lanes, that make their own lanes....this place knows how to get people in.  I was quite impressed with their parking lot setup.  I didn't even try and attack the garage and just parked in the open lot.  Inside the casino is swank.  This is, by far, the nicest casino in AZ.  There are tv screens everywhere, tons of machines, and plenty of places to eat and drink.  Maybe the coolest addition from the old casino is the electronic roulette table.  Very cool.Unfortunately, there aren't enough multi-game machines, aren't enough anything inside the smoke-free room, and the waitresses suck.  Also, for a new casino, I felt like the vent system was pretty weak.  I find the more southern Casino Arizona to smell less like smoke than this new joint.Anyways, we had a good time.  It is better than the old Wild Horse Pass and it is better than the casino on the 202.  I'll probably keep going to Casino Arizona though...especially once they open their new hotel.
2	Went three hours early for the Jay Leno show on a Friday night and discovered one to two hour waits for the sit down restaurants.  Finally got into 24/7 with little time to spare. Not much more than a Denny's but the trout was OK.  Smoke filled gaming areas are not my cup of tea.  Nor is gaming and watching people of all shapes and sizes staring at flashing lights.  Jay Leno's non stop monolog was entertaining but I don't expect to return to the new Wild Horse Pass Hotel and Casino any time soon.
4	We only went to the casino to eat at Don Shula's Steak house. We had reservations for 7:45, however, they were running about 15mins behind and we had  to wait.  Our wait was well worth it as the dinner was awesome!  The menu is written on a football , which is different. The wait staff wheel a presentation cart to show you the cut and quality of the beef. We both had a filet and crab legs. Very high quality beef!  The  staff was very attentive. The only reason I did not give five stars is the noise level was a little high. A semi-circular room will reflect the sound around the room louder!  We will definitely go back!
4	I had friends visiting from L.A. and booked a night at this hotel on Fri, Feb 10th.  Valet service was quick and efficient, and so was the check-in process.  A couple that was checking in before us asked the clerk if they could upgrade to a suite and were told the hotel was booked to capacity, so upgrades weren't an option.  We later learned that there was a Boyz II Men concert that weekend, so hence the "booked to capacity".  We got a room on the sixth floor (603) and found out it was quite a walk from the elevators...not a problem, even in our high heels.  The hallway and surrounding decorations were nice, which for some reason surprised me.  Our room, although a bit on the small side, was nicely decorated and felt "intimate".  Overall, I was impressed with the hotel itself.  As for our two-bed room, we got a rate of $143.10 for the night and with taxes, came to $160.27.  After we got back to the room from a night of clubbing at their in-house nightclub (Airia), we ordered room service, consisting of an order of onion rings and an order of their steak and eggs.  The food came within 20 minutes and was piping hot.  The onion rings (not from FatBurger) were delicious and the steak/eggs were perfect (medium rare and sunnyside up, respectively).  The bill (with an additional $5 tip) came to under $25.  I would definitely recommend this hotel if I had friends visiting from out of town.
3	I went to the Wild Horse Pass Casino Friday night for the first time.  The casino itself is fairly nice and well laid out.  I play black jack.  During this economy I was very surprised that there were no $5 tables--I like to gamble with the best of them, but what I enjoy is sitting down and staying for a couple of hours and at $10 a hand, that is not going to be possible.  Anyway--what was nice--they only have five spots per table which give you a little more room, the dealers were pretty good and kept a good cadence for the deals.  I also like the fact that they don't have those continous shuffle machines.  The not so nice--they have no table games in the non smoking casino, so the smoking side was very smokey--I think almost everyone at my table was smoking.  Getting refreshments was not easy--I think I was at the table for about an hour and only saw the waitress once.  I have to go back because I took my chips with me, because on a Friday night they only had two people working in the cashier's cage and the line was extremely long and not worth waiting in.  Overall the casino is fine--but I think I will continue to look for a place with a lower stakes on the BJ tables.
4	If you have a itch....a casino itch that is, this place should satisfy. Was in town for the Waste Management Phoenix Open and went here with a buddy. It's up to par with other resort casinos in the southwest excluding Vegas and sports an upscale atmosphere. The poker room is clean, new and has decent action. For those of you who alwaus complain that Aces never win...well, here that's a GOOD thing! You get to spin the wheel after 10pm and have a chance of winning up to $1,000! I had mine cracked and won $50...meh, still better than nothing. One other notable is I glared up for some reason...prolly just checking out the place and noticed go-go's dancing in a small peep hole window. There's a club upstairs. I didn't go in cuz' I was playing poker but it seemed like it was going off!
2	No $5 minimum blackjack tablesNo electronic crapsSuper overpriced beers and cocktailsFood choices are LAMEEEEEEFurniture and lighting make the whole place feel cheap.  I don't like the casino, no I don't.
2	Cough! Cough! Excuse me I just walked out of the casino!  I forgot how it felt to be suffocated indoors with a bunch of smokers.  Sorry smokers no pun intended :)  This casino is a huge circle period....with a crappy bar in the middle.  Food court was decent because they have some popular brand name restaurants.  I went to the club when they first opened....yah! Are those booths to sit or for me to fall asleep?  Let's just say it wasn't much to experience - thank god I got in free!  If your hands are itchy and need to throw some money at the casino quick...this place does alright, but if you need to be entertained...go to Casino AZ
4	For an Arizona Casino, this place is as good as it gets.  I would say this casino, along with Lone Butte have the most "Vegas" feel in town.  The casino is well designed with a nice mix of machines and table games.  It's a great place to have a cocktail, people-watch, and play a few slot machines.   I've not won here, but these places aren't in the business to give away money.
4	We had a great vacation here June 6-10 (weekdays).  This hotel has staff that cares, great work out room, gorgeous pool (with full service bar/food service and misters to keep cool).  My boyfriend and son loved the Poker Room, really enjoyed themselves - played each day.  My BF called it a "Man cave", great environment and poker room staff.  Lots of free perks for joining Gila Rivers Players Club including free breakfast/lunch at Poker tables, $10 slotplay for joining.  We were here for 4 days and when we left we were relaxed and happy.  We came out ahead (paid for our trip), got to visit family in Chandler (less than 10 minutes away).Room was very comfortable, especially the beds. Only wished they had a small refrigerator. We arrived after midnight and they had us checked in quickly.  We walked down and checked out the casino and restaurants then headed for bed.  We were asleep in no time and woke up refreshed.  You can order room service any time.While my "boys" were in the Poker Room, I played primarily slots.  Broke even on the slots first day, hit big on Star Trek and Monopoly second day ($700), gave a little back the 3rd day - best time to play is in the early morning, slots are definitely tighter at night.  My son and I played $5 Black Jack and came out ahead after playing for 1/2 hour.  We will be coming here whenever we visit family in Chandler.  We were comped drinks, reduced room rate for next time we come.  Staff and management are working hard to make this first-class hotel and destination.  They've won our support - we can't wait til our next trip!
5	After getting into an arguement at another Az casino with a fellow BJ player, I've decided that table poker is the game for me.  3 Card Poker specifically!!!   Love going to the Wild Horse Pass casino.  All the table dealers I've dealt with there are very friendly, both when you're winning and losing.  Trust me, I've seen my fair share of "coolers" who have been asshats in other casinos.  The dealer I had this past Friday night was especially helpful to a friend of mine, a newbie to 3 card, and taught her the basics.   The 27/7 cafe has decent food.  Though I think next time, I'll just order a side of bacon and an order of sourdough toast instead of a club on sourdough.  The bacon they have there...seriously...AWESOME!  Finally....Many THANKS to Wild Horse Pass for having a $5min 3 card Poker table on Friday night!  And a BIG thank you to the dealer who dealt me the 3 of a kind and the straight flush!  Cha Ching!!  Color up Yo!  :D
5	Blackjack players rejoice; it appears Wild Horse Pass has added some $5 minimum tables on weekdays. They do indeed pay 3:2 so it's legit. I'm going to give them the fifth star for this; I feel it's a positive, inviting gesture to blackjack players. They're not giving away money but they are handing out the freedom to spread your bets.The first week of  November 2010 I observed two $5 tables on both sides open on Tuesday afternoon all the way to 2am, at which time one is closed. Players are then invited to move to the other open one with a marker laid down. Same thing on Wednesday night.Overall those tables stayed full or at least 4 out of 5 seats filled. The only time I saw a $5 table empty was when one went ice cold and the players were getting killed. Many people sat down looking for a fast-paced one on one game only to get brutalized, destroyed by the seemingly cursed cards being dealt there. It was really weird, even the dealers couldn't believe it.On Friday the two $5 minimum tables were both bumped up to $10 at 6pm, presumably to stay that way all weekend. I was "grandfathered in" there all night but left an hour later. That day the bet variance made the difference between me busting out and walking out just barely ahead. Go ahead and play the $5 tables, ride out the crap streaks one chip at a time, then bump up when you want. For me it's about the freedom to make the comfortable bet.From  a service standpoint I have found the staff here to be very friendly and professional. The majority of the dealers seem genuinely happy and I've experienced only precise dealing. Most seem to side with the player which of course helps them with tips. Almost all of the ones I met were hoping to bust out their 4-6s. Never once heard a smart-ass comment from any dealer there (I have at Lone Butte but that's another yelp). The place is spotless and offers nonsmoking tables and a nonsmoking video poker/slots room.Hotel has 24-hour room service and the door-hanger menu for breakfast. Checkout is automatic at 10am, good time saver. You can stay until noon. Rooms include standard unsecured wifi, 10 HD channels, iPod dock alarm clock radio and a docking station for computer to TV interface. Pool is Vegas-style and  does feature cabanas. Vegas style blinds in the room too, keeps the thing pitch black for sleeping in. Each room has its own digital thermostat. King bed featured down comforter, down pillows and the Westin-style mattress. USA Todays delivered each day.To sum up, stay at the Vegas Strip-style hotel on weekdays if you can and take advantage of the lower table minimums. Random free cash drawings take place on Tuesdays now which is also a good incentive to play that day. Highly recommended.
2	Living in Oklahoma, one thing there are plenty of are casinos! This was on the small side in comparison, but was designed nicely. Not a bad place to kill an hour, but would not be somewhere I would spend an evening.
3	Since I work @ a casino, I'm always checking out the others...Plus, I like to gamble!! This place is nice, but seemed to be lacking personality. It's new, so it's very clean, w/all new machines. The few employees I dealt with, seemed extremely bored, and a drink girl was nowhere to be found. Because this place is new, and @ the edge of the Phx. area, they don't have to try very hard, and I think it shows.
5	I play blackjack here. The dealers are all very friendly and will to help others while playing. A great atmosphere! I would reccomend this to anyone ib AZ above all others!
1	Arrived at the hotel two days ago at 8 PM after pre-paying for a room. Man at the front desk tells me there are no rooms ready. He calls his supervisor on the radio, and I can hear his supervisor say that there will be a room ready in five minutes, but not to give it to me. Instead, he wants me to wait 45 minutes for a different room. when I said that was not acceptable, he said, "what's your problem?"   I spoke with the supervisor, who had a horrible attitude and acted as though I was completely unreasonable for expecting my room to be ready five hours after the check-in time. He said, "can't you see we're having problems?"  The strange thing is that they've had problems several weeks in a row now.  If the staff at this hotel cannot have their rooms ready in time for the guests who have made a reservation, they are not competent.  I think they make people wait for rooms just so they will go lose money in the casino.  What a lousy thing to do when all I wanted was to check in and go to bed.  I am disappointed that this hotel is so mismanaged that they purposefully overbook their rooms so that I cannot get a room even though I've made a reservation.  They gave me a room that was worse than what I requested instead of offering me an upgrade or even a coupon for a hamburger.  I'm disappointed that the management would hire a front desk supervisor with such terrible customer service skills.  I'm disappointed that the management in this building thinks it's okay that I walked away from the front desk absolutely furious.
2	Rooms are small, but then again... it's a casino hotel. They WANT you to be uncomfortable in the room so you'll be more likely to gamble downstairs. Also, the walls are exceptionally thin.There was a pervasive odor of stale cigarettes throughout the hotel. Either the air scrubbers weren't doing their job or something was off.I was there a week and it was not until the last night that I figured out that it was the plastic mattress pads on the beds that made me so irrationally hot every night, waking up in a pool of sweat. Really? Plastic mattress pads in a supposedly 4 star hotel??The good? Thomas, the concierge. First rate guy with wonderful recommendations.Would I stay there again? Probably not. Would I stop by to see what Thomas has for great places to visit and dine? Oh yes!
4	I'm very impressed with this casino/hotel.  There are a lot of choices besides gambling for people to have fun.  A nightclub, Don Shula's Steakhouse, Fatburger, and much more.  I spent a few hours at the bar here people watching and enjoying the scene.There's plenty of parking in the parking garage and the staff here is pretty friendly.  I have to come back with the Wife to give Shula's a try.Return Factor - 90%
4	One of the best casinos in the Phoenix area.  $25 Pai Gow (15 if you get there early) tables are where you will find me.  Lots of TVs all over the place to catch your favorite sports games while playing, and the waitresses are generally attentive. There are some decent full service and food court restaurants here too.  Some of the concerts here are also pretty decent.  Table dealers are pretty friendly.  There's no comparison to anything in Vegas (I wish Craps was legal here), but for being just down the street it's not bad at all.
4	Met up with Susan 1 for a buddy's wedding and ending up staying here. Having lived in Phoenix for a few years, there really wasn't much that I was itching to do. I really wanted to stay someplace that I didn't have to worry about driving and traffic. She suggested this place and I'm glad that she did. I loved having a little bit of the "Vegas" experience without having to fight through McCarren to get it. The rooms were nicely furnished, modern and the clean. They did put us next to what I can assume was a bachelorette party which sucked butt but nothing a quick phone call to the front desk couldn't handle. They were responsive and I was finally able to get some sleep. Loved that they have free valet and concierge service, too!The casino is nice and they have a pretty decent little club upstairs. If it wasn't for me losing my hiney gambling, I may have bumped it to 5 stars.
3	If I could, I would become a professional gambler. However, I think that would land me homeless and send me straight to divorce court. Needless to say, I enjoy going on over night trips to local casinos. I stayed here on a Tuesday night, which happened to be my anniversary. My husband and I went to the pool. I really liked the pool bar. Drinks were a little pricey. We ended up only getting one round. It would be nice to see cheaper drinks at the pool. Maybe a happy hour, especially on the weekday. We ate at Ling and Louie's. We wanted to eat earlier, but the NBA finals were on. Good thing it didn't go into overtime because when we got in at 9 they started to close it down. We were in a casino, right? Food was good and filling nothing special. The waitress was nice enough to bring us an anniversary dessert.  The room was very nice, spacious for the two of us. Clean and new. Couldn't hear anyone around or above us. We had no luck gambling. Machines were tight (probably to pay for the new hotel and casino) and there were a lot of quarter and dollar machines. I prefer nickles and pennies. Stay away from Blackjack Attack, my husband lost it all and learned a valuable lesson. I would stay here again if the room was cheaper...
5	Anyone who knows me, knows I love me a good game of blackjack!  So, the Wild Horse Pass is usually my casino of choice on weekends when I  partake in such activities.  The dealers are friendly, the casino is like a mini Vegas and it's just so much fun.  Ling and Louie's restaurant has great food, as does Shula's (but a lot pricier!) steakhouse.  They also have a nice lounge for Platinum players where you can get appetizers and free cocktails.  Gotta love that!  I've stayed here overnight once or twice and the rooms are brand new and quite comfortable.  Double down on Wild Horse!
4	Amazing attention to detail. Rooms and bed are very comfy. Very clean and pleasant.
4	This review is just for the room an pool.We had a cabana at the pool.  The cabana was nice and the pool was not over packed. The waitress was pretty crappy.  She seemed annoyed when we asked for stuff.  She was really slow too. I can't blame it all on her because she was the only waitress out there for a long time. The hotel rooms were nice.  We got 2 queen beds in each room. I can tell you that the beds were not queen.  The blinds were awesome. They kept the room pitch black so we could sleep in. We had a newspaper outside our door on Sunday. I enjoyed our stay here. I would have given  stars but the waitress at the pool made all of us mad.
3	The casino was very clean so I have no complaints about that. Also the temperature was comfortable. So that was good. I won $100 pretty fast that was cool, but I gave it all back after that lol. The reason I give it 3 stars is because..1)  It was almost impossible to sit at a slot machine that was less than $.25 that is annoying2) Black Jack at the table was OK. They had $5 black jack table open on a Saturday so that was good BUT I sat there through 4 dealers and none of them were funny or nice.3) I only saw 1 cocktail server the entire time I was on the casino floor.I wish there were more machines and the staff was more friendly.
5	We have used Wild Horse Pass for two staycations - the hotel and casino are close to home and affordable.  We used the pool for the day on a Wednesday.  It was nice and quiet with no children, which is what we were really looking for.  The pool is simple and well designed - the bar at the back, piped in music, and hot temperatures.  The waitress was friendly and came to us a few times to make sure we were doing just fine.We ate at Ling and Louies for dinner....delicious, and they use filet mignon in all of their beef dishes.  I crave that food!The rooms are not huge, but they are comfortable and the cleaning staff is on top of making sure the rooms are delightfully clean.  I would return again and again!Love the casino - don't love the smoking inside, but hey.  We can't have it all!  Dealers are super friendly and the bars are very accommodating!
4	Stayed here one night because the Hotels in Tempe were still $$$$.  Very nice, clean and friendly.  The casino is what casino's are.  You either like it because you win or its not so good because you lost.  Me .... not so good!
4	Pretty large casino and game room. Reminds me of Vegas. Excellent parking in garage. Lost money but still a good choice for alcohol and gaming.
4	Love the rooms here. Very modern and clean. This is great for a staycation for a one night getaway! :)
4	Vegas-y, nice enough, and didn't smell like smoke.  Pretty much your standard Casino without a lot of personality but overall clean, upscale, and with friendly patrons and employees.
4	Nice new looking casino.  Stayed here for work, too bad I don't really gamble :(Otherwise it seems pretty good, kind of got a vegas feel to it, has a food court and quite a few restaurants inside.Around the casino I didn't really see much around to do, it was just kind of isolated on its own. The workout facility is decent sized, i think ~5 treadmills, 3 ellipticals and was empty when I went for a run.  I think a couple of the machines were broken though but there were a few weight machines but not that many.Staff seemed nice and I liked that it was non smoking!  Decent overall hotel!
3	I thought it was an OK casino.  I'm not a huge gambler, but like to take a crack at it here and there.  I was disappointed that the only roulette they had was digital!  That's no fun!  They have a few blackjack tables and a small poker room, but this seems to mainly be a slot casino.  We had drinks at the center bar, and the prices weren't too steep for a casino.
4	Here for a work trip. Wish I could stay longer & take advantage of all the amenities (spa, shows, hiking, etc)The facilities are very sleek & modern. Comfy beds, tastefully appointed rooms. Great gym & pool. Staff are insanely nice & helpful.Grabbed a quick lunch in the food court (decent selection for omnis-- but vegans can only get a Boca Burger at Fatburger  or adapt the Veggie Wrap at Boar's Head), so I can't comment on the restaurants or bars.Like most casino hotels, the smell of smoke permeates... Blech. The casino is small (though I've never been anywhere but Vegas, so maybe this is normal?) & full of old fogies (uh, it is a Monday afternoon...)
3	I would like to consider myself somewhat of a casino expert..I spend a lot of time in Las Vegas and enjoy rolling the dice and playing cards...Here is my take on the WIld Horse Casino:  Pros:1) I love that the dealers keep their own tips vs. splitting them among the shift...they are much nicer and know that when you win they win, so they really do benefit in your winning2) Place was very nice and clean, was impressiveCons:1) No free drinks...in fact, they are really expensive ($6 for a beer and $7 for a mixed drink)...2) Limited Casino Games...no roulette, no craps...just blackjack and 3 card poker.
4	Love this casino! The center bar area is awesome! The bar is sunken and is very trendy. Haven't had the pleasure of eating at the steakhouse yet....they're reservations fill crazy fast! Was there at 5:30 & the first available reservation wasn't until 8pm. Book the hotel early too. I tried to book it 2 weeks in advance & they have been full.
4	I usually enjoy going to this casino during the week because the weekends get way too packed and your lucky if you can find a machine anywhere on the floor. I usually find myself at either the slot machines or once in a while in the poker room to play some texas hold'em. Overall this casino has a good vibe they have good service and friendly staff. We almost always end up at their 24/7 cafe and while their service is not as speedy their food is pretty good, I'm a sucker for their open faced roast beef sandwich yummm!!! We have been to the club upstairs a few times and its quite small not somewhere I would plan a night out to but if your there and you have nothing else better to do stop in. I haven't had the chance to stay a night there since the hotel opened but I'm hoping to soon.
4	My boyfriend got us a room here for my birthday weekend. It was pretty nice, obviously not Vegas, but a nice get-away in the same city we live in. It was packed in there though, no machines open at all, you kind of had to wait in line, per say. I guess it's a good thing, I wasn't really there to gamble much, or you can look at it in a way of, it's kind of saving you some money in the long run (to make light of the situation). They have some nice seating areas inside and outside of the casino. My favorite spot had to be out side with the water fountain (super-mini Bellagio thing going on), very therapeutic! The view from our cousin's room was awesome! Our view actually reminded us of Vegas because we saw some AC units and the roof (lol). But ultimately we enjoyed our stay and company of friends that joined us.
3	My wife and I went there last weekend for a birthday party.  It seemed clean but I don't do well in smoke filled areas.  The ventilation system did not get the smoke out good enough for me.  The gaming tables seemed nice.  It's also convenient to have a Fat Burger inside the casino.  We also went into the club which was ok. I was very pleased that they weren't gouging for bottles of water.  This place is great if you're a smoker.
4	I've lost money here more than a few times, but you can't base a review on how much money you lose because every casino would be ranked 0 stars! This place is my go to casino when I was living in Gilbert. It's really easy to get to, my friends from Tempe can meet up here quickly as well, and I always feel like I'm in Vegas when I'm here with the upstairs club. Unlike it's neighbor which I also reviewed (Lone Butte Casino) this place its pretty large, has plenty of tables and things seems more spaced out. They also have a nice hotel attached, but I doubt I'll ever gamble enough here to earn a free room since it's the only time I'd ever stay in my own city at a hotel. Protip: Saturday nights are the best night for the club and you can make it a great night if you want to do some dancing/drinking/gambling and maybe an early dinner here as well.
3	It's a pretty casino, if casinos can be pretty.  It's new so it doesn't have that desperate old man look to it yet.  Downfall, it's on a reservation and that generally means low pay out.All and all, it was good fun and a nice break on our cross country drive.
4	We were catching a show here, so decided to make it a little overnight getaway.  We booked a room online, and when we arrived, it was exactly as we ordered.  We got a standard king...nothing fancy.  The room was comfortable and very clean.  The bathroom was immaculate.  With the summer heat starting to kick in, the room was kept quite cool with an easy-to-use thermostat.  The only complaint about the location of our room was that we had no view.  We looked at a wall.  The upside of that, the sun didn't hit our window, so it kept our room cool, something we definitely didn't mind.  Plus, it gave  us added privacy.  I would also have liked if the bathroom was a little brighter.  There are lights, and a number of them, but it still seemed to have shadows and it made it difficult to put on makeup.  I noticed in other reviews, that this same thing was brought up.  The major good thing was, the showroom is literally right outside the lobby, so we didn't have to walk through the casino.  We're not gamblers, so it was a pleasure not having to be inundated with it.  The staff were very friendly, and it was easy getting in and out, plus the elevators seemed quite fast getting to the floors.  Overall, our experience was a pleasurable one, and we'll definitely plan another little getaway the next time a show comes that we want to catch.
1	BE VERY CAREFUL AROUND THIS PLACE...  I had one of the bus drivers back up into my trailer and race car and then flee the scene.  Yep those people who transport everyone around did a HIT &RUN!!!  After we had a witness tell us who it was we called management to come and take care of the problem.  Over 2 hours later and multiple calls someone finally showed up but couldn't help me since they weren't in charge.  Finally over 3 hours later (The casino was within walking distance) they had someone bring me their insurance information... But now their insurance is telling me that they can't do anything till the casino contacts them to let them know which bus it was!.  So after a week of calling and leaving messages it seems like they are ignoring me and hoping the problem will go away.  If I don't get a response by the end of the week I will have to call the police to try to get this solved.     I hope no one else will have to go through what I have but if they do, get the police involved immediately!  This hotel and casino is trying to avoid fixing a problem they caused to a paying guest.   This doesn't even mention the false charges they tried to add to my credit card after I had already checked out.  By far the worse customer service and satisfaction I have ever received.  !!!!YOU"VE BEEN WARNED!!!!
3	Our visit here was quite interesting. The resort is pretty and huge. I was impressed the the decor and restaurants. However the people who come here for the nightlife and gambling on a Saturday night ... well, that's another story. I am from LA and have seen a lot. The dress code for the women, and I say "women" referring to women over 40, is bizarre. Tight mini shorts with a matching halter top and 5" grass green wedges out in the middle of the desert was beyond my thought process. I just looked and said, "Oh my! That's not her church outfit." What is with the oversize women in tight tight leopard spandex mini-dresses? I had to look away for fear of staring too hard ... my eyes! My eyes!Anywho, I am sure it's a whole trendy thang there for desert casino nightclubbing attire but where I come from that's just a bad choice in clothing.All in all, the casino and resort were nice.
4	I come here quite often...I have won a bit ($1600 once on the $10 machines) but lost a lot! Using players card really pays off...get invited to all the venues and concerts for free-even a slot tourney. Love Ling & Louie's Asian restaurant-ginger margaritas are great. Shula's is awesome if you are prepared to pay the price.Fun venue for spending some time, or if you are lucky enough to earn free nights take advantage! If you get a night at the hotel-reserve a poolside cabana for the ultimate in relaxing!
3	This review is for the hotel only.  I did not see a speck of the casino.  Spent 5 nights here.  Room was adequately sized.  There was a one-sinked bathroom consisting of a toilet and shower plus hair dryer and those little soaps and what not.  The bathrooms door was excessively large though.  The door opened into the bathroom and it was cutting it quite close next to the sink counter area and the toilet so it was a bit of an annoying instance trying to get out of the bathroom by not grazing the rest of the stuff in there, but whatever.There's a closet available with one of those fold out stands for luggage and stuff.  Hangers available that actually come off the rack.  There is also a safe at the very top of the closet if needed.The TV was placed right in front of one of the beds (2 beds) and wasn't very convenient for viewing from the other bed in the room.  Meh.  Wasn't that bad but could've at least been placed closer to the middle.  There was no microwave but there was a mini station with 4 different types of snack bags available for purchase plus 2 complimentary waters.  On the next to last night I think, we didn't get our two bottles replaced.  Oh well.. In our room there was an office desk plus reclining chair plus just a regular chair in the corner.  There were a couple easy outlets to reach, but on the second bed that had poor view of the TV in the first place didn't have an outlet that was easily accessible from the bed.Also, the nightstand light just stopped working after the first night.  Probably just burnt out but we didn't bother to tell anyone.  Also also, the towels (linens too maybe) were a bit scenty.  I'm on the sensitive skin side and I can't really handle any sort of scented laundry so my skin was a bit irritated by that.  Lesson learned though, definitely going to pack an extra towel or two just in case for my next hotel visit anywhere!
3	I do not gamble but the casino here appears to be pretty nice.
4	I stayed here for several nights during my trip to AZ for spring training in March.The hotel/casino is conveniently located right off the I-10.  The parking lot on the hotel side is quite large so there's plenty of outside parking that's only a short walk to the hotel lobby.  The property looks very new and well maintained.The gentleman who handled the check-in process was friendly and efficient.  Check-in only took a couple of minutes.  The express check out via the in-room tv was convenient.I stayed in a room on the ninth floor.  The room was clean and comfortable.  Amenities were pretty standard and Wi-Fi was complimentary.  Housekeeping did a great job each day.I also liked that you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the hotel side.  The hotel is supposed to be smoke free, but the room had a noticeably smoky smell.  It seems like it's probably an air ventilation problem that I hope that they can fix or improve.  The rooms also have very thin walls so you can probably hear your neighbors talking and vice versa.    I did not gamble here at all, but I walked through the casino a couple times to pick up some takeout from the food court.  There are a few food court options which stay open until about 10:00 pm - 12:00 am.  The hotel and casino are connected, so it was convenient to grab a snack at night without having to actually go outside.  The casino looked pretty nice and it wasn't too busy on the weekday nights.Overall, I really enjoyed my stay at this property.  The only downside was the faint smoky smell in the room, but everything else was excellent.  I would definitely stay here again especially for the convenience and friendly service.
4	One of the cleanest hotels I have ever been to. The inside decor is very well done  and I was impressed at home un-smokey it was. The room was really nice, with all new equipment and very comfortable bed. I was at a lounge during happy hour and they had $3 martinis (1/2 off drinks). What a deal! Ling and Louis (an asian fusion type of restaurant) was extremely quick and very reasonably priced and tasty. I was going to try Schulas Steakhouse but I read some bad reviews and decided to stay away from it. I would stay there again, it was a great deal.
4	We've spent two weekends here in the last year and had a wonderful time! The rooms are very clean and comfortable. Drinks and dining are reasonable. We will definitely come back!
4	I LOVE THIS HOTEL!!!! it was very clean! im really picky with rooms and set ups. the bathroom was super clean. i had bubble baths in there every night while my best friend went down stairs to gamble LOL they have an ipod dock for u to play music. they also have a 27 inch lg tv in there and etc. first thing i did when i got to the room was run and jump onto the bed ^_^ the bed was very comfortable. most places give u cheap pillows. they gave each bed 5 memory foam pillows. gahh... my best friend and i are both light sleepers.. we slept thru each others convos on the phone LOL. room service came every morning to clean our room around 10am. they dont misplace our stuff like other places did. they just clean up and put our stuff in a convenient spot where we still can find it. i left my itouch on the dock by accident and it was not stolen..so therefore u can trust these people. the busboys and valet guys were SUPER nice. they didnt mind carrying up our stuff or carrying things out for us. =] the bar in between the customer service area and the casino.. was cool. Joey was very attentive and nice. he made me 2 random ass drinks. i told him to surprise me (since i can hold my alcohol VERY VERY well) the drinks he made were sooo yummy. he definately deserve a raise. i will be asking for joey to make my drinks the next time im in town =]
3	My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. We opted to stay in town, but wanted to get away from our house for a night.  The hotel is nicely decorated and the room was very nice. There were just a couple of things that really bothered me.    The blanket on our bed had what looked like crusty mustard on it... at least I HOPE it was mustard. It was a small stain, but obviously the blankets are not washed after each stay.   The noise level was fairly loud. We could hear the argument the people in the next room were having... word for word. While their exchange was entertaining, I was left wishing the rooms were better insulated. We could also hear EVERYTHING that was going on in the hallway. For some reason the night we stayed must have been some crazy "Bring Your 209302930 Kids to the Casino" night... because we heard a lot of children.   Would I stay here again? Yes. The bed was super comfortable, the staff was nice, and compared to other hotels this one is still pretty nice.
4	Best casino in the PHX area.
4	The rooms are lovely and cheap! We had a room Saturday night and we got it for $99.I will say the walls are the thinnest I have ever experienced, but for the price I can't complain. The roomservice is great, 24 hours and they also have a lot of restaurants and a few different bars/1 club you can go to. It's a nice one night getaway from Tucson. Oh yeah....and you can gamble and play poker..lol. My bf plays Texas Holdem there and I do the electronic roulette. It's alright!
2	The dance floor at the lounge is the tiniest I think I have ever seen. Any kind of real partner dancing is out of the question unless you are the only couple there. Live bands play there but the lounge is obviously set up for people who just want to listen for awhile and then get back to gambling. I'm not at all sure how healthy it is to dance there considering the thick smoke. In all fairness I didn't go there to gamble or to eat, so my rating is only for the lounge and it's total lack of amenities for dancing. If you are there just to listen to live music it is OK.
4	Overall I was very impressed by this hotel.  It's very modern and elegant.  The lobby is grand, there are several good restaurants in the casino area and the hotel is located just off I-10.  I'm not into gambling but I still enjoyed staying here.There were a few downers.  The place reeked of smoke. If you have asthma or can't handle cigarette smoke, I don't suggest staying here. Smoking is allowed in the casino area and the hotel area is supposedly smoke-free but I could still smell the smoke from my room.  Also, I had a very difficult time connecting to the wi-fi internet.
3	This past weekend was my first visit to this casino. It's very modern, and the architecture has some touches of Frank LLoyd Wright mixed with Zen architecture. It is very sophisticated and reminds me of a casino you'd find in Vegas. I didn't spend much time in the actual casino though since I don't gamble much, so this is actually a review about the concert venue that lies within. My friend and I went to a Lifehouse concert on Friday that took place at the Ovations Showroom. It was general admission, so seats were on a first come first serve basis. There was a long line expanding around the inside perimeter of the entire casino to get into the Ovations Showroom, but since we waited indoors, it wasn't really an issue.The Ovations theater is smaller than Comerica Theater downtown. This is nice, because every seat seems like a good view. The venue seems more intimate and you can get alot of better pictures too since every angle seems to have a good view of the stage. There's even balcony seating overhead when you first walk in. There's a wall dividing the middle of the room, and the front of the wall was standing room only, and the other side of the wall to the back of the room had seats with drink holders. We sat in the seats so we wouldn't have to hold our drinks and stand the entire time. It would've been nice to sit right behind the wall because there was a bar table top to place drinks on. The sound quality of the speakers was great! It was very clear and loud without any "tingy-ness." It was convenient to have two full sized bars in the back, so you could order mixed drinks, beers, or wine. There was a large variety. The downside to having full sized bars was that people were easily drunk and loud in the back, so if the artist is singing a slower or more intimate song, you can hear annoying drunk people at the bar in the back of the room. The drinks in price were about average a soda was under $2 and a Makers Mark mixed with diet coke ended up being $6.25. It was also convenient having the restrooms right next to the bar, so you didn't have to exit the theater at all during the concert. The speakers inside the bathroom also had the concert playing so you never missed anything if you were forced to make a "pit stop." We really enjoyed the Lifehouse concert here and I won't hesitate to see other artists I enjoy that visit here in the future.
1	The machines are really tight.  The card tables, lets say they open and close the  tables as new decks are in favor of the house.  They also use multiple decks which is favor of the house as well.  They do not track your money appropriately and the pit bosses could care less how much you spend it will not go on your card.  I just got my statement and it was so wrong it was not even funny.  My liability is up for a jackpot I won at Harrah's because these casinos never track your properly.   I REFUSE TO GO THERE SPENDING MONEY SO THEY CAN CONTINUOUSLY BUILD NEW HOTELS AND CASINOS AT ALL THREE OF THEIR LOCATIONS!
3	I go here for fun and games. I play Texas hold'em to let loose and let my mind go. The clientele here seems to be regulars and a more elderly crowd. I like that there is no smoking allowed in the poker room, but there is still a little trace of it from the outside of the room. Some of the dealers are nice and some just don't seem like they like their job. I could understand this since the folks that comes here can be really rude to the dealers when they don't get the hands they like. I have also been to other casinos with poker and the dealers there are much more spirited and professional, even though they have a rude clientele. With that being said, it's not impossible that this problem can't be fixed.
4	I'm far from any kind of casino expert, but this one I do enjoy.  It truly has a little bit of everything for everyone.  The casino itself is pretty large with a nice variety of slots and blackjack tables.  A nice element is the bar right in the heart of the casino, makes getting a drink easier while you're playing.  There are a couple bars along the exterior of the casino that usually has some good live music Thurs-Sat nights. Along with a couple pretty nice restaurants theres a dance club upstairs that I hardly ever frequent, not really worth the $10 cover im my opinion.As far as Arizona casinos go this is one of the best that I have been to.  With close proximity to my home, it offers a good time if you aren't expecting Vegas.  =)
4	Great casino hotel with service to match. There are many food choices from food court style offerings to a few top rated restaurants.
4	If the WHP was on the Vegas Strip, it would be in my top 5 places to stay. The casino has a nice, circular layout and none of the crazy maze elements you find a lot of places that are trying to keep you on the floor longer. TV Screens with sports can be viewed from every angle on the floor, and the atmosphere overall is great.The rooms were also some of the nicest I have stayed in for a hotel/casino, clean, modern, and very comfortable. Rooms can be a bit pricy, but if you can't make the drive and trip out to Vegas for a few days, Wild Horse Pass will do if you just need a nice evening of kicking back and enjoying a great resort
4	This is my favorite local poker room. They also have affordable tournaments on Tues/Wed nights.Their hotel rooms are comfortable, and the pit bosses will bend over backwards for you.
3	Ok, when I got here I was truly impressed! I probably never stayed at a hotel this nice. I had a great time here and would recommend it.However, there are two things that I had an issue with...First, I know they are a Indian casino, but even the Indian casinos where I a from do not charge me for drinks when I gamble. We spent a lot of money here and they still had to charge us for drinks when we gamble is a little silly.Lastly, on a Friday night we had a large group of us hanging out in the bar in the middle of the casino. We were drinking hand having a good time before a wedding we were to attend the next day. Anyway, we all took a kamikaze shot and when I swallowed, something stabbed my tongue! I pull it out and it was a large sliver of glass! At about a 1/4-1/2 inch in length, it stabbed the roof of my mouth and lodged into my tongue... I was bleeding quite a bit. My boyfriend and friends told the bartender and he just said sorry. They had an emt come over and said she could just take my vitals and give me some gauze, and that she would have them wash the shot glasses...I guess that is ok, I wasn't really ejecting a lot. Maybe pay for my shot that stabbed me at the least! Maybe have a manager come over to apologize and buy my drink? Or maybe have the bar clear out the ice and wash the glasses? Who knows where the glass came from. It could have been in the ice or the glass or who knows. I know accidents happen, but they didn't even seem to really care. I'm sorry but businesses are most successful by excellent customer service, and that night I did not get that...I probably should even give them less stars but I would feel a little guilty, because the place is really nice ANSI was very impressed with the rooms and the pool area. If it was based on just customer service the wouldn't even get a star from me.
1	Casino Review:Seriously, just save  your money and walk away. For better or for worse I am a slot lover. I like playing old school slots to something shiny that makes lots of noise. With slot's you're pretty much guaranteed to lose. Fate accepted. With this in mind, if you go to Vegas you can play for a decent amount of time. You win some, you lose some. At Wild Horse Pass I find that you just lose everything. I've never played at a casino that had such high minimums, but also had such little payout. I think of all the spins I may have hit a payout on less than 5%. Now I know that regulations dictate that there must be a minimum payout (likely to be 80%), it certainly doesn't seem like it. It's really really really easy to drop $100 in about 20 minutes here.
3	We came on a Saturday night to try one of the restaurants, do a little gamling, and just check the place out after driving by it dozens of times. The place looks good on the inside and out, there are plenty of different options to entertain you inside, and the food was better than what I was expecting. The only thing that stopped me from giving this place a higher rating was how packed it was. We had to wait over an hour to sit down for dinner and it was hard to find any open video poker machines to play.
4	This casino is pretty fun! It's on the newer side so everything is still kind of new and fancy! I love how open the casino is laid out with a variety of slot machines, tables and having the bar in the center of the casino floor. There is always a lot going on here. They have a nice fancy restaurant upstairs which is called Shula's, they also have different events in their large hall. We visited this casino for my mom's birthday and had a nice time. Each of us was able to find a machine we could play for quite some time. It's nice to be able to go to a casino and sit at a machine for some time and not loose all your money in 2 seconds. Luck may have been with my sister and I this day for each of us won quite a bit of money on one of the new machines! Caaaaaaaching! $$$$! Winning money is always fun! The decorations, cleanliness, staff and machines will keep me going back for more. I also loved that we were able to get some cheap rooms last summer and hang out by their pool. The pool is pretty big and they have a lot of sitting areas. You can even rent a private cabana and they have waiters that walk around to take care of each guest. If your in a hurry you can visit the outside bar yourself for some food or a drink. They have a pretty decent menu for an outside pool bar! The hotel rooms are very cool. You have a very large window with a great view of Arizona. I recommend one of the higher floors with a view overlooking the mountains, sunset and sunrise. The room we stayed in was standard, but everything in it was very new, clean and fancy! I was honestly blown away by how cheap the rooms were (with our players club card) and how fancy they were set up! Big bang for your buck!I enjoy spending my time and money here. Not a lot of people can say that about a casino! Keep it up Wild Horse Pass!
5	Great casion nice and clean!! The hotel and pool are also both very nice. I didnt stay in the hotel or swim this paticular visit but I have in the past. The staff is usually attentive and nice. I have yet to be disapointed with this casion. Great location now that they outlets are completed.
5	wild horse pass hotel and casino was our destination this past weekend to celebrate our four year wedding anniversary.we're really glad we chose this place. it's a new facility and it has beautiful rooms and views. at check in, brett was a great help. our reservations were separated into two and he made sure that we were going to be able to stay in the same room for both nights. we were given a room on the 10th floor (which is the highest floor) and had a great view of the pool and surrounding desert. the room was very clean and well put together. the air conditioning gets very cold which is great for the triple digit weather we got over the weekend there. my husband likes to gamble so it was also convenient that right down stairs was a very large casino with so many slot machines and card table to choose from. you really don't even need to leave their property because they seem to have it all. from entertainment to food, etc. they even have a beautiful new premium outlet mall that boasts 90 shops with in walking distance from the casino. we enjoyed every aspect of our stay and would love to visit again soon! thanks for making out fourth anniversary a memorable one.
1	If I could give this place a ZERO STAR, I would!!!!  From the moment we walked into the casino a wannabe-police security rudely told us that we could not roll our luggage on the casino floor, but had to follow the non-carpet path towards the hotel.  What casino has a no-luggage policy on the casino floor????  One of our friends forget his wallet in his room after check-out.  His wallet was found in lost-and-found, but his $200 cash was gone!!!  Front desk people had no customer service what-so-ever.  All the workers need to sign up for customer-service 101 in Las Vegas, NV, where hotel guest services are impeccable.  Even though the hotel was modern, customer-service is what makes guests' experiences positive and guests wanting to come back.
1	We had will call tickets to a show. They oversold and didn't tell anyone until after standing I will call line for almost an hour. I'll never go back again
1	Outraged at the lack of customer service at the front desk, for starters.  Checked in with a clerk that lacked customer service skills and needs to brush up on her communication skills . . . she had none!  Once we went into our room, 1) television was not working;  2) tried to plug iphone to their clock radio and the connector was broken off completely;  3) table lamp had electrical outlets for phone charger BUT, table lamp turned on and off all by itself.Not a good experience for being our first visit.  We will never be back and we will definitely be telling all our friends and family of our horrific experience.
4	We recently celebrated our 10th anniversary.  We were recently given a gift certificate to Shula's, and after finding a good rate using Expedia, decided to also stay the night.  Prior to our arrival, I e-mailed the rooms manager and let her know it was our anniversary in case they did anything nice for folks like us.  I got an e-mail the next day from the concierge letting me know we would be upgraded.  I'm not a guy that asks for free stuff, but this was a nice surprise - I thought, at best, we might get a fruit platter.Check-InWe pulled in around 4pm for check-in and Valet'd the car.  There was only one bellman/valet available, who was nice.  Check in was very smooth - they use a credit card reader display instead of paper, which is the first time I've seen that.  As a former front-desk agent, paperless check-in sounds awesome.  The RoomOur upgrade was to a beautiful suite on the 6th floor (Room 601).  There are (by my calculations) only 9 of these rooms, which are called "South Corner Suites".  They have a small kitchen with full refrigerator, sitting area with flat screen, a separate half bath, nice king size bed and huge bathroom with double vanity, granite countertops, shower and Jacuzzi tub.  Hotel provides complementary water bottles - a rarity - and does have turn down services with mints.  The bed is very comfortable, but BRING YOUR OWN PILLOW.  Their pillows are very large, and a bit hard for my liking.  Water pressure is good.  I did use the jacuzzi tub, spending some time reading.  When I turned the jets off, I noted a strange green watermark on the side of the tub.  No, that didn't come from me.  Perhaps it was some grease from the jets?  I hope ...The FoodI'll review Shula's separately.  It was good, but very pricey.  A proper dinner for 2 (appetizer, main dish, side) with alcohol will run $200.  We did eat breakfast in the cafe in the morning.  Very reasonable pricing.  Wife had french toast and I had pancakes.  Nothing spectacular, but zero to complain about.  The PoolVery nice pool.  It was the perfect temp, and although it was the summer, there were great clouds that kept the temps in the mid-90s.  We had drinks - virgin pina colada for my preggo wife, and a great frozen margarita for me.  Only drawback - bar/kitchen is far from the entrance to the pool, and the deck is hot.  Wear sandals!  The pool wasn't super busy, and the bar was dead - I'd recommend the hotel have the bartender walk around and try to do some selling - you'd increase your revenue for sure.  I would have had a 2nd drink easy if I was asked.  Want to be a high-roller?  You can reserve one of 6 or 7 cabanas.  I didn't inquire about the price, but it is an added luxury.  Check-outNothing unexpected.  CasinoWe walked through in the morning.  Lots of good games and great colors.  Looks like a lot of fun.  Until you see the people playing the games.  Then you get depressed.  Very, very depressed.  This is why we have Social Security?  The casino is almost completely separated from the hotel, which is great for families.  Thanks WHP!  We've used Harrah's as a getaway in the past, but all that might be over!
1	Not bicycle friendly.
2	The casino is fun, but the service at the restaurants is terrible! We went to the Asian restaurant and waited for 30 min while all of the tables were empty. Frustrating! Then after a night on the tables, we went to the 24/7 cafe and waited 30 minutes for water. Not what I would label as acceptable service, especially since there were 2 tables, including us, in the restaurant
2	I almost gave it 1 star. I stayed here for one night with  a discounted Living Social voucher. I would have been outraged if I had paid full price.  Parking is on the opposite side of the building which is ok if you aren't staying there but had if you are. Front desk was not very helpful. Hotel is NOISY. Good luck trying to get sleep. Staff wear loud noisy walky talkies through the halls at 1am. Who does this? I called room service. No answer. Bought breakfast on my way out in the morning. Point of sale system didn't work. Good thing I had the right amount of cash to pay my check. Lousy hotel.
4	I didn't gamble here, but I did see a comedy show at the Ovations theater. The seats were the fold-up kind, but there were padded enough that they were still comfortable for the show. Our seats were in the second section, and you could still see the stage clearly. They have 2 large screens on the stage so those that are sitting further away can see the main act better. Sound was good and we had no problem hearing anything. Unlike other comedy venues like the Celebrity Theater, parking was easy and there wasn't any traffic getting in and out since there are multiple exit and entry points. Also, since the theater is at a Casino, you have a wide selection of food to choose from to eat before or after the show. Overall, a nice theater to see a show.
3	The place is beautiful and the rooms gorgeous. We were lucky enough to have a pool view and the lighting around the area was very nice from above! The front desk staff TOTALLY lacks personality though! No smiles...just business and you feel like you are bothering them to check in! The decor is nice and welcoming, the grounds well kept and the entertainment was really good for a free band! They were called JJ's (or something like that) and they were WONDERFUL!! The beer was WAAAAYYYY over priced for a casino and it was hard to get anyone to bring you drinks so off to the bar every time we needed a beverage which was disappointing (especially at their prices!) If the beer would have been cheaper we would have probably played at the machines longer, but the cooler in my room with cheap beer called my name after a while! :(  Beds comfy, bathrooms clean and sparkly and no smoky smelling room was nice! I would definatly go back to hotel...but BRING YOUR OWN BOOS people!! LOL! I would think they would want you to drink and loosen up but the alcohol cost more than the gambling at this place! ENJOY the ambience though! ta-ta! :)
3	I went here for the first time last night after a wedding. Im not a gambler nor am i a club goer so not really my cup of tea. With that being said...this place is really nice and there's quite a lot to do in this joint. There were freakin slot machines EVERYWHERE....I guess that's to be expected in an establishment such as this. I played, and lost, my $10 and was ready to move on to the next rhing. We hung at The Lounge for a bit. It was a super tiny spot, but they had a pretty good funky band playing some good dancin' jams. We did not stay there very long because with a large group of intoxicated people your attention span is that of a kitten.We spent quite a bit of time in the main center bar. Shocking right? The bar tenders were awesome! Fast and heavy pourers (if thats a word). Most of the party had hotel rooms, in the casino and the resort as well. The suite for the bride and groom was gorgeous with TWO bathrooms. Genius. The only thing i tought was odd was the "gift" they left for them. A tiny box with nuts and candies.....what? Where's the champagne..sheesh. The rooms in the resort were also really nice, my friends got a free upgrade and ur backed up to a stream so that was pretty. Noice.Overall, the place was nice...and GIANT. I felt like I was in a freggin airport the entire time!  It's a bit far out of the way and not being a gambler...chances are slim I will return unless another event arises. In that case, count me in. :)
3	Got a free hotel room here last night by signing up for their text message club and being one of the first callers. then to make things better I was upgraded for free to a north facing suite. Sweet! the room was classy and felt comfortable, while also very business ready which is a good thing. Highlight of the room was the TV in the foot-board with an automatic push button to raise/lower, but maybe I'm too easily amused. Casino is good although they change out the machines so frequently it's hard to find one I like sometimes. The service and dealers I've had have all been great. Liz and I got 40 dollars in food comps last month and thought we might try the steak house HA cheapest steak was 6oz and $37 we went for the Asian food place instead. I had the Drunken chicken which was good, but be prepared to taste the Bacardi 151 its strong in the chicken. The service was great. This time I went for cafe 24/7, the food was ok for diner quality food but nothing spectacular. I had the bleu cheese burger and a sampler platter. The chicken tenders and potato skins were again ok, but tasted like they could have come from the freezer aisle at bashas. The burger was pretty bland, and the fry's were below average for a diner.
3	I have yet to find something I dislike about this casino but I have not stayed the night here so I will not be able to add my two cents about the rooms. I have watched the local MMA fights here for friends and I also really enjoy eating here at the food establishments all are great. The dad and I like to chill in the lounge and have a nice cigar. The mood is great and the staff I have met has always been friendly. I would recommend this casino for my pals both on yelp and in real life.
2	I don't think it's fair to rate a casino on how mush you win....but I think it's very fair to rate a casino on its employees and dealers. Which at this casino for the most part, aren't very good. Not mean, they just speed through the game and don't add anything fun to it. Drink ladies are few and far between and the table games act like changing $50 is a big deal. I know it's not Vegas but come on.
4	Had a wonderful time.  Saw Charo, she is lovely and lively.  No luck in the casino as usual but we had a nice date night.
5	Made my reservation here not really sure of what to expect. I stayed at the hotel and spent some time at the casino as well. Staff is extreme friendly and attentive. The hotel and casino are separate and have individual valet stations. The hotel staff had excellent customer service. Hotel was very nice inside, beds were comfortable and they provide toiletries. They also give free water bottles in the room and at the registration counter. Checkout is at 12pm. As for the casino, your typical Vegas style setup. Plenty of slot machines to try your luck on. Another perk? They are located next to the Phoenix outlets. Oh yeah, perfect setup to go and spend your winnings there ;)Will definitely be going back and staying there.
1	I chose this resort to stay at during a conference in Phoenix in February. I also wanted to try it out because I was considering staying with my husband for a brief getaway. I will never return.I requested a King non-smoking room and made a special request (my booking was made nearly a month in advance) that my room be as far from ice/vending and the elevators as possible. I called multiple times to confirm, but was never able to get through. That should have been a sign. On check-in, I was told that they had no King rooms. I get to my room and it is RIGHT next to the ice/vending (shared a wall). I politely requested a change and was given the MIRROR image room on the other side (I mean WTF how do you not KNOW what the room numbers mean as far as location). The clerk (Manny I think) was new and nice, but his manager was supposedly helping him with the change. I am pregnant and I was utterly exhausted so I'm sure my perception was worse than the reality of getting to my THIRD room (after waiting half an hour for them to find something) to find that although it was a beautiful KING room, it was RIGHT NEXT TO THE ELEVATOR. I gave up and just kept it.Next, I attempted to order room service. What WAS I thinking? I ordered plain mac and cheese because I needed to eat something before I went to bed and took my prenatal. Room service staff argued with me and attempted to charge me $12.95 (plus 20% gratuity AND $2.50 delivery fee o.O) for MACARONI AND CHEESE. My menu said $9.95. After politely requesting that they honor the stated price, the lady said she'd call me back. 45 minutes later, with no call back and no bloody food, I called. This time, I spoke to a manager who said he would take the $3 off. When the food finally arrived, the woman delivering it elbowed her way into my room demanding to see the menu--because I just made that price up. This is not a joke, folks.Well, that experience aside, I'd already put out my room service card for "continental breakfast" as I had to be up bright and early for the next day. My breakfast arrived right on time to their credit. It was about 4 oz of lukewarm oatmeal, a stale cherry danish and what tasted for all the world like freeze-dried coffee. For $14. That was the last time I ordered room service.The housekeeping staff is not subtle when they are put out. The first night I was exhausted as previously noted, and I didn't have cash so I didn't leave a housekeeping gratuity. I then decided that, since my stay is 4 days, I'd just leave it all at once. They apparently didn't like it as my room has been receiving less and less attention every day. My room was also mysteriously exceptionally hot last night--but that could've been me :). I'm feeling no tip forthcoming at this point even though I tend to tip between $7-12 per night depending on where I am. This experience has just been so awful, I don't know if I can spend another penny here.Finally, on the fourth day, I decided to try out the restaurants (my trauma over the room service and dinners with colleagues had kept me out of the hotel offerings previously). I chose this hotel because I knew the conference would be a lot and, again, at 7 months pregnant, I don't have the energy to be going places to find food. I was, yet again, disappointed. The Steakhouse, which I'd heard so much about, had an hour wait. I couldn't do it. Ling & Louie's (I think that's right) is asian fusion which I haven't been able to enjoy while pregnant, so I tried Cafe 24/7. This was a mistake. The hostesses were polite, friendly and exceedingly helpful. Everyone else===NIGHTMARE. My waitress took forever to bring my small order (pancakes and one egg) and when it arrived, the pancakes tasted like they'd been microwaved! I sent them back and waited another 25 minutes for a waffle which arrived lukewarm and already soggy in the middle with blueberries. It was better than the pancakes, I was starving and it was notw close to 9pm, so I just ate it and then commenced to wait another 12 minutes for my check. No manager came by to check on me, my water and coffee went un-filled and when I got up to pay at the checkout, I was ignored while three to four people placed to go orders. After I'd waited another 15 minutes or so to pay I made it to the front of the line; THEN, the female manager came over (I guess seeing all the good white folks behind me--If I lose you here, I'm sorry, but as a minority woman sometimes it feels like you're bloody invisible) and asked if she could help the next person in line!!!! She'd been standing behind the checkout counter the whole time and saw me standing there carrying my large purse/briefcase looking like I'm in bloody labor (I get braxton hicks contractions often in the evening now) and just ignored me. Bottom line: I, personally, will never visit this hotel again. I rarely post hotel reviews, but I felt it was necessary in this case because I this has been one of the worst hotel experiences that I've had.
5	Love the lounge, great music every time I've been here, although music typically doesn't start till well after time listed, although today maybe different. Met great people every time. No service in lounge area but the music makes it worth the wait and manual service. People at the bar are great.
4	Got a great deal on Orbitz for air, car and hotel and chose Wild Horse Pass as we like to visit casinos and it was halfway between one group of friends in Phoenix proper and other friends in Gold Canyon.  Plus it was near the outlet mall.  The hotel is beautifully decorated (especially the horse statue in the entry) and the room was great and included free water bottles. Also free WiFi.   All non-smoking rooms but they had a nice smoking veranda on the second floor that we frequented. Never got to use the pool but it looked like a nice area.We ate breakfast at the 24/7 Cafe a few times and their $3.95 special was well worth it.  Other options seemed a little pricey.  We drooled over their bakery case and finally bought some on the last day to take to our friends house as dessert after dinner.  Very good!  There is a food court where we used gambling comps for lunch one day.  I got a huge sandwich from Reuben's Deli while my husband went to Fatburger.  Other than that we didn't eat at any of the other restaurants.The casino was large and had a lot of machines but when they were running some specials it was hard to find an open machine as it seems a lot of locals come here.  Other times it was great and I even won a little - at least enough to keep me playing.  There was live music nightly in the lounge.  One night we went to the bar for Happy Hour.  There's always something going on at this place.There were ads for various entertainers in their showroom and the ticket prices seemed very reasonable.  Unfortunately nothing was scheduled during our visit.The hotel is centrally located for sightseeing and it would definitely be our #1 choice on a future visit.
4	I was here briefly for a work assignment (I'm a photographer) BUT if I could afford to stay here (I'm sure it's pricey) I would.  It's massive and gorgeous.  The location is out in the middle of nowhere, it's surrounded by nature and a golf course.  Everything from the ceiling to the bathrooms to the service and food I experienced, was fantastic!I really want to shout out to the kind of customer service we received. First, the place is huge so it's really easy to get lost, especially if you are looking for a specific place where an event is being held. The front desk people weren't really interested in helping but some lady pushing a cleaner cart took me pretty much all the way to where I needed.  Then when I got to the inside venue (we had cocktails outside, dinner/awards inside), the staff were still setting up the tables and adjusting the light and as a photographer, I was worried about how dark it was so they actually worked with me to get in the most low light they could!  As far as set up/decor/food, I was there for a railroad event and they did an amazing job with the table decor.  The centerpieces were well thought out, had little trains and gravel and the decor for the buffet was just as wonderful. Someone even took the time to create the company logo out of beans. The food was Southwestern themed, and very good.  There were more guests that was anticipated so some of us had to wait a while for a place to sit.  Since I was running around taking pictures, I was getting thirsty. I asked one of the ladies if I could grab a glass of water and she quickly found me a bottle of water.  I didn't stay here but I wish I would have. Just beautiful.  If you're looking for a fancy getaway in Phoenix I bet this would be a good place to start.If you're a photographer, the lighting indoors was hard to work with, especially to light up the room.  I'd highly recommend umbrella lights if you got them.  I had an external flash and a Fong, and faired well with tight shots but not wide shots. However, the outside venue served to be a great place for photos.  A little stream and bridge and lots of adobe look seating were a plenty!
3	For a casino in Phoenix, I'd have to say this is pretty decent. My game is blackjack and they have about 15 tables dedicated to it, with various game types as side bets but they pay 3/2 for blackjacks. 6 decks, and they don't allow you to pay on Ace splits, meaning you only get 1 card on each of your split aces. Dealers are overall very friendly. Some drinks are charged, but others are not, its very weird. I'm not getting anything fancy either. Other drinks are just bad.. I am not rating the hotel itself as I have never stayed, this is just the atmosphere, dealer friendliness/energy level, availability of games, and drinks. Tons of TV's here just like in Vegas.Overall 3 stars due to not the best drinks, not to mention waitresses pass by once in a blue moon, can't play on split aces.
4	The hotel is fantastic. First Class all the way. And I can't emphasize enough the sheer pleasure of complimentary bottles of water along with coffee and tea in the room! Our room was spotless, comfortable and well appointed. Comfortable bed and pillows is a huge plus The hotel itself is fairly new and very well designed. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The only downside was the casino. Very very crowded and the casino staff didn't seem to care that guests were playing multiple machines at once, leaving drinks and ashtrays on seats preventing us from really enjoying any of the experience. A little more attention to guest behavior in the casino might bring this to 5 stars.
2	Eh, not my cup of tea. We ate at Ling N Louie's and it smelled like smoke and we couldn't even sit on the patio - because the wait staff didnt want to go serve out there? Hmmm... All casinos usually reeks of smoke, but this was the worse yet. It seemed small and I got light headed frequently. I would rather go else where. Perhaps if I had more cocktails I wouldn't have noticed the smell, but the crowd wasn't my cup of tea either. Not a destination spot for me.
4	Had business meetings in Phoenix area and stayed at Wild Horse Pass for accommodations. Great place. Rooms are really nice, modern and roomie. The casino is fun and they have a decent selection of places to eat. The 24hr cafe has a great selection and really priced well. The drinks in the casino was expensive tho. Got a grey goose and tonic that was $7.25. The pool looked great.  The hotel lobby was impressive with this huge horse sculpture. The only downside was there wasn't really anything in walking distance.There were some outlet stores but try walking there in 95degree heat. So you would probably need a car to explore anywhere outside of the hotel casino. But overall I would recommend and will visit again.
2	It was a small stinky casino. You have to bet high. Even penny's, I couldn't find anything cheaper than 40cents a spin. I came out smelling like smoke bad my hair and clothes. I ended up Going down the street to Lone Butte and it was better.
5	I have fun here. Love the encore lounge and the bands are almost always awesome especially Shining Star Band!  Shula's is mosy awesome..great service and fantastic food.
5	I bought a groupon for Wild horse Casino because my boyfriend, who had just finished US Marine Corps Officer Candidate School, was returning right before the 4th of July weekend. I wanted a special night for the both of us. In a bad turn of events, a dust storm hit the valley and he was diverted to Tuscon-- and was not able to make it home that night. I called the hotel, told them my circumstances, and they were so understanding-- they rescheduled our reservation for the next night. They even saved my welcome home balloon that I had left in the original room! I could not believe the lengths they all went through to make our experience unforgettable. Chantelle and Hazel are incredible employees! We will definitely be back for the simple reason that their customer service is unmatched.  Their rooms are also wonderful too :)
2	The room was nice, however the walls are VERY thin. We were woken up at 12:15am by some noisy neighbors playing loud music who are clearly unfamiliar with the term, "indoor voices." I had to call the front desk twice for assistance. Finally quiet again at 1:30am. The pool was basic, nothing fancy. The casino was fun but very crowded. We might go back if another Groupon is available, but we would never pay full price.
1	As soon as you walk in the front, the place is filled with smoke.  If you don't know where to go or try to ask a question, they point you to the direction. Like I'm supposed to know where the heck I'm going. Atmosphere definitely not friendly. When you go in, it felt like the main purpose was just to win money. I get that but you gotta have some fun. I was going with a group of friends and had a great time but once I lost where they were, I played a few games and was ready to get out. Staff unfriendly and guests were just as rude. Maybe a full moon was out and everyone was in a bad mood including the employees. When given another chance to go again, I'll try but don't really want to. Would not recommend this to anyone.
3	Came to Arizona for a weekday vacation, my boyfriend chose Wild Horse Casino for our home sweet home. Reception staff was friendly and accommodating, and understanding of our unfortunately Groupon situation.We booked the Cabana during our stay, such a nice touch. Host set a bucket filled with ice & water bottles. Came by multiple times to check on us!Through out the day we would leave explore Arizona, come back to retreat in our room, upon arriving the casino doors, we've had a different security member greet us. Some are nice, some carded us, and one was down right rude to us, gave us a really nasty attitude.For the most part we did enjoy our stay, not a fan of the security staff at the entrance though.
1	Be careful here. You don't have any rights due to this being a Indian casino. This place took my mom winning away from her. My mom went to dinner there with a girl friend and after went and played a slot. After about 30 minutes of play a casino employee came over and asked for her ID. Once the employee had her ID he told her that she needed to come with him. After ask him why several times he finally answered. They said some lady had money in the machine my mom was playing. Witch I don't get why if someone had money in a machine why would you walk away from it? My mom put $40 in and after 30 minutes got it up to $200. Once they got into some room they took her to. They gave her two options witch were give the money back, or they would arrest her. My mom has never been in trouble and was very scared. This place must be going broke if they need to scare little old lady's and take them in a mafia style back room and press her to give the money she won far and square. Shame on you. If you want to go to a place that will make u give back the money you won and were you have no rights then go to this casino.
4	I came here for a staycation and couldn't be happier. The room is fabulous and the hotel exceeds my expectations.  Food court is a hot mess. Eat before you get here.
1	This place is crappy. I spent almost an hour getting here.  I left my wallet in the truck (so i don't spend too much money)  after I find a machine and sit down (about fifteen twenty minutes) the security came up and asked to see my ID,and since i left it in the truck I didn't have it.   Instead of just letting me go get it I was told to leave,   and then while waiting for my friends they wouldn't stop harassing me. They said to wait for my friends in valet, so i did, and a few minutes later. They came out to the valet, and continued to harass me. I ended up calling my friends and telling them I'd be at the gas station actors the streetWe came here just to have some fun,and celebrate my birthday which do far has not really been fun, and little aggravating
5	Love it here. . Win a little. . Drink a little. .dance a lot. Love the bands! I like to support local bands and this place doesn't disappoint!
4	Pretty nice hotel and casino. I got a great rate on the room. Only complaint is the beds are not all that comfortable and there was no toothpaste in the room. Seeing as I sleep on a Tempurpedic at home the bed thing is expected, but having to make a rush into town for toothpaste wasn't. I will be back in the area next month and I will likely stay here again.
5	Hotel is beautiful, rooms have comfortable beds, desk, smart tv, and free internet. The casino is right downstairs, lots of nice restaurants, we like 24/7 cafe and a nice coffee bar near the lobby. Pool has nice lounge chairs and gazebos. Outlet stores within walking distance and Rawhide right down the street. Will definitely stay again.
3	Casino give your money away! It's awesome! Typical Arizona casino nothing special easy access off freeway.
1	Wow.  I think I might need therapy after this visit.  So much dark material for a movie script.  Run away.
1	Walls are paper thin. Will never stay here again. You can hear people in hallway and their conversations, and people in the next room. It sounded like a pig was being slaughtered. At 1:30 am. No rest. Rooms very cold like a walk in refrigerator. Thermostat didn't work. Finally turned off fan and a/c. Still super cold.
3	Ok, so I went dancing here on Saturday at the Chrome and danced non-stop for 4 hours straight -- I kid you not.  And yes, my feet still hurt.  The music started out with remixed 70's and 80's -- same beat over and over again but as the evening progressed the music progressed until finally we made it to 2014!  Would I recommend; yes but go later than I did so you can dance yourself through multiple decades quickly.  A definite plus was there was no smoking allowed unlike in the casino itself which reeks of smoke.  This casino is still one of the classier ones in Arizona so all in all I would recommend it,
4	Here on a mini mid-week staycation. The room is clean, modern and the hotel has always been non smoking, so no scent of smoke abounds.  This may not be the Mirage or Palms Place in Vegas but it is decent for Arizona standards.  Just wish you could play real craps here but apparently the tribes did not negotiate craps and roulette in the compacts with the state. Guess that is good news for Las Vegas. Anyway, back to the staycation. We hope to win a lot of money.
4	If you want to have fun at a casino. .this is the right place.  Dont expect to win all the time. .but you may be surprised.
2	We stayed here 4 weeknights on the off season and left somewhat dissatisfied.The good:The Hotel is very clean and decorated well. We were upgraded to a room with a balcony for no additional charge. The room was very modern. The bathroom was large and the climate control was easy to use. The swimming pool was fabulous. We spent about 2 hours each afternoon in the pool area. They have a nice bar with reasonably priced drinks and food, and the people are friendly. There is WIFI in the rooms for free, and the exercise room is nice. The bad:The walls in our room were the thinnest I have ever experienced. The people in the room next to us were having a normal conversation at around 10pm and we could hear every single word of it. They weren't yelling, they were talking at a normal inside voice level. We could hear them urinating in the toilet, watching Jeopardy, and then saying goodnight to each other. We whispered whenever we talked in our room. I could not believe a "4-star hotel" had this kind of issue. Luckily there was no one in the room next to us for 3 out of the 4 nights.There are many obvious amenities taken away in order to maximize their profits. There is no refrigerator in the room. I called and asked if any rooms had refrigerators and they told me it was 10 dollars a night for a small fridge. This is so you buy all your drinks in the casino. The TV was a modern 42" flat screen TV with 30 channels, no channel guide and no HD service. The movies to purchase are in excess of 15 dollars each. They disable all the HDMI ports on the TV's so you can't cheat and wire in your laptop. They want you to be as bored as possible in your room so you leave and spend your money in the Casino. The idea of this alone pissed me off. Housekeeping comes at different times every day and if you ask them to come back later so you can throw some clothes on really quick they will not come back. I called 4 times in an 8 hour period requesting housekeeping and they never showed up.I will probably not be staying here again.
4	Close to the outlets.  The bar near the pool is awesome.
5	The bartender Samantha is the absolute best! She gave great service. She was super friendly, fun, and professional. She made my experience there a lot of fun.
4	This review is only for the casino and it was super busy being a saturday night when I went. My first visit there I had called ahead and was told free slot play and free buffet for new members. Me being out of town I did this at another casino last time I was in town and got free slot play and free buffet, so this time when I went I wanted to check this casino out. No buffet and no free food. I did get free slot play twice because before midnight if I earned 10 points I got another $10 in free slot play which was cool. I decided to try blackjack for my first time while I was here and the dealer was alone at the table and was SO nice and very helpful. I actually won too when I left the table with more money than I started.Parking was pretty darn good. Wish there was a free food benefit for new people like the casino in Maricopa. And of course I wish I had more luck on the slots as I did the night before in Maricopa. And I wish the hotel was cheaper its soo expensive or I would have stayed here.
5	We went for the Kansas concert. The venue was a little on the small size but it worked very well. It sounded a. Amazing but did not go overboard on how loud it is.
3	Nice Casino for Phoenix. Came on a Saturday night and was irritated that half the cash and voucher machines weren't working. Pain waiting 5 to 10 minutes at the machines to cash out vouchers. Also, place is way too small for the amount of people that were there. Basically every slot was occupied and you had to wait long periods to play. They did give us $20 in free slot play which was a nice bonus, just took forever to get to use it. Neutral as to whether I'll be back.
3	I've only been here twice (haven't stayed at the hotel), but it's pretty good. Everything is clean and the dealers and such have always been really nice. It's right next to a really cool outdoor outlet mall, so that can be good if you need a place to spend your winnings. The food court is decent. It has fast food joints you don't see a lot of out in the world. The people there were very nice and you get a good amount of food for your money. There are a few sit-down places too, a swanky one upstairs and a casual one on the casino floor. I haven't tried them. My one major complaint is that there's no craps! At all! Talking Stick and Casino Arizona at least have the automated ones--but you won't find that here. I suppose that only matters is that's Your Game. If it isn't, you won't miss it and you'll be pretty happy there. Go check it out.
4	We always enjoy coming to this casino once a year for a little bit of fun. I always end up on the slot machines while the hubs will play a round of poker. The only thing that confuses me is that in Vegas there are waitresses walking around getting you drinks. I have not seen that here and don't know if they even do it. We can still have fun even if we're not drinking, though. ;)
2	I lost a lot of money but it has nothing to do with my review. The casino is big and spacious. The room was surprisingly nice and spacious as well. Zero complaints there. It was a terrible stay because room service knocked in the door at 8am!  I told them come back, they knocked on the door at 9am!  WTF!!??  They told me checkout was at 12noon!  I was so irritated!  When I stay at hotels and resorts I don't want to be bothered or woken up early in the morning. My GF was embarrassed. I will never return because I felt like I was being rushed out of there.
2	2.5-Stars is more than fair! But I am rounding down for this place. Had a night here and at first glance it's a pretty good looking place to stay. The decor is fresh, modern, and very tasteful. Kinda like a desert mirage it was all just in my imagination...The check-in experience was very disappointing as they seemed confused on just about everything and how to process our stay. One manager was on a call with an angry guest-- that was clue #1. Besides the to be expected rank odor of stale cigarettes throughout the place, what I noticed almost immediately was the low grade materials and workmanship everywhere!!! The paper-thin walls are no joke! You can hear everything near, above, and below. Every voice, cough, grunt, and sound will be magnified in all directions. Then if you turn the A\C on in the room it will sound much like a freight train passing by...While I am grateful there was a mattress cover on the bed, it felt like a heavy weight plastic bag used in a geriatric facility. Nothing like rolling over on plastic. Loved the style of the bathroom just wish the water pressure matched the strength of the design. Here's what I would leave you to consider-- it's cheap and fairly nice, just not as nice as it looks!! If you go to a Motel 6, you know exactly what to expect, however when you come here you may be dissatisfied once you realize everything you see is just too good to be true! If you're drunk and exhausted, you won't even notice the noise or cheap construction...Stay at your own risk, just beware every sound and noise you make will be heard and noted by all of your neighbors.
