5	Jade is my favorite sushi spot in Charlotte. The sushi is GREAT. I have two immediate favorites that are original creations from Jade, the Village Roll (Ballantyne Village that is) and a Cherry blossom roll. I have had similar rolls across the country... but there is something extra special about the sauce they use and the overall presentation.It is the best place to take a client for lunch if the quality of the food and a quiet atmosphere are what you need. It is never too busy (yet).
4	This is the best sushi I have come across in Charlotte since leaving New York, which is a pretty bold statement. If you go here, you have to order the cherry blossom roll, it is fantastic. It's nice here because if you are with some people who maybe aren't into sushi, they have a ton of other dishes to choose from since it's asian fusion style. I've been here twice so far and have sampled a decent amount of rolls and starters, and you really can't go wrong. For all you tofu fans, get the crispy tofu to start - very good. The inside decor is really cool, and they have an outdoor seating area as well. If you dine outside you can hear the music from the village bistro downstairs, which is great if they have live music (they normally do.) Only one small glitch when we were there the last time: it was during the week, they had free tables but told us we still had to wait twenty minutes, because they didn't have enough servers. They didn't expect it to get as busy as it did, which actually isn't really a bad thing! PS -- they have a private room for parties or meetings with a big flat screen mounted on the wall.
4	This place has some real flare to it.  I really liked the whole atmosphere, it was fancy but not too fancy if that makes any sense.  The food was awesome.  Very fresh and flavorful, and the price wasn't all that bad compared to some other places I've been to.  The waitress was really friendly and really knew what she was talking about when she told us about all the dishes.  Everything was really nicely presented too, which I really enjoyed.
4	The Sushi Review Jade Asian Fusion Cool Spot - Good Sushi Following in the urban trends of popular theme restaurants, this scenic Ballantyne hot-spot often doubles as a nightclub after hours. That was the circumstance by which I familiarized myself with the entire area. I attended a Russian party there that was topnotch. As per usual, I decided to go back to try the sushi with my divochka (baby-girl). I thought we were in a little trouble at first because of the slightly inadequate service and my mojito which contained so much mint it resembled a glass filled with sprite and collard greens. But we quickly got past that when the sushi arrived because it was hitting and sticking on point like as if we had been wishing for collard greens and chicken outdoors at a barbecue. The "soundboy" roll (tempura philly) was adequate but the spicy yellow-tail was first rate. Sit outside if it is warm and order a California red, they have a pretty good selection. It's not cheap, but what is in that neighborhood. Overall I say check it out. And if they start moving the tables for a party - stay. You will thank me.
4	The atmosphere is really nice here...urban and exciting and clean. It's a great place for a date...maybe even a first date, when you're looking to make a great first impression (or any early date...the kind you still shave for...you know what I mean, ladies.)The food is great, and the prices are quite reasonable. It's a great place to take folks who aren't thrilled with the idea of sushi, as Alessandra S suggests, as the menu is pretty diverse and there are a lot of other options.This place has quite a bit of "cool" capital right now, so go out, Yelp about it, and brag to your friends about how chichi you are.
3	Bleh.If this is the best sushi in Charlotte, my god. They only have uni on Friday and Saturday, a good sign that this is not a place that is serious about fish and doesn't draw in people serious about fish.This is a breed of silly asian fusion for people who do not care about authenticity and doesn't realize the food could be so much better. Sure the food is served in a place that is overly dark and features neon and service was friendly enough, but geesh.The table ordered a bit of this and that - the dim sum starter looked and tasted like it was from costco, the maki were buried in gooey sauces, etc.  The waiter referred to our sashimi as sushi, also not a good sign.
4	So we recently moved to Charlotte from San Diego where we were used to having sushi places on every corner.  In our search so far Jade is easily the best in town.  Very fresh, some interesting roll options in addition to the old standards, and very affordable.  The rest of the menu looked very good but we stuck to the sushi.  Service was nice and the place has a much higher end look than the prices on the menu.Highly recommend and we will go back often!
3	I'm having a hard time deciding between 3 and 4 stars. On one hand, my dining partner and I really enjoyed the four rolls we got, but on the other hand, we were hard pressed to find something that wasn't fried, covered in tempura flakes, or stuffed with tempura coated protein. We ordered the 4 seas naruto, the samurai, the super crunchy, and the cherry blossom. The thing I liked about Jade was that the chefs take a common concept but change maybe one or two things about the roll to make it just a tiny bit different.  I really appreciated the 4 seas naruto: it was four types of seafood wrapped in a thin layer of cucumber with no sticky rice. It was clean and refreshing. I think I probably could've eaten eleventy billion of those pups. The samurai was pretty commonplace but with the traditional tobiko replaced with black caviar. The super crunchy, well, we've had a million super crunchies by now, but I liked the fact that it was coated in crisp rice in place of panko or tempura flakes. The cherry blossom was recommended to us by our server, but we ultimately decided it didn't really feel like sushi. I liked that it was wrapped in soy bean, but other than that, it seemed way too safe.I wouldn't necessarily say I'm a sushi purist, but I am growing a little concerned that sushi in the South is becoming synonymous with tempura and fried (but then again, doesn't the South pride itself on frying EVERYTHING?).One thing I'd recommend trying here is the Fuji Moon. It's a Blue Moon with a splash of apple sake. Beer+sake usually means my college drinking buddies and I are up to no good, but this beverage was really comforting during our late night bite.So, today Jade Asian, I'll give you 3 stars. I'd give you 4, but I'm pretty stingy.
4	I'm a huge fan of sushi and this place by far is your best choice in south Charlotte. They offer traditional sushi rolls, including more exotic choices like young octopus and sea urchin. There are several raw choices on the menu as well, all are extremely fresh and high quality. They also have a very creative menu of custom rolls. Try the cherry blossom, it's delish.  Their sake menu is also fairly priced.I also cannot stress how important this is, they offer real wasabi, not green dyed horseradish (the wasabi found at most cheap sushi places). Makes a huge difference.My wife a vegetarian also loves this place, they have several Asian inspired noodle/rice dishes as well.
4	I love Jade here, they have things can you not possibly even get other asian Sushi restaurants. I love their Tom Yum Soup, it's the right amount of spiciness to it. There's something that I always order that's not even on the menu. It's called a Volcano salad. It has seaweed, cucumber, with spicy mayo, masago, and scallops and crabmeat. Oh my goodness it's just so delicious. Their kalbi is pretty good, could be charred a bit more. And their desserts are so delicious, they have this one amazing dessert called the Chocolate Trilogy. It's a mousse with the three different layers of chocolate mousse. And they have this amazing bartenders, that does the most creative shots. I can't wait to visit their sister restaurant 18
4	An awesome sushi experience! Very diverse menu and great eel!
4	Great place to eat!  Again, if you know how to eat gluten-free, there's plenty to order off the menu.  Prices were about average, service was good, and the place was clean and welll-lit.
5	I was in town for a business trip, and although I'm from NC, I was skeptical of sushi in the south. Turns out Jade had some of the best sushi I've ever had. We ordered about 20 different rolls, and I wasn't disappointed by a single one of them.The one minus was that the waiter spilled sauce on my coworker's shirt, but hey, accidents happy. I'll sacrifice his shirt for some more Jade sushi any day!
5	We are big sushi fans and this is our spot for the best soft shell crab(spider roll).  We like the outdoor seating on a summer night.
4	I'll give this place a solid 4 stars.  My friends and I just came from a spin class at the Y, so we were still in workout clothes and stuff, but were stopped in our tracks when we walked in and realized this place is actually a little fancy.  The hostess was really nice and we asked them to stick us in a corner but we got a regular table anyway.I had the miso soup, house salad with ginger dressing, cherry blossom roll, and the super crunch roll.  A really great meal after spin class - I was so hungry.  Also had a glass of wine...  definitely left this place full and satisfied.Their cherry blossom roll lived up to the hype:  shrimp tempura, salmon, avacado, wrapped in soy paper... oh so good.  Definitely want to come back soon - maybe not all sweaty from cycle class though....
5	The rice-less rolls here are really good. Very light and tasty.
2	For my daughter's Birthday she wanted to go shopping and get sushi. I'm not a huge sushi fan but I'm coming around. I do however love noodles! We decided to try Jade because of the review we've read.The service was good but there was only 3 other tables in use at the time. Location is great. I guess we should have suspected something when we heard beach music coming out the sound system.The table started with Edamame. It was fine. My daughter said the Miso soup was OK (she has had better). The Rainbow Roll was good by my standards but the others said it was just OK. The rolls did not stay together like they should have. A sign that they did not know how to roll sushi or just didn't care. Either way that should tell the owners they should take a long hard look at their staff. The Jonah Roll, I believe it was, was very good. The Udon Noodle was terrible! It tasted like dirty dish water that  someone put a lot of fish sauce in to hide the fact it was dish water! The Pad Thai had no flavor at all! I am usually not this harsh but on top of the food being less than mediocre, we were all sick the rest of the day! What a way to spend your Birthday! We will never go back there again!!
5	Definitely definitely favorite lunch place! Crispy toufu is GREATstarter choice. Sushis are fresh and taste great. I love the cherry blossom roll and rainbow roll and anything with avocado. Spicy tuna roll is great too. Avocado salad is another rockstar! Love love it! I sometimes went there for dinner too. The soft shell crab and the duck dish are my fav fav dishes! Big Love Jade! Keep it up!
5	The best sushi roll in Charlotte can be found here. It is called the King Toro Roll. It melts in your mouth. The Cherry Blossom, the establishments signature roll, is awesome as well.But if you go here, you will be doing yourself  disservice if you miss the King Toro Roll. It is $15.95, and the price point made me pass it up a couple of times. Then I tried it. Amazing. If they raised the price to $30, I would still buy it.The spot is perfect for lunch if you work in the Ballantyne area, and a great place to go on a date. The interior reminds me somewhat of a upscale restaurant in the 60's.If there are non-sushi fans in your group, they offer a menu full of alternative foods with a little bit of everything you would expect from an Asian fusion type establishmentIf you go and try it, just remember to thank me later!
5	Great place! It was really nice inside. I had a seat outdoors on a beautiful day in April so it made my experience that much better! Their Moscato is wonderful! (Thursday's they offer 1/2 price bottles of wine!!) The sushi was delicious. I'm your typical sushi eater though (California rolls, spicy tuna, salmon rolls, etc) so I don't know if my opinion will be applicable to those who are well rehearsed in the sushi game, but I can't imagine the more complex sushi arrangements being any less delicious. I will definitely return (but I will look for another server....I did not include my service quality in my rating as I didn't think it was fair to the quality of food I received)
1	I ate here two weeks ago.  The sushi was mediocre, we had a restaurant.com gift certificate, my bill was 3$ short, so I offered to either take 22$ off instead of 25$, or buy something else, they made a scene and wouldn't let me.  They also wouldn't take the 10$ one I had as well.  I won't ever eat here again, there are other places  to go with better sushi and much better service.
4	I had lunch for the first time at Jade. It is beautifully decorated inside but since it wasn't too hot, we opted to sit outside. My co-worker ordered the Teriakyi chicken  (with broccoli and carrots) served with brown rice  & a spring roll.  I ordered the garlic chicken (with broccoli, red bell pepper, mushroom, baby corn & water chestnuts) and brown rice. Plus, my dish also came with a spring roll.  The chicken was good - thin tenderloins cooked just right in a light garlic sauce.  It had a nice flavor but was not overwhelmingly garlicky.  At lunch, this dish is just  $7 - what a deal!  The food was really good - veggies were fresh and not overcooked.  The service only so-so, but for really good food at a really good price, that can be overlooked! I will definitely be going back.
2	GOOD ROLLS, but not much else.OK, Jade had 2 weaknesses right in its name: the word "Asian" and the word "Fusion."  Basically, neither is a coherent description of any type of food.  A word to the wise: when you see either in the name of a restaurant, then They Have Won.Next, the sushi.  I ordered a chef's sampler of nigiri.  You know, omakase (a word unknown to the wait staff), which is supposed to demonstrate your chef's agility and creativity.  I got only 8 nigiri in only 4 types.  The nigiri were meager, gracelessly cut, and tasted nearly all the same regardless of the fish.  I can remember that one was salmon (because of the orange color and a slight taste variation) and another was tuna (gassed-tomato red)  but that's all.  I was left with a kind of post-traumatic stress disorder afterward, convinced I had lost my tastebuds until I returned to the Bay Area.  I ordered unagi just after in order to make sure I wasn't losing my mind.The meal was redeemed with some kind of spider roll-type maki made with a fried soft-shell crab.  They did this one well, maybe because of the fried element.  I guess at least I left full.
1	Yucky, I am totally reversing my previous review of this place because I just saw in the paper that these guys had a really low Health Inspection score.  They got a 78 plus 2 education points bringing their overall score to 80!  I think it is difficult to get that low a score in Mecklenburg County. http://charmeck.org/MECKLENBURG/COUNTY/HEALTHDEPARTMENT/FODDFACILITIES/Pages/default.aspxDue to the issues (a long list of 48!!)  listed in the score, I'll certainly not be eating there again anytime soon.For a "nice" place like this, I expect much better!
5	best Asian food in town! I will definitely go back and visit again!
5	Love this place - try their blossom roll, also their curry dished are amazing.  Been there a number of times and always good service and food.
4	My friends and I are obsessed with the Cherry Blossom roll!  Thursday night is half off bottles of wine also!  Jade is defintiely one of my go to restaurants.
2	Weak attempt at creative cuisine. I like Asian fusion however this place falls short. The sushi is minor league. The ambiance is cafeteria-like. The service staff is very unpolished. I ordered several items including the pad Thai. The pad Thai sucked. It was deeply and heavily saturated with lots of fat cooking oil. Yuck.I ordered hot tea with my meal. I was served a cup of warm water and a tea bag. That should tell you all you need to know about this place.And the waiters are really just a bunch of guys who wandered in off the street. Not professionals.I won't be going back to Jade Asian Fusion for any more meals. However, I will be frequenting the cafe downstairs from Jade. It is named the Terrace Cafe and it is amazingly wonderful on every level!
4	Fairly legitimate attempt at American food with a dab of the orient.  I came here with my family after a weeks worth of Christmas gluttony and their food really hit the spot.  The portions are generous and the food is not greasy or heavy.  We were able to bring home leftovers to eat for lunch the next day!I got the chicken curry dish and was a tad bit disappointed to see dry curry vs. my beloved soupy curry.  I wished either the menu or the waiter specified (although I guess it makes sense for an Asian fusion joint).  I was also a little disappointed that there was no complimentary starter for the meal.  Bread would have been nice since we waited awhile for our food.
5	This is my second time here for lunch absolutely no disappointments either time. Great food and service
3	Went last night with my sweetie to eat sushi prior to watching a movie at the Ballantyne theater.  We have been here before and thought it was OK.  The hostesses are very ho hum here and not very welcoming at all.  Nothing bother me more than having two kids working the stand and making it like there's a 3 hour wait and there's hardly anyone sitting down.The service, I will say was very attentive and our waiter did a great job of serving us.  He was well tipped even though I thought our meal was mediocre.The sushi was forgettable and tasted "plastic" and was without much flavor.  The Cherry Blossom which used to be the best roll was very bland and lacked flavor.This whole complex seems like it has to cut corners and sacrifices on food quality.  I tend to think they pay a lot of rent there and have to cut food costs to compensate.  This is my opinion only.
4	Consistently a good choice for sushi. Not the best in the world but always fresh. There signature rolls are pretty creative and usually taste great. Hip atmosphere and a great place to have a few drinks and some rolls
2	I ate here last night and I was very disappointed.  The food was average, but the service left me thinking this restaurant was much worse than it most likely was.  When I first sat down, I was excited about the dinner.  The deck view was great, the hostess was friendly, and the waiter was at the table with water almost immediately, but things went downhill after that.  I ordered the calamari app and noticed immediately there was a pubic hair in the middle of the peppers.  After waiting for over 5 minutes for the waiter to come back, I asked another waiter to go and find him.  When he came back and I showed it to him, he pulled it out, inspected it, said "hmm" and walked off without an apology.  The sushi, which was ordered at the same time as the app, took over 30 minutes to get to the table and it was average.  When the check came, the waiter dropped it off, and once again never apologized about the pubic hair.  When he came to get my card, I jokingly asked him if there was not some sort of discount for having to deal with that and he looked at me very seriously and said "yes, I took off the app".  I was shocked and when he came back with the bill, he let me know that the manager gave me a 10% discount and took off the app.  At this point I was ready to leave, but I did point out that I didn't eat any of the app because it had a pubic hair, not a regular hair, in it so that was to be expected.  As I stated, the food was average, but the slow and service and lack of apology and concern made this much worse.
1	It's a miracle if this place ever gets an order right. We've easily been here over 20 times, and I'd be willing to say 75% of the time the order is just wrong. Forgetting sauce? Done. Forgetting 2 salads? Done. Three times. Forgetting sushi? Done. Hairs in the food? Done. Four times. When they don't mess up, the sushi is all right. Definitely not the best I've tried. What really bothers me is the staff, though. The staff has some "We work at Jade. We're special" attitude. I walked in for a pickup order, told them I was there, waited 15 more minutes, asked where it was, and the woman who was busy talking to her friend said "Oh..this one?", picking up a bag that had been there the whole times. Yes that one. Excuse me for wanting to pick up my order and pay absurd prices. The prices are very expensive, you can easily run up $40.00 for 2 people. On another occasion, we received a hair in our food. The waiter didn't seem to care. Cleanliness is also a HUGE problem here. Recently, Jade received a B from the State of North Carolina during a health inspection. As most people know, almost every restaurant gets an A, but this place pulled off a B. The bathrooms are also disgusting. Plumbing is literally falling out of the wall. This place isn't even that old. Unacceptable.Jade is in such a great location, and disappoints me every time. The staff is some of the rudest I have ever  encountered, and I would never recommend it to anybody else.
2	Rolls have been better and service was good today. 1 star back.
4	Today's visit was good!Yellowtail roll and Ikura were both great quality and portion size, and they use the good kind of ginger, not the artificial tasting pink stuff.  I think the owner/manager was who made my rolls.  Place was clean.  I was the only one there, but that's because they were closing in a half hour.I will visit and review this place again soon.
1	We arrived at Jade on Sunday evening.  The restaurant didn't seem too busy, but we were not greeted by a hostess.  Instead a waiter rushed us to our table.  After getting somewhat settled, one of the waiters brought us glasses of water.  However, the water ended up falling all over the table and us.  Our laps were soaked.  The waiter apologized and changed our table, but that was the only gesture that was made to improve our experience (e.g., no manager was on site to speak with us, we were not offered any complimentary items, we were not compensated for any portion of our meal).  Service for the rest of the dinner was mediocre at best, and while we tried to wait to place our order and to request the check, we had to seek his attention multiple times.Maybe this was off night but this makes no excuse to have such shoddy service and to not have a system in place to help make the consumer's experience more enjoyable.  As a side note, I thought the food was decent (3.5 stars), but I would never come back.
3	The ONLY reason JADE doesn't get 4 or 5 stars is because of the RUDE bartender who wouldn't take my drink order and I sat in his face for 30minutes, he even took the order of people behind me (I was the only brown face at the bar).The FOOD is definitely 4-5 stars, my family and I usually order take-out and enjoy at home because after eating it we are tired ;-)The Sexy Salmon Roll and the Seafood Curry are both the BEST...
1	I've been to Jade several times and always hope for a better experience.  Doesn't seem to happen!  The servers are rude most of the time.  There was one occasion the guy who was serving us gave us our check but forgot to change the insulting name he gave our table.  He said it was a joke with the bartender and was not apologetic whatsoever. I should have stopped my business that time but it is convenient and the food is very good but I am pretty sure I'm done giving it another try.
1	So Thursday, March 21st, we went there for Sushi since this is what my daughter wanted for her birthday dinner. We get there were a bit late at 6:15 for our reservation. The place was not that busy, but we were a party of four with a child and they wanted to put us in a booth with no highchair. Not that big of a deal but we saw several larger tables that they said were spoken for larger parties. We were there for over 2 hrs and no one ever sat at the larger tables. It wasn't that big of a deal but they said that they only had a couple of high chairs in the entire restaurant and that both were unaccounted for at the moment. We later found out that someone had taken one of the highchairs outside and it was on the balcony. Our waited Bryan, excellent!! He comes from a family of 6 mostly female so he knew when he saw my husband and myself and 2 girls exactly how to treat the girls. Great guy very personable. On to the food. We spent right at 170.00 on the three of us that were eating. The baby (3yrs. old didn't really eat much....rice) we ordered from the sushi menu and had 4 rolls, Cherry Blossom, Rock and Roll, Jewelry Box, (2) Dragon Egg, Ballantyne Roll, Lime Rickey Shrimp, Rice and Chicken Bowl, another coconut shrimp with a honey sauce ?? and another roll. The food tasted good, but the aftermath was horrible. We all got sick. Today, Saturday morning at 8:15 am I am still sick with a stomach ache and upset stomach from some type of food poisoning or bad sushi. My whole family with the exception of our small child got sick. I have not felt this bad after eating sushi ever. We LOVE sushi and eat it on a regular basis. We had not been to Jade lately, but she specifically asked for Jade for her birthday. NOW, here comes the BEST part!!! WE have NEVER EVER called and spoke with anyone about a negative experience we have encountered! My husband called and spoke Shaun (the Manager) and he said he would have to call back. He spoke with his chef and called back and said the only thing we could possibly have gotten sick from was the soft shell crab. NOW, IF YOU TELL ME THERE IS A POSSIBILITY THAT I GOT SICK  AT YOUR RESTAURANT and then you offer the price of that entree which was $12.95 and another $7.00 for good measure. ARE YOU INSANE!!!!!!! We spent $170.00. VERY BIG MISTAKE!!!     My father and grandparents had owned restaurants for 50 yrs. My sister and brother-in-law now have taken over one of the restaurants, my other brother owns another restaurant, I come from a family of restauranteurs. I know what good service is and I know how hard people in the restaurant industry work. I worked in the restaurant business in college and now my daughter works in the restaurant business for spending money through college. I come from this industry in my blood, I know how to treat people and how to make them happy and feel self worth. Did I also mention that almost all of the workers that started with my family continued to work there until retirement.  This alone speaks volumes about how you treat people!! ESPECIALLY OUR CUSTOMERS. You treat them with kindness and respect, something Shaun does not know anything about in this day and age of trendy places with BAD FOOD!!!!!!!!!!!! MY ADVICE STAY AWAY FROM JADE RESTAURANT!! I wish I would have come on here and read the reviews about the poor sanitation of the restaurant before we came here. However, I have never really read food blogs or critiques on restaurants. This was worthy though of my pen and ink!
3	I came to Jade to meet a friend for dinner before we went to see a movie.  It was pretty dead even for a weekday evening, but the waiter we had was really nice. I ordered the gyoza and some sushi.  Based on that I'd given them a solid 3 stars. However the service, and the ambiance of the restaurant is really nice.  I'll be very interested in returning to try some of their non sushi dishes as I'm sure they are probably very good. It won't be a go to place for sushi but hopefully since I don't foresee myself leaving the area anytime soon the regular dishes are great because I know I'll be back to check it out!!
1	The first time I tried to order from here the online menu wouldn't load, so I called to ask if they had any tempura. The lady on the phone replied "Tempura....?" In a very confused to which I replied, "you know, shrimp or veggies?" She said "uhhh" so I thanked her and decided to go elsewhere. Just this past Saturday I decided to try again.  I called to ask how many pieces were in the shrimp and veggies tempura appetizer - she said 5, however there were 3.  I ordered two of those, and they only put one of them in my bag.  She also refused to take my cash because she "already counted down the register" when though they were still open for an hour and a half longer.The food wasn't bad, but the attitude of the staff, and their lack of knowledge of their menu is enough of a deal breaker for me.
4	OK. This place is close by and I have been there at least 10 times. It is about time I leave them a review.Their food is good and they have a good variety of "Asian" foods. My favorite is the Thai style chicken, which comes with noodles, basil leaves, onions, spices, awesome sauce and obviously chicken (or any other type of meat you want)The one interesting thing I noticed about them is if you go there in the evenings, you see a lot of really buffed out guys. Perhaps they are bouncers in the clubs at night and do this during the afternoon. IDK, it's just funny to see so many big guys in one place serving food!Prices are not too high and rather fair for what you get, which is a lot of food.Check them out. Hope my review helps.
4	As a sushi connoisseur, I believe Jade serves some of the best sushi in Charlotte. It is fresh and has exceptional flavor--however, it is also a tad pricey. Even still, the cost is worth it, as their cherry blossom rolls are to die for.
2	Unmemorable. If I had to sum up my experience overall at Jade, it would be just that, unmemorable. To start, the waiter was very unfriendly and a bit into himself. Although the hostess was very friendly and attentive (I think the waiter should cross train). There was a really loud group of people who really ruined my dining experience. I would have thought that management would have asked them to lower the noise. I feel old when I say that but honestly, it was SO obnoxious! The sushi itself was OK but not worth running back to. I would still consider driving farther out to another area of Charlotte even though this is a very short distance to where I live.
3	Point blank...they have good sushi. The quality of the ingredients, the variety of rolls, and the quality of the rolls (i.e. how tightly rolled, etc.) is all good. Definitely better than some of the other sushi restaurants near the Ballantyne area. The ambience is decent as well. Not great, but definitely doesn't have a negative impact on my experience there. Occasionally the cluelessness of the hostesses can be a tad annoying, but I usually forget about that once I'm a few sips into a glass of wine (decent selection, including some of my favorites that I buy regularly). However, I find it very irksome in this day and age that they have decided having a website wasn't necessary. It used to exist I believe, but now it does not. And as someone who likes to read the whole menu, I like to be able to do that before I go somewhere so I'm not holding up my fellow diners when it comes time to order. Additionally, they seem to have some trouble getting courteous, hard-working individuals to answer the phone there. The last time I called for take-out, they didn't answer at first. After the second call, someone answered and immediately put us on hold and did not ever come back. We called back in case it was an accident, but unfortunately the girl that answered basically admitted to just not taking our call and was completely unapologetic. Needless to say, no sushi take-out that night. Overall, despite liking their food, I find myself crossing Jade off my list of possible dinner options on a regular basis.
5	We went here on a nice night for dinner so we were able to sit outside, which was nice.The food was excellent. We ordered three types of rolls and they were all delicious. They have a good menu of both regular rolls and specialty ones which is nice. They have a good location and I will definitely be back :)
3	Loved the Cherry Blossum Roll and the wait staff. Also had the Monks Curry which was okay. The brown rice was dry and hard.
4	Parking can be hard here - especially when there is no valet. I think they only do that on weekend.Jade is on the second floor, so if you go back in the parking deck and park on the second floor, you can just walk the bridge and go right to the entrance. If you park on the first floor or in the lot, you will need to go up the elevator or escalator.During the summer they have a nice patio area. The bar is very small, one counter, and they have one party room that is rather small as well.There are quite a few tables and booths, but over all a very small/cozy feel. There usually isn't much of a wait time anymore and service is very fast.I like the Cherry Blossom roll the best. It's also note worthy that they serve Conundrum, which is a great wine to have with sushi.
3	Hello Lady!  After reading the other reviews which noted that the wait staff were all "bouncers from a club" or male fitness models, I didn't think it would persist.  I was wrong, this is a great place to take a bachelorette party to start off the night.  It was loud since the bar area was very close to the dining area, but we weren't there for a quiet dinner.  This is located in the Ballantyne shopping area where you can see a movie, multiple dining options, and park in the huge parking deck.  So not bad.The sushi - the first thing I noticed were that MOST of the specialty rolls were filled with "Spicy tuna/salmon/etc." where they mix the fish with hot sauce and mayo.  Not my style as I want the real deal.  Don't get me wrong, they had some rolls with the fish on top, but we had to try at least the regular tuna roll.  At least the day we went, the tuna felt too chewy, not melt in your mouth.  Maybe this was a sign of freshness, or lack thereof.  Overall, the rolls were tasty and ok-priced for the ambience.  I assume the Spicy-treated sushi makes up for the lower price.I enjoyed it there, but I'm not loving all the selection.  I would bring a larger group of friends for a nicer dinner for casual sushi that won't break the bank.  Don't fret, 3-stars is still good!
1	Tonight was my second time in the past month eating here. The first time was take out and we waited for nearly fifty minutes for our food. The gentleman at the door was upset for our very long wait and gave us a gift card for 20.00 to offset their mistake.  In honesty that would have normally stopped me from going back ever again but since I did not have to complain and the gentleman in charge took it upon himself I felt everyone deserves a second chance. Tonight we returned. My wife had , "The Signature Sushi Roll' and found it to be delicious.  Her soup, " Thai Tum Yum Soup was ehh they used half an onion in the soup instead of the promise of scallions. Completely changed the flavor. My daughter ordered the  Yellow-tail Fantasy Sushi and it was horrible. More of a nightmare than fantasy. The Yellow-tail was smelly and tangy to both of our tongues. It was bad. Her Avocado salad said it came with mixed greens, avocado , tomato and dressing. Well the greens they are talking about is iceberg lettuce with a sprig of some type of bitter green. It was terrible as well.  I ordered the Tempura Roll which is suppose to come with 6-8 pieces and I only was given four. It was also completely dried out. I also ordered Spicy Yellow-tail which was actually pretty good. Overall a failure in quality control and execution of the dishes. This is my last time going here and I would suggest that you skip it as well. IF you should choose to go I wish you the best of luck. Your going to need it.
5	My husband and I love Jade!  95% of the time we just do take-out because of the three little ones at home, and they always do an awesome job!  They package everything up perfectly and always make sure you have enough chop sticks, soy sauce, wasabi, ginger, ect....When it comes to maki rolls, they have always been well prepared and very fresh tasting!  We've never had an issue with quantity or quality!  The Cherry Blossom is my favorite!!We've dined at the restaurant a few times and always had a good experience.  Yes the servers are all males but I don't have a problem with that.  I'm sure if my better half was writing this review he might be writing something else!  ;)
4	I felt compelled to write a review, after having a not so great sushi experience at another nearby restaurant. But anyhoo, I have been coming to Jade on/off for the past 4 years. Excellent quality food, good service, and nice atmosphere. I've come here on dates, after-work outings, and to catch up with friends and family. Can't say I've ever been disappointed (especially with the food) during any of those visits. Definitely recommend.
1	So disappointed. I ordered takeout and got a salad that had at least 3 tablespoons of water at the bottom. The beef and garlic entree was so dry that I went back to the restaurant to send it back and was told that the beef usually comes out dry and tough! I waited for 28 minutes to get a simple shrimp entree and, shocker, it was wrong went I got home. I called the restaurant and was told the manager was too busy at the moment to talk to me. I'm shocked at this customer service and will never return.
5	We dined here on a Saturday night and we suggest a reservation. We had the scallops,ahi tuna and shrimp appetizer. My husband had sushi as his main course and I had the Szechuan scallops as a main entree which is offered low carb! Everything was cooked to perfection and  the waiters were attentive but not over bearing. The liquor drinking are a bit costly but overall a great meal at a good price. The atmosphere was nice and I can see this being a great place to visit during the spring and summer months to enjoy the patio dining. A great area to see a movie at the Ballantyne movie theatre and eat dinner!
2	I used to really like going here, but always and still would, avoid their restrooms, they are always disgusting. I liked their fresh sushi and even some of the rolls, but after seeing them get an inspection score that was well below par, on 2 occasions, I stopped going. That, and I witnessed the bartender dealing drugs on numerous visits. The same family owns 18 in Blakeney and we prefer that over Jade, but ditto on the restrooms! Hoping better sushi and better service arrives in Ballantyne soon!
3	They need to improve on their vegetarian options!
4	I was reluctant to go to Jade Fusion after reading some of the bad reviews but was invited by a friend.  It was a Saturday night and the place was packed. Our table for nine was ready when we arrived.  The service overall was good.  The prices were also very reasonable. The appetizers and main courses came out timely and the water glasses were re-filled when needed. I had the lo mien with chicken and it was quite good. I liked that it was piping hot. I also had a spring roll which was good and my wife liked her soup. She had the Pad Thai with chicken that was a nice meal too.  Although the food and service parts of the meal would normally cause me to return, the noise level was way beyond my limits.  It was difficult to hear the person directly across me and likewise I had to raise my voice in order to try to carry on a conversation.  Even with the uncomfortable sound level, I'll still give the place four stars because of the good food and service, but it is unlikely that I will go back on a busy weekend night.
4	We went for the 1st time last week.  Great service, good prices & amazing food. Will definitely be going back.
1	Went for our 2nd time last night... The hostess Alicia was rude and acted like she didn't want to be bothered.  When our server Roger came over, could barely distinguish what he said, he acted like he couldn't get wait to get to something else. Place was not packed, lots of empty seats and plenty of servers, so being short staffed wasn't the reason for such horrible service.  We got up and left without ordering.  Very disappointed.
4	I go here for a quick lunch most days when I am in this area. I love the outdoor seating on a pretty day and also love sitting at the bar if it is a bit more crowded. There is always space to lay my work out which is nice! I love the cherry blossom roll which is a staple for most sushi restaurants. The service is always quick and friendly at lunch and they know how to cater to people on a lunch break! I haven't been at night for dinner service do I can't add anything on crowds, service or speed but overall a wonderful lunch place!
3	This place is in a mall so it's hard to park and go upstairs but the food was fineWe ordered the candy crush roll which was way too sweet but the Toro roll was just excellent and the fried rice could have used some more stuff in it.. only some chunks of beef and that was it.
3	We were in the area for a Dr. appt. and looking for some lunch afterwards. We saw a sushi place we'd never been to before and decided to try it out. We got there right when they opened at 11:30am and of course we were seated and served immediately. The service was attentive and pleasant. Everything on the menu looked and sounded amazing, but we opted for a couple of pieces of salmon & tuna, the dynamite roll (LOVED this!), and the Terryiaki scallops stir-fry. The salmon and tuna were tender and buttery, but the scallops, even though cooked in a brown rice stir-fry, could have been a tad bit more tender. I would return for the dynamite roll again, and try some other options on the menu. A bit on the pricey side ($45 for 2 with no drinks), but then again, I'm not the best sushi connoisseur, and could easy go to another good sushi restaurant and be just as happy.
4	The service was attentive, pleasant and fast!. Everything on the menu looked great; did a few pieces of salmon & tuna, a simple tuna roll, the dynamite roll and the Terryiaki scallops stir-fry. The salmon and tuna were tender and buttery, the scallops, could have been a bit more tender. I could sit in this sushi restaurant and just slowly eat nirgiri pieces all day long. Very generous cuts of fish on every piece!
5	Cherry blossom will not disappoint .. Waiters are attentive - sushi was amazing - sea bass is the best ... Hands down don't miss this place - awesome food - price is right ... Upstairs in Ballantyne  village - great food  two thumbs way up
1	Mediocre service. Terrible food. Been here multiple times and, it seems as if the chef has changed or just stopped caring. Hella hot is my favorite roll here, and it was squeezed so tightly that it came out looking deformed and toppled over and fell apart as soon as they set the plate down. Ordered a fusion roll because of the sweet potato tempura, and 4/8 pieces in the roll didn't even have any sweet potato in them, just cucumber and rice. The garlic sauce option with veggies and the mango tango were both disgustingly sweet. We asked our waiter and he gave us this intricate explanation of the sweet counteracting the spices, but it was all just sweet, nothing else. To top off the horrible meal, our waiter's trainee spilled soy sauce on the table when clearing our plates, and just muttered an apology and walked away, while two of us sat there with no napkins and soy on our clothes and arms. Given this place enough chances, even hosted a large private bday party here in the past. But now, Mediocre service and horrible food. See you never, Jade.
4	great food...clean....best hot and sour soup I've ever had.  definitely recommend
5	I come to Jade about once a week to get my sushi fix and I have NEVER been disappointed. The sushi is seriously so good, every time. I'm sorry for all the people who say they have had a bad experience, I never have.I usually sit at the bar ad get the Hella Hot Roll, a Spicy Tuna Handroll w/ Soypaper and Yellowtail Sashimi. Always delicious. The Hella Hot isn't very hot to me, its got spicy tuna, sriracha and jalapenos but it's still very good. The handroll is good too and the sashimi is to die for. I'd like to try some other rolls but I always just end up gettig my favorite when I come in.The bar tenders are pretty cool, always trying to get me to order a rum & coke haha. There are a couple employees in here that may need an attitude check but it's never been my server. Other than that, great sushi place and it has a cute deck you can eat outside on.
4	Jade is a really excellent spot to come for sushi.  I had been referred here by a friend and so we came on a Friday evening.  It is a great location, just make sure you dress not super casual, we got some funny looks from not only the other diners but from the waitstaff which was uncomfortable and kind of rude.  We were just wearing (adult length) shorts and cute tops and sandals but apparently it's a little more dressy than that.  We didn't look like bums though!  Sigh.  Anyway, the sushi is presented beautifully and tastes just as lovely.  They have a great wine list, and I wish they were still on restaurant.com.  The booths are super comfy and our waiter was really helpful.  I cannot vouch for anything but the sushi but if you like sushi you should give this place a try.
4	My husband and I and another couple had dinner here two nights ago, at our friends' recommendation. We started with dumplings and I wanted more! They were absolutely delicious! I had curry for dinner and as much as I wanted to, I couldn't finish my meal!! It was SO good!!! Our server was attentive and the hostess was sweet. The only thing that wasn't perfect was that it took a few minutes to get our drinks to the table, but it wasn't that bad! I was just thirsty! Overall- awesome and of course we will go back!
1	Horribly inattentive service. Our waiter saw we had a toddler and basically treated us like we were second class citizens! Our son is actually well behaved in restaurants too - so it was unjustified! We ordered food for him, a couple of appetizers and some sushi rolls....  We wanted more sushi but he never came back to check on us. Our waters were empty and ice melted, sons plate was clean and we were twiddling our thumbs when the busser realized we were finished and sent waiter over - no questions asked, dropped check and ran off again. Busser took credit card and gave to waiter and we never saw that guy again.... Weird. No thanks - I will stick with sushi 101, they're attentive and much cheaper. Not to mention, parking is no where near as difficult - hope Jade gets it together.
