5	Wow!  An environmentally friendly hotel with the modern decor.  I walked into my $89 per night room and was impressed.  Standard to the room was a kitchenette, desk, living room space, flat screen tv and comfortable beds.  Silly as it sounds, I was delighted to see that my bed included 4 fluffy pillows.  Loved that the whole hotel has wifi.   My only suggestion is to request a room that does not face the freeway.
3	I've had better hotels, it's OK here.  It's very clean and green, which is a great plus.  The decor is a little sterile for me, but that's their "thing".  Very clean lines and not a lot of clutter.  It had all the basics, showtime, refrig (big plus for 115 degree weather), in room coffee, very weak!  should have Starbucks!!!  No cafe or place to eat within the hotel.  Had to go across the street to strip mall, food was good there, but the mani/pedi at Red Persimmon SUCKED!  The hotel was awesome because I was using my Starwood points and was supposed to pay a portion out of pocket but when I checked out, I guess I got an upgrade and I didn't pay anything, for that reason ONLY I'm giving it 3 stars.  There is NO bathtub, but the rain shower was amazing, but didn't have a lot of pressure.  I didn't use the gym but it looked really nice - nice new equipment and glass enclosure.  The thing I love about Westin is the Green Tea scent - I actually went to Nordstroms and bought the poupurri (spelling???)  I love that scent!!! There is a free breakfast every morning but only from 7-10 - ummm hello -------- I got back to the hotel at 5AM both days so I kinda missed that - but it would be great if they served all day, after all IT IS VEGAS.  Even the Subway at Monte Carlo served a breakfast sandwich all day.  They had a snack pantry and it was like $1 for everything even water, which as you know costs $4-$5 in Las Vegas hotels.    They did have a nice living room lounge with wii, but I didn't use it.  They also had BBQ's outside.  I don't think that anyone would want to be BBQ'ing in that weather. The other downside is that it's so far from the strip and the directions are crazy in the GPS because of construction.  It took me two days to figure out the 215 freeway system.  I will probably not stay here again unless its free, but the gas you spend going back and forth to the strip negates the freeness (is that a word).  I'll probably stay at Red Rock if I want to stay that far.
5	This is a terrific hotel for anyone looking for a quiet place to stay in LV.The concept is terrific: peaceful, clean, healthy, green.  The lobby has a green tea scent that we really liked.   We called ahead and got a reduced rate from what the website offered and clearance to bring our 65 lb golden retriever.  It is a pet friendly hotel and we were grateful for that.  We forgot a dog bowl but they hooked us up.The rooms are quaint -- even a little tight if you use the pull out couch --- but the space is useful... Like a modern loft.   Great sink and showerhead with no little plastic bottles to end up in a landfill.  Room also has a nice sized HDTV that rotates so it can be used if you're at the desk, in bed or in the kitchenette.The free breakfast was just right -- warm breakfast sandwiches, mini fruit smoothies, pastries, etc.   On Saturday they added pancakes, sausage and eggs.Pool looked small but nice - my parents used it - free cabanas and outside towels.Only complaints would be that rooms facing the 215 freeway will hear a good deal of highway noise.  The Element is practically on top of it... So request a room on the quiet side.   Also, the grounds are minimalist desert landscape -- fits the green concept but if you bring a dog there isn't grass anywhere in the area...a nice park is about a mile away.My wife & I were very impressed with the Element and will return and look for other Elements in different cities.
4	Simple, clean, and functional.  It's a slightly beefed up version of Aloft (by SPG also).  The "green" concept is cool (one extra star for that).Bed was comfy, towels were a bit rough, and shower was standard.Free breakfast was a nice touch.  Hot egg sandwich tasted fresh, and the people who worked there were all very nice.   Decent gym as well.Not a romantic place, but will suffice for a business trip and also good for family (because of it's fully equipped kitchen).  We got upgraded to a larger room, so size was not an issue. :)
4	Not your typical Vegas hotel.No casino. No smoking allowed. Complimentery hot breakfast. Fresh and yummy.Pet friendly.Nice rooms, kitchen included. 15 mins away from the strip. I would stay here again if travelling with pet.
5	I love this hotel.  I want to shrink it,  wrap it up in my carry-on and take it home.  I want the hotel bathrooms to be my bathroom at home.1.  It is extremely clean and is designed throughout in a very modern stream-lined decor that is very soothing.2.  Free breakfast buffet that is good and offers low-fat options. Unlimited good coffee all day.3.  Rooms have sleek stainless steel and glass-tiled kitchenettes that blend seamlessly into the rooms.  4.  Bathrooms are elegant and offer the most modern fixtures by Kohler including  huge rain-style shower heads in your spacious glassed-in modern shower.5.  Beds are amazingly and delectably comfortable, with about 8 pillows and huge white fluffy comforters. 6.  Good desk with all kinds of hook-ups for all your tech/ipod/etc needs that also let you hook up to the big flat screen tv.  Free very fast wi-fi throughout the hotel with no weirdness hooking up.  7.  Lots of light. 8.  Green hotel -- EVERYTHING is green (as in eco-friendly)9.  Good fitness room with modern equipment and pool.10. NO slot machines of any kind!!!!11.  Near hiking destinations and I think they rent bikes.12.  I think it is pet friendly!13.  Good Value.
5	I love this place. When we came to Vegas to shop real estate this was our choice because it was dog friendly.  Shhh don't tell Miss Lily, she thinks she's a human. Anyway, love da decor. Hip and sleek. Heavenly bed by Westin. Frig, micro and basic and modern mini kitchen. Breakfast included.Immaculate housekeeping. It's all good. If spousal unit ever boots me :) this would be where I would bunk nearby.
4	If you're looking for a clean suite in a reasonably priced hotel in Summerlin, this is it. For the money, this place can't be beat. I was a bit miffed missing the free breakfast after meandering downstairs at 9:45am (this is Vegas, right?), but otherwise didn't have much negative to say about this place...wait... ...the air conditioners are LOUD!  That alone justifies the jump down from 5 stars.  Granted I visited in the summer and keeping my rook cool was probably not the easiest task, but I felt like I was sleeping at the end of runway 1 at McCarran and Southwest jets were launching every few minutes when that AC cranked on again. And again. And again. I'm no HVAC expert, but I'd guess mounting the AC unit in the main bedroom area of the suite might contribute to the noise. Just a guess. Otherwise, the place was pretty low impact. Clean, calm, casual, free parking, easy access to the 215, and all the amenities listed on the website...even free wireless. Cool.
4	I stayed there for business, so unlike some of the other reviewers I was in bed by about 9:30 every night... The hotel itself was great, the only downside was the location since I did not have a car (hence the four stars). There was not much to walk to in the way of food. Also a Taxi to the strip would probably cost you about 30 bucks if not a little more (it was a $55 cab ride from the airport).The room was laid out extremely well, the perfect size, it felt large and had all of the things you would need for a stay of a week or so. The service was great and the bed was comfortable.... Really what more would you need?
5	My daughter's mom - who's pretty much hated every hotel (including 4-stars!) I've ever put her in - LOVED it.  That says is all right there. lolIt's a very 'green' hotel and there appeared to be no wasted space. The rooms aren't huge, but are set up in a way that makes them feel very spacious. The lobby has a very homey feel, with television and board games, although I don't remember seeing a fireplace. We were there just now (winter), but there is a large gas grill as part of an outdoor kitchen with lovely granite counters. The granite in the rooms was also a beautiful part of the full kitchen, with refrigerator and dishwasher.The staff was very friendly and the breakfast was terrific. Loved the juice dispenser, the egg white English muffins, and the strawberries! The pastry was a big hit, though I had to hold back on that. And best of all - it was the cheapest place I could find in Vegas for New Year's Eve. Element for the win.
2	Its a nice hotel with great service but our room was right over the freeway and it was loud all night. There windows are thin and it might as well be open all night. The helicopter that flew over for an hour didnt help either.If we go back, i will not get a room by the freeway. Didnt get to sleep at all.The breakfast wasnt bad for a continental.
4	If you want to get away without crossing the state line, grab a room at Elements and escape.  This hotel has complimentary breakfast, great housekeeping service, and the rooms are small apartments.  With cooking tops, full fridge and lots of counter space, there's no limit to what you can do or how long you can lock yourself in the room for your entire stay.  They provide dishes, utensils, and even cooking tools in the room.  There's a safe and hangers in the closet, extra towels in the shower and a great movie selection so you don't have to go out to the casino for a flick.  What I really love is the nice bed and sheets!  I stayed for 2 weeks at this hotel and the staff was great.  With restaurants across the way and the freeway exit right there, this hotel is in a great spot in Summerlin.
4	pros-wonderful bed with plenty of sheets/covers/ pillows-modern building-ample parking-friendly staff-complimentary breakfast buffet-good toiletries-nice gym-pantry of foods and drinks available-free wificons-15 minutes away from the strip but that's ok if you drive to vegas-nothing within walking distance
4	Clean, modern, green hotel.- free, decently fast wifi- small gym- pet friendly (saw many dogs during my one night stay but noise was never a problem)- friendly staff- a legit complimentary breakfast buffet- heated pool- great toiletries (probably one of the best shampoos I've used from a hotel)- coffee and tea available 24/7- WII game console 24/7- rooms are equipped with a full kitchen- sofa beds are not the best but their actual beds are finenot close to the strip, driving only but good for business
4	So close!!!  ... 1 star taken away b/c the hotel is far from the strip.  I wish it was at least near the M Resort Spa & Casino.  We didn't arrive until 3am due to traffic on the way to Vegas.  :[  Check-in = quick & easy since we were basically the only ones awake at that timeThe Room = its my dream loft style home!  It's modern, clean, fresh, & has everything I could ever need in a home.  Full kitchen w/ breakfast bar - fully equipped with pots, pans, plates, cups, & cooking tools.  There is a desk area w/ a chair & a flat screen TV on a swivel stand so you're able to watch it in the kitchen, in bed, or while you're sitting on the L-shaped couch.  King-size bed was large & comfortable.  There's enough room in the closet to hold a good amount of clothes if you plan on staying for a while.  The Bathroom/Shower = I liked how there was a lot of space in the bathroom even though there was only one sink.  Every time I was in it, I felt clean.  The shower was also nice - I liked how they had a shampoo/conditioner & body wash dispensers inside the shower.  They smelled nice and made my hair feel soft.  This place is EVEN BETTER because they allow small pets to stay with their owners conveniently inside their room.  Yes, they have a pet deposit, but its worth it if your small friend can stay at a luxurious place alongside you.  :]  :]  :]Side Notes:  There is complimentary breakfast every morning (not your average breakfast - I feel like this place provides you with more choices and fresh food).  I love the main lobby area of the hotel, though it was usually occupied by families, they have plush couches and tables w/ chairs to sit at and hang out during your stay.  They have a small gym, but nicely equipped and the pool area has a place for guests to BBQ if they so choose.  Oh, there's also a tiny grocery store located in the lobby.  The only thing I didn't like was how much parking they had in the front of the hotel.  The sides are darker & a little scary to park far from the front entrance at night.  I wasn't ready to leave :[
5	I can't believe this place was only $100 a night. I want to remodel a vacation condo after our room here. Hip, clean, simple. And the space was used with thought. A complete kitchen, couch, desk, two queen beds and big bathroom. You really can't beat the complementary breakfast. Strawberry smoothie, egg white and tomato english muffin, great coffee (for reals), grapefruit juice (the real stuff) and tons more! Not to mention the saltwater pool and the private cabanas. They even had a simple, clean crib for our little one. And they let us keep our Bernese Mountain Dog in our room! The front desk and the breakfast help were all incredibly accomodating and friendly. I wish we could take this hotel to all of our travel destinations. LOVE
3	Really nice Hotel away from all the strip action but close enough to Red Rock, Suncoast and Rampart to matter. The Eco Hotel thing is a bit of a mixed bag but the intentions are honorable. Rooms are nice and fully etched up and include a kitchen with microwave and fridge-freezer. Breakfast is good but the layout for the stations is scattered, not well layer out, you end up going from station to table to station to table as the are no trays and coffee is on the opposite side of the room to the food. Basically no flow to the room so your fighting through people moving from one place to another. If you have allergies make sure you make the staff aware. It's not just the pillows that are down, the quilt is too so make sure you get a foam quilt. Also bring your own toilet paper, they seem to think that recycled means sacrificing comfort. If you don't bring your own TP bring some good healing cream!
4	First off I will say we went to Vegas to visit friends who live there, not to go to the strip so proximity to the strip was not an issue for us. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite which was awesome because we have two small kids. this allowed us to stay up and hang out in the living room after they went to sleep. If you've ever tried to put a kid to bed at 8pm in a regular hotel room you'll understand why that is awesome.Breakfast was way better than expected. not just cereal and coffee, they had eggs, sausage, pancakes and some other stuff. Pool was nice. small but nice. all the staff we encountered were extremely friendly. I'm giving it a 4 instead of 5 for some small reasons. I've stayed in hotels that are a little more luxurious and would reserve a 5 for them. fluffier towels, higher end bath soaps etc. But overall it's a nice place and I would stay there again for sure.
3	We were just going on a quick trip to Vegas for one night with our 6 year old daughter and needed a cheaper, nice room at the last minute so I found this place and it worked out pretty well. We are avid non-smokers so the fact that this is a non-smoking hotel was very nice. We've stayed at the Red Rock several times and like this area so we knew how far it would be from the strip but were pleasantly surprised that we could easily go down Sahara to get to our event at Palace Station. - CleanlinessFor the most part the room was clean, I've stayed at places that were cleaner and I've stayed at places that were dirtier so it was just ok in that area. There were some stains on the couch and on the office chair but unfortunately that's to be expected. The floor could've been a bit cleaner, some of the light switches were dirty and there were some hard water stains on almost all the walls of the bathroom but nothing really alarming.- Beds/BeddingWe got a studio with two queen beds, the bed my daughter picked had a weird little black dot stain on the sheet that we determined was from a pen so NBD but I would think a sheet like that should be replaced. The bed itself was ok, didn't like that I could feel the dent in the bed where everyone has slept but again I've experienced better and worse. The pillows however were terrible! They were lumpy and felt like they had only been stuffed half way -- I just could not get comfortable. Another issue is that the beds were so close to the walls that you could only get out of the bed on one side, which is fine if only one person is in the bed but if there are two people then you have to climb over the other person or have them get up if you want to get up.- Rest of the RoomI think if we had a king bed the air conditioner would've been ok but with the queen beds it blew directly on us which was annoying. The kitchen was pretty cool, we didn't use it but there were pots and pans, cooking utensils, silverware, paper towels, a toaster, coffee maker with coffee and tea, etc.The bathroom was eh, nice design but could be kept up better. The wood in there was chipped and dirty and the walls had white spots and hard water stains. Half of our towels were nice/newer and the other half were dingy, flat and tattering. The toilet paper here is no joke, definitely bring your own, it feels exactly like crepe paper that you use for decorations!The "wood" furniture was chipped, scratched, etc. so kind of worn.- NoiseWe were on the third floor on the very end overlooking the pool so we were pretty lucky however we could clearly hear people walking around and shutting/slamming the cabinets above us right when we got there. We didn't hear anyone above us after that but I think that's because they left and no one was there. If there are people above you, you will hear everything. When anyone walked down the hall you could clearly hear that as well. In the morning I heard a TV and while I was standing in front of the bathroom door getting ready I heard a maid say "I'm just trying to check your room sir" like she was standing next to me (maybe she barged in like some other reviews said they do?). So definitely beware of the noise and try to get a room on the fourth floor and if not hope the people above/around you aren't jerks.- Rest of the HotelThe elevators sounded and felt a bit sketchy. The pool was kind of small but the chairs in the water is cool. Even though it was over 100 while we were there, we went to the pool in the morning so the water was a bit too cold for the morning. We came through the back by the pool and there were some people smoking in this little area between the pool and the walkway to the hotel with benches and ashtrays. I'm going to assume this is the designated smoking area however I don't think this is a very good place for it. Since it is a non-smoking hotel I think the WHOLE place should be non-smoking, I would think that most people who stay here are non-smokers and want to get away from all smoke in Vegas.This seemed like the one place where we could get away from smoke only to have to deal with it walking into the hotel. Also, there are rooms right next to this area where I'm sure smoke could easily come in.- BreakfastThe breakfast is awesome! For free you cannot beat it. The sausages were really good and they had a good variety of real food. The pancakes were hard on the edges and the apple juice dispenser seemed broken but other than that it was awesome. What you do with your plates when you're done is pretty confusing and even though the lady was trying to be nice, I didn't really like to be told that I had to scrape the food off (there was hardly any) before I put the dishes away when others just left theirs on the table.So overall it's a decent place for the price with an awesome free breakfast and no smoking for the most part. I would stay here again but far from my first choice.
3	First off, the rooms are very nice.  Go with the double queen suite with full kitchen.  Bed was super comfortable, better than at home.  However, the hotel was overbooked so they shipped us down the street to a lesser spot, but comp'd the room (I think - have to look closer at the bill since they didn't provide an invoice since I booked on Priceline).  The hotel is also in an offshoot location with lots of ugly construction taking place nearby.  So, not the premier location for those looking for outdoor beauty.
5	My favorite place to stay in Vegas.  I always get free  upgrade - all you gotta do is ask :)
5	This is probably the coolest hotel I've every stayed at. My wife and I had an extended stay here while we moved from Wyoming to LV. So eco-friendly, clean, and courteous. Their breakfast every morning is delicious and varied, so it doesn't really get old. It's pet friendly, though I wish they had a designated pet area. There are full kitchens in the rooms, and the beds are very comfortable. It made the transition very easy and fun. I would recommend this place in a heartbeat for either a one-night or extended stay.
4	Modern hotel, comfortable and cozy, away from the strip, with many of the amenities of home. Stayed while in Vegas on business. Could not have asked for a better stay away from home: daily breakfast, gym, kitchenettes with cookware, dinnerware, and utensils. Oh and I forgot. The staff is pretty good too!
5	We booked this hotel through our SPG reward points.  It's a Westin hotel.  LOVE it!  My husband said he wants to stay here every time we come to Vegas.Pros:-  Free breakfast - scrambled eggs, plump sausages, pancakes, strawberry smoothie shots, cereals, green apples (only fruit option), grapefruit-orange-and-apple juices, toast, bagels, fruit danishes, ww english muffin with egg whites and tomato, and freshly brewed coffee/tea.  They don't have oatmeal or bacon though.  Great selection for being a FREE breakfast!  -  Free wifi-  Free parking-  5-min from Red Rock Canyon-  A non-smoking hotel-  No casinos downstairs-  Free coffee/tea in lobby at all times-  Mini kitchenette with a full sized fridge, utensils, microwave, toaster oven, pots/pans, ceramic bowls and plates.  Everything you could need except the food!-  Separate living room and bedroom areas (bedroom has a door for privacy).-  Two TV's - one in living room and another in bedroom.-  The bed and bedding are amazing... we slept so well!-  Very modern and clean-  Although we didn't use it, I noticed they had a decent-sized workout room with new machines - 3 ellipticals, 3 treadmills, free weights, weight machines, and towels provided.-  Barack Obama stayed here!  If it's good enough for the President, it's good enough for me.Cons:-  Walls are thin... I could totally hear the TV and blowdryer in the next room while in the living room, but I slept like a baby in the bedroom.Despite the one major con, there are far more pros so I'm giving this place a solid 5 stars.  This is a great hotel option for those who want to get away from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  We see ourselves as regulars here... it's so family friendly, we'll be bringing the kids next time!
4	Great hotel with one major flaw... if the person in the floor above you is a stomper or wearing hard heels, good luck getting rest. The rooms are modern with partial hardwood floors, so the dampening between floors is compromised. Person staying above me was 'clacking' back and forth across the floor till 1:37AM. What can I say, stay as high up as you can I suppose. Otherwise, the rooms/hotel is very new, the mini kitchen is well worth the slight upgrade in price, the gym is clean and functional, and the breakfast is pretty well executed. A lot to like about this place. One other slight knock is that it is pretty close to the freeway. If you're a SUPER light sleeper, this might be a slight problem. The password free wi-fi is another huge bonus anywhere in the hotel.
2	Well if you want to feel like you have been locked in your office for the weekend complete with the employee kitchen than this is your place.  The decor is intended to be modern, but ends up feeling more commercial than anything else.  The sofa is hard as a rock and completely uncomfortable, the flooring matches the sofa and the kitchen and fixtures are definitely commercial grade.  Might meet someone's idea of modern chic, but feels more like I got locked in my office at work than somewhere I want to spend my hard earned cash for a weekend.  The breakfast everyone raves about is okay, but lacks any food a child might want so don't bring your toddler to this spread, because they will go back to the room hungry.  The luggage cart is something out of IKEA and there is no bellman to help get your bags to the room.  I guess for a "Green" Hotel this is what you get, but it feels more "Gray" than green complete with the exterior of an office building.  I think for the money you can do better especially in Vegas....Hotel Tonight might tempt me to check-out and find something more comfortable tonight, otherwise I will suffer through the commercial grade hotel prison the "Element" turned out to be.  I would "Eliminate" the "Element" and trade it for some "Comfort complete with carpeting, comfy sofas and a complete staff that is there to help you.  In defense of the staff in case management reads this, the front desk clerks were very nice and the breakfast crew did work hard with what they had.  No complaints on the staff the Element does have, just the hotel itself.
4	I've stay here every time I'm in Vegas. I like the outdoor BBQ!
5	This is a wonderful place to stay in the Summerlin area of Las Vegas. The friendly and attentive service here rivals hotels with a much higher nightly rate. The rooms are modern and clean and best of all very functional. With access to a number of business areas close-by, there are quite a few really good dining, coffee and shopping options within a minute or two drive.  Will definitely stay here again the next time I am in the area!
5	This is one of the best hotel properties I've ever stayed.  It is very clean, very quiet, and very comfortable.  The rooms resemble studio apartments with a full kitchen, including a full-size refrigerator.  The complimentary breakfast each morning has a wide selection of healthy options from cold cereals to pastries to protein choices to mini smoothies and fresh juices.  The front desk folks were very helpful and accommodating.My favorite aspect of this hotel is that it is several miles from the Las Vegas strip and the hotel itself does not offer any type of gaming whatsoever.
5	What a great place to stay in Vegas! Element at Summerlin is a Westin hotel gem!  The staff here are wonderful, great customer service and very helpful and friendly. Nothing beats a welcoming staff after a long day of driving or a long flight. They offered beverages upon check in and asked if we needed help carrying our luggage.From now on we have a great place to stay when we vacay in Vegas. They are pet friendly too, unlike most pet friendly hotels, they are very clean and if you weren't even aware that there are animals staying in the hotel, you honestly wouldn't know it or hear it. But The Element is specactularly clean and no animal odors for being a pet friendly hotel. I love it!!!This was our first stay at this hotel and the experience was amazing, the room we stayed in was a studio suite booked at $110 a night, (full kitchen, sofa, full size fridge, dishes, full size dishwasher and microwave). Like most A/Cs in Vegas hotels, they set them at 65 degrees but at this hotel you can set it all the way down to 60! Nothing like walking in a nice cool room especially in Vegas! The views from our room faced the 215 Beltway and the Summerlin Mountains. Gorgeous. The beds are soft and the interior design is very minimal and modern (simple is best). They have a safe in the closet if you wish to lock valuables away. The bathrooms were simple yet very modern and elegant. The shower heads had two different head setting, hand held and a huge raindrop shower head. Let's put it this way...I took 4 showers (we stayed one day!) It felt like being in a spa!!! Body soap and Shampoo/Conditioner is provided on a mounted pump so no need to bring your own shower essentials, plus it's all organic/natural! They give you an ample amount too!!!  Wi-Fi is free throughout the hotel too. They serve buffet style breakfast that is served every morning for free! Looked pretty good but we didn't have a chance to try it. Bummer. Next time.They have cabanas and the pool is heated and is open until 11pm, we didn't have the chance to try it but it looked beautiful, next time we will check it out. This hotel is very modern and it being tucked away in Summerlin makes it a hidden jewel in the hot desert. Parking if free too, only negative thing is, if you run out of parking iin the front and on the sides, you have no option but to park in the back and walk your all the way around to the front to get in. Otherwise it's ample parking, we must of came during a convention. Glad we booked!!! Also, just down the street is a 24hr. gas station so if you needed some snacks or gas it's very convenient.Element at Summerlin is also a GREEN/Energy Efficient hotel. I would highly recommend this place to all my family and friends. :)10555 Discovery Drive | Las Vegas, NV 89135 | (702) 589-2000Until then, Happy Vacationing!!!
3	This place is totally new and very clean.  Only reason I gave it a 3 stars is that it is really far from the strip casinos which is where we like to hangout.  If you don't go to the strip, then this place is will be a 5 stars for sure.
5	This was my go to location before moving to Las Vegas. I'm not one for the hustle and madness on the strip so staying off of the strip is always a great thing. Getting a room that's beautiful with maximum comfort is beyond anything I could ask for. The staff is always pleasant. The breakfast is better than any I've had complimentary from a hotel. Not to mention no pet fees for any pets under 40 lbs. The bicycle rentals are a plus as well!!!
5	Great price and a really adorable room. The mini-kitchen was extremely convenient. Much more stylish than most home-away-from-home hotels.
4	We just stayed here last month (Friday-Sunday). We LOVED it!We had a 2-queen suite, and it was perfect for our family of four. Rooms were clean and spacious. We loved the kitchen.The only things that we didn't care for were:    - the pillows sucked    - our room smelled, like stinky sewer water or something(Granted, we did not notify the front desk, but I still feel that it's worth noting for future)Included in your reservation fee is breakfast. Although it's not a full-on breakfast buffet, you are given quite a few options, and they're yummy!The next time we return to Vegas, we will definitely book our room here.
4	This is a hidden gem if you want to get off strip!  We were passing through Vegas on our move from Los Angeles to Boulder.  We have a small dog, so we needed a dog friendly place to relax, recharge, and refresh.  The rooms were really large, clean, and modern.  The kitchen was very helpful as well.  The hotel has a great breakfast, nuts/beverages in the evenings, and dog friendly areas on the property.  Just a half block away is a large park/grass area for dogs which was an added bonus.  If you're traveling with a dog and you're okay with being off the strip, this is the place to stay.
5	pros...want to be in las vegas, but not on the strip?  want to bring your pooch with you on your vacation in vegas?  want to go to a hotel that is completely smoke free?  well this is the place for you.  it is a good 20 minutes off the strip, but that's a good thing for me.  this place was clean, pretty new and had very nice accommodations as well.  my buddy henry never goes on vacation without his dog sam.  and this place lets him keep sam safe and sound.  sam is a rescue and would rather spend time with his new parents.  anyways, the rooms are nice and clean, and the furnishings are modern and minimalist.  our room was a nice studio type, as it had two small burners and all the kitchen equipment that you needed for a couple of days to a week if need be.  and the hotel was close enough to some restaurants and a few coffee shops as well.  and if you wanted to get around on bikes but didn't bring your own, there was a cycle shop where you could rent them.  internet was everywhere, and it was free.  parking was plentiful and the spaces were plenty wide for the rental van.  and on the weekends you get a nice hot breakfast.  the normal stuff was there: toast, bagels, spreads, cereal, juice, milk, eggs, sausages, sweet rolls, fruit, tea, coffee, and the like.  weekday breakfasts are not as diverse but still they had breakfast burritos and all the cold stuff: cereal, toast, yogurt and the like.  cons...like i said, it is about a 20 minute drive to the strip.  but that's not bad, not much traffic out here.  and pretty close to some groceries stores, but you better have a car.  not much.  if we go back to vegas this is the place where we are staying.  and i can bring my dog chuchu too.
5	Love staying here, great free breakfastDoes not smell like a cigaret and no slotsIt's like not being in Vegas You can actually relax when you need toHighly recommend !!
5	I am absolutely horrified that I have not reviewed this hotel on Yelp!This is the only hotel I will stay when I am in town for business each month.  I've actually moved my calendar around in order to make it work if they are completely booked out.I always appreciate great customer service and they always deliver--super friendly, helpful and informative.  The staff here have made my work-trips SO much easier--they've received many packages for me, which helps me stay organized.  The rooms are clean and I don't feel like I'm in a hotel, plus I love the Heavenly beds!The showers are a plus too, I hate traveling with bodywash for some reason so I really love that they have the dispenser in the shower, I'm not a huge fan of bar soap that other hotels give you.Location!  LOVE that it's not close to the strip!  Summerlin is clean and you can hop on the 215 right by the hotel, very convenient.Another thing I love is that it's an animal-friendly hotel!  I don't bring my dog on work-trips, but if I ever needed to I know I can!
5	Wow, awesome DOG-FRIENDLY hotel. I mean, super dog-friendly. No extra pet fees or deposits. Adjacent to a nearby park so it's easy to walk your dog anytime. There are also grassy areas at the hotel for your dog to relieve him/herself. The free breakfast is absolutely amazing. The eggs are soft, layered, perfectly cooked. There is usually a breakfast burrito (veggie and non-veggie) or breakfast sandwiches.  The egg white breakfast burrito was absolutely delicious.  You also get hot cakes and sausage on weekends. Pastries are flaky and delicious. Coffee is excellent. Rooms are huge with a kitchenette, large bathroom, living room area with a huge sofa. Bed was super comfortable. My dog absolutely loved this hotel. The staff are so friendly. To be honest, their breakfast was the best food I had in Vegas (see my other reviews of the Bacchanal buffet and Picasso for comparison!).  And it's really close to the red rock canyon for the outdoorsy type that don't just want to walk up and down the strip (which is also dog friendly btw!). It's near the Desert Breeze park and adjacent to another park with lots of people walking their dogs. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Very reasonably priced and worth every penny.
1	This hotel is noisy and the management is rude.  We were awoken at 6am by loud thumping in the room above us. I am not a light sleeper, I sleep through almost anything, but the walls and floors are very thin and you can hear everything. My boyfriend was unable to sleep most of the night, and we knew we had to leave the hotel.  We booked a room at the Bellagio, yes it's more expensive, but it was 100%  worth it. The hotel would not refund our second night and the manager was super rude and unprofessional.
5	My husband and I stayed at the Element for the first time last night. It was very relaxing and quiet. It was nice to stay at a nice hotel in Las Vegas that did not have a smoky casino with lots of people. I loved the free perks! Free wifi, free filtered water to fill up a water bottle and free parking! Grant checked us in when we arrived and could not have been more helpful. He kindly upgraded our room just because! We will definitely stay at the Element the next time we visit Las Vegas.
4	This place is awesome! First off, the location is fantastic. Located about 15 minutes away from the strip and easily spotted from the 215 freeway.  I twas only a few exits away from the Red Rock resort down the road. Upon entering I felt like everything in this hotel is super clean and functional. The lobby was fantastic, check-in/out was easy, staff was polite. Stayed in a studio room with desk, chair,  couch with pull out sofa bed, coffee table, closet,  large window-space, king bed with pillows, blankets and  extra comfy stuff, full kitchen with fridge and stove, and a  swivel flat screen television.The bathroom was adequate and roomy as well. I enjoyed the large glass shower with the rainfall shower-head and all natural bath amenities.   The hallways are spacious and well-maintained.  My only complaint is the sofa bed is not so glamorous or comfy. The extra blankets offered felt like scratchy paper thin towels. The hot FREE breakfast bar available in the mornings is a nice touch. Hot breakfast sandwiches, smoothie shots, fresh fruit, pancakes, juice, and all the coffee you need for a morning wake up. Food was excellent and tasted fresh.  The staff is pleasant and kept the tables clean for the constant breakfast turnover from various guest.  Hotel also features a year around heated pool, gym, and business center. I appreciate the hotel eco friendly features like the water bottle refill station located in the hallways. It was super convenient we were able to refill our water bottles instead of being nickle and dimed for a new one. If you are looking for a quieter, friendly, and great place to stay off the Vegas strip...then this is the spot to try.
5	Nice!! After staying in a dated hotel last night, it's refreshing to be in a clean, modern hotel with a great kitchen, bathroom & bedroom. Love it so far!
5	Loved the westin line of hotels and Elements is no exception. They offer a decent breakfast 7 days a week. The rooms are very comfortable and quiet.  Huge plus for me is that they allow pets for free. Love that it is a no smoking hotel. One complaint they advertise a light cocktail hour Monday through Thursday with assorted beer, wine and soda and light appetizers. When my husband went to check it out it was 2 different types if soda and a fruit bowl. Very disappointing. We are staying for a week, so we will see if that changes. One more cool thing, if you like, President Obama stayed here one time.
5	A fantastic hotel if you're just passing through Vegas/not wanting to stay on the strip.
5	This hotel is home nearly two weeks a month due to a work project.  The service is excellent, and the front staff takes hospitality to the next level.  Grant greats guests by name, is knowledgable about area cuisine, and can assist with absolutely anything.  The entire staff truly makes your experience feel like home.  Kudos to the management and staff for excellence in service.
5	Clean, inviting, and well appointed. The pool area is nice and the staff took very good care of us. Hopefully, we'll be back soon.
5	My boyfriend and I stayed here last Friday night and we were quite impressed. We had never stayed in an Element hotel before, but were very surprised at how much we enjoyed our experience.We really liked the clean modern look of the photos we saw online, how they incorporated a industrial yet cozy feel with natural details. That's why we decided to book the room. But we were even more impressed with the philosophy behind the way the hotel is built and managed.The front desk clerk told us that the hotel is called Element in homage to nature. That the hotel is made mostly of recycled materials, and built with a LEED's certification which means that it is highly eco-friendly.We loved that our standard room had a mini fridge, microwave, super comfy bed, and spa inspired bathroom. We were also impressed with their free, relatively high speed internet, and the availability to hook our laptop up to the TV (if we had the proper cords, which we didn't. next time!)The only slightly negative thing I have to say is that the hallway that led to our room smelled a little too... sterile?Walking down the hallway to get some (very affordable) snacks late in the evening, I found myself thinking, "this feels like the future." I really do think that this type of architecture and lifestyle could someday, soon i hope,  be the standard for our society.The whole experience was very pleasant. And the complimentary breakfast was tasty, too. Not to mention the very affordable cost of $119/weekend night. I hope we get another chance to stay at an Element hotel soon!
4	Had to grab the old dog and run when the air conditioning died in 104 crazy-degree heat....!So, closest and dog friendly was the Element.Boy! What kind customer service! What a wonderful place! The "green" attitude translates in every area of the hotel and makes each corner feel clean and bright.Room was small but laid out neatly and had every amenity ++ Service desk went out of their way to help us with even a small request for dog accommodation. Fast response on two calls to the from desk for DVD player adjustment, etc.Some dings and chips on furniture, but who cared...it was very clean and up-to-date. ...and the breakfast rocks! There is actually a chef on site and he knows how to put out a consistently healthy and delicious spread.The pastries were "melt in your mouth". No, really? In a free hotel breakfast? I was shocked and awed!Wonderful and surprising stay.
4	This is very nice hotel on the outskirts of Las Vegas.  The outstanding features are (i) unbelievable beds, linens and pillows.  Truly perhaps the nicest I have experienced.  (ii) the bedrooms are large and so nicely appointed in a chic-elegant manner.  The breakfast is nice but nothing special.  I don't know what it is considered "green" nor do I really know what "green" entails but it is a lovely hotel with nice access to neighborhood restaurants, coffee shops, etc.  Additionally, it's nice to be away from the craziness of the strip.
5	the element hotel is my home away from home! the ambiance, customer service, food, design, rooms....all amazing. it doesn't feel like 'vegas' but is the best that vegas has to offer: fine desert, near good restaurants, open space. the breakfast is worth it alone. it's very personal and warm, not cheesy hotel crap. they care.
4	Great service! Very comfortable rooms. Salt water pool. Area to BBQ. Free internet.Free breakfast with a variety of choices.Overall great experience!
4	Stayed here for 2 days and one night.... Loved it. Very clean, spacious and comfortable. I was looking forward to the luxurious marble shower pictured online, but we ended up with an ADA room. The room was very well insulated and sound proofed. We didn't hear anything noise from the hallway or outside although we were right outside the pool and there was a party going on.  The free breakfast is ok. The eggs and egg sandwhich are somewhat bland. The pancakes were hard and not very good. I would have preferred an fresh omelette station, fresh pancakes and Belgian waffles. Over wall, it was a good stay and I would stay here again.
5	Great hotel. Very friendly staff. Rooms are simple and modern. Great for business travelers. Good breakfast in the am and appetizers at night. Definitely recommend
5	I have stayed at this hotel numerous times over the span of months for a project that I have in Summerlin. I can't say enough good things about it. The layout of the hotel, the eco-friendly nature of the construction and it's operations, the incredibly cordial staff, and all the wonderful amenities.If you want to go for a bike ride big up bicycles for you to use, and you're right at the base of the hills. The beds are super comfy, the rooms clean, and this terrific set up with a full kitchen dishwasher, refrigerator, stove top, etc. right in the room! This is "four-star hotel, meet extended stay America"!!Salt water pool. Dig friendly, washer/dryer on premises.
3	We stayed at this hotel for four nights ... hmmm ... I read and re-read all the reviews and was trying to figure out why my review is going to be so different.  I wanted to give the Element 2.5 stars but couldn't so it's a 3 star.We checked in around 7PM on a Monday night ... the guy at the front desk was not overly friendly ... could careless that I was a Gold Starwood member ... and no upgrade available.  I asked if we could have the top floor ... reply was "No.  1 through 3 only."  Really .. could you not be more polite??  And then it was "And away from the freeway I guess."  Well, duh!! No kidding!!  Staff that we ran into were ok ... not overly helpful or friendly.I was expecting to be blown away when i walked into the room and I wasn't.  Not that there was anything wrong with it but it was small with the two beds and felt so cramped.  The room felt ... not polished.  The bed was not made properly ... seemed like it was just thrown together.  And again, not that it was bad ... not the Westin standard!!!There was no light bulb in the lamp on the desk.  We would have liked to have used it one night of our stay ... so it really didn't matter but  ... there really should have one be in the lamp.The TV did not stay when we turned it towards the couch ... we had to put my purse at the back to hold it in place.I didn't think there was enough closet space for two people ... and there was three of us.  We couldn't unpack our suitcase.  Our suitcase did not fit into the closet, so every morning, we had to close it up and put it upright in the closet to get it out of the way.  We didn't use the kitchen except for the fridge to put water in.The bathroom ... ugh ... looked sharp BUT the floors were not cleaned.  And i know it was not cleaned everyday or at all.  So glad  I wear slippers. I found the floor of the shower not clean.  And I HATE seeing some one else's hair anywhere in the bathroom ... be it the sink, the shower, the floor ... I don't care ... I don't want to see any hair!!!  And of course, there was hair on the wall of the shower.  Check out time is noon ... so at 10:30, a cleaning staff knocked on our door.  We had the magnet ... to do not disturb on the door ... so could not understand WHY she bothered us.  We still had an hour and half!!!!!  That was totally annoying.Rack rate was $500/night.  Really??  No way!!!Now for the good ... the breakfast was great!!!  There was a variety of things and we really appreciated it.  I didn't find anything "hard" ... the granola was one of the best that I ever had.  The smoothies were great and I loved that it was in a small glass.  I didn't have any of the pastries but they looked delicious too.  Internet was good ... thankfully free.  Great to have a safe in the room.Gym was clean and hardly anyone used it so it was nice and quiet.It was great to have hot water for tea out in the lobby.  We got back from the strip late every night ... and we even had a very late dinner out there.  Close to Red Rock Canyon ... and we highly recommend going there.  It's a 13 mile drive around trip and it took us THREE hours!!!  So much to see!!! That was the other thing ... the guy at the desk was not helpful in giving us directions on how to get there ... we had to look it up ourselves.  Same thing with Outlet Shopping.  Didn't know much about it!  Really???We enjoyed our stay ... but it just didn't meet my expectations.  Would we stay there again ... not too sure.  May stay out on the strip next time.
4	A good"away from the strip" hotel. The rooms are a little tight, but only because they have more furniture and amenities than most hotels. Right between a regular room and an extended stay, it doesn't have a stove top, but it does have a refrigerator, microwave, sink, and dishes. The stand up shower was awesome, but obviously no good if you're hoping for a bath, so make sure to ask when you're booking and/or checking in if you want a tub. The free breakfast doesn't have everything, but it's pretty solid with juices, coffee, pastries, bagels and other breads, eggs, sausages, pancakes, cereal, and some fresh fruit. You should be able to nail down breakfast here to save some money in the morning. The pool looks nice, but I didn't have a chance to use it. Overall, it's not going to blow your socks off, but it's way nicer than a standard "Holiday Inn" style hotel
5	We loved everything about this hotel. It was so clean, the bed was so comfortable and warm (actually had a great mattress and a thick comforter, not those crappy old blankets), the breakfast was healthy and delicious (and extensive) and the staff were super courteous and helpful. They even gave us free water bottles when we set out for our hike in the morning. I wish we had stayed here the entire time we were in Las Vegas. I hate throwing away food when I have to stay in hotels without refrigerators and this room had a fridge, a sink, everything. Couldn't have had a better experience and I will look for these everywhere we go from now on, they're my favorite hotels.
4	The Element in Summerlin is a nice hotel. The best part about it is the staff.  The staff are very friendly and helpful.  The breakfast is fantastic, and the prices are very reasonable.My only 2 complaints are that 1) A lot of the rooms have a dog smell.  The hotels has quite a few dogs, so the rooms just get that odor.  2) There is not a "green choice" at this element hotel.  For a hotel that advertises that it is environmentally friendly, I would think that it would participate in the green choice program. This is a way to be more environmental as well as let members earn some extra points.I do recommend staying at the Element in Summerlin.  Just be aware that it is about 20 minutes to the Strip.
2	Had the worst room next to the elevator. Walls were thin so I could hear the conversation next door. Remote control for the TV didn't work.The shower looked sort of nice with a wide rain shower head but it leaked out of the side.  OK it was more of a accidental waterfall than a rain shower.Nice concept but lacked fit and finish in the execution.   Very disappointed.
5	I will NEVER stay anywhere other than the Element hotel when I go to Vegas. I stayed here for 4 nights this weekend and I have to say it is THE most pleasant hotel experience I have ever had in Vegas and I am here almost every weekend on business from San Diego. The customer service is not only EXCELLENT but there is a sense of family here. Everyone is incredibly warm and friendly. Everything is easy. Nothing complicated like at other hotels. Even signing in to the FREE WIFI is easy! No passwords or codes or that nonsense. Everyone, from the cleaning staff, to the man who sets up breakfast, to the front desk staff goes out of their way to be friendly, helpful and accommodating. Talking about breakfast! They offer a delicious and complete complimentary breakfast in the morning and complimentary sustainable coffee is available all day long and night. The Element Hotel is also a certified GREEN hotel which is VERY IMPORTANT to me when I travel. The hotel focuses on eliminating waste, reducing unnecessary water usage, recycling and many other environmentally friendly practices. The hotel and the rooms are very clean and slick, the beds are SUPER comfortable and it is quiet and peaceful. There is a great gym and pool too. Overall, the hotel and the rooms have really great energy and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Thank you very much to Chris and Grant at the front desk and the rest of the staff for making this such an enjoyable experience. You guys are the best!
4	Great hotelGreat locationGreat serviceGreat comfortable room with fill kitchen :)Great equipped room(Loving the Dvd player and the box connected to Tv allowing you to easily connect your devices)Great low priceI would absolutely recommend this hotel Im sure you will not be disappointed with your stay.
5	The staff is what Im Yelpin' about... I have to send clients here occasionaly when my property has maintenance issues... and the staff is so accomodating!  When my residents are stressed out, you make them comfortable and give them a very nice, comfortable place to stay... helps us tremendously to be able to let them stay somewhere we know they will treated right, and can still get what they expect from the Summerlin area. Thank you!
