1	This is the old Imperial Palace.Positives:-Location. Across from Caesar's and Mirage, near Las Vegas Blvd + Flamingo intersection.-Price. Cheaper than neighboring properties.Negatives:-Book non-smoking room and get smoking room ("first come first served")-Loud subwoofer outside hotel room-Balcony sliding door that doesn't close entirely, accentuating the loud subwoofer-AC/heating unit that sounds like a diesel engine that's aggressively competing with the loud subwoofer for noise supremacy-Long check-in line. About 40-60 minutes. They know how many guests will be checking in every day - almost all of them have reservations. Yet they don't match the workforce to the workload. Amateurish.Before, the positives outweighed the negatives. Maybe because I'm getting older and grumpier, the negatives are outweighing the positives by a large margin.
2	Well, there are worse places to stay in Vegas.  Really.  I stayed in a total dump last year during CES because I booked my hotel so late. I wasn't as late in booking my accomodations for CES this year but a lot of places were already booked by October. So, Imperial Palace it was (when I booked it, it was still called that). I had no idea this place was undergoing a renovation until I got there.  Of course, a total overhaul for a major hotel on the Strip would take a while so while the outside looks different, know that inside isn't really.  The rooms are still the same old Imperial Palace rooms. Basic is how I would describe them.  Bed, tv, bathroom, maid service--what more do you need for Vegas, anyway?I will complain about the WiFi though.  I paid the $9.95 fee in advance for each night  and was barely able to get online!!!  That was a shame! So, I guess I'd have to say that staying here is not a complete disaster but if you have business to conduct via WiFi--look to other hotels.  Say for example you are attending a tradeshow where you are on your feet all day and are so completely tired at the end of the day that you can't image taking your laptop outside your room just to send out emails and would rather do it in the comforts of your hotel room--Well, the Quad can't really promise this service..
1	This place is a total dump. I love Vegas with all my heart and will always be the one telling people "it doesn't even matter where you stay, you will hardly be in the room anyway!"....but I guess there is always an exception to the rule. I stayed for 2 nights with a group of four girls and we definitely will not be coming back. First of all, the room is only equipped with 2 small lamps that barely even work to light up the entire room. We called the front desk to have them deliver an extra lamp so we could actually see what we were doing and it took about 7 phone calls from us and two hours to actually have it delivered. The only mirror in the room is a tiny wall one that we ended up taking down and laying against the wall sideways so there was room for a couple of us to get ready to go out. The only blankets on the bed were a couple of thin sheets...no comforter or anything. Even the bar sucks. We ordered bloody marys and I'm pretty sure they were made with sprite or some other carbonated beverage...sooo nasty. The only things this place has going for it is the location and the Hash House. I am so not a picky person whatsoever but this place sucks. If you are planning on ballin on a budget in Vegas, I recommend Excalibur way over this place.
1	Great locations, forget the rest! It's old! I will not stay there again
1	So I guess Imperial Palace is now QUAD RESORT & CASINO. But, it's the same place. Please read my review of IP before reading this review. You can find it right over here:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/imperial-palace-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas#hrid:PmcM2qPVlg96fjp2d6ut7gAnd I just want to add, about 5 months ago I got into a fight with that bald headed boob(I think his name is Kevin or Carl), who is the manager of this place. He literally told me that "YELP SUCKS" and even taunted me to write a bad review. Let me explain to you why this fight occurred:One of my friends came to town and decided to stay here because of the cheap room rates. She lived in West Hollywood most of her life, so she felt comfortable in this atmosphere. But, even West Hollywood can't compare to the f*cked up shit you find here at IP. Just to let you guys know, there was 2 assaults and what might have been a robbery or attempted robbery here on the same floor my friend was staying at. Like I mentioned in my previous review, for the last 2 years there has been a network of thieves who take advantage of the "door defect" that most of the doors here at IP have. The doors have a slight defect where they don't close 100%, and you actually have to slam the door twice to fully close it. The thieves know about this defect and due to the fact that IP has no security guards in front of the entrances to their towers, these thieves have been running this cycle for years. Read all the reviews on IPs page, many of the reviews are from yelpers who fell victim to this network of robbers. While visiting my friend, I actually saw the guys this time. They attempted to try to trick me and pretend they were just guests. They said "hello" to me while they suspiciously walked down the hallway. Both men had New Yorker accents. A few minutes later a lady runs down the hallway telling me that those guys entered her room and then ran out when they noticed she was still inside. The hotel manager is a total rat.  The guests who were almost robbed asked the guy to at least comp their stay and the manager literally tells them: "we don't comp for that. It wasn't our fault." He then tells the guests that the hotel management is aware of  the door malfunction defect and he even went out of his way to show her a small sign that read: "we are not responsible for the door not closing". What this means is that the hotel managers are all cheap motherf*ckers and won't put in the extra cash to fix the defect on the doors. When I was going back to my friends room, the moment we got out of the elevator there was a group of college kids getting the sh!t kicked out of them by more weirdos with New York accents. Now, my friend didn't want to stay here anymore. I asked that bald boob at the front desk for a room change and he practically tells me to f*ck off.  I saw my 2nd assault of the trip at the Pet Stay area. A family was walking their dog to the pet area and some d-bag threw a glass bottle off their balcony at them. The security guard never showed up. Here is the most interesting part... The managers let me know that they think "Yelp is a joke". When I told them that I would write about this on Yelp, he started getting really sarcastic and said that Yelp has no effect on there business. He expressed that no matter how many 1-star ratings they get on Yelp, problem gamblers from out of state will always choose IP because they save money on lodging which means they get to have more money for gaming. There is probably like a 90% chance that something like this will happen to you. For example: You will go down to the poker room to play some cards. When you come back to your room, you notice your door is open. You find your daughter  tied up in the closet, badly beaten. Your wife's neck is snapped. Your oldest son has been thrown off the balcony onto Carnival Court, and no one noticed because of how loud it is. Your youngest son has been abducted and is already being sold to a Thai brothel who will force-inject him with female hormones in order to make him into a transgendered child prostitute. At that moment you will start to think to yourself: "Maybe I should have listened to that weird Tetsuro guy on Yelp, or at least listened to all the negative reviews instead of trying to save $10 a night!"  But, then you decide that you need to rescue your son and avenge your family, so you head off to Thailand and use your special forces training to fight the gangsters that took your son to find out that it was those Australian guys from "Human Nature" who were behind it all along. And all this happened cause you decided to stay at IP for the week.Currently, I've actually decided to film a documentary style video about how dangerous, filthy, and disgusting IP is. In Feb I get 2 free nights through Total Rewards, and while I'm staying there I will document the door defects and hopefully capture one of the many assaults on video. I will upload it on my youtube channel.
2	This was my first experience in Vegas, & I wish to come back to experience a better hotel. The Casino was fine, but check in was HORRIBLE. The hotel check in is right in the middle of the casino & it took us an hour and a half in line with a small dog (the place is dog friendly, whoopee!) to even check in, & we called & reserved before-hand. The unique thing about the Quad is it's an overflow hotel for 4 other major hotels, Flamingo, MGM, Caesars & somewhere else.....it used to be the old Imperial Palace & you can tell, they kept most of the same decor sans some fun new posters...parking was a nightmare & they shut down most of the parking lot for no reason whatsoever...the layout of the hotel is confusing as all heck & if I was drunk coming back to my hotel room, I definitely would be getting lost. I rated 2 stars because the Japanese restaurant in the place is AWESOME & open 24hrs, but everything else is quite lackluster. The "celebrity" performers were pretty interesting....while I suffered in line. Figure out a better queue & put some money into your overflow hotel, guys!!! Price was $90 for two people & a small pet ($100 refunded pet deposit), meh.
1	This place is a dump but its cheap!!!!  We booked the room through hotels.com for $43 a night. We called ahead of time to confirm our double bed NON smoking room and was assured they had a room for us. When we arrived they informed us that they didn't have a non smoking room and that they put us in a smoking room. We told them that was unacceptable and they said for an upgrade we could have a deluxe room which was pretty much what we booked originally. We talked to the manager and she stated that she couldn't do anything for us and she couldn't even wave the up charge. We checked into the "deluxe" room and it was nasty. The carpets were stained, the room had a funky smell, and the bathroom was dirty. There were small hairs all over the bathroom.  It was probably the worst bathroom I've seen in a hotel and I even stay at the Motel 6. After staying one night in that room we had to move to a different room because the bathtub and sink in our bathroom would flood when we used them. We told the manager and she assured us the next room would be cleaner. The bathroom didn't flood but it was the same dirty place. After 5 nights at the quad we were ready to leave. The highlight of the stay was when we found a used latex surgical glove outside our door in the hall. After returning home we called customer service at the Quad and at hotels.com and  both places informed us that nothing could be done about our horrible experience. We will never waste our time or money at the Quad.
1	DISGUSTING - If by saying "you get what you pay for" you mean that you get broken elevators, bathroom sinks that don't drain, a smell that is only slightly less off putting than steer manure, and carpet that is so filthy you should wear socks even to bed, then YES you get what you pay for.  At first we were impressed with the overwhelming number of security guards around the hotel and biking through the parking garage - but after reading the reviews about the hotel safety that now makes sense.  I certainly didn't fear for my personal safety BUT health...that is a whole 'nother story.  I was completely prepared to throw away all our clothing expecting bed bugs, I am happy to say they got one star because they did not have bed bugs.  If you make the mistake of booking this place expect very little and be prepare to be disappointed.
2	The line to check in was hour long from noon to 8 pm absolutly nuts
3	Yes, this is the old Imperial Palace. Yes, it's a dive. I recently paid $135 to stay for 5 nights. Was I expecting the Ritz? Of course not. I've stayed here 4 or 5 times before. It's clean enough. I've never found a bug or hair or bloodstains or anything else completely unsavory. I've never been mugged or had my room broken into. I've come and gone at all hours of the day and night and have never felt unsafe. Not to say that these things do not happen, but it's Vegas. They happen everywhere.If you need a decent enough place to stay and aren't planning on being in your room for too long, I recommend it. Old furnishings, old box tv, only like 10 channels, no free Internet. It's not a place you'd really want to hang out. But why would you be in your room that much anyway? It is Vegas! Go out and do fun things!
1	First, they ARE renovating. That being said....THIS PLACE IS A SHIT HOLE.  I didn't stay here, but I did get to do a 6 day class here.  My co-workers were unlucky enough to stay there, and this is what I was told:** NO hot water most of the time. They were told by the front desk to run the water for 20-30 minutes and it might get warm. *** There are "pushers", people that walk down the corridor and push on the doors. If they open, they rob the room. Security knows about them and warns the guests. Wouldn't you think that they would just fix the doors so they lock when you leave?** There were only two working bathrooms for ALL of the conference rooms. ** The entire 4th floor conference area smelled like raw sewage. ONE BIG, NASTY FART. ** The air conditioner/heat was either on or off. I'm hot natured (manapause), and I actually had to wear a jacket. ** The elevators have senior moments, sometimes they do well and sometimes they fall asleep and forget to come to work. ** The singing dealers?? Y'all know they aren't singing right?? Although they remotely look like the celebrities.... Really, not even close.POSITIVE:  Hash-a-go-go. Great food
1	40 minute wait for check in only to be told "the non smoking room you paid for isnt available. You can either take a smoking room or pay us for the upgrade". Wound up with a room where the light switch didnt even turn anything on or off, that was barely lit by two lamps, and that smelled like it used to be a smoking room anyway. Water in the shower was barely warm even when turned all the way to the hot side. Most frighteningly the door never closed on the first try, whether arriving in my room or leaving it I always had to pull it shut a second time. Its the cheapest hotel around and its clearly for a reason, the other hotels in Vegas are worth the extra money though.
1	Had a terrible experience at this hotel! We got robbed and were greeted with an incompetent security guard who when we asked what to expect from the hotel in response to having nearly 3 grand worth of valuables stolen he told us "In situations like these I request people to turn to the power of prayer!" Apparently the hotel police don't work on the weekends in Vegas so when we confronted the manager about the robbery he said there was nothing he could do because he was not trained and we would have to wait until Monday to talk about the report and what the hotel may be liable for. We lost phones, credit cards and luggage and they did not even offer to let us use phones or computers or comp us for some necessities we were without.  During our visit we ran into countless others complaining about the hotel one man did not have hot water for 4 hours, another woman has sewage come up out of her bathtub and smelt up her room. Terrible hotel, terrible management, terrible, terrible. Don't gamble with this hotel, it's not worth it.!
2	Warning: Do not expect a lot from this place. If you need a cheap stay at Vegas with a decent price and decent place to crash for a couple of hours this is the place. A group of friends and I stayed here recently after they officially called it the "The Quad." The named reminds me of high school where we meet up for lunch. The buildings are still going under construction when you entered. The parking area gets really confusing when we tried to Self Park our car. We had to go through where the taxis and shuttles were coming from. Service:  Check in area is in the casino. My boyfriend and I didn't mind the wait since we waited the dealers who dress up like celebrities (Michael Jackson, Katy Perry, and etc...) started singing. Their staff are friendly and quick service.  Room: Lucky for us we got a balcony with a nice view of the pool that is not open to anyone. Pretty scary if someone just fall out of the balcony and hit the concrete floor. The only available rooms were for smoking but we are not smokers. The rooms are clean no bugs and no stains on the bed. Only problem will be the bathroom. The water won't go down as fast for some reason. Recommendation: This place has a great location; it's in the middle of the strip. If you are not a smoker and don't want to get a smoke room get here before 12AM. Long lines expect a wait for an hour. Don't make the same mistake we did.
1	The only good thing about this place is the price. This place is NASTY!!Everything is old and ran down. The entire place is under construction (which they did not warn of when booking the room). It is extremely hard to find from the strip, we drove past it 10 times without seeing the tiny sign they have out for parking. Self parking is really confusing, the signs are small and hard to see.There are no decent restaurants to eat at in the entire hotelThe carpet is duck taped together and so bunchy and loose in places that you trip over it. The beds and pillows are as soft as concrete! Woke up every morning with shoulder/neck pain and stiffness. The blankets, if you can even call them that are half the size of the bed, if you are sleeping two people to a bed, one will be covered and the other one wont, they are about 3 feet wide. We called ahead to ask if they had safes in the rooms and we were told that all the rooms had safes in them, that is not the case at all, none of the rooms have safes. The rooms were cheap, thats the only good thing I can say.
2	If you are here to spend ONLY sleeping hours in your room...then this  place is an affordable SH*THOLE. I didn't hate this place because for the price, I didn't expect anything...and that's exactly what they delivered. They did LIE when I (like another reviewer mentioned) called and asked if they had a safe in the room. They DO NOT.Anyways, it's a dump, impossible to find even though its on the strip..but hey at least I wasn't raped and murdered while staying here..which I kinda expected to be...so they get an extra star. 2 Stars.
2	Previously known as Imperial Palace is good because of its location on the strip. Smacked in the center and cheap. But, you get what you're paying for, and sometimes less. I've stayed here many times because of comp rooms and because it's just convenient. Here's what I've learned:(1) self-parking is a pain. People take up 2 spots and do not even pay attention to the lines. On top of that, the spots are all compact. If you drive a big car, don't bother. Your options? Valet or park at Harrah's. Harrah has a walkway over to The Quad from the parking structure and there's much more spaces at Harrah's parking lot.(2) Front desk ALWAYS has a line. Be ready to wait to check-in. As for checking out, do it from the TV. Save you time from standing in line again.(3) Always ask for a room in the lowest floor possible. Elevator here is a drag. Better off taking the stairs.(4) NEVER stay in Tower 5. This is right next to the Outdoor club and music will be blasting!(5) $5 blackjack tables are available early morning and ends around 10AM. And that's 5 things you need to know about Imperial.. I mean The Quad, folks!
1	Only 3 receptionists at the lobby for 50 people waiting in the check in line. Took me 1 hour for check in. My room's carpet was old and dirty.7:00 am I woke up from the noise of the construction's trucks (the hotel is under construction)Paid an extra $25 for being able to check in 1 hour earlier (2:00 pm instead of 3:00 pm).  Next day they refused my request for late check out  of 1 hour (I was asking 1:00 pm instead of noon).The management doesn't care about the quality of their services.  Stay away.
1	Don't ever come here unless you want basic and I mean basic customer service. We stayed here Super Bowl weekend, one night they had water issues and shut down everything. When I mean everything, I mean everything except the tables and the slots. We were staying in the hotel and we had no water in our room between 11pm and 7am (not sure 7am is true as writing this while water is out, we will see in a few hours if this time frame is true). We were told if we need the bathroom we should go to the casino next door. So I'm enjoying my time in Vegas (was) and I wake in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom  and I have to go down 10 floors and walk to the hotel next door. There solution to the problem was we will send you some water. Well we had a hot tub room and they were not happy when I said I needed a thousand bottles of water for my room. I know things go wrong and there is not much you can do but to tell you go next door for for the bathroom is a joke. I have stayed at this hotel and casino many times and loved it, it was also called The Imperial Palace. They have changed the name to The Quad, Q can only stand for questionable, because the decisions they made were outrageous.The location is good that is all I can say
3	Honestly the quad is not that bad. we had no problems! Short line for us, no one broke in, and get great deals every time. It's central and convenient.It's obviously not as glamorous as the newer hotels, but I wouldn't mind staying here again.
2	Stayed there for three nights to spend some time with my Dad. I had gotten him a three week stay there so that he could get out of the Minnesota winter. Location is good, between Harrah's and the Flamingo, across from Caesar's Palace. There's a monorail station in back that'll take you anywhere on the Strip quickly.Check-in took at least half an hour on a Friday evening. Why can't there be self-serve kiosks for this?My room was fine. Dated for sure, but clean and comfortable. No complaints.The casino seems really small, so it's pretty crowded. Just walking through it can be trying. There is a lot of construction going on, but I experienced no noise issues - although I requested a "quiet" room at check-in.The bars and restaurants didn't look very appealing, so I never tried them.All in all, I found it a good value, but if it wasn't so cheap, I'd pass.
1	I will immediately point out that I haven't stayed in the rooms.And I never will.They are rebranding The Imperial Palace, so there is construction going on for the facelift, and then the logo and a bit of the lobby is the main completed part of that.Other than that, it is just the same old place.Comparing it to the same time period, The Quad would be $61 a night and no resort fee, and the Cosmopolitan would be $280 a night and a $25/night resort fee. That's still too much for The Quad, it is just awful.If you are young, don't have the money, and plan on spending your entire trip elsewhere and occasionally go back to the room to pass out - that's probably about all this is good for.Even then, that's pushing it - so awful.(again, I haven't stayed there - but I have been there for the car museum a few times)The car museum is fun if you like old cars, but even that is sort of... meh - it would be nice if they moved it to a nicer casino and got rid of the musty smell.There are zero cabs at the place, you may stand in line for well over an hour to get a cab. Nobody goes to this place, so no cabs sit there. It is hard to get to -they have to go in some rear entrances and parking garages to get there.Even if you wanted to stay there and then get cabs elsewhere, it is a pretty far walk - so if you are a girl in super high heels - enjoy that. (also enjoy that if you are a dude in high heels)The place is just depressing as hell - if you want depressing, just go to the old strip.
5	Forget the bad reviews!I stayed there this past tuesday 2/12-2/15 and it was awesome for the price! I got a great deal on www.cheaptickets.com  that came with the hotel+car and I know I saved a lot of money and The Quad was a great hotel for a 4 days 3 night stay.It came out maybe for the hotel just about $67 bucks with NO RESORT FEE! They dont even hold anything (credit cards/cash) at check in. They are having construction going on and I requested a room away from the construction zone and got it (non smoking room). The line went by quick for check in and the lady was super nice. I stayed in the 2nd tower 12th floor room 1235 and it was huge. Clean and everything work perfectly fine! They came to clean in everyday and the beds are super comfy! The parking lot was a bit far but that is in every other hotel in Las Vegas! There is a big sign for the parking entrance on Las Vegas blvd so if you follow the signs to the parking lot you wont get lost!Another great thing was bar on the Lobby (fat Tuesdays) they have great prices for the long yards compare to other places on the strip and you could keep going for a refill for a cheap price and they are yummy!We got free tickets for the recycled percussion show and it was awesome! Once the show is finished people stand our giving flyer of "free tickets" to the Divas show( at the quad) but are actually about $17 per person in the far section of the  showroom.Great location-middle of the strip! so you could pretty much walk anywhere! And for food locations we had Chipotle (which i love) a casino down and McDonalds and a bunch of other places like panda express and so on. The casino is actually good people everywhere but you always could find machines. Complementary drinks and some celebrity impersonators! Great hotel I will definitely stay here again! The Quad IS GREAT FOR THE PRICE :)
1	I don't even know where to begin! I don't like to really write bad reviews.... I think this is my first one! Coming from usually staying in the nicer hotels such as MGM or Caesar's, this was by far the worst Vegas hotel experience ever. FYI: They're currently renovating, so I'm sure once the entire process is complete, it may do some justice! There's a lot of construction so it's very confusing to find your way to the check-in area if you're driving in.Okay.... FIRST: The upsides! It's really really cheap to stay! No resort fees! It's right on the strip as well, so location is good! Housekeeping ladies are friendly! The guys in Valet and Taxi Service are friendly! Beds were clean and no bugs/stains! Free parking!SECOND: The downsides myself and group experienced: Long wait time to check in, took 30+ minutes, and the check-in lady was very dry. Interior on many floors such as hallways are disgusting. There weren't any ice machines available to us. The pillows were either extremely lumpy, uneven, or hard as a rock. The rooms smelled like sewage. The ceiling was starting to cave in-in the rooms. The water in the bathroom would either stay cold or get extremely hot. The hinge to pull for shower faucet was broken in the room so couldn't use shower. The tub drain is clogged. The hair dryer in the room sparked and popped in my face twice and then stopped working. Half the elevators weren't working. My tower had ONE working elevator, so the time to get up and down took very long! They charge a full day to have late/extended check out. OH BY THE WAY: I had a "Suite" room!THIRD: The biggest thing was customer service! Everything else would've been manageable if the hotel customer service were understanding or just NICE about all the issues. We tried to change rooms due to the problems, but they wouldn't work with us, were very rude, and hung up when we asked for a supervisor. I also witnessed an employee yelling at someone in the casino for crossing in front of her even after they said sorry. FINALLY: Soooo all-in-all, you get what you pay for! Cheers! :)
2	The QUAD is extremely disappointing. I had high expectations for the name change, that REAL change is coming. Other than some upgraded external decor, it's still the old crappy Imperial Palace. I've actually stayed here numerous times, and it's always the same (Only reason we stay here is because of its price, CHEAP! and the convenient location)The parking is small and terrible. My recommendation is to park next door at Harrahs, then cross over to the QUAD from where the Monorail is. NEVER EVER stay in Tower 5. My last visit, the front desk got us a room in Tower 5, and its apparently RIGHT IN FRONT of the OUTDOOR CLUB. Music was blasting non stop into the night until we complained and got a room change.The rooms are small and antiquated (They don't even have LCD TV's!). Can't forget to mention how worn out the room is. Cracks and stains on the floor are pretty prevalent.Overall AVOID AT ALL COST!The only pro's to the QUAD is the location and the price. It's conveniently located right across the street from Caesars Palace, and its right in the center of the Strip.
1	Horrible! The check in took an hour! The place is run down and dirty. The elevators are filthy, we will NEVER go back there!
3	Have you ever been out drinking with friends, and then woke up the next morning in Vegas? Don't judge me. There were no tigers or babies, and our crew was intact. But we did need a room, and this place was the only hotel that had available rooms at the last minute (when the above example happens, you don't exactly think things through).Rooms were $80 a night. When we checked in, the beds were unmade, and there were a few beer cans. Not bad, but it would have been nice if they cleaned the room, and housekeeping didn't come for hours. The air conditioner was super loud too.This used to be Imperial Palace. It looks like it's going through an exterior remodel, but other than slapping "Quad" signs up to replace the IP ones, everything was exactly the same. I hope the rooms get upgraded too. The good: it's cheap, there is a Fat Tuesday and decent restaurants, and mostly clean. You also don't have to wander through a hopeless labyrinth to get to your room from the lobby, like at the Venetian. No resort fees, either. It was one of the few cheap hotels on the Strip, and I hope they don't remodel TOO much and skyrocket the rates. Service and cleanliness could be better, and it could definitely use some TLC and upgrades.
3	You get what you pay for. I don't understand why a lot of people expect much from this place given the price and then complain about it. It's not the Wynn! We got a room right above the Carnival Court (Tower 5). The woman at the front desk informed us that it would be noisy due to the live music and such until 4 AM,  but we didn't mind. It was nice to have music play while we relaxed and drank. And it is Vegas! Who complains about the music playing into the wee hours of the morning? If you do, you're not in Vegas for the right reasons. Go home and go to sleep by midnight!Our room was clean, our shower drain was working (as opposed to a lot of people saying they didn't work properly) and it was a nice sized room overall. The only two complaints that I have (and is why I didn't give it more stars) was the music starting at noon. By 3 PM I have had my daytime drinks and like to nap, but with the music starting so soon, it was nearly impossible to even get an hour of napping time. The second is that it was difficult finding an ice machine on our floor. In regards to the casino floor, yes it is an older hotel so it isn't very large. They have a few food places. The breakfast buffet was good, not great and they don't have dinner buffet. I liked that the rooms had open balconies. We hung out on the balcony, drank and danced to the music and people watched. I would definitely come back here again if I am looking for a cheap place to crash for the night.
1	This was the single worst hotel experience I have ever had in Las Vegas, and I have stayed in over 10 hotels both on & off the strip.  --The rooms: the sheets were clean and the beds were comfy.  The pillows were nice.  Everything else was a disaster, from the tiny balcony littered with cigarette butts to the ancient, rusty shower head to the stains on the carpet (big, ugly stains).  --Wi-Fi:  You had to pay for it, but that seems to be the norm now.  It was slow, and every single time I put my computer to sleep I had to re-enter my code.  --Sound: There is an outdoor music venue that has live music and a DJ next door.  It was LOUD (as in, I could hear every song in my room).  The place goes until 4AM, EVERY NIGHT.  This means you cannot sleep unless you turn on the air-con / heater to drown it out.  And then you are either too hot or too cold. When you CAN'T SLEEP ion your hotel, you have a problem.  --The casino: Filled with the ugliest people America has to offer.  At least two truly scary people accosted me at some point.  The line to check in was ALWAYS long, whether at 8:00pm or 8:00am.  A group of dealers double as entertainment; they dress up like stars and sing.  They shouldn't and can't.  And with the exception of Michael Jackson,they don't look like the people they are impersonating.  It's just really really sad.--The food: The Has House place is awful; the only reason people go is because of the huge portions.  The worst, though, is Betty's Cafe in the back.  The service was shockingly bad (I waited in a line of 8 people for 17 MINUTES) for a coffee and donut.  The coffee was so hot that I couldn't hold it through the cardboard sleeve.  Not even Starbucks burns it that badly.
3	This was about my fifth or sixth time staying at The Quad (formally Imperial Palace), so I knew what I was in for. They are remodeling the front of the hotel, the entrance is done as well as the registration. The room was cleaner than I remember and the staff was friendlier as well. Maid was VERY helpful as well as check in staff. Now I have never had a problem with the doors here, but I did this time around. Apparently our door didn't close all the way and I had left some valuables in the room which were stolen. I wasn't the only room this weekend who got robbed. However, this doesn't discourage me from staying in the future because of how inexpensive it is, the location, and the service. This is just a warning: make sure your door is locked and you don't bring anything worth a lot of money that you plan to keep in the room. I am prepared to be cautious in the future.
2	Still old, still warn but they seem to have increased the airflow quite a bit so not as smokie...smoky?? At any rate that is a good change. They have some good shows here. seems to be a little of an older crowd on the floor but looks like they are trying to "modern" up a bit. Auto collection is always a good reason to stop by (free tic at autocollections.com  hash house is still upstairs if you are in the mod for some twisted farm food. Also doing a bunch of work out back (roads are a mess) where they are building a giant skywheel thingie. Hopefully more improvements to come.
5	I would stay here again anytime. The rooms were cheap, it is in the center of all the action on the strip. The rooms were clean but old. The carpet in the halls was old but not terrible dirty. I am very picky about hotel rooms and this one passed the test. I brought my little black light flashlight to check the room for bodily fluids and was surprised to find none. Some in our group had rooms closer to the Carnival Bar so it was noisy but mine was not. There were a lot of maintenance people around so you can see that improvements are being done. I like the casino, all the staff I encountered were pleasant. If you want Egyptian cotton sheets and towels and granite counters, this is not for you. If you want a cheap ($15) clean room - you cant beat this place. Stayed for 4 nights and our group had 9 rooms total and no one saw a bug!!!
1	if i could give a minus to this hotel i would.lets start that they renamed it inappropriately, it should not be called The Quad, but The Qrap.where to start on this i do not know. lets start with the only upside of this hotel is the fact that they have balconies (if you don't mind bird droppings all over the place).my mother flew in from Toronto to visit me for my birthday, she got the cheapest price available, and was given the Quad as her hotel. i would have had her stay with me, but as i'm a smoker and smoke in my home, this was not an option (plus 24 hours a day, for 4 days with my mother and i would be ready for the looney bin, but that's another story). at first she was excited about being there, as she had stayed at the Imperial ten years prior, and had a good time and experience, needless to say a lot can happen in a decade.we arrived at the hotel at around midnight, and the only optimistic thing i could say was the woman who checked us in, Debbie, was a delight.we asked for a room away from the noise of the nightclub, as my mother is 70 years old, techno music till 4am is not for her. the room we were given, aside from being dated, was FILTHY. the blankets at the foot of the bed had stains on them, that looked like dried semen, and there were even brown smudges that looked like fecal matter. after a 4 hour flight, plus 2 hours at the airport before departure and another 2 hours clearing customs (because apparently all Canadians are terrorists), my mother wanted to take a shower, however the tub was filthy, with clumps of hair and dust bunnies that had accumulated at the bottom of the tub, and the drain was useless and obviously there just for decorative purposes, because it had no function whatsoever.after calling the front desk, and requesting someone to come to clean and unclog the drain, they said someone would be there in 15 minutes. after 45 minutes still waiting, nobody showed up. i called a few more times, and they kept promising me that somebody was coming shortly. finally at 1am, i decided to go home, went down to front desk and told them, they have 30 minutes to have the problem rectified while my mother took a walk throughout the casino.when i got home by 1.30, i called again. reception kept telling me that the room number that my mother was in was not assigned, and that they had no record of that guest. THREE times i called, finally being able to connect to her phone. and STILL nobody had come to clear the drain.till 4am i was on the phone with a manager, who finally told me it was taken care of...needless to say she lied.when i got there the next morning, the tub HAD been cleaned, and the blankets replaced, but the drain was still nothing more than a useless hole. she spoke to someone in engineering, who put THREE calls in to have it fixed, and still nobody showed up. after i went BACK to the front desk to really complain and let them have it, the manager did some checking, other than the fact that after SIX calls and complaints, there was NO RECORD of it ANYWHERE, the woman who i had spoken to the night before apparently does not exist and is a phantom, the engineering man my mother spoke to also is a ghost. i have not seen such poor operation of a business since i started paying attention to politics. the hotel is run like a government where nobody knows what anybody else is doing, and will not take responsibility for anything.finally, they decided to move her to another room, this one was at least slightly cleaner. as for the hotel, i have seen charity casinos that pop up for a week or two in Toronto, in better shape than this. the casino (and i'm talking about the renovated section) is pathetic. i was told that the renovations would be going for 24 hours a day for TWO years. my suggestion, they need to start with the renovation of the rooms, staff, computers, and elevators (during the time there, out of the 4 elevators on display, only ONE was working.). because if they keep the interior of The Qrap the way it is, by the time the renovations are complete, they will have no guests wanting to stay there.so if you're coming to Vegas, save yourself the headache and the B.S. by saving an additional $100 to $150 for your trip and stay somewhere nicer. you're worth it, their hotel is NOT.
1	I stayed at this hotel in Jan 2013 and it was the most horrible experience I ever had in Vegas. Our first night there we had our room broken into and all of our things were stolen. We called the hotel security and all he did was take our report. He stated that he can not do anything but take  a report. The next morning we went to talk to the manager and he said that he could not do anything but feel sorry for our lost. He said it was not his department and we had to contact the loss prevention, which they only work Mon-Fri. We still do not know who broken into our room and hotel is not doing anything at all. We had a couple of grand worth of stolen things and the hotel can not do anything about it. I would never stay here again. I guess you get what you pay for. Please be careful with your things if you are staying here and do not leave anything expensive or personal. You can not trust this hotel.
1	Don't let the name change fool you, this was pretty bad. Maybe after they're done with the remodeling it will be better, and I know you get what you pay for - only problem is we still overpaid! Went to check in around midnight, took over an hour to get into our room. I know it's not the front desk's fault, but they were pretty unapologetic about the mile long wait to check in. Our room was so bad - my sister stepped in a "sticky" spot in the carpet and from there on we didn't want to be barefoot in our own "hotel" room. Ordered a drink at the bar and was told it only would've been comped if I played a minimum of $20 (which is what I threw in) BUT had to play max bet every hand. Never EVER in my life have I heard this - and I've been to Vegas way too many times to admit.
1	This place is gross, but like the other reviewers said, you get what you pay for. I didn't stay here but my bro-in-law was. The rooms were less than $50/ night. We came to gamble because we heard about the "dealer-tainers." Dealers that are dressed as different entertainers and perform.If it wasn't for the fact that they had to introduce themselves before their song, I would not know who they were supposed to be. Tables are CHEAP. $3 and $5. The casino and hotel are still under construction....hazards are everywhere. There was a lot of security. And it was really bright on the gaming floor. kinda like they don't trust their patrons.Lots of loud drunk people that weren't playing giving commentary on on how others play. Not cool. Don't stand there, not play and blow smoke in my face and drop your ashes on the table. I will NOT be returning. I guess I'm a snob, so I'm sticking with the resort casinos. The people and dealers are so much nicer.
3	Decent place for the price.  Right now it is a bit of a mess with all of the renovating going on, so prepare for getting through a maze to check in.  If you arrive in the evening, also be ready for a long wait to get your keys.The rooms are okay and similar to what you would find at a Motel 6 or Super 8.  We were able to snag one night here for $18 which was an incredible deal!  Another night was $65 due to a convention (other properties were well over $100).If this is your one and only trip to Vegas, I would skip this resort.  However, if you are a regular and just need a convenient place to crash, The Quad isn't a bad way to go.
1	This place is great.....assuming you don't mind filthy carpets that are coming apart at the seams, poor customer service, and a TV that was made before you were born. It is by far the worst hotel I've stay at in Vegas over the past 20 years. And that's saying something. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!!!
2	the attempt to upgrade this place from the dump of imperial palace it used to be seems to going OK.their cocktail waitresses are super nice and the staff is very friendly.i would never stay here but i do love the tables, always super cheap.a better place than what imperial palace used to be, but still not a good option for accommodations on your trip unless you're looking for something super cheap!
1	The horror, the horror!!Stayed here one night for the price before flying out, and it was awful. Very outdated, and they stack the floors smoking, non-smoking, so if you're not a smoker, you have a whole floor or them below and above you. Woke up at 1am with an asthma attack and had to stay in the bathroom for an hour with steam from the shower just to be able to breathe. Was on hold for 30 minutes to get through to the front desk, but got through right away on my cell. To no help though because they had no idea how to help me. Didn't even offer to switch rooms or comp my room. Construction everywhere, ghetto balconys and adjoining doors! My neighbor was super sick so I had to line the door with a towel to keep the disease from getting through. And you could hear EVERYTHING. Ugh. Run, do not walk!!
3	Price & location is a steal & it's looking nice with all the changes, if only the rooms were just a nice. I love the balcony to the rooms BUT it's pretty ghetto, MAKE SURE YOUR DOOR IS COMPLETELY CLOSeD & LOCKED there is a lot of break ins here so be careful!
2	Can do way better. Service sucks. Definitely needs to be cleaned up way more. It's pretty ghetto, here. Definitely don't gamble here
4	Didnt gamble, just hung out in lounge. Singers who also dealt black jack were fun. Cocktail waitress Anji was top notch.
1	One star is being generous.  As we were checking in we observed hookers taking their "Jon's" into the hotel and we watched one get kicked out by security.  The rooms are filthy, I didn't feel comfortable walking bare foot let alone take a shower. The carpets are stained and the bathrooms are disgusting.
1	So I have read about the renovation of the Imperial Palace into something new and worthy of staying. Also, I had cheap on the mind. Well, I struck out by picking The Quad as my choice of casinos to stay on my latest trip to Las Vegas. I should have done more research. The room I stayed in was just a regular room. The air conditioning/heating unit was so loud that I had to go and buy some ear plugs or run the thing when I was out of the room on the coldest setting and turn it off when I wanted to sleep. The TV was a 30 or 24 inch tube TV. Very cheap. Also, my room was the farthest point away from the ice machine. It literally took me about 10-15 minutes to walk to the ice machine and back. The elevators was so dirty that it smelled. Also, if you had to walk through a smoking room level, you could barely breath. The worst thing was that I arrived at the Quad on a Sunday night around 9:45 pm. It took the front desk 1 hour to check me in. The line was short when I got in it ( it was about 40 people deep). When I left it had to stretch to about 100-120 people. YIKES!!! Also, there was construction going on during my stay. On the last day that I was there, all the gaming machines were removed from the floor. So I guess if you wanted to gamble you had to leave your casino and head next door to the Flamingo or to Harrah's or Casino Royale.  The elevators in the parking garage were so filthy that I felt like I had to take a shower or drench myself in hand sanitizer after using them. So I tried using the stairs once and that might have been worst. It smelled of urine. I don't even know where the pool for the Quad was at or if it was even worth going to. All the decor inside the casino was still the old Imperial Palace. The only good thing that I can say about the Quad was that Hash House A Go Go is located inside of it. The Quad is going to have to prove to me when the construction is done that it is worth another stay. Otherwise, when I head to Vegas on my next trip, I will stay some where else.
3	The music outside is loud and plays constantly it finally stopped late in the night. Bed is clean, linens are white, with down alternative filling. Not centralized air, unit in the room functions well though. Tub/shower has shelves for your products. For the most part, at this time, most of the decisions and furniture are old from the Imperial Palace era. But there is obvious construction happening throughout the hotel/casino. I have high hopes for vast improvements. The signs within the resort to find valet, are confusing and the staff further exacerbated the confusion because they too, didn't know where the valet was. Check in line was long and slow. Took 40 minutes to get a room key card. For now, until the re-vamp is done, I give this place a 6.5/10. But it was a very affordable rate on NASCAR weekend. (I didn't attend that)
1	Bad. Very bad. I had to walk down 16 flights of stairs yesterday with my luggage. Our toilet didn't work our lights didn't work. And we got stuck in handicap room when all i wanted was a bathtub. We waiting to "complain" but the lines were FOREVER long. Just don't go here, avoid at all costs.
1	The worst hotel stay ever. My husband and I packed for a spur of the moment weekend getaway to Vegas for our Honeymoon. Next time it will be a planned getaway. Never been to Vegas before we booked at the Quad because it was reasonably priced and the web stateded newley remodeled. As we checked in we were excited to get to are rooms and hit the town also they upgraded our room to a deluxe room because it was our honeymoon which was great so we thought. As soon as we opened the doors to the room we immediatly were in awe of how OLD and outdated the room was. The room smelled like smoke but we were in a non-smoking room. the sliding glass door was broken,TV was a old 27 inch tube and the carpets were so DIRTY we kept are socks on the whole time. I called to complain but was told we were in a deuxe room and that was all that was available. We did stay but only to sleep and we checked out the next morning. Also the worst part was i woke up with to BIG bumps on my face and my husband with a STYE. Avoid this hotel at all cost it is so FILTHY and you may wake up with a surprise. If i could give this hotel a big fat ZERO rating I would have but my only option was a 1 star
4	Not nearly as bad as I expected after reading these reviews. I requested not to be in tower 5, which may have been why I enjoyed my experience at The Quad. The room I stayed in had been updated.. Flat screen, granite counter tops, and all white bedding. The decor was still a little outdated and the layout was very confusing because of the construction, but for $25 a night we couldn't complain AT ALL. I would absolutely stay here again. Just don't order the room service. Speedy, but not tastey.
3	DO NOT STAY HERE! DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY TO BE PISSED OFF. This was like a stay at the Bates Motel without the murder. The dirt and stains all over my room was the good part. Pubiic hair all over the room made me checkout  within 5 minutes of walking into the room. You have been warned do not stay here.
3	This place used to be the Imperial Palace hotel & Casino. I am sad that it is gone.  The Center Strip area is in desperate need of a dive establishment to serve the regular working class crowd. I found it difficult to distinguish between The Quad and Planet Hollywood. I can't believe "Hipsters" are taking over Vegas. The rail station inside is a plus.
3	Darn!  My full review was too long so I've had to truncate it.They're in the process of mainstreaming it to become anyhotel, anycity, + a casino.  And that's apparently what today's hipsters want - safe, clean and simple.  Okay, I admit the original Imperial Palace was pretty much a dump.  I'd never stayed in the rooms until now, but based on the prices going back 30 years, it's always been at the bottom end.  The casino, I do remember - dark, smoky, and with multiple levels to reach odd groupings of restaurants and shows.  However, at least it was themed as per the hotel's name.  The exterior (when it still had a somewhat normal entrance off LV Blvd) was rather nice - Asian font neon on the sign (when there was still room for a sign in front), matching roof decor on each tower, and a blue strip of neon to connect it all together.I remember first hearing about the conversion to "The Quad" and just being disgusted by the total lack of imagination with the name.  But, I'd seen that the partial lobby remodel had been revealed, and finding a $30 price tag for a Thursday night in a really great Strip location, I decided it was time to see for myself.So, the parts that are done are fine - they're modern, simple and clean.  There's not a single flashing, energy-draining light anywhere.  If model homes come with all the latest simplistic and refined designs, we'll call this a model casino.  It has NO theme and is simply - safe.  Oh, and add in a thumping soundtrack turned up loud in all the common areas, and the place suddenly has a "vibe" to help replace what's been lost from the lack of coin clinks in the slot machines.Check-in was pretty simple, thanks to arriving at about 2:30 on a Thursday.  The sign said that early check-in may be available "for a nominal fee".  I was not about to pay anything extra for the "privilege" of getting into my room 90 minutes before the published time, so I was ready to march my happy ass back to the car and leave the luggage there.  But since they weren't full, the friendly front desk agent told me it was no problem to check in now, and didn't even mention extra fees.  She did make it clear, however, that even if I wasn't going to put down a credit card for incidentals, that she "did need to collect the resort fee up front".  I chuckled to myself, since there are NO amenities here, but went ahead and paid it because I'd already read ahead of time that it existed.  The front desk is currently located in a narrow corridor where a temporary wall has been constructed to block off the back casino, which is currently being rebuilt, so it feels very congested.  I was already having respiratory attacks from the smoke in this area, so that, combined with the boxed-in feeling in the area almost caused me a panic attack but I sucked it up and did some slow breathing, and thankfully made it out of there with my key.The clerk also assumed I wanted King non smoking, which is correct, but I was very surprised and happy.  She then asked if I wanted a low or high floor, followed by did I want noisy or quiet.  I said high floor and quiet, but in retrospect, I bet if I had said "noisy" I may have gotten a strip view.  Oh well.  So, quiet apparently means the back tower that runs perpendicular to the Strip.  And high floor meant..the very top floor!  For 30 bucks, I was pretty impressed with being given so many options and for that, I was grateful.Unfortunately, that's where my excitement ended.  The elevators are so tiny, you seriously feel like any more than 5 people is a sardine can going up and down those shafts.  VERY uncomfortable.  That, combined with the obviously-lower-class clientele, who were all uniformly either drunk or high, made those rides to and from the top floor miserable.  But I digress.So, the room. You can tell it was value-engineered.  I'd seen on the website that there were classic and deluxe rooms; the main difference being that the deluxe featured the newer white linens and no bedspreads, whereas the classic still had the old print bedspreads and matching curtains/wallpaper borders.  I guess I got lucky :|  The room was clean enough and everything was in working order, but it was just...depressing.  So bland, no personality whatsoever.  Everything's white.  There's no visual stimulation at all.  I LOVE being in hotel rooms, and I couldn't wait to get out of here.The balcony is frightening, and I love hotels with balconies.  You step outside, with just a huge, heavy slab of concrete rebarred into surrounding supports keeping you from plummeting to your death.  I reached up and felt the blue tiles of the hotel's roof.  Every time I stood out there, my balls crept up inside my skin.  I'm not afraid of heights.You know how when you're 20 and broke and go apartment shopping in the crappy parts of town?  And you walk in to view your studio and it's unfurnished and all the fixtures, plumbing and electrical are old and worn from another t?   That's this hotel.
3	stayed here with my boyfriend over valentines day weekend, overall our stay was good. you cant beat 125 for 4 nights.  Only 2 bad things i can say about the hotel, 1-the check in line was ridiclious, 2- the water smelled.Other than those two things we had nothing to complain about, the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We did hear other couples in the elevator talking about sewage coming up in their bathtubs. we are going back and staying there in april and only paying 43 bucks for 5 days. cant beat that.  and cant complain when its in the middle of the strip and extremely cheap. we arent there to spend time in the hotel room. for 43 bucks i will lay my head there again and again.
1	It's under construction so there are lots of areas that are closed off or have plastic sheets blocking you off - occasional loud noise just from that. The line for checkin is really long, but it moves. The rooms are okay at best - we didn't even get a "Do Not Disturb" sign, though. Oh, and by far the most confusing walk from the parking garage depending on where you end up. Yes, more so than at other casinos.The casino is on the smaller side, but it's okay.
1	Okay, so when we first made the reservation to stay at The Quad, I initially thought it was the old Sahara Hotel.  I have very fond memories of the Sahara, and was bummed when I found out it was closed.  But then, I was informed that The Quad was actually the old Imperial Palace.  I hated that place back in the day, and The Quad seems to be in perfect position to take it's place.Yes, the place is under construction, so there are workers everywhere, dust, tarps, etc. I get it, but maybe a place that requires that much renovation should be completely shut down until all the work is done.We got to our room and basically dropped our luggage and left (Las Vegas mandate).  When we finally got back to our room late that night (or early the next morning, I really can't recall) it was evident that even though we were literally ready to pass out, we were not going to be sleeping much that night.  Apparently our room was just above the hotel bus terminal, with busses coming and going ALL NIGHT!  Busses idling, backing up with the obligatory back up warning beeping, and air brake noise.  And if that wasn't bad enough, there was also some sort of trash compactor down there that was running throughout the night.  So the next day I went to the front desk and asked for a room change. They accommodated us but the new room wasn't much better.  Both rooms were dated and were in desperate need of a remodel.  There were no real towel racks in the bathrooms and the plumbing was so loud, it sounded like the toilets were going to explode when flushed.  The second room was right next door to a loud, late night party.  Really?  The whole town of Vegas is a party and these idiots have to party in their dank, dark hotel room??  Eventually they did turn down their thumping music.  So we got a few minutes of peace and quiet before the hotel fire alarm went off.  That's right, a blaring siren coming from the loud speaker in the room.  I knew it was a false alarm and could hear someone fumbling to say something over the PA system.  Sure enough, the voice said to disregard the fire alarm.  I think it was about 1:00am when this happened. The place as a whole did not flow.  It seemed as though all of the different areas (casino, front desk, restaurants) were compartmentalized.  Up the escalator, down the hall, up another flight of stairs, etc.  There was no rhyme or reason to anything. Two of the four keys we were given for the two separate rooms initially worked and then failed later.  Good thing we were given two keys for each room.  Waiting in that ridiculous front desk line was absolutely not an option.  One bright spot was the restaurant, Hash House A Go Go.  Great food, HUGE portions and decent service.  My wife ordered a pancake that was as big as a hubcap!  The bottom line is, this place was a dump when it was the Imperial Palace, and is still a dump today as The Quad.  I don't think that all the renovation in the world is going to help.
1	I think Caesars Entertainment is wasting their money on renovating this old downtrodden hotel and it should've been imploded years ago!Originally it was suppose to be imploded and Harrah's was going to use the land to expand the Flamingo and Harrah's Hotel Towers but decided to keep it when the economy tanked. If it had been imploded,  it would've ended up like the Stardust and the Frontier and be a waste of unused space in this prime area for Las Vegas tourists to spend their $$$. I've received comp rooms for Imperial Palace and now the Quad but I didn't want to risk my life and my pricey travel attire for some cheap rundown room, so I decided to stick with the Mirage where security is top notch and up to modern standards. Just walking around the casino and looking at the old common areas makes me feel lucky I can afford a hotel like the Mirage.Happy Travels!
1	If you are looking for cheap on the strip go somewhere else for cheap.  This place is horrible.  1) Check in took over an hour2) They couldn't even give us directions to our room3) The room looked like a Motel 6 room4) Noisy, as in the walls are very thin and you can hear the conversation in the room next to you at all hours. Don't stay if you have a choice.  Spend a few bucks more so you don't feel like you have to Purell every 5 minutes in your room.
2	Used to be the Imperial Palace.  It is like a maze in there and it is outdated even though they are doing renovations.  It was very affordable and clean though.  The thing that bothered me was that my window on the 12th floor didn't lock.  Not that I would think someone would be stupid enough to go out on the balcony and walk into my room, but in Vegas, you just never know!
1	Definitely won't be staying here again. They're working on renovations, but so far there's nothing special about this place. It's old and run down. The check/in line seemed never ending and was so long it was difficult to get past it just to get out of the hotel. On top of that, now a few months after our stay my friend got a call from a collection agency (room was in his name) claiming that he owed a ton of money for room damage. We didn't damage anything in  the room, and we definitely did not smash the tv like they're claiming, and the hotel never made any attempt to contact him after we left, like they're also claiming. I guess scamming people is how they're paying for their renovations. If you do decide to stay here, take pictures as proof you didn't destroy anything before you go...
1	Visited here to check out the "Auto Collections" car exhibit with a free coupon.Walking through the hotel itself - it was old, "runned-down" and messy.
1	Do not stay here! Bunch of crooks! I stayed there for 3 nights 2 months ago. Jan 24-26. Had and early flight on Sunday the 27 got up watched the news then left for the airport. Now yesterday I'm getting a call from a collection agency saying I owe then 1700$! Sounds like a total scam. So I call the hotel an they claim the tv was kicked in the toilet flooded the room and there was soap and shit all over the walls saying I'm responsible. Now vandalizing a room is the last thing I'd do, I'm an EMT on an ambulance and working towards the fire dept so not only could I not afford to do something like that and possibly risk my job but I just don't act that way. So here we are 2 months later hearing from a collections agency, the hotel never tried to get in contact with me, never charged my credit card they have in file and refusing to file a police report which they're required to do. So I've gotten to police involved my self and been in contact working on getting it resolved because the managers I've talked to seem to have better things to do. They have however said they would lower the charge to half the price which is another suspicious thing. So all in all boycott the quad!
1	Worst experience ever. First it was a driving maze just to find the entrance,  then another to find the correct elevator.  Forget about parking your car if you arrive at night. The valet and self parking are full but you don't know this until you drive around looking for a space for a half hour.  When you complain you are told to park at Harrah's next door.  The money you save staying here isn't worth the frustration.
1	What's happening here? It is hard to remember the specifics of my visit, but here's what I left with: bamboo chairs, KISS impersonators, Egyptian hieroglyphics, oxygen machines, a stunning, modern circle drive.Probably none of those things were actually in the Quad, but things like them, so much that I thought all those things could be in one place. Why not close Quad until it's fully transitioned? Bite the bullet, give up the revenue and get 'er done.
1	Pretty shitty place enough said stay away!
2	we walked through, just to check out what happened to our old stomping ground. first thing that came to mind: dry. it was just a weird feeling seeing Michael Jackson and Dolly Parton dealing blackjack, but, it wasn't the IP anymore. the walls were all barren and desolate. i don't think they were done rebuilding the place. we got a round of drinks at the bar, looked around and got out. too eerie.the jury is still going to be out until i come back and stay here.
1	PLEASE READ. Absolutely horrible. If you are young and honestly don't care where you stay this is probably perfect for you- for everyone else, pay the extra money. it is seriously disgusting. I wore my socks in the shower because of the filth. As it stands we just got back to our room and the beds weren't made but worse- they don't even have sheets or a blanket anymore... We just wanted a decent place to sleep- that's all- and the horribly stained floors, wall panels that are actually falling off, walls that haven't been cleaned maybe ever, furniture that is ripped into pieces or falling apart... Please trust me as an avid yelp reader... Stay away.
3	Good : Jeff Civilico Show, Recycled Percussion Show, Hash House Go go .Bad: Bartenders: my friends drank and played vidoe poker at the bar for hours, I played slots across the way, I  joined them and asked for a bottle of water since I was the DD...told $2, even though I was gambling and my friends were tipping them while playing video poker for hours, lame.Parking is bad due to construction.
1	Went there to play a $5 free slot play coupon through Total Rewards, that I got when I checked in at the Rio. They told me that I had already claimed the free slot play coupon , (I had it in my hand?) I asked them to show me ANY points I accumulated  at that casino, they couldn't because I didn't put 1 dollar in any slot machines. Place is a dump
3	First i wanna kno why r people bitching about the quad when u only pay 13.99 per nite and its in the middle.of the strip. Ur in vegas to party and have a good time. Who goes to vegas to sleep? As long as u just want a place to get a few hrs of sleep and a shower the quad is.perfect. Ive stayed there 3 times and never have had a problem.
1	The only reason im giving this hotel is because the rooms are nice and thats about it. I went this weekend and the line to check was an hour and half wait. My friend went to check us in and i was a little behind her and a security guard stopped me and asked if i was checking in. I said no my friend is so he told me to wait there. Then the line for check in starting getting bigger so i had to keep moving back. This was the worst customer service. I will never stay here again. Oh and the line to check in was like that all day cause for some stupid reason check in was at 4
1	Do I really have to give this one star?  Where to begin?  First tip off that our stay was going to be less than great, less than good, less than bad...the check in line.  Over an hour wait to check in to an overbooked hotel, it's like they expect for some of the guests to go to their room and imediately check out.  Reserved an upgraded non smoking room, received a standard smoking rooom.  Went to the front desk and asked to be moved to the room that was reserved, no can do, sold out.  After an aweful night sleep, uncomfortable bed, fighting in the halls and the smell of MJ all through out, we started shopping for another hotel.  Called the front desk and spoke to a manager, told the manager that we would be checking out at noon and requesting a refund if not moved to a better, quieter room.  Almost completely reserved at the Rio when the manager calls and says a new room will be available in 2 hours.  Do we risk it?  One in our party wanted to just make do and so we stayed.  The lobby and casino are straight up stressful.  Packed elevators (took the stairs a lot), long waits, and inebriated 21 year olds every where.  Not enough security to handle that many people, although I did observe one security evicting a prostitute that was trying to talk her way into an elevator with an older man.  Spend the extra $$ and go next door to Flamingo or Harrah's, you will be thankful you did.
2	Oh dear.Teetering on one star, this didn't do me any bodily harm. But it sure is annoying, run down, and in some places, disgusting. We stayed here one night on a recent NCAA tournament opening weekend, just to save money the night everyone arrived, before moving to baller-ier digs at the Venetian. It sure did save money, several hundred dollars, but...yeah.First off, an hour wait to check in? Maybe a few more check in folks might help, guys? Maybe the security guard stationed in the check in lobby to keep order could do a better job of keeping people from just arbitrarily cutting in line? I had to do a little police work myself. The elevators and hallways smell terrible...stale body odor. But the smell thankfully didn't reach in to our room. Once I got to the room, let's just say they don't match the rest of Las Vegas. But for $70 a night? I guess you can barely complain. Beds are actually fine...bathrooms are clean...For a quick hit stay,  I suppose it's fine, but if this was where I had to return to every night, I would be pretty disappointed.Will I stay here again? I tell myself no, but money talks. If we find ourselves flying in the Wednesday before the round of 64 next year, would we do this again to save practically $400 over the cost of Venetian rooms? Yeah, we totally would. I'll just look at it is...a way to appreciate the better hotels.But...you know what? They *did* have fitted sheets. And they had bathroom ventilation...in name only. But that means it avoids *both* lists. Maybe I like this place after all?
1	The absolute worst hotel experience I've had in my life! Really there is so much to complain about I could write a book. Where to begin? Well, checking in at 11pm on Thursday night was going to take 3-4 hours, so I didn't even get to see my room until 4:30 in the morning. I refused to just stand in the humungous line of over 300 people, so instead I went sight seeing with friends who were staying at a normal hotel across the street. Guess this is what I get for being cheap! Although the rooms were really inexpensive, I would have paid to leave this place. My other big complaint was their parking garage. It is a giant nonsensical mess of pillars, with no signs directing which way to go. Cars weave every which way, some going the wrong way and almost causing head on collisions. It took me almost half an hour just to cross Las Vegas Blvd to get to the garage portion. Then I had to follow a huge maze, dodging pillars and pedestrians, before finally finding parking. Once I FINALLY got to my room at 4am, I found that it was decent. It was up on a higher level with a partial strip view, and I think the carpeting was new. The bed was very comfortable, and the room had a small balcony. They upgraded me to this "VIP" room after losing my original reservation. Thank god, because if this was for VIPs, I can't even imagine what a regular room would've looked like! It was very basic, but at least clean. That's more than I can say for the rest of this casino. At the lobby, gift shop areas, and check in desk, the carpeting was absolutely filthy. The entire property stunk of rancid cigarette smoke, as did the clientele. Everyone walking around in the place looked like bums or out of work hookers. There were a few average joes like me roaming around, who looked absolutely horrified at their surroundings. Checking out was another fiasco. Their easy checkout on the TV wasn't working, and the phone system to reach someone at the front desk takes about as long as checking in, so I finally resorted to waiting in line downstairs. This hotel equaled a whole lot of stinky waiting to go nowhere. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone, unless you are flat broke and can't afford anything else. To pseudo-quote The Hangover... "holla...hotel of squalor".
2	This hotel was dirt cheap compared with everything else on the strip ( I paid 28 bucks total s one of four friends in a 2 queen room for two nights) This place is in a great location on the strip. That said-- there's nothing else going for it... but you know that with the price, so I don't know why anyone would expect more.The rooms were clean, showers worked, we had enough towels, and the lamps were on. That's a lot to ask for for a hotel on the strip at 14 bucks a night lol! If you are going for a college spring break sort of experience, this is your place! Save the money, you won't spend much time in your room in vegas if you know what you're doing anyway!
1	Why did I let my friends book this hotel?Recently visited Vegas for a reunion with a great group of friends and to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Some of these friends like to travel on a budget, and I have no problem with that usually.  I may have changed my mind about trying to travel on a budget if I have to stay at hotels like the Quad..The hotel is obviously old (formerly Imperial Palace) and they are attempting to freshen it up with a renovation.  The entrance looks great, but that's where it ends.  My check-in experience was OK, but I did see an extremely long line a few hours after I checked in.  Prepare for a long wait if you're arriving late on  Friday.When we first got to our room, a very strong smell of pot filled the hallway and was obviously coming from a room just a few doors away.  My friends and I jokingly made some comments about it as a maid was walking down the hall.  She shrugged her shoulders as to say it's a common occurrence at the old IP... err..  I mean the Quad.The room was dingy, but the bed was actually somewhat comfortable.  The room could have certainly used more cleaning. The Quad is at a great location, but you can get a great location by staying at nearby Harrah's, Bally's, or Flamingo for just a bit more money and get a much cleaner and updated hotel room.  Sure, I don't go to Vegas to spend a lot of time in the hotel room, but I would not stay at the Quad again until their renovation has been completed and they have completely overhauled the entire property.
4	Just stayed here mon-friday, got to the hotel at about 9 walked right in and checkin with no problem. the room was clean nothing i could complain about. i just wish i had a better view :( oh well next time. ive stayed at the imperial and the quad and have never had a bad experience, i read all these other reviews and think wtf? ive never expierced any of that. i did see at times that the check in line was crazy.  but come on they are redoing the whole place u gotta have patiences. i acutally found it alot easier to navigate thru the casino this time. i just dont get it, people bitching and complaining i honestly dont know what your bitching for. ive always had friendly service from the people at the quad.  i was just there in feb and this month and both times were just fine.  like i said I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD EXPERIENCE HERE. so thank you the people at the quad, i cant wait to see what the hotel looks like after all the updates.
1	Worst hotel in Vegas. Took one hour to check in. Balcony door wouldn't even close got to listen to club music from outside all night long. Would continue writing but there are plenty of other reviews here. I know at least it's cheap right? Not worth it!! Go anywhere else!
4	you know what....i was scared to stay at this hotel after reading all these reviews and watching youtube videos of the hotel.....but actually...it really wasn't that bad at all... I mean it was very cheap...right in the middle of the strip....the rooms were clean, room service was very friendly...i had no big issues...now of course this is not as nice as other hotels as i stayed at like treasure island, flamingo or ph....the furniture is a bit outdated and the view was not that great...but honestly...if your main concern about vegas is the room then soemthing is wrong you...if you're going to vegas to stay in the room..then YOU are the problem ;P....but ya the hotel was just fine...would i stay here again? ehhh wont be my first choice but i guess i wouldnt mind it.....STOP COMPLAINING PEOPLE....just get drunk and enjoy VEGAS
1	Valet is always issue's am handicap due to a previous injury with both my legs ,so I waited for The valet guy to show up he said"were full ,were packed" I said look I'm handicap I can't really walk to much and my room is right here he said "SORRY" I said please I am a hotel guest he said No" then I pulled out some $$ and the problem was solved If I was normal fine but come one my sticker is hanging on my mirror,,,,,,,,,,,,,horrible service then this past week the valet guy shut my door left the keys inside and may me pay for the 65 dollars for the lock guy,,,I made a complaint and the security guard was trying to per-sway me not to file a complaint's guys!!
1	OMG this hotel is horrible, it's under construction and personally I think you should finish the hotel prior to opening. The hotel looks like its going to fall apart at any moment. The casino was a joke, there was still table that weren't even in use under plastic in a corner, the slots were scattered around to take up space in the "casino" the check in counters were in this small hallway. It's was just bad all around.
1	Used to be imperial. Currently under reno so place is a mess,dirty and smelly. Horrible parking.
2	I would give it 1 star and it totally only deserves 1 star. But, giving it 2 for the location. Room was gross, including the bathroom. The elevator took forever in Tower 3 and when it did come, it was packed and you had to wait for the next. Another person at the hotel said she found a roach in her room... I did not see one though. I will never stay at the Quad again unless they are completely renovated or the hotel is imploded and rebuilt from scratch.
1	This place is a DUMP.  Don't stay there.  All the bad reviews of this place are too nice.  Be afraid, be very afraid.  I actually worked for Harrah's club when Bill Harrah was alive.  He would have fired the Quad's hotel staff.  This place is just shamful.  We changed hotels and wouldn't spend one night.  It may have been less expensive than other hotels but at what price to your health or personal standards?The only positive note about this experience was Christopher Lenzo, the Guest Services Manager at Harrah's hotel and casino.  He was able to find us a room at the Flamingo that was much nicer and cleaner.
3	10 person tub. to funny.
1	Avoid like the plague.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 55/100People may want to give The Quad a break. Sure, there's heavy (and I mean disruptively heavy) construction in the works and sure, getting to the registration is not the most convenient but 1 star is a little too far-fetched even for the less stellar hotel along the strip. We can't deny this fact - the casino area smells way better than it had been when it was Imperial Palace. Carpets are new, there's a cool gift shop on the side and a colorful bar right beside "Dealertainers" that continues to showcase their 15 minute set of celebrity impersonator/dealers every 30 minutes or so. Only problem is the enclosed space and narrow hallways.Checked in here once for the sake of trying it out months back and rooms are basic as you can get. No blings, no luxurious decos, no jacuzzis or glass showers! If you're willing to pay a handful, look for rates at Caesar's, Venetian, Bellagio and the likes. Here, you get a balcony, a bathroom with shampoo, soaps, towels, everything you need for a night's rest, enough TV channels to keep you company, even a pool downstairs! Cheap really isn't all that bad, probably because I tend to be the type of person who would just use the room to snooze or crash, then head back out and explore. Tip for tourists. Request for a room that's not facing the outdoor bar below (along the LV Boulevard) because music can be loud - alright, I'll be honest. It's booming. And in all sincerity, before you completely judge, give the hotel a few more months to make up for it, especially after they're completely done with their renovation.
4	A small casino located inside the old Imperial Palace casino across the street from Caesars. Good place to gamble.
1	This place is just a mess. My friend booked this place.  What a mistake.
1	DON'T STAY HERE. As soon as you walk into this hotel it has an awful smell. I booked this hotel because it was close to training I was attending. I should of known something wasn't right with such low room rates. The hotel and rooms are very dirty and the carpets looked like they haven't been replaced in years. They should close down this hotel completely to do the renovation.
1	WATCH THIS VIDEO TO SEE IT WITH YOUR OWN EYES: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LXeBAorctEoI have done a lot of trade shows for the past 14 years and stay in many hotels. I have stayed in 5 star hotels, 1 star hotels, and everything in between. That is why I can say that this is THE WORST hotel which I have ever been to. The motel 6 in Tuscan is a SIX star hotel comparing to this dirty, smelly hotel. The pictures which they show you are fake. Please check youtube if you would like to see the real rooms. We had to stay in this hotel for 4 days and every day I changed rooms looking for a better room, but nothing really changed. The noise from outside is terrible, because on one side of the hotel is a 24 hours of construction, and, on the other is a parkin lot, in the other a huge air condition ... and so on. And it is not only the rooms. The elevators are all with dirty carpets. I don't even want to mention the dirty carpets and beds, and the broken mirrors. The coustermer service was trained not to make you happy and comfertable in this hotel, because it is simply impossable. It seems as if their jobs are to keep you quite in a rude way, but with a smile. They also make you pay a "RESORT FEE" (they call this a.... resort) and give you a free local pone and the internet card. But tell me who will need this? Evrybody has a smart phone. So they make you pay for the service which you DO NOT NEED AT ALL.  Also you do not find anyware the customer satisfaction/ feedback card. You have to stay in line to the customer desk to get it. It was the first time in my life that this has heppened.The only thing good is the location, but it is not worth it. So if you would like to RUIN your stay in Las Vegas go to this hotel.By the way.... I stayed at this hotel almost two month ago, but it still bothers me and I just had to write this review and make a youtub video. I hope it will keep you away from a mistake - to stay in this dirty, smelly, loud hotel.0 Stars
4	Definitely agree with the comment below. I reserved my room at the Quad before looking at the reviews and was ready for an absolutely terrible experience. Sure check-in took about a half-hour, there was a pretty bad smell coming from near the restrooms for about 7 feet (which simply you can just hold your darn breath while you cross), and there wasn't premium furniture in the room, but come on people, 2 nights under $100? This is an amazing bang for your buck. Unless you don't value money properly, there's no reason to hate on this place given the pricing. The location is great too, right smack dab in the middle of everything. Our room was clean and oderless, even with a balcony
1	I would never stay in this hotel again especially with a dog. Yes they are under construction but some things are just very basic.For people - It is like the Shining. Creepy dank smelly hallways. The guy with our bags actually got lost coming to our room and told us so. There were two lamps in the room, one didn't work and the other sat hanging off to the side. The one picture in the room was crooked. The was no clock or radio in  the room. There was no "Welcome pack" where you could find useful information about the hotel (like how to get ice..but more on the later) or local area. There was a feral lady complaining so loudly at 3am in the hallway with security that it was beyond putting up with even in Vegas. We had to go up in an elevator, round to another tower and then down an elevator to get Ice...ICE!! Our room happened to face the car park so we were treated to alarms going off all night long as well. Oh and when you had a shower you wound up standing in 4 inches of water throughout the shower.For Pets - Arghhh there is one pet relief area that is disgusting and very poorly located. It is full of small particles of drywall and Styrofoam from the construction site next door. All they need is a partition up between it and the construction area but it seems they would rather peoples dogs breathe these toxic materials in.  There is no "Welcome pack" as described so we went to a staff only storage area and found the dog bowls ourselves.The staff were poorly trained and were using out of date equipment and all around us there seemed to be things going wrong When checking out of two rooms she only processed our deposit back onto one and we had to chase her up.Now I won enough money on this trip to cover my stay so this review is not motivated by bitterness but this hotel was so shocking that I would hate to think of other people staying there and wasting their money.
2	Let me tell you a story about a casino being rebuilt and re-branded. They closed down, let everyone know that they were coming back better than ever next year, and took their lumps knowing that the reward would be worth the effort.That place...is Bill's Gambling Saloon. It's not the Quad.The Quad, on the other hand, went another route: rename the venue, slowly renovate the casino portion of the building, and then sit on their asses while the rest of the building falls apart.My friends and I stayed at the Quad last week as we were looking for a cheap place to stay while on our Vegas trip. We stayed for five nights which is why we skimped on accommodations. I don't know how the new owners get away with calling this place anything except the Imperial Palace; the rooms are the same, the carpets are the same, the decor is the same...seriously, the only thing that makes it worth even entertaining the notion of staying is Hash House a-Go Go.  That restaurant is the only clean part of the whole hotel. If the new ownership group had anyone with a brain left in that place they'd shut it down, do a real and full remodel, and open when the smell of cigarettes and urinal cakes finally dissipates. Seriously, the hotel is falling apart.I was weary of staying there but the price swayed me. I wish it hadn't. For the love of all that is both holy and unholy in this world, DON'T STAY HERE. Wait until the renovations are done, wait for people to review the renovations...and then wait until the gleam wears off to see if it's still worth it. You can go cheap almost anywhere on the strip at this point; the Flamingo is cheap and pretty and right next door.Plus, what asshole approved 6-to-5 payouts for Blackjack? Idiot.
1	RUN AS FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN! The cheap rates are not worth the dirty, disgusting and loud nightmare you'll endure staying here. The rooms are dirty and dusty. When we first came in and put out bags down the first thing we noticed was a crusty towel in the corner of the room. Then in the bathroom, no kidding, there was poop still in our toilet! The shower was black and dirty. It seems that all the maids did to "clean" the room was make the bed. Also, if you are facing HARRAH'S, be prepared to hear the Carnival Bar.  It is very loud.Look, I'm usually not a super picky person when I stay in Vegas because I usually only stay in my room long enough to sleep and shower but this was the WORST.I have to admit the casino and bar areas was okay but do not sleep here if you can avoid it.
1	I wish there was a rating below 1 Star.One word describes this hote....DISGUSTING.It is gross, filthy, dirty, HORRIBLE.  From the staff to the rooms, elevators, everything is gross.  The only thing good there is Hash House and that is really not the hotel that is a chain of restaurants.The rooms are disgustingly dirty.  Ceasars, Harrahs, every hotel associated with the Quad should be ashamed.  If you are going to have a shit hole hotel, wait until you fix it up before you open it.  This place is as creepy and dirty as it gets.  The elevators take FOREVER, there is always bottles or wet stains in them, the doors typically don't close either.I tried to call the front desk multiple times but they don't pick up their phones, there is always a 45 minute line to check in, even at 1am.  They just really don't give a shit, plain and simple.And if it's Friday or Saturday, just drive to Harrah's and park, the parking lot will always be full at the Quad.On second thought DONT STAY HERE!  Stay at Treasure Island across the street and have a REAL Las Vegas experience.
1	How to articulate in an eloquent and profound way my feelings towards The Quad would require more thought than this place is worth but let's try any ways... THIS PLACE SUCKS. I think that does it, yes?Have you ever heard the phrase 'you get what you pay for'? Well, in this case you pay very little and still get less than you paid for. What a horrid hotel. I put reviewing The Quad off for as long as I could in the hopes the hate would subside. No go, kiddies.Would you like to stay in a hotel where various portions of the hotel continually stink of sewage? Maybe you prefer elevators that open and close over and over again without moving, make horrible screeching noises while traveling between floors (jerking and shuddering may be a better way of describing it though) or just don't arrive. Or maybe you like wait to check-in for over an hour? We arrived pretty late in the PM and by the time we were able to leave the dimly lit, poorly ventilated and claustrophobic check-in area it was into the AM of the next day. Were they under staffed? Were they incompetent? Yes to both. You'd think if this was the case maybe they would try to make up for it by killing you with kindness and trying to provide great customer service... but if you thought that you'd be incorrect. And let me add that I've stayed at most of the hotels in Vegas and have seen some HUGE numbers waiting to check in elsewhere and those other hotels handled higher numbers in a more timely manner. This place is ridiculous. The halls were pulled straight out of The Shining and were only lacking creepy twins and a wave of blood... or maybe just the twins. But, honestly, that went pretty well with the broken down elevators. If you're driving down the strip trying to find the turn in for this place you'll likely miss it. Maybe toss a sign out there, guys. But if I owned their parking garage I probably would do all I could to make sure you miss it and park elsewhere. The horrible signage, layout and pathways of the garage here are just downright stupid. And the elevators here are even worse! At one point we pressed the button for the bottom floor and it took us to floor 2. Okay... I guess we really wanted to go to floor 2. Thanks elevator for knowing where we really wanted to go!Once you've prevailed over the abomination that is the parking garage you'll have to navigate a section of the hotel that has signs that don't really direct you where you're expecting them to, take you the wrong direction or dump you off in the sewer... or at least a place that smells like 2 month old crap marinating in vomit. How was the room I hear you ask. It was a nonsmoking room that smelled like patchouli and stale cigarette smoke. Whilst that is better than 2 month old crap marinating in vomit... oh, whatever... I'm done writing about this place. Don't stay here. You're better off sleeping in your car or in the Keno area of the MGM. I hope this is the first place to explode during armageddon.
4	I've stayed at so many places in Las Vegas, since I have a relative that lives out there (and I like to play blackjack). I never stayed at The Quad when it was Imperial Palace, but once saw their car collection, and the Legends show there.Well, my parents went to the Quad, and were really happy with how inexpensive it was. Since I was attending the CinemaCon movie convention out there, which was at Caesar's Palace (directly across the street from The Quad), I booked a room for a few nights. I think I paid about $30 a night (week days), and I was THRILLED with the experience.At so many hotels, I can hear doors slamming from other rooms. Never heard that once.The room was a decent size, it was super clean, and I love that the maid didn't wake me up in the morning to clean the room. I'm so tired of hotels doing that.I did leave my car at Caeser's...as I wasn't sure where or how to get into the parking structure with all the construction going on. But even with the construction, I didn't hear any excess noise bleeding into my room.I enjoy that they have the rock stars come out and lip synch or sing. That's always fun while you're playing cards. I caught a Stevie Wonder one time, and Britney Spears another time.I liked the staff that was checking me in. Had a great conversation about the young man's love of hockey.It was a great experience, and I'm glad I stayed there.
1	Part 1:By far the worst hotel service experienced ever in Las Vegas, especially on a special day like my birthday on April 27th, 2013. Hopefully my experience will touch most of my followers and other people that are writing reviews about this hotel that was formerly under the Harrah's name and is now under Caesars Entertainment that is widely more recognizable. If I were to give a rating, this hotel should never receive 1 star, more likely a negative star rating. We all knew that formerly known as Imperial Palace has become The Quad Resort and Casino. Still under construction and probably one of the cheapest hotels on the main strip for last minute plans or bookings. In general, customer service is customer service, whether your a casino or not, whether your hotel rewards comps or not, whether your rich or poor or making ends meat. In the end customer service is customer service, and should always end with a smile and some satisfactory.We arrived at the hotel in Las Vegas around 01:30pm in the afternoon. Seeing signs that check in is around 04:00pm. by the main line. Keep in mind I booked the room through an online site www.bookit.com, which is an excellent site to do hotel bookings compared to most competitors and has cheaper deals. So we arrived at the hotel and saw that there are 2 different lines available one for regular guest and one for Total Rewards Gold members. We went through the Total Rewards line for early check in not knowing if we have to pay an early check in fee, but we didn't care we just wanted to check in relax from the long drive So Cal. before meeting up with friends and family in the area. The lady that helped us the first time provided excellent customer service, which we don't remember her name. We were able to check in with the room we booked for. Of course, during registration, we asked to see if there any available upgrades don't minding what the possible fee would be. She said, "We do have a mini suite available, let me call housekeeping to see the progress of the cleaning of the room." So confirmed, housekeeping staff said it would be ready by 3pm. We killed time checking out some of the sites by the hotel and gambled a little to kill time. We go back to the service to see if the room was ready at 3pm. The 2nd hotel employee named Amwar, (sorry if the name is not exact) told us the room is not ready and will not be ready till around 4pm. And when we heard that, we were distraught with our reaction. We had plans to meet with a couple of friends and my girlfriend's cousin at the Wynn for buffet. Amwar told us, "That housekeeping management was mad with the situation that the room was not ready when the first hotel service helped us and told us 45 more minutes." We called and postponed the early dinner till after 4pm. Keep in mind we wanted to change into different clothes and freshen up before eating. So we came back to the hotel service desk before 4pm for the "3rd time," and still found out that our room was not ready yet. By this time, I was far beyond pissed  off and decided for me and my girlfriend to go eat and come back afterwards to grab our room  key. Up to now we have wasted almost 3 hours of trying to fix this situation to check into our hotel. 3 hours that we could of done tourist stuff in Las Vegas checking out the sites. 3 hours of gambling for fun whether we win or lose. '3 FREAKING HOURS OF TIME IN LAS VEGAS"We get back to the hotel around 07:00-07:15pm after eating at the buffet at the Wynn and walking stoping by some casinos on the way, and our room is finally ready. A young Latina lady in her mid 20's helped get our keys, and we told her about the situation and asked, "Why did it take so long?" Her answer, "We do not guarantee our rooms to be ready for early check-in, All rooms are ready by 4pm?" So i'm standing there shaking my head, that's not what i was not told checking in on the members side. I asked for the manager. And I repeated myself to the manager or supervisor named Jean or Jeanie. And we get the same answer 4pm!!! She thought we were trying to get comped for the misconception. I told her no. All I wanted to know, Why did it take so long till now for us to get our room? Now remember the third time we were there 10 minutes till 4pm and the room was still not ready. There was no straight answer, she was looking at me like i am some evil person, she rolled her eyes at me after each explanation, and talked to me as if i were a kid. I decided to end it right there and take the keys and told her that this will be the first time and last time I use this hotel in Las Vegas.
1	The Reno didn't work it looks very drab and sad now.
1	NO..... don't do it! DO NOT stay at this hotel.   It is definitely worth it to stay someplace else and pay the extra money.... Don't get me wrong, I am not a typically "fancy" woman, I do not demand luxuries.... but at the bare minimum, it would have been nice for my hotel room key to work.  I had to go to the front desk 3 times in one day to have my room key replaced! Their excuse is not to keep the key next to any credit cards or cell phones, but we all know that is a load of *&^%$... and then they said they would have someone come replace the battery in the room key thing, which never happened.  Not to mention the broken scary elevators and dirty walls of our hotel room..... the only thing that was ok was the price, but i don't think you could pay me to stay there again.
3	I stayed there during the time, they were barely starting the changes, the services was ok, they honored our rates when we got cheated by vegasview.com(scam!!). The food wasn't tasty for its price. I expect yummy tasty food for the price, but better the Cirus Cirus food..gave me food poisoning xP!! Overall, cheap...good for budget.
1	Holy Crap. If Caesars/Harrahs ever needed to blow up a building and start from scratch, this would be the one.Worst service I have ever received from a Harrah's property - ever. Not enough staff. Check-in took more than 30 minutes in the Gold Member line. I pity the fools in the other line. I bet some of them were there two hours. I am NOT exaggerating.I was not given an Internet code. When I called the front desk no one answered. I kept calling until I gave up. The next day I called the front desk. The person who answered couldn't help at all - only her manager. Of course the manager wasn't there. The manager will not call me back. If I want to talk to her I have to go down to the front desk.No it can be escalated. No I can't be helped any other way. No, no one can help me. I need to stay in my room until the manager gets around to it ... or battle the line downstairs.I spent over $7,500 in this hotel over the last couple of years with business meetings (It was the Imperial Palace until a few months ago.). Never have I ever had such completely un-responsive interactions.This should be a minor thing where they make a note and just fix it. This fall, I'll take my $4,000 meeting to another hotel. Guaranteed.
4	I can't lie, I loved staying at The Quad. It's cheap as hell. I almost hope they never finish renovating it so the prices stay down. I booked a Deluxe room, and it was plain.. but who cares? It was clean, comfortable bed, flat screen TV. Check in did take awhile but luckily someone from my party got there 20 minutes before me so I just met up with them. Next time I'll be able to stand in the Total Rewards line which is a bit shorter. When I got to the front desk, I was helped quickly. The lady was very nice. Our party had booked 3 rooms altogether and they were able to put as all right next to each other. Great part of it was the employee just offered to do it. Didn't have to ask, no 'teeth pulling' involved.As far as all other service, I have only one complaint..but we'll get to that in a minute. I'm not very high maintenance though, don't ask for much. Don't call the front desk every ten seconds so I guess they didn't have a huge opportunity to disappoint me.Had breakfast at the Hash House and it was delicious. The portions were huge everyone ended up snapping a picture of their food. They put a lot into the presentation there.There was a bummer incident involving some drinks though. A few of my friends and I were playing the slots and a woman came over offering us drinks, we all put in our orders and one of my friends said "we should go to Caesars Palace after this." So when she came back with the drinks she brought everybody one except him. Either way that escalated to him being thrown out of the casino. He came in a minute later with no issue but I thought it was very rude that she didn't bring him a drink. Not impressed with this waitress, wish I had gotten her name.Also, I head read about people at the Quad being robbed while they sleep, someone would come in and clean out their wallets. This is due to the fact that some of the doors to the rooms don't seem to close all the way, you have to actually pull it shut. Now because I read that I made sure my door was closed every night and locked from the inside.. and I had no issue. But my friends actually did get cleaned out!! As much as I would like to fault the hotel for this, I just can't. My buddy had actually propped his door open and fell asleep gracefully in the doorway of the bathroom. Kinda asking for it at that point. Either way, make sure your door is locked when you get to sleep.I plan to stay there again. And if it weren't for that awful waitress it would be a five stars review. Besides sleeping I spent maybe 30 minutes in the room to rest my legs for a minute. There's no reason to go crazy on a room that you aren't going to spend much time in. If you're even considering the Quad it's because you are on a budget. So get the cheap room with a prime location and splurge on other aspects of your Vegas vacation.
4	You know, some of the reviews on here made me absolutely terrified of what I might find when we checked into our hotel room at The Quad, but when we got there I was pleasantly surprised. I really enjoyed my stay here, and for a few young adults on a tight budget I don't think I could have asked for much more. I felt obligated to write a positive review so that it might help others who were thinking about reserving a room here but were frightened because of all the negative reviews.First off, Check In was much better than expected. We arrived right at 4, and the line was pretty long. I thought we might be stuck there for a couple of hours, but it was only about 30 minutes before we were completely checked in and on our way up to our room. Absolutely no problems there. The elevators were a little old and rickety. They broke down once during our stay (but, hey, that's what stairs are for!), and there were a few other times when no elevator came after pushing the button (so again, stairs!), but it wasn't a hassle at all. The rooms were fairly clean. There were a few stains on the carpet, and something that looked like a bit of makeup on the blanket on the bed. The paint was peeling where the walls met the carpet, and the carpet was bubbling up in the hallways outside of the room. Other than those minor things it wasn't bad at all. There weren't any bugs, the air conditioner worked, at it was a place to lay our heads at night and shower in the morning. If you're going to Las Vegas and plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel room then this might not be the place for you, but if you plan on being out most of the day and don't want to spend a lot of money for something in a fantastic location that's close to everything on the Strip then you should definitely stay here. Obviously this place is old and run down and they know that, which is why they're in the process of renovating it! If you know that going in to it then the bad shouldn't surprise you. For what we paid it was totally worth it and I wouldn't have stayed anywhere else!
1	I was so disappointed in the changes "The Quad" had made. My husband and I stayed at this hotel when it was The Imperial Palace about 4-5 times. It was our favorite spot since it was in the middle of the strip, clean, comfortable, and the price was great. We had gone back last week and it was our first time back since the change. I will never go back! Just finding the way to the car garage was a nightmare!  We stayed on a Tuesday night and checked in just an hour after their check in time. I reserved a nonsmoking king sized bed. It took forever to be checked in and when we got to our room, they had given us a wheel chair accessible room. Which had just a bed and an 80's style TV and the bathroom was gross and smelled. Calling the first desk, I was put on hold for about 5 minutes. We were told to come back downstairs and wait in another line. We requested to change rooms and only other king was going to be right above a loud band that plays until 3am or we take two queens. We went with the two queens. Now the hotel room was super plain and honestly reminded me of a motel 6. The TV is super old, beds are very hard, nothing nice. The Casino is still under construction, so it is hard to get around and even on a Tuesday it made the walk to the elevators packed. I did not like ANYTHING about the new style. I was so bummed on our trip and was so glad we had only booked the room for one night. I used to recommend people that they should stay at the Imperial Palace but after the changes, I am warning everyone to look elsewhere.
4	We have stayed here when it was imperial palace,we have always been happy with the cleanliness of the hotel,even tho they are renovating the place at the moment we haven't got any bad remarks to say about this hotel,I'm sure that some people just like to put negative reviews,the price is very good when on a tight budget,keep up the good work,the location is brilliant,and yes is ready for a face lift but overall well worth what we paid,so please be patient  while work is in progress
4	First of you get what you pay for.   My room for 4 nights was $74.68.Casino Floor-The staff seemed pretty helpful when asked a question.  There were adequate cocktail staff for getting you a drink.  The layout is alot confusing b/c of its remodeling.  There is alot of wasted space.  Plenty of space to play anything you want.  The impersonating casino dealers that pretended to sing was kind of coolRoom-The room was not the best, had some stains on the floor, and a little dated.  But for the price I paid, I was not too worried.   I went to Vegas to have fun not sit in my room anyways.   The housekeeping did come every day.  The room had a balcony to see outside which was nice to walk out and have a smoke on.   The bed was comfy.  The tv was old and not a flat screen.Final thoughts-For the price, it is what you get.   Also if you booked in April 2013 or after they are going to add a $10 resort fee per night.   I would stay again, because I was not in my room much anyways.
1	SPEND THE EXTRA MONEY AND GO ANYWHERE ELSE. My boyfriend and I thought that the combination of this hotel being slightly older and being under construction were the reasons why the prices were so low. WRONG. The floor plan is dizzying, the rooms are dirty, and when you show up they tell you that your room is in the basement unless you want to pay an extra $15 to "upgrade". We thought we were only in town for one night, and were barely going to be in the room, what was the point of paying for a view? Well, our  room in the basement, as well as that entire floor smelled like harsh chemicals, cigarettes, and mold. The chemicals were clearly the enzymatic cleaners used to get animal urine out of carpet. We had also requested a smoke free room. So we went to the front desk and complained about being on "the animal floor" with the harsh smells, and the lady at the desk told us that all of the basement floors are "a combination of animal and smoking rooms". The only way to get anything better was to pay to "upgrade". Right, it's not a scam at all. I will also note that there are like two working elevators in the whole place, so going back and forth and up and down takes a bunch of time, all of the signs are misleading (we had trouble finding the front desk and our first room), and there are people constantly smoking cigars right next to the "no smoking" signs.We paid for the upgrade because I didn't want to have to find another hotel and waste time. So we get to our new room and it doesn't smell as bad BUT the carpet is just as filthy as the last room, the chairs have stains on them, both lamps are broken, and the shower has a pube in it. I didn't feel safe taking off my clothes in there.TL/DR: To be clear, I don't care if there are old drapes and TVs, or if all of the chandeliers are retro... but it looks like nobody has cleaned this place since the 60's. I've stayed at hotels all over the world, and this is by far the dirtiest. Have some friggin' pride.
1	I cannot give this place one single star. It's that bad. But I had to give it one star to warn everyone!
2	Did not stay. Went to enjoy the show on property "Recycled Percussion".It's horrible from the parking lot and through. I don't even think we went through a casino, so that may have been in a different portion of the hotel. They've got some serious revamping needed. Needs cleaning.. then polishing since you can't polish dirt.
2	"if I wanted to stay somewhere as dirty as home, I would've stayed home and not cleaned." Quote from my fiance after walking in our room. Yes, I get that the place is being renovated after becoming the Quad from the Imperial Palace, but geez. I stayed here when it was the IP and it wasn't this grungy. The reason for 2 stars: The bathroom was really clean, and the pool was very nice. We definitely enjoyed our time by the pool. Rooms, hallways, elevators and room service all left something to be desired. Left a lot to be desired actually. We would've moved hotels on our second night if we had the energy. It would've been worth the extra $50/night.
3	Great location but not the best decor. Under renovation now so it may be better in a year.
1	Worse place to book!!! The bad experience started with no valley parking. Second was I got a non smoking room, the place was hot boxed with cigarets. And we go to the balcony, nothing but filthy clothes! Best part hasn't come up yet, the bed sheets where covered in red stains. Wanted to check out the bathroom god it smelled like a bum was sleeping there! And all the manager can give us was a $20 for food, and it didn't apply In any main restaurant! Place is garbage! Go to a motel 6!!!
2	umm.........i rather not..but when they give u lemons.. make lemonade
3	This hotel is still under some renovations, so it's not the best to choose from in terms of appeal. However, in terms of price and value, I think it's one of the better places to stay at, especially if you are wanting something on the simpler side. I guess I'll start out with the bad. The parking garage is kind of hard to find and when you do find it, there is a lot of parking. However, some of the parking spaces are next to poles and can only fit small cars. That's not a problem for me, but I can see how it could be a problem for somebody else. I'm not sure if the parking garage has an elevator that goes down to the casino floor, but the two times I have stayed here, I did not see one. I just took the stairs, which are spooky at night. The front desk was also hard to find. It required a lot of walking and confusion to get to. There was a lot of noise coming from outside and I found it hard to sleep. Now onto the good. Check in and check out times were speedy. I got a deluxe tub room for a great deal. The room turned out to be bigger than I anticipated it to be. There was a large flat screen TV in our room that we did use. There are mirrors on the ceiling overlooking the bed and the tub. It gave a very romantic setting. The tub was big enough to fit my husband and I with some leg room. Only downside about the tub was that it would not fill past a certain point and we could not figure out why. The room also had a small balcony. It did not have a great view, but it was nice for me. You can see the Harrah's pool next door. In conclusion, I would say again that this is not the most appealing hotel on the Strip. However, if you are looking for a reasonably priced place to crash and relax for small periods of time, I would suggest looking into it. It's also pretty close to a lot of popular Strip resorts.
1	If I could give negative stars, I would. Here's the letter that I sent the company that should give you a glimpse at the nature of this "hotel"To Whom it May Concern, My name is Samantha Sheehan, and I just recently stayed at The Quad in Las Vegas from 5/24-5/27, under the reservation name Susan Sheehan, my mother's name. We stayed in Vegas to celebrate her milestone 60th birthday on 5/25, and chose The Quad as our hotel. That was our first mistake.As a group of New Yorkers, Las Vegas is quite a trek, but one our family does quite often. As frequent visitors of Harrah's, we called to make reservations at Harrah's, only to be told that due to it being Memorial Day weekend, our loyalty to Harrah's was denied, and that room rates were outrageous. This led to us needing to stay at The Quad, since rates were much cheaper. What should be advertised at The Quad isn't just a cheaper price, but a cheaper experience. Upon arriving at The Quad, we were presented with narrow hallways and an overcrowded lobby, clear signs that this establishment is more interested in making a quick buck than accommodating its guests. Within seconds of being inside, we were immediately hounded by sales pitches for "free" show tickets. I have to admit that I immediately regretted our reservation before even speaking to the main desk. Upon being given our room on the 2nd floor, we waited an extremely long time to get an elevator upstairs, only to be greeted with a cloud of smoke upon arriving to our floor. My father, a smoker of over 40 years was even taken back by the intense cigarette smoke, a feature that wasn't even mentioned at the desk. We asked a nearby staff member about the smell, and she informed us that it was a smoking floor. Why would such a room be given to guests, without asking if we were first smokers? Upon entering the room, the situation got even worse. The room was dingy and wreaked of nicotine. We couldn't stay there. After finally figuring out how to call down to the front desk (as our phone was broken), we were informed by your staff that "room changes can't be made on the same day as check-in" and then placed on hold, only then to be told by a different staff member that in order to complete a room change, we were to come down to the main desk. How quickly the information changed, and what a poor example of leadership by your staff.Our room was changed to 338, with the only improvement being the scent. We were presented with faulty plumbing, dingy lighting, broken outlet covers, minimal bedding, chipped paint, etc. etc. The counter in the bathroom was in a horrendous state, with lipstick stains and random smears that make putting my toothpaste down a risk. The ring around the toilet was a laughable nod to my rate of staying at The Quad. When the toilet refused to stop running, I called the front desk, and was presented with the most rude staff member that informed that The Quad is able to give such cheap rates due to the fact that renovations haven't been done in over 7 years (well, that was believable). I couldn't believe that such an excuse was being given, in such a tone, that I was supposed to be "happy' with such accommodations based on the "cheap" rate I was being given on such a busy weekend. I wonder how much she is being paid to rattle off such a subpar excuse.Our experience was only heightened when we able to leave your establishment, with the running joke of the weekend being that it was the worst hotel each of us has ever stayed at. The service was laughable, the rooms deplorable, and the rush of opening a hotel in such a state a representation of the greedy nature of your company to make a quick sale. This experience has left such a poor taste in my mouth that I would be willing to pay triple the amount just to not be associated with your establishment. This is not a question of money, but a question of customer service. The Quad in its current state is a joke, and another representation of companies these days. I'm not sure what is worse: the state of your hotel, or the lackluster of your staff. I've never been happier to be in my own bed, and look forward to informing friends and family of The Quad. In the meantime, you might want to pay attention to the plethora of items in which this hotel fails, starting with the ripped rugs, chipping paint, rude staff, and disgusting rooms. No amount of outside renovation can prepare people for the outrageous lack of effort inside.Thanks for the joke, but I'm not laughing.
2	OMFG!!!!    this place is a dump!!!  i should stop trying to be cheap!!!
1	I moved to NW LV 6 months ago and often bike 20+ miles to the strip for some poker and gaming fun. I recently arrived at the Quad to meet a friend passing through town. Upon arriving I had to lock up my bike so I asked valet if they had a bike rack. The attendant replied with uncertainty and told me "no", then said "maybe in the back" and then "no" again. I asked the attendant specifically if there would be a problem if I locked my bike up to a post or railing somewhere. The attendant didn't know or didn't think it would be a problem. I was very sure to show the attendant my concern for locking my bike to an undesignated post but it felt okay to do so according to the response. I proceed through the valet and into the parking garage to first look for a designated bike rack or bike area. After climbing several floors I came across nothing to be designated and proceeded to look for a railing. I came across an old and obviously unused stairway and locked up my bike using a Kryptonite lock and cable to the side of the staircase. I positioned my bicycle in a very thoughtful manner to make sure my handlebars or any extremity were in no way going to block the access of the staircase. I met a friend, we joined a poker tournament and I left roughly 2 hours later. My bike was gone. No evidence of anything was left behind. Immediately it felt like a security issue vs a theft issue. It takes a lot of work to break a Kryptonite U-Lock. I was outraged but I kept my cool and expressed my disgust professionally. Valet called up security and immediately security became sarcastic and admitted they cut my lock and took my bike because it was illegally locked to a stairway. I then quickly began to explain how I spoke with valet about the bike rack situation and how there was no concern with locking my bike to a post or railing somewhere. Of course they didn't care and had very foolish reasons why they did what they did.  They told me that I should have asked security where to park my bike and not valet, but who would ever think to ask security? Valet seems like the more obvious to me. The security continued to tell me that if I would have asked them, they would have directed me towards the Bell desk and Bell would have taken care of it for me. Who would have thought Bell will take care of your bikes for you? And why aren't the valet trained to tell you that? I demand an apology and a $25 check to cover the cost of my lock. I will not let this go until I get what I deserve but either way this casino and Caesars Management in general have lost all my respect.
1	My review is actually -1 star! this place is a horrible! My husband and I weren't too sure where we were staying but we saw it was on the strip and there was a good deal so we went for it. It is being renovated from when it was Imperial Palace but ohh geez! First off, the service was bad, the concierge gave us the wrong room number, so we get to the room and the key is of course not working, there was a nice cleaning lady there and we asked for help so she opened the room and it was dirty and not the bed we asked for so we had to go all the way back to request a new key, I could have made a big deal but didn't feel like it. Then we get on the elevator to finally go to our room and it's going floor per floor and then the door just wouldn't shut...it stopped working!! scary! the carpets in the room are dirty!! did not take my socks off!! To top it off I gave it a try on the casino lost my money and the waitresses suck! really bad service in every single area!
1	Horrible. Dirty. Unfriendly valet and front desk people. Go anywhere else. Waste of money.
5	My friend was really upset with me when she stepped into the room. (I chose the hotel)She took pictures of the room as she pouted. She told me this was a hooker motel and it was evident because there was no lock on the bathroom door.Thanks Quad, it didn't help that there was a giant spider in our bathroom.The pillows stank and there were stains on the carpet. Our view was of cement and an abandoned shopping cart. It takes 2 elevators and GPS to get to our room because the basement is a maze.The television might have been a decade older than me and a crackhead knocked on our door in the middle of the night.The resort fee was $10 + tax and yet the wifi password they gave me was invalid and expired. We needed a wine opener and my friend said 'do they even have room service' and of course I had to defend my love for Imperial Palace and say 'OF COURSE' only to call room service to find out they were 'closed.'The shower was surprisingly clean, but I suppose this is because the low class guests that stay at The Quad probably never use the shower.5/5 would stay again
1	It's true what they say... "You get what you pay for". We always stay at Harrah's because we like hanging out at the Carnival Court, the Toby Keith, and the Piano Bar. We always had a bad felling about the old I.P. but it looked like the Quad would be better.. YEAH RIGHT!! This place is a flee bag, an absolute disgusting poop hole. We stayed at the Deluxe room and it was worst than the regular Super 8 on Koval Ave. The TV was an old 19" box with a blurry picture.. The shower head, the sink, the carpet, the springs popping out of the mattress... I mean this place is NAAASSSTY!! To top it off, you have to walk very far through all the shops just to get to a narrow hallway where you check in. Just Imagine the traffic walking from the shops to the casino going though that narrow hallway mixed with all the people Trying to check in!! (Some of you know what I'm talking about lol) I will never ever ever ever be staying here regardless of the price. You are better off paying the extra bucks for the Harrah's or the taxi fare for a further hotel! I give it the one star for it's good location.
2	I don't know how to rate this place becuase it is such a tragic combination of awesome and terrible at the same time.  I did not stay here; this is purely based on the casino and entertainment.  I feel sorry for the workers because this hotel is like the red headed step child in a world of high rise casinos all around it.  With all the construction it has brought the ceilings low, space small, and unimpressive overall personna to the casino.THE only viable reason to bother walking through the hotel (besides AC in the summer) is the dealers.  The dealers all dress up as famous people and take turns "singing" on their makeshift stage.  We had the pleasure of seeing Dolly Parton, Little Richard, Roy Orbison, Billie Joe from Green Day, Shakira, Christiana Aguilera.  It is a hot mess of wrong but so right.
1	So. the only reason this isn't getting ZERO stars is because that isn't an option.my boyfriend and I came here for a combo of his birthday and a little StayCation, mistake.THE BAD1.) the parking structure is a shitshow, and being a Vegas local I know that from coming to the former Imperial Palace.2.) its even more of a maze inside than it used to be. like they just decided to get rid of a HUGE part of the hotel gambling area and turn it into a wall instead.3.) once we got checked in (didn't wait too long) we got the WiFi password and went upstairs to our room. I kicked my sandals off to notice that the floor was damp, I'm assuming from a WetVac they used to vacuum, but still that's gross and uninviting.4.) the bathroom door was crooked and off one of the hinges so you had to raise it to even shut it5.) the shower drain was clogged by God knows what so you were constantly in at least 2inches of water while showering.THE "GOOD"1.) the towels were bigger than you would have thought2.) its close to everything3.) there weren't any dead bodies &the vending machine malfunctioned so we got 3 sodas for the price of 1DONT STAY HERE. PAY THE EXTRA MONEY AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE. or be a good little girl/boy and plan your trip in advance so you don't get stuck in this shithole.
1	If you are booking a room because of the price, then let me tell you......STOP!!! This place is terrible! There is a reason why the rooms are so cheap!  I arrived at 2 am on a Sunday with my friend. When i made my reservation i made it clear that i needed separate beds. After checking in and  totally exhausted we get to our room and find out that its one bed. so i go back down stairs with all of my luggage and talk to the lady at the front desk. I tell her the situation and all she says is whoops! then she puts us in tower 4 ( if you are staying here, request to not stay in tower 4! its a maze to get to.)and doesn't ask if we want help with our bags or anything. Parking was terrible also! Please reconsider before booking. Scrap up an extra $30 and stay somewhere else. The only good thing about this place is that Hash House a-go-go is located here. (amazing food! and the best breakfast you will ever have!) Hash house will receive a separate review.
1	This was the nastiest so called resort I have ever stayed in the rooms are nasty house keeping don't clean shit every thing was filthy . The management  don't care about customer service. We complained to them they didn't do anything about the house keeping. I would not recommended this place to anyone ever.
3	Well... you will read a variety of opinions here... some say it's a great deal, other's claim it is only slightly more welcoming than a slab at the Clark County morgue.  In my opinion, The Quad is a cheap way to enjoy Vegas.  Key word is "cheap."  The price was under $30/night... c'mon, do you really think for that price you will get the quality of a top notch hotel?  Ugh... nope.  But you do get the basics:  a bed (or 2), linens that fit, we had a fairly large, if sparse, room, a toilet that flushes, a tub that sometimes empties, soap, shampoo, a hair dryer, an alarm clock, a door lock, and check-in (around 1:00 a.m.) was a breeze.  Great location on the Strip.  Compared to our next stop, The Pioneer Hotel & Gambling Hall in Laughlin, the Quad is a luxury resort!  Compared to the Wynn Las Vegas, it's a holding reservoir for untreated sewer contents.  So take it as it is, if your enjoyment is based on having a lush suite with all the amenities that would make Elvis swoon... not a good choice.  If you are frugal (cheap), want to sleep little, party or gamble or shop or crowd watch most of the time, this is a good choice.  Would I stay there again?  Sure... but not if I hit the big progressive that is now over $1 million buckaroos... then we'll stay at Mandalay Bay and have a buff, blond chauffeur named "Sven" drive us up and down the Strip in one of those glistening white Hummer limo's.  I think I dreamt that while dozing at The Quad after losing $10.00 on a penny machine.
2	Okay so where to start... first of can't complain much as far as price. I visited in March and for three nights Thursday-Sat i only paid $160 split that with three people... and well that's cheap especially for being on the strip and in all honestly a pretty good location on the strip. I call this the motel 6 of Vegas because that's what the room was like, the building was def under going lots of construction and i can't wait to see what it looks like when it's 100% completed. Granted it will NEVER be the Bellagio but  hey for those prices in that location i can't complain much. Plus i'm young and i only need a room to shower and sleep in, i'm not there to have a hotel party. Although one of the biggest complaints would be the parking, getting to it... and then once you come into the building from the parking ummm where the hell is the lobby? It was a mission finding things and getting around that place. I think once everything is completed this hotel could be three star worthy... and i'm not even really a three star kind of gal i grew up in five star hotels, the Bellagio was my parents choice of hotel when we would visit as a family.
1	I specifically signed up for Yelp to post this review. This is the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at. We were guaranteed two double beds but they sold out and now I have to go to Walmart and buy an inflatable bed because they were also out of rollaway beds. The rooms are disgusting - there are stains on the carpet and stains on the tile. They have not been remodeled.  The air conditioning unit was not blowing cold and it sounded like a big rig motor. When we called to complain, the manager told us if we weren't happy we could check out. Please don't waste your money here.
1	If you've never been to Hell then book your stay at the Quad. Tower 4 room 130 is the worst room I have ever been in. It smelt of dead cats and dog piss laced with the devil's very own aftershave of vomit.  After complaining, we managed to get another room. Caesar's management group should be ashamed for having such standards. Unfortunately, the daily maze to get to your room just adds to the frustration this place has to offer. We have to go to the second floor then back to the first just to get to our room. Taking the stairs is much faster than taking the elevators. Betty's is a rip-off with crappy overpriced pizza and burnt coffee. Gross. You can request a mini refrigerator but don't even ask for a coffee maker unless you are a Diamond card holder. No shampoo or complimentary soap. The parking garage is cramped. Be careful when parking. If there is a convention in town be prepared to wait when leaving the garage. The other day it took me a half hour to park. Five security guys had to direct traffic in the parking lot. I am amazed my car didn't get hit. We had the bad luck of having to stay here last minute. I wish I could say it was worth it, but so far it has been one thing after another. Today for example, the elevator broke and has been ringing for over two hours. On top of that someone pulled the fire alarm and scared everyone on our floor. Budget Suites is a hundred times better.
5	So idk why ppl are giving this place such a hard time. I'm reviewing for EDC weekend. We checked in Thursday (the 20th). The guy up front gave me great service. If you're looking for a place just to crash it's not bad. Nice location. Mid strip. Kinda hidden though. It was a bit hard to get ppl to find us haha.Don't expect a hot tub or something fancy. Like I said, just a place to crash.
1	(Read this whole review...it ends with COCKROACHES!)Let me preface this review by saying that my husband are, in no way, picky when it comes to hotels.  We've stayed in hostels, hotels, apartments, etc...we're more concerned about price and location than amenities.  However, The Quad is the one place I can honestly say I will never, ever, EVER stay again.  Upon check-in, I didn't think it was that bad - sure the carpet is old and kind of funky, and the room (we had one that was "remodeled") was pretty spartan, but we could handle it!  Since it was directly across the street from Caesar's Palace we were super pumped for our weekend in Vegas.However, the first night while climbing into bed, I noticed that we didn't even have a fitted sheet on the bed.  It was just another top sheet that was folded under the mattress.  Okay - that's forgivable...it's kind of nasty but I can deal. Then, the next morning I hop in the shower to get ready for the day.  Water pressure?  Hardly any.  It took a good 3 minutes just to rinse the shampoo out of my hair.  And THEN the water went ICE FRIGGIN COLD.  Never even went back to hot!  Just went from a nice warm temp to ice cubes for no reason.  I never did get any hot water again and my poor husband was forced to shower in freezing water.  This happened the next day as well....we were so upset!Another gripe?  The elevator.  It was the slowest elevator I've ever been on.  Seriously, we waited around 5-10 minutes every single time just for the elevator to get on our floor.  When it finaly did arrive, there was such a huge line of people to get on that everyone stuffed themselves in there and then it was just a slow-moving sweatbox until you got to your desired floor.The final straw, though, came as we checked out of the hotel.  We got in the cab and my husband turned to me and said he had a confession - on our first night he KILLED A FRIGGIN COCKROACH IN OUR ROOM.  He didn't want to tell me because I was so tired and he knew I wouldn't be able to sleep so he kept it to himself but he had to keep one eye open the entire time we spent at the hotel.Just absolutely DISGUSTING.  I hate this place, I will never stay there again, and the management should just burn the entire thing down.  Whoever thinks it is acceptable to run a hotel like this is a complete moron.  No matter how much more it costs, PLEASE do yourself a favor and stay anywhere else.  I am seriously so easy going when it comes to lodging and this was just the nastiest place.
1	After hearing that Imperial Palace was going to be remodeled, you'd think the place would look decent, especially for a hotel that is somewhat on the strip. I came here to visit a friend. First off, the parking structure is very confusing and makes it hard to locate your car. One you get to the bottom floor, you have to make your way through to the casino where the walk there smells like cat and dog pee. The hotel itself is very strange, with dealers that are impersonators who also come up to perform.. It all just seemed very tacky. When I got to the room, which have been remodeled, looked very dinky. It's as if they just slapped on the name "the quad" to the building and thought it was going to change things.
1	If I could rate it in the negative-I would! OMG where do I start??? Why oh why did I not check out Yelp BEFORE I booked this nightmare from FILTH disgusting place??It is NOT "on the strip"! It is shoved back behind Harrah's. THe "view" is of junk and construction. The entire hotel is filthy, smoke filled, stinky, "retro" in NOT A GOOD WAY-gross needing a SEVERE REMODEL, place that should be burned down and they should start over.We had to call housekeeping the second we opened our room door to come vacuum up the puke/chinese food???? that was on the floor....ugh.Do yourself a favor, DONT EVEN THINK ABOUT STAYING HERE! It's not even fit for the kids on a weekend "EDC" trip! Lord knows what you may come home with...
2	The good: It's cheap and centrally located.  I mean honestly I paid $32 after the resort fee and it is right in the heart of the strip.  That really makes it a compelling stay.The bad:  It was comically hard to navigate and really beat up.Now the full story:When you first get to the Quad you have to find the entrance.  There are two and neither are marked very well due to construction.  The one in the front off Las Vegas blvd is a bat cave style entrance that pops up out of nowhere.  Go too fast and you'll zoom right past.  The other is off Koval Lane.  It is labeled "Employee's Only" but nobody ever said anything to me and it was about 100 times easier to get in and out of.Now speaking of getting in and out, after you park you are going to want to grab a granola bar, a bottle of water, a holy bible, and an expert guide to get to the front desk.  And I'm not kidding.  There are no signs anywhere in the garage that tell you where you need to go.  And if you park in the right side of the garage that is only 3 stories, it is completely disconnected from the hotel and you either have to walk all the way around or go down an elevator, around a wall, down a flight of stairs, up two escalators, down an escalator, and through a long hall before you finally can check in.  By the time you get to the front desk you will be in perfect shape for the Vegas summer pool parties.Now comes the front desk. Hopefully one time when you were in Vegas you signed up for Total Rewards Gold.  It's a player's club card.  It's free.  It works in all the Harrah's owned property (a lot of properties).  And it will save you a lot of time.  With the Total Rewards Gold card you get to go in the side line that had one person in line and two people behind the desk.  Took all of 2 minutes to check in.  If you don't have the card, you will wait in the general population line.  Might want to get a drink first.  About 100 people long and only 4 people working the desk.  I saw people waiting for nearly an hour.While checking in they offered me a strip view.  "Hell yeah" you might think.  No.  Just No. Read the other reviews.  The strip is loud loud.  Until 4 am.  I asked the front desk guy if it would be loud and he said "Oh yeah".  I then asked for an interior room and they had some so we were all set.  Room faced the interior pool and was nice and quiet.  Now onto the journey to the rooms.  The elevators here are slow.  Like 1920's I could take the stairs 23 floors faster than this elevator slow.  Like press the button and go eat a meal and come back slow. But they arrived and we went up.  We walked out of the elevator and as we were walking to our room I said something about the strip and a woman who looked like she had been up for days partying and was wearing only a leopard thong and bathing suit top popped up and said "Oh are you the room looking for the stripper?" We were not.  Although had we been, this would have been remarkably convenient.Carpet in the hallways is really beat up.  The rooms look old.  There was a homemade ash tray on our balcony and our non-smoking room smelled of cigarettes.  The toilet was either borrowed from a midget circus or an elementary school.  We couldn't decide on which we thought was more plausible.  The beds were clean and comfortable though.  And we were only staying for one night.  When we got tired of roaming the strip it was easy and fast to get back to our hotelIn summary: It's cheap and centrally located, but you may be better staying at the Strat and cabbing it. Our friends paid about the same as us and their room made ours look like a discount Alabama motel.  And the cab ride was like $8.  We lived and it became the running joke of the weekend, so no harm no foul.  Don't think I'll be staying here again, at least not until construction is complete.
5	So 5 stars, I know what your thinking, but everyone else gave it a way worse rating. But let me finish before you judge me. So this is not Cesar's, The Wynn, or even the Flamingo. But it is right in the middle of the strip. What sucks is the construction going on both inside and outside. It does make it very hard to navigate when you are trying to get in, but once that is done it will be very easy. I paid under $175 TOTAL for a Friday through Monday stay two weeks ago. My parents went that same weekend and stayed elsewhere and literally paid double. You can not come to this place and expect it to be the high end hotels like some that are located on the strip, but you sure can walk to them very easily. Now to the rooms. They are small but they are all small unless you have a Suit, the whole idea of Vegas is to keep you out of your rooms and in the Casino gambling and partying. The Casino is pretty nice and very fun, it is small, but again, they are remodeling and it will be better when they are done. For the price you pay and for what you get, this place is awesome. I would recommend you stay here and do it with an open mind.
2	Party of 16 for chey bday bash is where most of us stayed here at The Quad, formally the Imperial Palace.. Since it is in the middle of construction I can't give it a full review only because we would walk down one section of the hotel and it would be all hip and trendy, then we would walk to the not renovations section and it was be dirty and carpet pulling up and walls dirty..I didn't expect much from the room, no view, shower was clogged and it smelled even thou we where on a non smoking area.. I'm sure once all the renovations are done, it's going to look fabu.. Hopefully the prices won't go up anymore.. our room rate was $300 Sat-Mon.. and we where in the " ugly" part of the hotel....
4	When you go to McDonalds and pay $1 for a McChicken you do not expect an organically raised breast meat gourmet sandwich with all the trimmings. You (should) expect a super processed chicken meat (like) sandwich with minimal low cost trimmings. Why are you talking about a McChicken in a hotel review, you might be wondering at this point... Because people are reviewing this hotel like they went to a fine organic restaurant, ordered the $25 free range Grilled Chicken sandwich, and were served a McChicken. Yes, my friends, this hotel is on the dollar menu and that is not a bad thing, as long as that is what you are looking for. If you want to impress your friends with how rich and cool you are, look elsewhere. If you want to impress your friends with how little you spent to stay in a prime location (close to so many things) on the strip then this is your place. Sure the rooms/carpet/elevators/etc are comparable to a $25 a night seedy hotel, but that is what you are paying! I have stayed there 4 years in a row for a convention held at a neighboring hotel and usually spend under $100 for 5 nights, whereas most people are paying 5-10 times that to stay in one of the adjacent hotels. How much time do you want to spend in your room anyways? I'll keep ordering the McChicken... as long as it stays a buck!
1	Don't ever come here. It's horrible inside. I should have picked up my guest in valet. This place is hot and dank. If your meeting someone here, meet them outside and take them somewhere nice.I felt so terrible when my cousin called and said she was staying at the Quad. She got a deal on the internet and it looked amazing from the pictures. HA! I knew it was under HEAVY renovation and it wasn't a nice hotel in the first place.  I went to pick her up and had to go inside and meet her in her room. It was so crowded walking though very narrow areas that were blocked off on both sides forming a wave walkway for guest to follow into the casino. Once I passed the front desk I found the elevator and only one was working so I literally waited in a long line for people to get on, wait, get off, and come back down. The elevator was old so it wasn't fun being packed in there. The room was DANK. It looked like an old motel room out in the middle of some remote area of a town. Pastel colors and tiny nasty tiled bathroom counter and floor.  It looked like something from 1979. The pool area was crowded but nothing special to be around.  We finally got out of there and I took her somewhere nice to show her that Las Vegas strip rooms aren't nasty like that. Hopefully this renovation will be amazing but I can tell it's not going to hold a candle to the expectations. They should have closed the place until they get it together.
1	My boyfriend got his brand new sneakers (Air Max 95 original colors) stolen from right out of his duffle bag in the hotel room.  He filed a complaint and we found out that they almost immediately shredded it.  Lesson learned.  Don't ever stay at a 2 or 3 star hotel just to save a bit of $.  Always get a room with a safe, even though no one really would put their shoes in a safe. :/So, Zero Stars and we're never returning to Quad ever again!!  Never!!!
5	Got married @ The Silver Sky Chapel inside this hotel on June 15th. The Chapel is beautiful, we couldn't have been happier! We did not stay at this hotel so i cannot comment on that.
3	they're remodeling but its standard. not a hotel you wanna bring a one night stand to. if youre young, partying, and wanna feel the full vegas effect then dont go here. but if you dont care, staying here isnt the worst since youre never in vegas just to hang out in the hotel room anyways.elevators are slow! small casino on the first floor.
1	The smell of cigarettes from 1980. A torn condom box behind my nightstand. Human stains on the plush headboard. Someone else's washcloth hanging from my shower head. Halls that make the halls of The Overlook Hotel in The Shining look inviting. What more can I say?
1	If you're looking for dirt cheap, you found it. With extra dirt, noise, ghetto crowds, and totally uncaring 1-star staff.  We had FREE ROOMS here and we still left! This place (in its current state) is not even worth free! We thought a brand new hotel would have brand new rooms, but the rooms are just the former Imperial Palace rooms which are still untouched, and still disgusting.  Even the signs on the doors are disgusting! As if the rooms weren't bad enough, the entire place is under construction, and its a nightmare getting in and out. They should just close while remodeling and then show everyone what a nice place it is in a year. Oh, and the "Luv Tub" rooms are super gross. We thought it would be a jacuzzi suite, but its not a jacuzzi or jetted tub, just a GIANT BATHTUB that literally can seat about 8 people. It also has a very stained and dirty mirror right over the bed. Maybe this would be a good place for a porn shoot or dirty orgy, but not somewhere you want to actually sleep or touch any surfaces of!I absolutely would not set foot inside until after the entire remodel is finished. I am however, excited to see what it turns out to be in a year or so. The new complex they are building looks really cool.I just wish they would do the public a favor and close completely during the remodel. But hey its Vegas, and they want to make their money. You've been warned. Spend $5 more and stay somewhere else. Totally not worth it even for free!
3	If you book the Quad, this is to make your Vegas stay cheap! I booked the Quad for a very low price, and I have to say that this worth it 100%, as it is way better than some motels at the same price. Some negative points: Long wait to get the keys, room far from the lobby, staff not really helpful, etc... But all in all, the room was spacious enough, the view on the pool was good, the location is very central, and the casino has been renovated and looks quite good now. I definitely recommend the Quad if you want a cheap but central location (you will spend anyways a few hours only in the room) and you should avoid if you are looking for a nice romantic and high end place.
4	It's hotter than satan's taint. It was a decent place for the price. Not too shabby. If I can afford a more luxe place, I'd certainly would. But, my friends and I enjoyed our time there.
1	I hated this hotel. It's one of the worst hotel I stayed at. We had a party in the ballroom and it was a good size for the amount of people we had. On the other hand, the hotel rooms were not okay. The floors were dirty, the shower wasn't clean, and I just didn't like it. Another thing was that the elevators were so slow and it took my family and I an hour to get to the parking lot and we were only on the 4th floor. However the location of the hotel was good right on the strip but do yourself a favor and stay at another hotel.
1	OMG!!!! I thought since it changed names from Imperial Palace to the Quad it would be kept up better. NOT!!! Yes they are still doing  construction like they have been for over a year but, come on take some pride in this place. DIRTY, HOT ugg. Went to eat at a restraunt in there and you had to take this tiny elevator that 4 people fit in and it looked like it was falling apart. Its like don't touch anything. Our room over looked the strip. I barely saw Cesar Palace beyond a wall in front of us. The floors were stained and dirty don't take your shows off. The furniture was sticky, dirty, scratched. The bed you can see the dips in it before you got up on it. the blanket was stained, the white sheets were stained in areas and the head board covered velvet was stained with who knows what. We had the A/c full blast and it was barely working. I don't even want to talk about the bathroom.  We went on a staycation there since we live in Vegas. $20 for the room. $11.85 for resort fee. and its a maze trying to get to the parking garage so many of us were frustrated trying to get out on the right floor. The customer care was awful they did not care. After being in the hotel for 3 hours we checked out and went home. DONT STAY HERE. The only thing we liked was the Classic car Museum that was great.
3	The Quad Resort and Casino- formerly Imperial Palace- is now in construction and renovation. It is not yet complete but a lot of its features are already being upgraded. Casino: the place is more modern looking similar to the fancy high end hotels like the Cosmopolitan. The carpet and tile floors are updated and slot machines and tables are also similarly new. Still remodeling most of it so their are only limited tables/slots/ and one really nice bar area. Hotel room: I stayed in an upgraded room, 9th floor, overlooking the swimming pool and it was FREE. Carpet is old and so is the furniture but that doesn't matter because all I'm doing is sleeping. The bed sheets/pillows/blankets were all white, not that cheap motel looking print. Pretty decent. There is a balcony you can walk onto and have a drink or a cigarette (even in the non smoking rooms). The bathroom is nothing special. A toilet, tub/shower, sink and mirrored wall. Overall- I like all the upgrades even though the place is under construction and not quite complete. It doesn't compare to the modern Cosmo or Aria but for $20/night or complimentary rooms- it's worth it. Better than staying at Motel 6. The staff is super friendly and always willing to help with your bags or answer questions. Gambling odds are pretty decent compared to the other hotel casinos. Get a rewards card- the perks are worth it. Would definitely come back next time- I can't wait until the rest of the place is upgraded and finished. I'm waiting to become a platinum member to this place- I will be staying here every time as long as the perks are still honored! Review to be continued.
1	This place is so disgusting.We needed a pet friendly room last minute, so we tried not to be too picky. After price shopping, The Quad was a more affordable option, so we decided to give it a try and make the best of it despite the poor reviews. Why oh why didn't we heed everyone's warnings?I called a day before to make sure that early check was an option, and what the cost was. Normal check in is 4 PM, but we arrived around 1:15 PM or so. After finding a parking spot in a small, cramped, poorly marked parking garage, we made our way through the construction and cramped space to the front desk. I'm fine with paying the early check in fee, but our room wasn't ready. This option should not be offered if the hotel cannot honor it. We ended up sitting in our car running the AC for an hour so that our dog wouldn't get overheated.We were put in a pet designated room, which was hard to find, and which absolutely stank of animal urine. The bathroom also reeked of sewage. The carpets were dirty, as other people mentioned, and the furniture was old and dingy. The bathroom was crusty and gross. The bedsheets looked OK (no obvious, visible black marks like others have mentioned), but I wasn't happy sleeping there.The next morning, after checking out and making our way out of the parking garage, we saw that a pipe burst on the ground level and that there was some flooding. My husband asked someone directing traffic what to do; the man very rudely replied that if we decided to drive over the water, it was our responsibility to cover any damage. My husband then asked what he recommended, to which he replied that we go back, park, and wait 2 hours. This wasn't an option for us, so after watching a couple other cars cross, we did, too.Don't stay here! There are other pet friendly hotels, both on and off the strip, that are better than this. Even if you're just looking for a cheap place to sleep late at night while spending all the rest of your time in Vegas at nicer places, do not stay here.
3	I was nervous based on the other reviews.  But it wasn't so bad.  Check-in took a LONG time and the lady checking us in wasn't very friendly.  The room was fine, I can see it needs updating badly but the beds were comfy and clean.  The carpets are dirty though.  The "closet" does not have a door so it's a little weird.  The door to our tiny balcony was super hard to open.  I would only stay here again if it was super cheap.  Only if it was crazy cheap.
4	Look, this hotel probably doesn't get 4 stars really but honestly people wrote some crazy bad reviews on this hotel and IT ISN"T BAD AT ALL!  I was pleasantly surprised.  :DWe got room #9101 and it was the handicap room.  All 6 of us visited during EDC weekend and we checked in on the Thursday night before (HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GUYS). I was super nice to the check in girl, slipped her a $20 and asked for the nicest room she could give us away from the construction. That led us to Tower 1 which is the first set of elevators next to check in - and bonus - next to Fat Tuesday where we could get delicious slushy drinks to cool us off!  I asked for a refrigerator, and she had room service bring it right up!!!The room was CLEAN, did NOT smell bad, had a pretty good view, a balcony, free ice machines right outside the door, the A/C worked great, the drains did NOT clog, we had a nice big flat screen TV, and the hotel maids came every day to change our trash and give us towels.  Plus we were right next to their supply room so we could get more towels when we wanted ;)  Above all - it was amazingly quiet!  For a light-sleeper, that's saying a lot!  The 2 queen beds were nice, comfy, and clean -  not what some of those horrible pictures where on some of the reviews I've seen.The hotel had the perfect stores and cafes to get whatever you needed.  There was great prices on beer, and their little cafe had hot food and even some healthy food too.  And an ice cream parlor! lol.I only walked through the casino to go out the front entrance and it looks great.  Their quickie mart was awesome too.Parking situation: not bad!  The other reviewers just think it's bad because they don't have common sense or know how to read friggin' directions (left for Harrah's, and right for the Quad! Duh!).  It was a little confusing on how to get up the structure at first, but there's a little guy riding a bike around and you can ask him for help.  It literally only took us 10 minutes to find a parking spot and head toward the check in counter.  Such complainers on this yelp site!Tips:1.) elevator #2 and #4 worked the best in tower 1.  I heard tower 4 is a bad so ask not to be there.2.) be really nice to the staff, ok?! Like, kill them with kindness.  3.) check in on a Monday-Thursday.  You'll be greeted with a nicer attitude from the check in people and they'll be able to cater to your needs more because there will be more rooms available.4.) bring a FAN to air out the bathroom - the vent doesn't work and it sure gets stuffy and hot in there.  I brought a box fan and it was the best thing I brought!5.) bring a power surge thing.  If you have a lot of people it'll save you!We spent 4 days here and honestly I couldn't have asked for a better situation given that we only paid $400 for 4 nights (I booked in January and traveled in June during one of the highest-traffic times of the year).  Pretty darn good deal if you ask me.  I would stay again, but I like to try other hotels.
1	I am unhappy for one main reason. We accepted the low rate deal during renovations. For the good price, we figured we could put up with some inconvenience. At the front desk, we got double talked. The guy said that the room wasn't very good due to noise and construction so he would upgrade us. The regular rate on THAT room was blah blah but it was being discounted to half price etc., The price he gave sounded like that was the whole price and only slightly more than our bargain deal. Guess what! that price was ON TOP of the original deal. We found out when we checked out. Really sleazy. Our upgraded room was not cleaned well. There were dark smudges of something on the counter top and on the floor. On the teensy balcony were beer bottles full of cigarette butts. The giant bathtub was in the main room next to the bed. I'm not complaining that the room was on the shabby side--it's under renovations and why we were supposedly getting a really low rate for a place on the strip.  But since we were tricked and the rate wasn't that good after all, we were ticked off. We had a budget built around the promised rate. So, my advice is to stay away from the snake oil salesmen.
5	Bring back the IP waitress outfits. They are sorely missed.What should one expect when the rooms cost $20/night, or are free.The staff is friendly, and you are but a stone's throw away from the glamour casinos.This is a hidden, cheap gem on the strip due to its location and price.
1	PLEASE DONT STAY HERE. I am not a picky person when it comes to cheap hotels, but this is not a hotel. This is an absolute dump. When I booked my trip, I thought they had renovated some of the rooms and were discounting stays because of the construction. With this being our first vacation in 3 years of marriage (two small children at home with grandma) I was so so excited. Have been to Vegas before and always had decent, even if cheap, places to stay. Thought we would try this up-and-coming hotel...Boy, was I lied to. At check in, we were told "none of the rooms are renovated." Okayyy. Guess we just misunderstood. We were booked in room 1565 in the 5th tower. Heading up to the room at 2 am after a delayed flight, the smell of smoke and urine was strong. Stains covered all hallways. Elevators shook and squeaked. It was right out of a movie. Got to our room, and were greeted by a dingy, dank cave with dilapidated furniture and fixtures. I looked around and felt dirty just being there. The only thing that seemed "clean" was the bed. Carpets were filthy, lamps were dusty, and nothing seemed clean enough to even stand next it without catching something. The bathroom made me nauseated. Hair all over the floor and ON the toilet. I wished I had brought my cleaning gloves and some bleach. I wanted to turn around. But it was 2 am and my husband didn't want to make waves. So we put everything on surfaces that were less dirty and went to bed. The sheet on the bed was a flat white sheet thrown over the mattress... No fitted sheets here! Three cheap deformed pillows (tiny) were expected to be enough. Ugh.Fast forward 4 hours to 7am. A LOUD siren comes on that jolts us awake and makes us think the world is about to IMPLODE. Half-dressed and deafened, we open the door to see a family heading for the stairs (15th floor, people). No smoke, no lights or signs of actual doom. After 5 minutes, the alarm stops. Whew. False alarm, says the automated voice on the speaker. Then it starts AGAIN. Are you KIDDING me?! Yet again, we try to be understanding of the construction and such. We suck it up and go back to sleep.I got online and started reading reviews of people getting robbed while away, so we put up the DND sign and took valuables with us. I have never been as anxious and jumpy in a room as I was here. The construction made it so that every day there was a brand new way to get anywhere. Hallways moved and redirected, elevators hidden, and employees as clueless as any of us. And miserable. We tried joking around with the guy who checked us in. Nope. Nothing. Just that I-hate-my-job-and-you-people vibe. Even though we got a great deal, we decided to check out early and forfeit our money. I couldn't spend another night in this nasty place! I actually CRIED upon returning to the room on our second day, feeling so sad that we left our kids for THIS COMPLETE HELL-HOLE. I called around and got an amazing deal at Planet Hollywood for our last two nights, thank God. We packed up and were gone as fast as possible at almost midnight. PH upgraded us for free after our hellish experience and I cried again (pure joy) when we got to our new room. I am never, ever returning to the Quad no matter what they do to renovate and remodel. They should be absolutely ashamed (hell, they should be SHUT DOWN) for the condition of those rooms that they actually charged people for. Lesson: spend an extra $20 a night and sleep somewhere you can actually feel good about putting things on the floor and surfaces. It might seem like a good deal, but I promise it is anything but. Please save yourself the hell we went through!
1	I stayed in this hotel for Super Bowl Sunday my friend booked the room and got a great deal well now I know why he got a great deal the room sucked was a dirty room the first night we got their we get or stuff stolen I made a complaint and till this day I haven't heard from them I don't recommend it at all it's not worth it ... They will reel u in to stay then robe u while your out ..
1	DO NOT STAY HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO PARTY 24/7 IN A FILTHY FRAT HOUSE!I needed a room for one night while attending my high school reunion.  I had decided to go at the last minute so just wanted something close to Planet Hollywood (the reunion location).  Rooms at PH were over $200 a night, so at $130 I booked The Quad.  What a dump!  When I found the temporary check in desk I noticed everyone in the long line to check-in (30 minutes) looked to be between 16 and 24 years old.  The staff at check-in was very friendly.  Let's just say this place is more like a Frat House (think Animal House here) than a resort.  The Towers face each other so you can see in the rooms across from yours from the "balcony".  Groups of 18-24 year olds stood out there screaming "wooo hoo"  and "show us your t!ts" to people across The Quad from 6:30-7:30 p.m. (when I left) and were still at it when I returned to the room at 4:00a.m. and it continued until I gave up and got up at 7:30a.m.The room was dirty, the carpets were stained, the bathroom hadn't been mopped (proven with a quick wipe with a damp washcloth), the place smelled bad.On a good note. The beds and pillows were new and very comfortable! The rooms facing the strip are above the "nightclub" which blasts music until 4:00 a.m. with no reprieve, so it's not any quieter on the other side of the building.  This former Imperial Palace looks beyond repair.  I recommend moving on, even if you have to pay a little more.  It's worth it for a clean comfortable room that you can enjoy for the short time you're in your room or just sleeping off a late night. The rooms at Planet Hollywood were clean, comfortable and nicely decorated.  Go there instead. I wish I had!
1	The renovations are out of control, and there was not a warning of this when I booked my room online, nor did they discount my room because of that (partially my own fault for not researching, but they should have helped me out!)Like most of the recent reviews, I agree that it is a complete maze to find anything. There are not many signs or instructions to help you out either. We couldn't find the correct elevator for the restaurants. We had to go down some random, non-functioning escalators and got lost trying to find the casino. When we checked in she told us how to get to our room:  go down this hallway, you'll see elevators, take them up to the second floor, turn left and go to the end and go back down to the first floor. HAHA WHAT? But we found it.First thing we said upon opening our room door was OHHH NOOO, smelled like mold and urine. Carpet was gross. Beds looked decent and were comfortable. Did not see any bugs or DNA but the smell hurt. The main light did not work and the decor was old and dirty.The location is good.Even if these renovations are completed spectacularly I will not return.
1	dont ever go
3	Stayed here Monday-Friday. I got there around 5pm on Monday and the line wasn't thaaaat long. However, over the course of my stay I seen that the lines can get pretty damn long. Even at 2-3am in the morning!!! Crazy. The hotel is currently A LOT of construction/renovation. When we got there, we had a hard time finding the hotel registration/check in. The signs that pointed to it were apparently not updated yet... and when I asked the guy who checked us in, he said that they JUST moved to a new location for check in. He was very nice and friendly, unlike the Flamingo front desk people but anyway...My boyfriend and I stayed in Tower 5, 1694. BTW, the tower 5 elevators are so smelly, I thought I was gonna hurl everytime I stepped in them. It smelled like sweat and old throw up... or something. They seriously need to do something about it.The "strip view" was OK, not as nice as I thought it was gonna be, but because the hotel is somewhat behind the Flamingo, the view wasn't thaaat great. Our room was decent. For the price of the hotel, I had a $20/night + $10/night "resort fees" + I upgraded to a "strip view" for another $10/night, so paying around $40/night on the strip, I thought it was okay. Oh yeah, and if you do get a strip view, it does get really noisy at night due to the Carnival bar thing downstairs, but it didn't really bother us- I mean, you areeee in Vegas. I couldn't find a vending/ice machine anywhere also....I stayed here when they were still "Imperial Palace" and I must say that the casino has improved A LOT. Everything looks new downstairs... the valet area, casino, bar, etc. I'm not sure if they started upgrading the rooms? Well it doesn't seem that they started in Tower 5 anyway.Everytime I tried calling the Front Desk, they'd NEVER answer! Instead of waiting in that long ass checkin/out line, I checked out via my TV, which was cool, but you won't get a receipt. For the price and location, I would stay here again. The rooms aren't all that great but my boyfriend and I mostly just slept and were out and about for the rest of the day so it was whatever. Don't expect anything too fancy.
2	You get what you pay for. Although affordable, the lobby is filled with stragglers and unsavory scents. The carpets have stains and the "free internet" makes you logon like every 5 minutes. The rooms themselves actually ain't that bad despite the lack of character. Spend $20 more per night somewhere else and spare yourself the regret.
1	This is a HORRIBLE Hotel.  I would give it no stars if I could.  For the record, I am not picky, I stay at cheaper hotels often.  But after staying here I would say PLEASE PLEASE go stay at Motel 6, it is the same price and I am sure it is nicer.I came here with two girlfriends 4th of July weekend.  I knew the hotel would be crowded, but the staff at the Quad should also have known that and should have been prepared for that.  Instead they completely overbooked their hotel.We arrived at 2:30 a.m. on Wednesday July 3rd, assuming that at 2:30 in the morning no one would be checking in.  We were wrong.  We had to wait for an hour and a half in line just to check in because they only had TWO desk personnel who were trying to check in 50 different people.  Not to mention the lobby stank of paint thinner, so I am sure I got poisoned just standing there for 2 hours.  We finally made it to our room at 4 a.m.  I thought they were rennovating the whole hotel, but that is not true they are just adding things to the lobby and the rooms are the same as they were in the Imperial Palace.  The room itself was fine, just small, and I am positive the balcony has never been cleaned ever.  So we go to bed, and then we get woken up by the maid busting in at 7:30.  Really??? This is Vegas, who wakes up at 7:30.  Later that day, around 3:30 in the afternoon we tried to go into the elevator, you know to go to our room.  I kid you not we waited in a 20 minute line to get on the elevator.  I have never in my life waited for an elevator that wasn't the Tower of Terror at Disneyland.  Oh and the ice machine on our floor didn't work, and ice is pretty essential when its 115 degrees outside. The Parking Situation:  The self-parking garage takes about 20 minutes to get to from your room, so be prepared for that.  Second you have to walk through a hallway which leads to the "dog waste area" i.e. where people's dogs pee.  However, the whole hallway stinks of pee so you get to enjoy that while you walk to your car.  I have a dog.  I left him at home, because when I go on vacation I don't want to smell dog pee. And the last night we were there (Saturday July 6) we could not even find a parking spot in the parking garage so we had to park at Harrahs and walk back to our own hotel.  And if you didn't think it gets worse it does...On the day we were trying to check out there was a giant sewer break so sewage was basically pouring through the parking garage and you had to drive over it in order to leave.  Moreover, a woman who was checking in at the time was told by one of the desk attendant that it was due to a thunderstorm from the night before.  I was out until 4:00 a.m. that night, there was no thunder storm and when I left the hotel there was no water in the rest of Vegas.  It's bad enough to have a sewage leak, its worst to lie about it.And finally, as we were checking out, two girls behind us who had just checked in informed us that they had gone up to their room, pulled open the shower curtain and found a poop in the shower.  Yes, I said a poop.  A previous guest had literally pooped in the shower and the maids didn't clean it up.  I was just glad I found that out after I was already leaving.  So overall, don't stay here. ever.
1	I arrived here with two friends on Friday night. There was a huge rainstorm and the whole parking structure was flooded so we parked at the Harrahs next store. I'm almost glad we didn't arrive earlier or our car would have been stuck in the structure until the next day. Because of the storm the hotel was a mess, certain areas were closed off and it was a mission to get to the crowded front desk. We had to take our shoes off and walk through a flooded stairwell. Once we finally got to our room I was relieved. The room is okay, the air conditioning works really well. The hotel is like a maze, no signs actually lead you in the correct location. At one point we went to the 5th floor because that's were some restaurants were located, it took us to a small room with a bunch of locked doors and we were trapped in the eerie place for 10 minutes waiting for the elevator which totally sucked and freaked me out. The staff wasn't very helpful. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. The only good thing is that it is on the strip. Maybe after the construction is done it will be better but I doubt it.
1	My boyfriend and I saw a deal on Groupon to stay here this past weekend. It was my birthday weekend. I will start off with saying that the only good thing about this place is the location- as it's right in the center of the strip. Everything else, however, was TERRIBLE. We got there a little before check-in time, so we decided to get in line because it was literally out the door and figured by the time we got to the front it would be time to check in. Luckily after about 10 minutes, they opened a new counter and if you had a total rewards membership, you could get in that line. We were the third in line and that alone took another 15-20 minutes. How long does it take to give someone a room key? While I was waiting in line, which by the way was right next to one of their construction zones, I realized that I had a screw stuck in my sandal. A SCREW! When I reported it to the guy at the desk, he seemed like it was no big deal. Then, we went to our room. The hallways and elevators are so out-dated and smell musty. The carpet is all wrinkled. The room itself doesn't look like it's been updated since 1989. Everything in the room was beige. Including the ugly paintings on the walls. The room was large for the 1 king bed, but it looked odd since they didn't fill it up with furniture. There was a small table with 2 chairs, but the chairs didn't even match. Then the worst part- the bathroom. The toilet had no seat cover. What is this, a park bathroom? And it didn't flush well. Also, there was no water pressure. I felt cold taking a shower because there wasn't enough water running on me. Honestly, I've stayed at Super 8s that were 10 times better than this hotel.
2	this casino is under construction.  not just a little - a LOT.  the casino that is actually open is like a sad depressing version of what vegas *should* be.  don't listen to whoever says the upgraded area is nice.  it's not.  it's a cheap IKEA version of what a real casino is.  anyone with an eye for cheap knock-offs can tell you that.  my bf and i arrived late on friday night, and i thought we'd definitely stay around the casino and get buzzed and go bed before 3am, but after surveying what was available to do at the quad, we realized that staying there would be WORSE than not having come to vegas at all.  i think my boyfriend said something like "if we stay and gamble here tonight i'll end up crying into my beer"  we RAN AWAY to the mirage ASAP.the hotel is disgusting.  i thought for sure we just didn't stay in an upgraded room, but after having read the other reviews - i think we actually did.  i. can't. believe. that.  and i'm not a picky girl.  i think i was in an upgraded room because the sheets were white.  apparently that's the upgrade?????  okay - the hotel gets one star for existing.  it gets two stars because the bed is actually comfortable.  the upgraded sheets are nice.  HOWEVER,  *every* other aspect of the room is terrible, and motel 6 beats it hands down - except for the bed.  i'm surprised we didn't find used needles on the carpet.  this place is like horror movie.my bf has stayed at imperial palace many times before, and always says it's a great value because who spends time in their rooms in vegas?  even he was disgusted with the state of this place and thought they were letting the "old" rooms go before they upgraded them.  unfortunately he was wrong.  that's just how they are.usually i console myself knowing that i saved a buttload of cash by staying in a cheaper but not as nice place, but after this experience, i think it's better to pay up.
1	No! The rooms are decent BUT the hallways are disgusting. They need to tear everything out...wallpaper, carpet - they need to start over!  They're current renovating the casino which looks awesome. Be prepared to run into some scethcy ass people in the hallways. Oh yea...one night ALL the elevators stopped operating except for one elevator.  You had to truck up and down the stairs like a hurd of cattle.  Hopefully after they renovate the casino they will then concentrate on updating the room towers. Super old hotel but it actually feels more like a motel.  There was trash, food packages, FOOD, empty bottles, cigarette butts all over the floors in the mornings.  I feel super bad for the cleaning crews. Super Ratchetness!!!  OH how can I forget...one hallway you can actaully see blood splatter on the wall paper.  I about died!  RUN...do not stay here until they clean this ghetto ass place up!
3	First of all I got our room for free during the 4th of July weekend, so my review may be a little lenient because of that...Yes the hotel is under construction and I am excited to see what it WILL look like. However right now the construction makes it slightly annoying to navigate. The rooms aren't bad. They are completely outdated. The door to the balcony was super hard to open. I didn't find any part of the room to be dirty per se. The carpets definitely show their age but I am sure they will be much better after the complete renovation. It is Las Vegas and we did not spend a whole lot of time in the room except for sleeping so I would stay here again (if it was comp-ed pre-complete renovation) after they complete it.
1	This was the WORST place I have ever stayed.  I'm not that picky, but I do have certain expectations when I stay at a hotel that calls itself a "resort".  Even 1 star is too good a rating for this place.  During my stay, 3 nights/4 days, at one of their escalators never worked, with others hit or miss, the elevators that worked were slow at best - and there was only one working elevator to get to upper levels of the parking structure on Saturday and Sunday.  No air conditioning in the little box in mid July + hot sweaty bodies = YUCK.  When I mentioned to the front desk clerk that only one elevator was working she said she'd call maintenance (like no one has said anything about it in the previous 24 hours) but not a word of regret about the inconvenience.  The room was dirty - there was a visible 3-4 inch layer of dust around the perimeter of the floor where the cleaning staff clearly never runs the vacuum.  The smoke detector was non-existent - you could see where the mounting was and some wiring, but no smoke detector.  They clearly have no concern for their customers, just for the money they grab for every little thing they can.  The best part was when I had taken the car out for the day and was on my way back to the hotel and had a call from my hubby letting me know that I wouldn't be able to get back into the parking structure to pick him up because it was flooded.  Yes, flooded!  The hotel has an agreement with the city who compensates them to allow flood waters (there was a severe thunderstorm and flash flood) to drain through their parking structure.  You would think there would be some compensation to their customers for this inconvenience, but no.  Thankfully the thunderstorm the next night didn't produce as much rain so we only had to drive through a low stream to get into the lot instead of trying to find a spot in the neighboring Harrah's lot (which was packed with the cars of their own and Quad customers).  So I suggest checking the weather before you head out for a stay at The Quad - if thunderstorms are in the forecast, make other accommodations. No, make that just a blanket - make other accommodations.  Spend a few more dollars and enjoy your stay in Vegas.  The only reason we stayed there was for convenient access to an event being held there - never again.
1	A previous reviewer nailed it -- this place is a HOT MESS.  We came in for a show, and had a really hard time navigating thru the casino aka unmarked labyrinth of hallways.  Serious, serious directional problems here, folks.  If I didn't remember the general direction from the Imperial Palace days, we'd probably still be wandering the make-shift corridors of pipe-drapes, broken escalators, and haphazard construction equipment.Walking past the long, long line at Registration, I pitied the tourists who probably had a 30+ minute wait to get checked in on a Sunday at 8:30pm -- WTF!
1	The rooms were not super horrible. But when I left my stuff in my room items went missing. I checked in on Sunday Mid- day and then went out to show and dinner with friends. I left a necklace on the bed on top of my suticase when I returned it was gone. I looked everywhere and have continued to look through my stuff for the last 2 days and have not found it, I will be calling the hotel today to complain and report this to their security. So please be weary and leave all of your precious items at home. =(
3	This place gets semi-pass because of how cheap it is and the location. I paid $18 to stay here one night this past week. That's right, $18! As others have said, construction is annoying but the room was what I expected for the price. The location is great, right in the middle of the strip. I only used the hotel as a place to sleep so I didn't care too much about the actual room. The casino area was good and you can tell the place will be a lot nicer than it used to be once construction is finished. The check-in line was long but that's because the hotel was sold out due to how cheap the price was. If you're a hotel snob, don't stay here. If you're like me and care about price and location, stay.
1	I have been here many times before when it was Imperial Palace. I know its a relic compared to other hotels. It never really bothered me staying here, especially when I have stayed at higher end hotels like The Venetian and Mandalay Bay. I got a great deal online for $19 a night. Cant complain there. Why did I rate this so low? Waiting 90 minutes in line for  the registration desk sucked. There must have been about 120 people ahead of us. I got a shitty, yes shitty; room location with an awful view. Last year, I got a view of the strip, even with the facial remodeling of the front of the building. I was able to see pedestrians and street traffic. This time they stuck me in Tower 4 which gave me a Hallmark view of the construction site of what appears to be a roller coaster or whatever those giant white tubes are for. What sucked was we had to take two elevators every single time just to get to the parking lot or our room. We were stuck at the very end of a long corridor that had two turns to get to. I timed my walk from the room to the ice machine and back. It too almost 4 frigging minutes.Its just not worth it to save a few bucks. The 1000 step march is just way too much. Especially after a long day out and about enjoying the strip. This was my finally stay here.
4	So I booked the room with very low expectations thanks to other Yelp reviews. Our flight got us in at 9AM so we dropped our bags at the Bell Desk and played a hold em tournament,  when I lost embarrassingly early I hung out at the bar and found out you can check in early at no extra cost... checked in around 4 or 5PM and the line was a bit length but it moved quickly. The receptionist was incredibly helpful and nice and we got our room keys. The room was perfectly fine, no visible dirtiness, shower didn't clog (my biggest fear). Overall our stay was wonderful. There is construction going on, but it never really got in our way. We stayed one night and I will definitely stay again once remodeling is complete, the price can't be beat when our balconly overlooked the Bellagio Fountains, the Mirage Volcano and the Caesar's Collesum.
2	The casino floor is remodeling annd it is kinda messy for now... it looks very nice.   The room was terrible.   The furniture not align, dirty,  and carpet is very old.  Pretty much a run down hotel.
1	unfortunately i have to give at least one star in order to post this but this is not even worthy of any stars. one of the worst places i have stayed. dirty rooms, no signs explaining where to go. the elevators were very slow.  when we finally got to our room we turned on the lights which did not work except for the bathroom light. then we found the lamp between the beds (asked for one king and got 2 queens). the lady who was at the registration desk (where the line took 25 minutes to get through) gave us the room keys and envelope with the room number on it checked the wrong tower so after wandering around for 45 minutes with 2 dogs and 5 bags we called the front desk from one of the elevators and then transferred me to security who told us where to go. unbelievable. it was a complete maze to try and navigate through, no place to take your dogs pottty. they had us in the dungeon. gave us the wifi code but so far down that there was no reception. they are doing construction which is fine but what they need to do is make it the next on the list for implosion and call it a day.
1	I was checking prices for cheap hotels on Expedia.  I came across this hotel for very cheap during the week.  It was a MAZE to the parking garage from Las Vegas Blvd!  I'm surprised that I found a spot.  Hopefully I will remember where the car is parked.  I'm scared about that.  I know what level I am on, but I took like 3 different elevators to check in.  The hotel is under construction.  The line was very long (Late at night).  Hour later I finally was served.  The lady said that there is a $11.00 "Resort Fee".  I'm like, WHAT?!?!  Resort Fee?!  When's my Tee time?!  She giggled.  I said that I wasn't aware of that fee.I was tired, so I paid it and was going to leave a poor review on Expedia.  I sign in and I coudn't leave feedback on Expedia!  I kept following the links to leave feedback.  The only feedback I could leave was for Expedia themselves (Which I did).  Too bad they got the brunt of my poor attitude.  They received 1 star, and I will not be using them again.  Soooo many places that can get me a deal!So....  I would read the fine print first!  Their so-called "Resort Fee" is going up to $15.00/night August 1, 2013.The room is mediocre.  I stayed in Tower 5.  It's an older hotel, so it's not fancy like the Cosmo (Killer place!).If you want to find a cheap hotel (So you have more $$$ for gambling/etc), you won't save much here!!  They mask it up so you 'think' you are saving.
2	You pay for what you get hasn't been more apparent than here at the Quad. To put it simply, I asked my friend to remind me where our room was, he said:"Make a left at the first hole in the wall, then pass the two pee stains, straight down to the third dirty door to your right." (=___=)~Like everyone has stated, yes this place is under construction so it can be annoying to find your way around the construction to eateries or even your room (even more so when you're drunk, actually it was more funny then). I don't know when it will be done, but I hope it looks amazing when it does. :)Furthermore, check-in was a pain even though we were second in line we waited about a good 30 mins to be checked in. We were more annoyed to see three staff members idling around as we had our heavy weekend bags lugged over our shoulders. (u_U)#. Three days later check-in appeared to be even worse as we checked out; we could tell by the long line and very irritated expressions as we passed by. Additionally, it seems they only have two staff members running check-in at a time. Not cool. (=_=)~  Either way, if you want to do Vegas on the cheap and don't care about aesthetics much this place would do just fine. P.s the beds were comfy. I like comfy beds. :)
2	Looks good. Sounds awful. Whoever came up with the concept of a dealertainer should be banned from Vegas for all eternity. The "Talent" at the Quad is anything but talented. I saw Rod Stewart dealing Blackjack and I thought of a blond Troll doll on Xanax, he was that enthusiastic. The highlight of the quick trip through the quad had to be the impersonator of Tina Turner. This Dealertainer looked more like Whitney Houston after a bath thanTina Turner, but Tina is getting up there in years, so perhaps it was accurate. The sound ,however was extraordinary. Like two badgers in a gunny sack fighting over a live cat.Check out the Quad like you would a train wreck, look at it briefly then move along.
4	2 cents Tuesdays. Need I say more?4 stars because you get what you pay for.  This place was perfect because: 1) I'm not picky; 2) it's cheap; 3) it's centrally located on the strip; 4) they allow dogs; and 5) I won money.I think a lot of people failed to evaluate their priorities before they decided to stay here.  Were they expecting a Venetian quality stay for the amount they were paying? Again, read the first line.The resort fee includes WiFi so I was able to get some work done.  The room was clean  and I didn't see any roaches. Sure there were some stains on the carpet and chairs, and sure it was loud as hell being right in front of the strip above Margaritaville, sure they decided to shut off the elevator located conveniently next to my room, sure they overcharged my credit card but later refunded it back after some effort, but hey, the room served its purpose.On a side note, the sandwich trick worked here. Yes, I used the sandwich trick, here.
4	The way I see it, Vegas is basically the construction capital of the US. The grime will settle just as quickly as the dust does on your expensive, modern hotel. There will be a more modern, hipper, bigger, better, faster place before you can say "Book it!" So I would rather be a VIP (Total Rewards) and get perks at an older, albeit lowbrow joint -that's actually getting a makeover too- than be a nobody and pay full price at a classier place that's farther from the action and quickly becoming outdated anyway.Just as in real estate, my Vegas accommodation requirements are: location, location, location! The Quad is right in the heart of the strip. So there's a star. It's insanely cheap (often free for TR members). There's a star. You don't have to wander for 5 miles to get out of the casino and onto the strip. There's a star. Dealertainers = Dealer+entertainers. They are not great, uncanny look-alikes or impersonators. With their crooked wigs, they lip-synch to pop songs every 5 minutes then go back to dealing your cards. Hilarious. There's a star. Gambling has generally been good on the tables, not so much on the slots. But still the minimums are low like the room prices. There's a star. There's nowhere to eat inside the Quad itself. I mean there is but I wouldn't taste it with a ten foot pole - is that how the expression goes? Whatever. Anyway, if you just venture out of the hotel, there are a ton of options within a 1/4 mile radius or less. There's a star. My one gripe with this place is the freakin' parking situation! I'm pretty sure the congestion is mostly due to the construction but it's just a disorganized mess, really. There has to be more they can do to help the guests circling endlessly, trying to find an open spot while maneuvering around scaffolding. That's minus one star. Therefore, the one thing to "splurge" on here is valet. Pretty sure it is free to guests plus tip. So worth it. Quad, I will be in you this weekend. Let's see if anything will cause a shift in this rating one way or the other.
3	If you are looking for a really cheap place to pass out in a couple hours a night, that has a great location on the strip, stay here. If you want any kind of amenities, or are planning on being sober at any time, do not stay here. We came here on a Final Four weekend so all the hotels were expensive. For our 3 night stay we each saved $600 bucks by staying here instead of the Mirage. We took that money and spent it on better Vegas things instead.The place is (or was) under construction so it is really hard to find your way back to your hotel room if you are drunk...it was for me anyways.  Also, the plugs fall out of the electrical outlets (Oh Quad, you). This place did the job,  just know going in it's a s***hole and you'll be fine.
3	I had read the reviews on this hotel but I still decided to book here cause it's in the middle of everything and I was just planning on not even being at the hotel. Point is the staff is really friendly and I just wanted to give them a shout out. Yeah there's an hour wait to check in, but for 20 bucks a night I can't complain. Lastly, the bed was really comfortable.
2	The former Imperial Palace is undergoing some big renovations. So far the lobby and casino floor are looking way different. You no longer enter from the front-the lobby drop off is on the side by the outdoor Harrah's Bar. The Rock Bar that used to sit on the strip is gone, but the other restaurants inside are still there. I'm so glad nothing happened to the Hash House a Go Go! The new carpet is typical gaudy Vegas carpeting, but the tile flooring is looking good. The lobby check in system needs to be faster, and maybe setup differently. It moves way too slow. The gaming floor looks smaller in size, but it's not finished yet so I'm sure more is on the way. The rest of the Quad looks exactly the same. The horribly slow elevators, the buckled, dirty carpeting in the hallways, and the outdated drab hotel rooms. I met two friendly hotel staff members (the lady who checked us in at the desk who was also from Scottsdale, and our maid). Otherwise, everyone else seemed tired, unfriendly, like they hated their job and weren't afraid to let it show. Then why have I stayed here so many times? Well, it's cheap, and the location can't be beat. I'd much rather save some money staying here and spend it elsewhere in Vegas. Make sense right? I had better experiences at the old IP but maybe better times are on the horizon for The Quad.
1	Recently changed from Imperial Palace and now The Quad. Honestly, my friends and I only booked here to save a few bucks but it so was not worth it. Immediately upon entering the garage, there was a pungent sewer smell that seemed to linger into the hotel. The elevators were dirty, squeaky, sticky and made it feel like it was unsteady. Don't even get me started on our room. Our room had sticky, wet carpet with numerous stains on the ground. The furniture was outdated. We had a broken lampshade and light bulb in the bathroom. Few power outlets did not work. The shower curtain looked moldy and had holes and cuts in it. We had wicker patio furniture and when you leave your room, the door would not properly close all the way.  Some sort of mechanism of the door was not working and we found our door opened ajar thinking we had just gotten robbed. So when you leave be sure to check if your door is closed properly!We had called for extra towels and pillows and twice because they kept losing our tickets. Late check out is at 12pm. When the maintenance man came to our room to fix the lamp, he was rude and didnt even replied back when we talked to him, he straight up just ignored us whenever we asked him a question. The pool I didn't mind, it is a friendly family atmosphere, but not really the Vegas style pool party if this is what you're looking for. They close early at 6pm.I'm sure they will be doing renovations and until that time if I see any improvements in the ambiance, decor and service is the hotel I will change my review. But for now, I wish we had just spend the extra few dollars for one night at the Cosmopolitan or any other hotel. You do get what you paid for, but I still feel like we paid too much. We paid $174 for one night amongst 4 people. So in my opinion, still expensive if you're comparing it to a Motel 6. In a positive light, it did serve its purpose as a roof over our head and a place to sleep on the strip. But I would not come back here and would not recommend it to anyone else. If you're looking for a convenient location on the strip that's affordable stay next door at the Harrahs hotel, have been there numerous times and didnt mind it at all.
3	Stayed at The Quad over the weekend and felt as if I got exactly what I paid for (approximately $38/night + a small resort fee + tax for Friday-Sunday). My family and I arrived at Flamingo/Las Vegas Blvd. at around 8PM Friday night and easily found our way to and around The Quad's parking structure, parking itself, and the front desk - the many signs made it impossible to get lost.  To me, self-parking is hell at any hotel in Vegas so just keep in mind that 1) the way to the parking structure is shortly after the resort entrance when driving and 2) there's always free valet parking, just pay the tip and save yourself some hair.I believe there were two lines to check in, one for all guests and another for Total Rewards members.  After reading the many terrifying reviews for The Quad and a handful of positive ones, I found it advantageous to visit http://www.totalrewards.com/e-totalrewards/.  Registered for free membership, printed the temporary card, and used it for check-in at the Total Rewards Gold Members line.  It seriously took me, like, 10 minutes to check into 2 rooms.  Also, I tried the $20 sandwich here and got upgraded from Classic Doubles to Deluxe Double Queens.  The nice girl would have given me the Deluxe Luv Tubs but we needed 2 beds and that upgrade offered only 1 for each room.  Anyway, after keycards and wifi codes, we were on our way to our rooms in Tower 1.Our rooms were dated and a little basic for a "deluxe", but I was happy they were clean where counted.  Neither makeup nor bugs on the beds and no fecal matter in the tubs.  The carpets and chairs were slightly stained, though.  I suggest wearing shoes at all times.  Other things noted:Having the ice machine right outside of our room was pretty awesome.The balcony was cool, but it was dirty.The toilet was really loud.  It was also really weak so a double/triple flush might be necessary if you need to poo.The wifi password provided for one room didn't work or had expired.  I tried calling front desk for support but couldn't because they weren't programmed into our room phone.  If this happens and if you really need the internet, make sure you let them know SOMEHOW because they will not credit you back in any way.We slept well as the beds were comfortable and there was no noise outside.There were no break-ins..but if you're paranoid like me then I advise leaving your TV on when leaving.  Also make sure your door is completely closed and locked.The Quad itself is OK.  The hotel's ventilation wasn't great as the entire casino area smelled like smoke.  The staff was friendly and the dealers were entertaining to watch.  The bartenders were silly, dancing around like baboons with tips stuck to their foreheads.  But would I come back?  If I were on a tight budget, yes.  My usual go-to place is Vdara or Treasure Island because they're modern and pretty affordable but the location for this place is fantastic and I love that Hash House A Go Go is right inside.  Besides, the money my family and I saved by staying here trip went towards good food, many margarita yards, some gambling, and shopping.  Bottom line is that we knew what we were paying for and are NOT complaining.
2	Everyone seems to have the same comment about this place... "You get what you pay for". My best friend and I went during the week and stayed here for 2 days. We upgraded and still only paid $35/night... but that's about the only good thing about the stay. To start off on a positive note, they let us check in at 10:30 when normal check-in wasn't until 4, so that was EXTREMELY helpful. The front desk and bell hop were all very nice, as well as the valet. Room service wasn't available the ONE time I had called, so we didn't call again during the visit. The runner was on lunch so he was unable to provide room service for one hour. In our minds, if you have someone go on lunch, HAVE SOMEONE ELSE COVER HIM!! The room was VERY basic. Very old, paint was chipping on the dresser and nightstand. The door to the balcony was broken. Though it was nice to have a balcony, there's an outdoor club of some sort that was outside of our window that was going until 4am every night. It was completely obnoxious to the people staying at the hotel.Our bathroom had good lighting, and the shower was clean and nice. The downside to the bathroom is that our toilet didn't have a lid. We thought that was pretty unsanitary. The elevators were DISGUSTING. Made me not want to go back up to my hotel room just because I didn't want to take the elevator! They were EXTREMELY dirty and smelt like pee. You would HOPE someone walked in there with WAY too much perfume or cologne on so that it masked the smell of a bum.All 3 days we were seeing advertisements to the restaurant they have called "Quesadilla" and so on the third day we decided to go, when we got up to the 5th floor the restaurant WAS CLOSED. It was 4pm on a Wednesday! Checkout was VERY easy, all we had to do was leave our room keys in the room, so that was nice.Overall, a very awful hotel. I think that this hotel has potential (for the price) when it's done, but plain and simple it should NOT be open yet!
3	meow meow meow meowits okay to keep your kitty cats here.   and also your dogs.and despite being a [party] animal myself, that doesn't apply much to me because i don't travel to vegas with my animals...and that fact has absolutely nothing to do with my review.its a good hotel.  everything was clean.  lady at the front desk gave us a room on the top floor so we can feel like royalty as all the serfs and peasants lay in their 2 and 1-star yelp reviewed rooms below us.  thats right.  when i poop on the top floor, it literally passes through your floors.  mwuahahahaha.but really, it wasn't that bad.  clean bathroom.  clean beds.  balcony.  tv.  and pay-to-play nintendo 64 games.  what more can you ask for?!
3	We are giving this hotel 3 starts because honestly, the price was good.   When we checked in, the attendant at the front desk seemed that she HATED her job, no eye contact, seemed that she forgot to comb her hair that day..geez!  When we got to our room, the bathroom was dirty, the tub seemed like it hadn't been cleaned in DAYS, I refused to be barefoot in that bathroom.  The rest of the room was alright, it had some stains on the carpet but nothing crazy.  Our room faced the pool so it was nice.  During our stay I believe our tub was cleaned thoroughly ONCE, we stayed there 4 nights.  I think that I might stay here again AFTER its renovated and maybe when friendlier staff is hired.   But like everyone else says here, you get what you pay for.  Loved the convenient location, loved the Hash House a Go Go restaurant, def worth it!
1	DISGUSTING! They say they are new?!?? Over my dead body. I cannot say enough how sick we were over this place. Yes, you get what you pay for but come on. Hotel Impossible should come here and see how disgusting it is.
1	I stayed here last weekend for my niece's 21st birthday. I am an East Coast girl and have been to Vegas a few times. This is by far the worst hotel Ive stayed in ever in Vegas. I stayed in a Motel 6 that was much better than this. Before I continue, I will say that I didnt pay for nor choose this hotel so thats how I ended up staying. I dont think you should make the same mistake though. The casino area is clean and pretty and inviting. The elevators are nice even if always busy. The rooms?? THEY SUCK!!! The hallways to the rooms suck too!! The carpets are dirty and heavily stained. There were items left from the last guests in the room. Socks, M&Ms, an orange marker, and an empty water bottle. Nope...none of that stuff belonged to us. Definitely was there when we got there. The housekeeper didnt speak ANY English and didnt leave us clean towels. The bathtub was cracked and yellowing. There were some stains on the wallpaper that are unidentifiable. The ventilation in the bathroom rattled horribly. It was just a bad, bad, bad place. I work in hotels and I damn sure wouldnt apply here and I wouldnt stay here again either. The pool was okay even though you have to get pat down to enter.
1	The one star is for the pleasant and helpful staff. Everything else was super low rent. If you just need a place to drop your stuff in your room this place is fine but if you want to enjoy your room do not stay here. The pictures posted on Yelp explain everything you can expect from staying here.
1	Never ever ever go to this hotel.. I can't believe they call this place a resort!! Everything about this places said bad service. Even gold members had to wait in the regular line which took 1.5 hours..Then as we approached the desk worker I asked why don't they have more help? Her answer don't look at me I just work here!!In conclusion it's not worth the cheap fee to stay in a budget place.. Pay the extra and sleep in comfort!
1	This hotel is currently undergoing renovation. Dirty rooms.. Bath tub gets clogged.. No light. When we reported this to the front desk, they did not seem to be very helpful. Horrible hotel!!
3	We stayed at the Quad during our recent visit to Las Vegas. Here is a few pros and cons.Pros: - On the strip - They hold your bags for free if you have to drop the bags when you check-out and pick them up later in the day - Check-out process is efficient; a lady assisted us using her tabletCons: - The rooms were just okay; the carpet needs some serious cleaning - The bathroom doors need locks - The bathroom tub was clogged with water frequently - The resort fee came as a surprise when we checked-in
1	What a real sh*t hole. I read some reviews before going here and thought this place couldn't be as bad as people were saying for $100 room. Well I was wrong, every complaint was completely legitimate. We arrived at 9pm, got lost in the maze around the parking garage. Finally found the front desk and waited about 45 min to check in. While we were waiting in line an older gentleman fell and broke his ankle. No staff came to help this man off the floor, guests in line did. Security seemed to take their time getting there only to yell, thats right YELL, at one of the people that was holding this guys chair so it didn't slide out from under him. Everybody in line was horrified at what we were witnessing. The manager was even standing nearby chit chatting with his boss while this was all going down and yet no one felt it was appropriate to step in and help this man. They felt it appropriate for their guests to take care of it for them.   Even after we complained to the manager that we couldn't believe that he sat there and did nothing we were told that he felt they handled the situation fine and then had the balls to say "so your chief complaint is that I was sitting there laughing".  Yes d-bag my chief complaint is that you were too busy chatting and laughing with your boss being only 5 feet away from the situation watching your guests take care of a 6-70 year old who is in shock and falling down in your damn hotel. We finally got into the room (that was in the "VIP" tower) and noticed the musty moldy smell coming from the bathroom right away. There was wallpaper falling off the walls, random peoples hair left all over the bathroom, seriously stained carpets, old elevators that at times seemed that the doors would not close on their own, honestly the list just goes on and on.All and all a pretty terrible experience. I agree with the person who said they would have been better off at the motel 6.
1	Let me start by saying that I will never... NOT EVER... stay at this property again... EVER.  Harrah's should be ashamed of this flee trap they call a resort.I've stayed at nicer rooms at the Motel 6!We checked and were immediately disappointed that they put us in a room that was clear the other side of the property in the NOT YET renovated side.  My parents are disabled and have trouble walking long distances.  We requested a room near the elevator... not even close.The order that slapped us in the face the moment we opened the door was hideous!  Good thing we brought Fabreeze with us.  The drapes & carpet were stained and nasty and scarred with cigarette burns (in a NON smoking room!).  The tub kept filling up during a shower and drained very slowly... as well as the sink.When we approached the Front Desk Manager, the best she could offer was to move us to another room... which was pointless since we were leaving that very next morning.  When we asked for a courtesy comp for just one of the 2 nights we were there... she stated she couldn't (you mean WOULDN'T??) do that.Sadly disappointing.  A complete waste of money!  Next time I'll pay the extra $20 a night to stay at the Flamingo.
1	The rooms are disgusting.  I have pictures of the stained floor, and mildew stain on the outdated ceiling.  Carpet is so bad, we would not walk on it barefoot.  Manger would not help us out, front desk would not move us either.  Patio door would not shut all the way.  Room smelled of mildew and when shower was turned on there was an odor too.  Furniture in the room is very old, stained and disgusting.  I would never stay here again, it is about as close to a health hazard as you can get.  We had the Do Not Disturb Sign on the door and housekeeping still came into the room!  The only good thing about this hotel (I can's say it is a resort) is the Hash House a Go Go restaurant which is amazing.  Don't stay at this hotel, just go there to eat.
1	We stayed a whole 10 minutes in this disgusting "resort." It didn't take even that for us to realize what we were getting ourselves into. From the moment we stepped foot onto the first elevator we were immediately turned off by the filthy, outdated carpets and smokey smell. We decided to check in anyways and see if maybe the rooms had a little more to offer... This was not the case. The carpets were equally disgusting, we asked for smoke-free  room and it reeked of smoke. Not to mention the tub had mildew caked on the sides, who knows when those sheets were last washed and there were just weird mirrors all over the place... It reminded me of some kind of hooker lounge. Needless to say we immediately walked out and checked out pronto. It's frightening to think what I might of caught if I actually stayed there!! It's unfortunate because now we have to drive overnight to LA! But thankfully I can go home and shower!!
3	I stayed at The Quad over the weekend...honestly ITS NOT THAT BAD!!..ill admit I was terrified at first after reading all the reviews..but once I go there it wasn't as horrible as they make it out to be...room was clean, bathroom was clean, beds were made and NO ROACHES..its not as fancy and the furniture is old but its VEGAS...whos gonna spend time in the room all day?? Housekeeping was awesome too ...its in the middle of the strip and there's a bar called the carnival literally right outside ..we had a blast there..and vallet was quick n easy and very helpful...first night it was full and only open to guest since our friend had booked the room we didn't have anything to show that we were guest but they were nice enough to take my car still and get us help to bring our luggage up ;) ...WOULD DEF. STAY HERE AGAIN ;)
4	Dealertainers. What more could one need? In Vegas you expect to have a good time and the performers here will provide just that. I'm glad The Quad kept this feature from the days of The Imperial Palace. Where else can you play Blackjack with Elvis, Tina Turner, Wynona Judd or Lisa Lisa? Just make sure you avoid Shakira - she's terrible.I have no experience with the actual rooms. But, this place is still under construction and renovation so I'll just stick to the casino in this review. It's really a top notch, great location affair. The casino isn't too big, too cold, too confusing - it's just solid Vegas entertainment. Something in the foundation of this plot has good Juju because even as The Imperial Palace I've enjoyed the great energy and solid fun here. Centrally located and bustling with activity I will for sure be back. If nothing else, you get a great performance by celebrity impersonators all the time! I highly recommend stopping by Catalyst Bar to play some video poker or blackjack. It's a good time and it's close to the Dealtertainers. The bartenders are themselves very fun to watch as they toss bottles in the air and mix some killer libations. I really can't say enough good things about these folks - so much friggin' fun!
1	Have you ever seen The Shinning by Stephen King? I would rather stay at the Stanley Hotel, but not the nice historic Stanley Hotel, I'd rather stay at the SPOOKY hotel from the movie. The Stanley Hotel with those scary ass hallways with the twins at the end and where there is Redrum written in the blood on the walls. THAT ghost invested place would be like a 5 star hotel compared to this dump. If there was an option for a negative star this place would get it. Never mind the construction, I understand that but day-ham!!! Geez Loise! I can only blame myself though. This was my FIRST time ever (and my last)  not checking Yelp first and boy did I screw myself!! The rooms are a complete dump! I've seen pay-by-the-hour-sex-hotels in Tijuana that are classier and cleaner than this!! (I'm not joking!!)The carpets are gross, I did not walk barefoot on them, nor did I shower without my flip flops. There are stains everywhere, not just small stains here and there but huge ass stains about 3 feet in diameter. The carpets look about 500 years old they are so damaged. The bathroom!!! Aaahhhh! The last thing I want to see in the bathroom is someone else's PUBIC hair!!!! PUBIC hair on the sink and PUBIC hair on the floor, NASTY!!!!! Not to mention there are no upgrades to the bathroom. Your great grandmothers bathroom probably looks like this, with the tiny pink tub, yucky tile, out of date facets. I'm scared to shower because I don't want to get TB. There was mold, that's right, I said mold, in the bathroom. Every time I went in there I wondered if I'd end up in hospital from mold poisoning. When I crawled in bed I got this horrible feeling that little bugs were crawling on me. It could be in my head but I was scared....I was so scared I called multiple hotels at 3-4am to find a new place!!!!!Then I talked to a manager who said I could upgrade but I had to pay the difference. After I said I was going to leave they gave me a free upgrade to another room that was just as bad!!! The only difference was this new room had stains on the carpet that were only two feet in diameter instead of three. But low and behold, this room also had PUBIC hair and mold in the bathroom. WORST HOTEL EVER!
3	Just stayed here for my birthday with my boyfriend, hotel was under construction but it wasn't a big deal. We stayed in the deluxe room (pretty much a standard room) the room was spacious, & I love that almost every room has a balcony! But honestly the BED was SUPER comfy never have I slept so good in a hotel!!!..that alone was definitely worth the stay!!! Can't wait to see the hotel finished. Will come back again!!
1	Went to the Quad to save cash and left with a rash. I wish i was joking! Mysterious rash!  Our 1st room's toilet overflowed and the air conditioning did not work well. 2nd room at least had functioning items. 3x's we had to use the stairs to get down or up to the room located on the 9th floor! The best thing about the Quad was the Hash House. The food was delicious. The Quad did fit our purpose which was to sleep, but as far as being there any longer than that, forget it! I will never stay there again. I am so sad that I didn't read Yelp first. The carpets were held down with tape. No joke. Smelt like pot in specific areas. 30 people were waiting in line at 3 AM. when we got back from being on the strip... two people running registration. We decided to spend a little more next time or just go one less night but have a better room. Place is awful. By the way... what is this rash on my ankles?!?
4	Stayed at The Quad over the weekend with a couple of friends, booked Classic room and yeah you get what you pay for so no biggie.  Parking was an adventure had to park at Harrah's.  Getting to the room was fun, went up to 2nd floor walk a bit, hop on another elevator and go down to 1st floor lol. Room was okay, was there to shower and sleep not hangout and complain about how bad the room was or how the carpet had major stains on the floor -.- If you're in Vegas for the weekend and look to save a few bucks, The Quad is good just don't book the Classic Room you might end up with a view of a brick wall lol
3	As a vegas local who works in the nightclub industry sometimes I need a room to make sure I'm not out drinking & driving after a night out. SAFETY FIRST!! The hotel has been going through renovations for awhile now but it's starting to look way batter. Add that with the combination of the new LINK attraction & The Quad is right in the middle of all the action. The rooms are nothing special, yet, but they serve there purpose & for $25 a room Sunday-Thursday I'm not complaining too much. Looking forward to seeing it finished & I can see the rating of this hotel going up for sure
1	Staying at The Quad has been hands down the most horrible travel experiences of my lifetime. When we first got there, around 11pm, we stood in line for 45 minutes waiting to be checked in. After that we got lost in a labyrinth of hallways and elevators, we finally found the elevator to our floor that was basically in the basement. The elevator smelled like cat urine and dirty diapers, our floor smelled even worse. When we opened the door to our room we noticed lewd drawings on the walls, cockroaches, stains everywhere. It basically looked and smelled like a hooker had been murdered there, recently. We obviously immediately decided that we could not stay there, so we called the front desk. I was on hold for 30 minutes until we decided to walk back up to the front desk and talk to someone in person. The lady seemed unfazed at our assessment of the room and told us that floor hadn't been renovated in twelve years. We got "upgraded" to a different room that still smelled and had stains, but it was an improvement. I had brought pool cues with me, because I was there for the 2013 APA Nationals. The next night we fell asleep (we were sober), and upon waking up realized that my pool cues, and another girl's luggage, were gone. Which means that someone came into our room while we were sleeping and stole them. We called hotel security to file a report and he also seemed unfazed at this occurrence. "This happens all the time," he told me. He also said "The casino only cares about one thing -the casino," and "chalk it up as a loss." We noticed the front door to our room did not latch properly unless you slammed it shut, apparently it is not uncommon for thieves to roam the hallways and push on doors and steal from the ones ajar. They did not have cameras in the hallways, and were unwilling to look at footage from the video they did have. When no one seemed willing to help me in any way, I spoke with a manager. I did get a little emotional during our conversation, because there was some creep in our room while three helpless young women slept. We could have been raped or murdered, he could of done whatever he wanted, and no one at The Quad seemed to care. I told the manager I was not staying in an unsafe room and we were once again moved but he still would not do anything about our stolen belongings. After that my vacation was basically ruined, as one can imagine. To anyone reading this, I beg you not to stay at The Quad. It is unsafe, the staff is unhelpful and "doesn't care about you" - direct quote from staff member. I will be calling a lawyer and I plan on suing. I am also calling every media outlet in LV so that everyone is aware of how scary and unsafe this place is. The building needs to be condemned, not renovated.
4	After reading all these bad reviews on yelp I still went ahead and booked my room at The Quad. Sometimes I wonder if people will ever realize that in life you get what you pay for. You can't expect to pay $43 a night (that's what I paid Friday & Saturday) and have your hotel look like the Bellagio! I mean its Vegas the only time you need your room is to shower and take a quick nap. Okay enough with the rant. I stayed in the Deluxe non-smoking king bed room. After reading all the reviews I went ahead and checked the room for roaches, used condoms, pubic hair in the bathroom sink and tub, bad plumbing and bed bugs (remember to always check for bed bugs people!) So after my inspection of our room I found non of the things listed above. Our room was clean and bed was nicely made. I mean I paid $43 a night! (+the $25 early check in fee) I love that you have the option to check in as early as 9am for just $25 more. I honestly could say that I will be staying here again. 4stars for being on the strip and only $43 a night!
1	The WORST! I will never stay here again. The staff was rood and incompetent - they charged my credit card 3 times for the stay then told me I would have to fix it with my credit card company. The rooms smelled and were filthy. Stains everywhere in the hotel- rugs, walls, beds. I have stayed in motels that cost 1/3 of the price and weren't half as sketchy. I highly recommend you stay elsewhere - there are plenty of moderately priced places on the strip that you won't have to get a tetanus shot after your stay.
1	Driving back to LA from Breckenridge,  we decided to book a room at this place; "on the go"After 15 hours on the road we arrive in the treacherous parking lot where there are mountainous plateaus used for speed bumps. (Lower cars beware)Once we found the check-in desk We were checked in to room 128.I wonder if this room even exists, as we were unable to find it after 20 mins on our own. Along our travels to find room 128, we encountered three hotel associates, who were also unable to direct us to our room. One nice young woman who works as a greeter at the line attempted to escort us to our room to no avail.After 15 hours on the road,  and easily a 40 min search for a room that nobody could find, we checked out...got back in the car, and continued the journey home.
1	If I were them, I would shut it down till ALL renovations were completed! I stayed there a month ago, and it was horrible. I've never stayed in a casino where the toilet seat was chipped in 2 places and no one cared to replace! But aside from my many complaints, my biggest problem was the "SMELL". On check-in the valet was full, but we were told to pull up to the side for the bell hop to get our bags. Right when I open the door BAMM, the smell of sewage hits ur nostrils! And in our room, whenever I brush my teeth, wash my face, used the toilet, or took a shower, that disgusting smell was present. I'm getting nausea just recalling that whole ordeal!
4	Ok, so clearly people like to overreact. Las Vegas is one of those places where, yes, people will judge you by where you stay. Whatever. Once you get over that you will realize the Quad is actually a really decent place to stay especially when you are trying to "ball on a budget". When we arrived we did have a long wait in line so that part of peoples reviews is true. They were really accomodating, however, and a kind associate named Becky gave us a room near the elevator and even on a higher floor! Also, if you sign up for Total Rewards (includes all the major Harrah's hotels) then the early check-in fee is waived. We stayed in a Deluxe 2 Queen room. Like other reviewers, we checked the room for roaches, used condoms and general cleanliness. Its not a top of the line hotel so you do have to realize that you get what you pay for. Yes, they need to change the carpet...there were some weird stains on the wall. But in general the place was clean. The sheets were spotless and we had a flat screen television. Also, unlike Elara where we frequently stay, this hotel has an ice machine on every floor. You are right in the middle of the strip and within walking distance to many of the main hotels including the nightlife at the Mirage, Wynn and Venetian. We didnt drive so I cant speak about the parking, but getting a cab here was no problem at all - probably because its so easy to walk to everything. The lobby and gambling area is really nice. Once they decide to give the rooms a carpet/paint job...if i were them I would raise the rates because you can't beat the centralness of this hotel.  Dont be scared just dont get the classic room.
3	In my opinion, having a run-down, super-cheap dump like The Quad so centrally-located on the Las Vegas Strip is awesome!  My boyfriend and I stayed there over Labor Day weekend and parked our car upon arrival and didn't need to use the car again until it was time to go.  Not only is it extremely close to several nice resorts (Venetian, Caesar's Palace - I kept referring to it as Little Caesar's for some reason... I must have been hungry, Harrah's, Flamingo), and several good places to eat (Ruth's Chris, Chipotle, Hash House A Go Go, McDonald's, Panda Express, etc...), but it is home to one of the Vegas Monorail stations, which will take you down the strip for $5 one-way or $12 for an all-day pass.Our stay was not without complications, that's for sure.  We arrived in Vegas at 1 a.m. after a 5-hour drive from Orange County.  After waiting in line for an hour to check in, we headed to our room.  After being in our room for about a half-hour, it was getting warm, so we turned on the air conditioner.  The air conditioner sounded like a train was running through our room!  To make a long story short, they could not just bring us keys to a new room - they had to send up a maintenance man to officially declare our room un-livable, then after calls back and forth to the front desk, we were finally given keys to a new room at 4 a.m.  What a mess.  I was extremely upset.  The only compensation they offered was an upgrade to a king suite free of additional charge.  If I'd have had any fight left in me at check-out, I would have tried to get our first night 'comped, but Vegas is draining!Another issue was housekeeping.  Our room was nice and clean when we arrived, but they didn't clean once during our 3-night stay, even after we requested that they clean and got a verbal "OK" from the maid.  Oh well.So, the main positives are the location and price, and that's enough to get me to return.  This is a great place for people who don't ball quite as hard as they'd like, but still want to be in the middle of all the action.Also, another positive is when we stayed a while back, we had to leave two nights early due to my daughter being ill.  They fully refunded me for those nights when I explained the situation.  That was much-appreciated.
2	I had to pay 97 bucks because it was after midnight when we wanted to check in. But the Riviera was only 64 bucks and it's alot cleaner and the staff are more polite . Honestly I didn't enjoy my experience here.. Not clean staff was horrible rude and food was awful! But I will give it that it is right on the strip and it's great for those people who just wanna party and don't really care about the room (not like they would remember it anyway) lol.
4	On my way back home from Vegas. After I  read all bad reviews about The Quad plz never put attention what ppl complain about .Excelente point location to everywhere fast checking if u smart ( go to gold rewards stand) get the card then go check in. Is like fast pass to get check in faster./ getting to the room is 5 towers if u get lost ( Ask) dont be stupid trying to know places where u never been. I stayed at Tower 5 very clean and didnt see any kind of animals  like people talking in the reviews My group got 9 different room 8 of them room perfect clean different way like ppl talking in the reviews Hotel is under construction  but not a big deal walking to other towers didnt  see any hole on the wall at all.Very friendly staff of course if u not a bitchy mood person otherwise ppl dont worry to stay in The Quad of course not think to will be staying in Cesar Palace paying $50-$70 $100 per nite. Enjoy and don't listen people talking about to much negative staff
2	Very cheap everybody comes here because it was the Imperial Palace beforehand and it's the best location for everything but not great rooms in horrible service and I lived in Las Vegas.  there is 1 foreign maid that is nice.  find her for your help on cleaning.  I stayed here till i left to move to Seattle.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!If you go on Priceline.com and this hotel comes up, do NOT stay here.  Yes, they renovated it, slapped on a new sign and rebranded, however, NONE OF THE ROOMS ARE RENOVATED.  They smell funky, there are scratches on everything and the carpet has black stains.  After getting this hotel on Priceline for $80 bucks last Saturday, I ended up having to pay another $22 dollars for the resort fee and tax.  $102 bucks for a total dump.Not to mention I had my boyfriend and my 9 month old baby with us.  The plan was to have his parents babysit our daughter while we spent the evening with our British friends who were in town from the UK.  Of course, as soon as I walked into the room (even before that when we were in the elevator that smelled like urine), I walked right out, handed my baby to the grandparents to go wait at the car, then walked back through the smokey lobby to the front desk to get my money back and check out.  Everything in the room was still from the 80s.  Even a non-smoking room smelled like smoke.  The patio door was broken and wouldn't open.  The sheets were not clean.  Ugh.  Ugh ugh ugh ugh ugh... bleurgh... puke... vomit.Went back on Priceline.com and typed in "Convention Center" and got the Renaissance just behind the Strip for $60 bucks, which was smoke free, super clean and really nice.  Perfect place for my little girl to crawl around and play with the grandparents.
1	Overall, this place is awful. Finding your room requires GPS and breadcrumbs to find your way back to the elevator. The really bad:* The room was absolutely awful. The TV looks like something out of 1985* There was a used razor in the bathroom* The sports book is closed during the weekdays. * There was duct tape holding carpet and other things together in the hallway. I honestly wouldn't stay here EVER again.
3	Much of this whining & complaining is so arrogant.  IT IS $80 (or less) SATURDAY & CENTER STRIP next to all the "fancy" casinos that some people are so enthralled with...WTF are you complaining about? Yes, carpets were a bit black & heavily stained; yes I saw holes in the hallways, yes the 15in CFT TV was from the 80's along with furniture, yes it is neglected now BECAUSE THEY ARE REMODELING, DUH! My room didn't smell and was clean enough for me. I covered the stained chairs with a towel & sat on that...no biggie. The bed was one of the comfiest i've slept in (that isn't from the 80's, felt like a cloud!) The balcony was cool to have, although the view looks like a Chinese Communist compound built for factory workers...with the Flamingo looming overhead with a calming pink glow.Catalyst Bar was great!!! The Bartenders were cool guys and had a lot of fun with customers! They sling the bottles around and seem genuinely happy to be there. Funny as hell too!!!  I was there from about 12am until 7am on Fri. & Sat. and it's right next to the DEALERTAINERS area where traffic flows and the people-watching is fantastic! Two easy Strip entrances lead all the crazies through on parade to their rooms...always fun to watch the early mornings at a casino/hotel! Don't listen to all the fuddyduddies who want champagne at beer prices, this place is fun now, but will be better (& pricier) in a year. Good deal.
1	Dirty. Tub runs during shower. Tub drains very slowly so you stand in about 3 inches of water while you shower. My phone didn't work at all. People were leaving me messages and I didn't know.  I switched rooms after that. Second room was a bit better and I had a view. First room was on the roof top of the casino. No view. The carpet in the hallways is awful. There is damage everywhere on the walls in the elevator etc.  I wold  not stay there again. The only thing nice about this place is the staff.
3	I stayed at the Quad this past weekend since I had a an event at the Flamingo and it was cheaper to stay at the Quad than there.  I had room 810 in tower 2 and it was perfectly serviceable.  The room was clean as were the sheets.  I had a coffee maker in the room and the room was made up by housekeeping everyday while I was out.   Really for the price I paid for it that was all I was expecting.  I did hear a couple of people in the elevator complaining about horribleness in their rooms but I did not experience it.  I had a Diamond card for my event so I used the VIP check in and it was quick and easy.   I checked out early in the morning so there was no line at the regular check out.  I did try to use their TV check out but it wasn't working at that time.
1	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. Hooters is WAY better if you are looking for more bang for your buck. Lets start by saying we got there at 11pm after driving from Idaho. We were going back to san diego and wanted to stay the night in vegas for a break from driving.We waited over an hour to check in for our hotel. We had to walk really far through a nasty foul smelling garage to get to our hotel room. First the tv looks like it belonged in 1970. The bed was made but the comment card was filled out from the previous guest in the sheet... so was it changed??We are not really too picky but that grossed us out. The door was broken and plastered back together. The bathroom was disgusting and rusty. We decided to get drunk in order to be able to stay there. If we were staying there longer then 7 hours we would have checked out right away. We went to bed around 3 and woke up at 8 and left. We didnt want to use the shower or anything because it was so disgusting.This is the worst hotel ever and I wouldn't even stay there for free.
1	This hotel is awful. The whole parking garage floor is super dirty. The room is very old and many things don't work well (Shower head, bath tub draining, lamps).They will charge you 16$ for resort fee which includes Internet service but it's super slow and frequently disconnect itself. I have stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas, some of them good, some of them bad but The Quad is the WORST. From my experience, with their price PLUS the resort fee, you can find somewhere else a lot better than this place.
1	just awful,     Run don't walk away from this hotel.first of all carpet inside room was dirty management blame it on nothing has been done in 14 years (thanks for that info)second and most of all there were bugs in our bathroom and all they could say is we should of saved them for inspection.......OK GOT MY POINT
1	First off, I've stayed at the hotel about 11 years ago and then it was the Imperial Palace. My family and I booked 2 deluxe rooms because the website showed beautifully renovated rooms and a decent rate. My husband even called and they assured him that the renovation was almost done and we would be in NEW rooms.We checked in and when we went up to the room, the rooms were almost all the same as Imperial Palace! Maybe there was new paint on the walls and new headboards but the furniture was exactly the SAME! I wasn't pleased that the building had a facelift and the lobby was decent BUT they tricked us into believing we were staying a quality resort. When we complained to the front desk about the door lock not working properly AND that we were not pleased to be sitting in an exact room like we had many years ago, we were finally moved. Not to a newly renovated rrom but an old one as well. I will never stay there again and I will never suggest anyone else does..There is a huge list of things that were wrong but I won't even give this dump another moment of my time. I just feel people need to know they are false advertising on thier website.
1	What a dump. Carpets are dirty, threadworn, and buckled. Water stains on the ceilings. Not nearly enough signs to find tour way around. The place is obviously under renovation, but in the meantime, unless you're really strapped for cash, just say "No!" to the Quad. I was afraid to try any of the food choices here based on how rundown the hotel was.
1	This place is really gross and old. I wished I checked Yelp before we booked. The disgusting photos on Yelp are EXACTLY what I experienced in my room.  The bathroom wasn't even cleaned and had huge dirt deposits on the bottom of the tub. Then they hanged a towel over the tub as though they cleaned it. I rubbed my finger in it to check if was just stained but, nope, my finger was black.  It's one thing to have an old, decaying hotel but to not even properly clean and take care of what is they have is not acceptable for the Las Vegas Strip in my opinion.  Do NOT stay here!
3	This place was a 1 star but now its a 3 after the renovations. The old chairs are now updated the flat screen replaces the 90's crt, only gripe i have, the bathroom still sucks, they still have not fixed their plumbing so the drains always take forever in the shower.  plus side the Casino floor is nice now. The problem with the place its still 20% imperial palace that part needs to go. The pool needs a face lift. the roof still looks like a pagoda. and they are still fixing that useless wheel . Can't really complain on the price though if you got Total Rewards its under $100 a night for weekends! heck i got a room for $40 and that is without gambling much. the food here is pretty good ginseng 3 has some good asian food for the price. and if you know Hash House a go go this is the best one out of all of them they have good people working there. This is a bargain place so don't have to much expectations. you get what you pay for but the place is full of partying people so if your looking for fun this is the place to be. I'm surprised they didn't put a club here it was great when they still had one.
3	I stayed here during the second week of September.  No it wasn't the fanciest place, the place was being remodeled, the customer service could be much better.  But for what I paid for it, I have no complaints.  The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the restaurants were good, Frank Marino's Divas show was awesome.  Not to mention it was smack dab in the middle of the strip.  When I go to vegas, I really only go to the room for a little bit of peace and quiet and sleep, other than that, on the go.  So the place suited me well.
5	Jeez, what a bunch of crybabies and thumbsuckers. Are you whiners for real with all your bogus complaints?To paraphrase you clowns:"The garage has a funny smell. The carpets aren't pretty. The chair has a stain on it. The wallpaper is ripped at the corner. The TV isn't state-of-the-art. The lamps aren't nice. The faucets at the sink are old. The bathmat is frayed at the edge. I saw a bug in the room."Don't know about you whiners, but I paid $17.27 a night for a room at this mid-Strip hotel for a 5-night stay. If it were much lower, it would be free. My room was perfectly adequate and I didn't experience any of the "problems" you high-rollers encountered.  If I wanted a luxurious experience, I'd have booked into a luxury hotel and paid through the nose.The Quad is still undergoing renovations, but it is the best deal on the Strip, by far and away.
4	They are doing a lot of renovation, starting to look really nice.  I'm giving 4 stars for the location of the hotel and price $20 a night! Can not beat that at all.  The room was tidy and cleaned daily.  The carpet was stained but our room was not yet updated.  The balcony is a nice touch, room to stand or sit.  I have stayed here twice and will stay again.  Just wish it had a safe.  When me and my wife stay we usually face the strip right above the race tent, the music is awesome but very very loud till late at night so if need quiet stay off the strip view.  We are rarely in room and do not need anything special just got to be close to strip to sleep, and shower.  At $20 i can not and will not complain, I have stayed at Flamingo and sure rooms were nice but freezing cold no matter the temp setting and i was in room same amount of time and paying $80 a night so i see no reason to write a bad review for The Quad.  Ill be staying there again next time I go.
1	DONT BOOK A ROOM HERE. This place is disgusting, stains on the sheets, dirty bathroom, the floor in the room is stained and extremely dirty...just don't stay here!!!!!!
3	Absolutely nothing fancy.  Reminds me of some of the older Laughlin casinos.  They are renovating in stages, so some parts look nice and others look cruddy.The parking garage is a joke - Why are there garage doors???The pool was nicer than I expected and you have easy and full access to Harrah's as well.With my boyfriend's Total Rewards at the Quad's sister casinos (Caesars Palace, Rio, Harrah's, etc.) we were able to get a room upgrade and 1 night comp.We ended up in a Love Tub room that was just as cheesy as it sounded.  Mirrors on the ceiling in the giant bathtub/shower and above the bed (that was just weird).  Furnishings were minimal and dated.BUT, everything was clean.  It was quiet.  AND probably the best mattress comfort-wise that I've ever had to not pay through the nose for.AND, you're on the strip.So, if you want to do the Strip, but on a budget, and don't mind a smidge of ghetto-fab, then this is a great option.3-Stars for middle of the road.
1	the worst!!!! room was incredibly dirty. left over trash from previous guests. blood stained boot prints on the couch! a t-shirt and an ear ring left in the bed. on top of all of this it was the worst costumer service ever! pictures will be posted.
1	I booked this with my flight on southwest.com. I was very dissatisfied with my stay for many reasons. First the cleanliness of the room was substandard.  The chairs and carpet were very stained, which made me not want to take my shoes off and sit on a towel.  The shower curtain had what appeared to be bloody buggers on it and the vents were covered in buildup.  The bathroom drain didn't work very well , forcing me to finish my shower at a friends hotel down the strip. The nightmare came when I dropped my earring near the underside of the bed.  There was almost an inch of built-up dust and gunk under the bed.  The massive dust explained my allergies that made it very hard to get a good night's rest. I left with the feeling of a sinus infection from the filth in my room. I was extremely sick on the flight home due to this room. The next frustrating aspect of my stay was the elevators.  I was in tower 3, which had 2 separate elevators.  Only 1 was functioning. This caused my waits to be at least 30+ minutes each time I wanted to leave my room.  I eventually discovered 5 more elevators that had access to my room and again I only noted 2 to be working. The wait was equal to the 30 minutes in this other area.   If I was physically capable to take the stairs I would have, but I hurt my ankle 5 hours into my stay in Las Vegas. The cleanliness of the elevators was also very poor with a very dirty smell, almost too much to bear.My room  was over $120 a night with the resort fee.
3	I happen to love the Quad! I just came here after it was renovated and the casino looked bigger but not much more special to be honest. I got myself a basic room with two queen beds for 50 a night. The hotel is right on the strip, the gambling is cheap. Call me crazy but I actually prefer the ghetto fabulous hotels of Vegas rather than the expensive ones. If you're looking for an el cheapo stay and awesome gambling, then The Quad is perfect for you! Oh yeah, they also have an awesome restaurant called Hash House.
1	I would give this place negative stars if possible. Deceit...My company and I just finished the Pack Expo show in Las Vegas yesterday. Prior to our trip, we were contacted by a convention housing service to get hotel rooms for our staff. They gave us a few options, but said that The Quad was highly recommended because of the "remodel" that it had gone though. We had stayed at Imperial Palace nearly two decades ago and liked it back then. After visiting The Quad website, I was sold on the remodel of a once elegant hotel so we booked rooms there. We even paid a little more for these rooms as opposed to ones from other hotels. First, the parking is very difficult to find. There is construction all over the place so if you take  a turn that should lead to the lot, you might end up at a dead end and be forced to turn around and sit in traffic again. Once you actually find the correct route, it is still confusing because of all the turns and signs pointing every direction between The Quad and Harrahs right next door. Checking in wasn't too bad. When you walk in, the hotel looks really nice. We thought we had made a great choice with The Quad...then we got to the elevators. Apparently the remodel stopped just past the lobby and casino. The elevators were dirty and old. Tiles on were cracked and the carpet was filthy. As we exited on our floor, it was a flashback to 20 years ago because nothing in the hallway had been updated. Still the same carpet and wallpaper that had survived two decades or more of abuse. Our rooms weren't a pleasant surprise either. The AC was a wall unit that you'd find at a cheap motel and when I flipped open the cover to adjust the temperature, it just fell onto the floor. Chairs in the room were stained with something that I'm probably better off not knowing and there was no safe available. My sales guy and I wanted to hit the gym before dinner so I called downstairs to ask where it was. "Fourth floor in the Verge Tower". "Where is the verge tower? I'm in tower four?" "Sir. It's just the fourth floor." Seemed simple enough. We waited for the ridiculously slow elevators then hopped off on the fourth floor only to find more disgusting rooms, but no gym. We tracked down an employee and he told us we had to go down to the lobby, past the counter, and upstairs again. Not quite "just the fourth floor" as the lady had told me. The gym was so-so, but I didn't expect much anyway. What got to me was that the elevator doors were rusty. Not just bits of rust, but the entire brushed metal covers were gone so it was just two giant doors of rust. Completely gross and unsanitary. When I returned to my room again, I noticed that there were sticky spots on my magazines next to a sticky circle on the table where a drink had been left. The only problem is that I didn't have any drinks in my room so it was either from the cleaning service or the guest who stayed there before me that hadn't gotten cleaned up. Very gross regardless of which of those two caused those sticky marks. I feel deceived because The Quad is advertised as being the updated and remodeled version of Imperial Palace. That is clearly not the case once you get closer to elevators and rooms. It shouldn't be pushed as remodeled when the rooms are a time capsule from 20 years ago. In fact, the rooms were cleaner back then because they were 20 years younger. I know it's Vegas, but some people still sleep and it isn't much of a hotel remodel if the rooms didn't change at all. Highly disappointed with our stay at The Quad. I wish they left it as Imperial Palace so at least expectations would be lower going in.
2	Small casino - Hopefully they're going to expand, but for now, it seems very small. Drinks here are awful. We ordered bay breeze, pina colada, captain and sprite, and all 3 were disgusting and we didn't feel good afterwards. Cocktail waitresses also go by the book and make certain that you're playing an actual slot machine or sitting on one before they get a drink for you. The crowd here is very lively, rowdy, and young. Seems like the roulette tables were money!! The bar the Quad was the only good thing (near poker table) - They did a lot of awesome tricks and there were performances going on. They were even giving people free shots (for tip of course) directly into their mouths! I'd come here only to watch the bartenders do tricks, but I'm sure there are other better casinos that have tricks & better drinks.
5	Rooms is dope...had a smoking room at 1st but the cigs was killing me then the 2nd room they gave me was not the one lol then they Bossed my life up so I'm grateful for that 3rd room on the 7th floor in the 4 tower they gave me....what a great way to spend my 2 year Anniversary at The Quad....Thanks
5	I am by no means rating this as a 5 star hotel...don't be mistaken.   My husband and I stayed here for $25/night I mean what can you expect for that cheap? It was safe and quiet with a decent clean room which is more than you can expect from a motel 6 off the strip for over $60 right...we were only in town for the night so who cares? I must say the casino is much better since remodel, it was disgusting before.   Another plus is the prime location, on the better side of the strip and right next to the nicest hotels such as Venetian, Palazzo, Wynn etc...
1	I didn't even have a yelp account but this place is so god awful it warranted registering for one to spare anyone else from quad hell. 1. Rooms are DISGUSTING-imagine crack house ghetto and you got the Quad. It's sad when you'd feel more at peace sleeping on the bathroom floor at any Venetian restroom over the beds at this hotel. 2. Parking is awful and when valet is full they send you to self park EVEN WHEN YOURE A PAYING GUEST WITH A BOOKED ROOM. WTF?!? Do Vegas and your guests a favor Knock it down n start over!!
1	This place is a shit pit! It started as the Imperial Palace in 1979. I am pretty sure thats the last time the rooms were updated as well. The whole place is under construction. It will probably be nice when its finished but right now it is far from it.. They should have just closed the whole place down to do the renovation they could have gotten done quicker and not inconvenienced the patrons. The only reason I stayed there is because I only needed a room for one night and it was by far the cheapest on the strip. The casino is split up into several different areas and is somewhat hard to navigate around so beware until the construction is finished.
2	The quad formerly imperial palace. Major renovations being done here but they haven't done the rooms yet. Hopefully next time I visit it will be done. But......it's a step up from what it was for sure. Can't ever beat that location either.
3	The Quad?We were in this hotel the past years when it was still Imperial Palace. Never changed a bit.The Hotel room is not bad at all. Spacious for couple. Nice bed and has a table where you can eat when you order room service. Its was $80/day when we got it.What i didn't like with the hotel? Is the shower! You have to wash yourself like 30 minutes The water was not enough. Slow and not much. The faucet water was good, Fast. But in the shower?? NO NO. It is also hard to put cold to hot. No measurement or graph that says COLD---HOT.The Faucet since was clogged up too. We had to remove the cover just so the water goes down the drain. A NO NO..I would rather spend additional $20 for a good hotel rather than coming back here. Its not worth it. I suggest renovating this hotel as you have your new name. It gives a negative feedback for new customers for sure.
1	Where do I begin? This hotel was horrible and I mean horrible. The elevators smelled like urine, the carpet throughout the hotel had stains, dirt and God knows what else on it. It looked like it hadn't been shampooed since 1200 B.C. The hotel room my sister and I had sucked. There were stains on the carpet and the chairs. We didn't even want to walk on the floor without shoes on. The tv was super small and there were chips in the furniture. We were so creeped out by the room that when we were there (which was rare) we didn't sleep under the covers. We slept on top of the covers with our hoodies on. The bathroom was so small that when you sat on the toilet your knee hit the door. And let's not mention the tub filling up a tad bit when we took showers. Even though we didn't sleep under the covers housekeeping failed to change the sheets (not even once). I even combed my hair while sitting on the bed and shed a little. I came back later that night and she still had not changed them. Gross!! The only thing appealing about this hotel is the price so I guess in an essence, we got what we paid for.
3	Good price and love the location
1	We stayed at the quad this year so we would be more in the middle of the strip. It was so dirty. Carpets were all stained and the curtains looked like there was vomit on them. The room had 1 lamp which was so dim, I could barely see. I called to get another lamp, it took 3 days to get one. Everything was dirty, I ended up cleaning the whole place myself. If you turned on the water in between hot and cold, it would come out of the shower and the faucet for the bathtub. It definitely needs a makeover. Don't stay in room 226. I would rather stay at the Excalibur like I always have, at least the rooms are clean.
5	Had a wedding at The Quad and we stayed there as well.  The renovations are coming along nicely.  Our room was clean and big.  The staff was courteous.  Everyone had a great time.  Our room wasn't as luxurious as some of our family members that stayed at Mandalay Bay or Bellagio, but we didn't pay even half of what they paid.  The location is perfect!
1	Oooooo what can I say about this lovely hotel. Ok lets start with when we first got here. Not only could we not find the parking structure because the hotel is basically hidden butttt when we finally found it as soon as we got out of the car we stepped in dry piss. How do we know it was piss you may ask... well not only did did the bottom of our shoes stick to the floor as we walked but it serrrriously reeaaaaked. Like horse piss. We got the deluxe room and it looked like a motel 8 room. Our card stopped working to get inside our room. The entire hotel looks like is undergoing construction. The hotel stinks. The valet guys were rude. And I can literally go on and on with my essay on why this hotel should be banned from the strip
1	I just stayed at the property on October 10-12th and my experience was horrible the rooms were not clean, things were left Under the bed and in the drawer from previous guest. My finance Gucci bag was stolen from th bell desk or attendant that took our bags from our room upon check out the pool bar was suppose to open at 9am and the b employee didn't walk up til 10:04 after I called the front desk to inquire. The roulette table operator cheated my cousin out his money it took over an hour to get them to get it straight view the cameras and see what had happen for him to finally get paid. I will never stay here again and I have filed a report with the Las Vegas police regarding my $8000 worth of property that was stolen from this hotel and there employee or employees. The rooms are worst than a Motel 6 everything needs to be upgraded and most of the employees need to be fired and replaced with ppl whom have customer service skills including a couple o the managers.
3	we stayed here back in Sep 2013. We got there on Tuesday night thru Wed. Weekday rates were extremely cheap. Its not ceaser but rooms were not too bad. We traveled the strip and only went to rooms to sleep for few hrs.
3	Not bad for the value. I had a hot tub suite. Room was okay but a bit on the small side. Bonuses were a balcony and mirrors over the bed and hot tub...hey it is Vegas.  Check in was absolutely horrible. I've had a faster time at the airport getting through security.  Casino and the Hash House restaurant were good as well. If you won't be in your room much this is a good value.
3	I got super lucky and booked my room at rates of only $15 a night when Total Rewards was having a 20% off promotion. That plus the $15 a night resort fee made my hotel price per night a mere $30. Now, what other hotel on the strip...(and in the middle of the Strip might I add) could you get for that cheap??? The only way to get cheaper is by staying somewhere away from the action of the Strip. If you don't care about staying on the Strip, then by all means, go to Gold Coast next to the Rio and stay there for cheap rates and a shuttle-ride away. Downside is you'll have to wait about 45 min each day for the shuttle to pick you up and take you to the strip. Thats why I ended up going for the Quad. Yes, its not one of those fancy, schmancy Las Vegas strip hotels but upon walking in, you have to admit that theyve done a great job so far on the remodel as the casino and front entrance look completely different and great!    I recommend this hotel to anyone thats looking for cheap rooms on the Strip itself and for those of you who won't be spending much time in your room anyways. Now I will say that yes, it seemed as thought the remodel stopped once you hit the elevators, but I don't believe the remodel is completely done yet. I heard that the next step in the remodel will be fixing up the rooms(and room hallways) themselves(and I'm guessing the very slow elevators). So just wait a little while longer for better rooms and hallways leading to your room. My friends and I thought the room was decent..and for the price, definitely worth it. Our room had nothing wrong with it. If it did, I would have requested a new room.    I read some people complaining about broken doors and getting robbed...well if you go into your room and the door is broken or won't lock, dont keep the room! Plain and simple as that. Call Hotel Management and tell them that you require a working door for your safety and security and therefore a new room. I would definitely had not kept my room had I seen a broken door or lock. Also the wait time for registration can take some time but its not as bad on weekdays as opposed to weekends and its definitely worth it to spend the extra time waiting in line vs. staying off strip and spending even more extra time daily waiting for a bus to take you to the strip.    Overall, this hotel was decent for the price. Its a decent hotel and definitely perfect for anyone thats not planning on spending a lot of time in the room. (My friends and I used our room solely for sleeping.) It also has a great location and I am looking forward to when they finally complete the rest of the remodel. For now, enjoy the cheap rates!
1	I miss the Imperial Palace. We were all aware of what it was and accepted it as the hole in the wall option on the strip. Even had fun with it. But I can't believe they rebranded the whole thing but left the miserable infrastructure. The parking is depressing and confusing. It took almost an hour to check in at 8pm. I can't even imagine what it looked like at 4pm during Check-In. I felt bad for the employees who had to face the onslaught of upset people tired from traveling. There must be a room renovation coming but until then id just sleep in the car. I'd give it a star for hash house a go go that place is tasty.
1	This place is a real dump. I was in town for a friend's wedding and this was the cheapest hotel on the Strip.I've been to the hotel a handful of times in the past but this time the room was very filthy.Here are some of the things I noticed:- The floor had 3 or so iron marks as if someone had let the iron sit on the carpet.- The view outside the window. The overhang was littered with bird droppings and litter.- The bathroom floor grout was either very dirty or moldy.- The bathroom and outside hallway smelled like a toilet.- My bed sank while lying on it and I only weigh 150 pounds!- I saw a used condom in the parking garage stairwell.- The wallpaper was coming off at several locations in the room.My room overlooked the parking garage, so I could hear drunk partiers scream and yell all night long.  My buddy was staying in a room across the hall.  He had a pool view and was gloating about it.Well, if you like to ogle 300 pound women or senior citizens, then go ahead.  The only real plus of having a pool view is that you won't have a garage view and the concomitant noisy drunks.Even so, he did hear the drunks yelling in the hotel hallway.  The walls aren't particularly thick, so you can hear people open and close the doors at night, especially if they don't close them gently.I think I would rather sleep in my car or under a bridge than stay in this crappy hotel again. (BTW, the bridge trolls would probably look better than the average Quad clientele.)
1	Room was filthy, sliding glass door was broken, and loud music playing outside (tower 5). Moved to new room,  different filth, different issue with broken sliding glass door (won't open). At least it was quiet. Next time I'll stay at a better place.
1	We stayed here for a week, rooms have old nasty furniture and 70's carpet, wifi never worked,  you can't even walk in or out of the hotel without getting mobbed by venders and vacation time share sales people. It got so bad by the end of the trip that I just wanted to punch them in the face. Our reservation was for a smoking room with a strip view. When we checked in we were told the only way we could have a strip view was in a no smoking room, and we would have to downgrade the room.   It took 20 min on hold just to get the front desk several times. I finally just hung up. We will NEVER stay in this hotel again. It's the most Getto  hotel on the strip.
1	I stayed at the Quad Oct 1-3, 2013 I was excited when I booked my hotel room, since it was from their own website. When I got there it was nothing for what I had seen or booked on the website...Carpet looked really nasty, bath tub was disgusting, even the curtains had some mold on the back...I am making sure to let others know to beware of this hotel...I don't spend all day in my hotel room, but I wanted to at least be clean...I would never stay there again.
1	Not worth the $When we walked off the elevator i should of just turned around. The most nasty carpet and walls that looked they had been through a horror film weren't enough.. The dirtiest room was though.. Enough to make me walk out and get a room somewhere else. The room was outdated and looked like it had't been cleaned in years.. The pubic hair on the floor of the bathroom was a great indication of how well the cleaning staff is trained. Please please do not stay here! Id give it no stars if yelp would let me. The customer service was no help either and the staff we came in contact with was nothing but rude :(
1	First off my room was robbed while I was gone for a couple of hours. My laptop was stolen as well as personal items out of my room. There doors are not secure at all! You can slide a credit card or any type of card between the door and gain acess. In addition the beds are old and the place has a senior citizen odor in them. The bathroom has rusty shower hooks and the towels are old and worn out. The only intrigue about this place is the price. This hotel does not have cameras. It is not only a concern in terms of securing your items but also a safety concern. Security at this hotel is a joke. They do not even frequent the hallways of the hotel. The hotel patrons and staff are on danger. I advise no one to stay here!!! If you do please do not leave anything valuable and make sure you close your door, they do not fully close. Also put the latch on when you sleep. I will not be staying at the Quad ever again. F*** the Quad. It's a s**t hole!
4	We where a bit nervous about staying in this hotel due to its horrible reviews. But due to the amazing price and location we just said ehh we will deal and booked it. We ended up getting the luv tub suite. I must admit it was amazing. It had a king size comfy bed, a large tub right next to the bed, and a 50in tv... What more can you ask for. Our room was clean no complains on room here. I dont know if other rooms are horrible but the suite was amazing. I would deff suggest booking this room for a couple bucks more. I didnt give 5 stars because the hotel itself is under construction so its a bit crazy. Also the rugs in the halls are really old but who cares are you sleeping in the hallway? No! Another negative thing was the elevators, there was only 4 of them for all the floors so you have to wait a long time sometimes. Also the check in is a bit of a wait since they don't have a lot of staff but the staff was nice and helpful. My point is... YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR! The price is amazing even tho there are some negative things if you want a super nice room that you will stay in all day book somewhere else. I mean who really stays in their room in vegas other than to sleep in. PRICE is great and LOCATION is AMAZING you are in the middle of everything! I would deff book here again in the future and hope I have the same amazing experience as the one we just had!
1	This place sucks, they first off lied to me and my guy about the prices over the phone when we booked are rooms...jerks oh and this made me so mad the pool closes at six they kicked us 0UT at 5:40 apparently they always close at that time then change your signs and there slots are tight as a virgin.
1	This is the worst casino on the strip!! One they are under construction two the rooms are nasty three they have bad directions in the hotel to get to room to room. I mean nice pool.. Oh yay and fat Tuesdays.. Oh if ur big person the towels are big but that's it hahahah..
1	This place is a friggin joke. I live here too. Old rooms , it's so convoluted. It's amazing they didn't knock the whole thing down and start over!! Good luck with the following: parking, the room, construction.  Even for the cheap price there's better options out there.  I asked the front clerk.  It's about a 2 year project to be done.  GOOD LUCK SUCKERS !!
1	The room was dirty, smelled like chemicals, they don't clean under the bed; there was a dirty glass, dust, & paper under the bed, blond hair in the tub, hall ways all dirty, elevator dirty with doors slam shut. Check in staff rude. Horrible, don't stay here, pay a little more & stay at harrahs.
1	Well we stayed here a couple years ago and weren't impressed. We then learned that they have started remodeling and decided to give another try hoping for a better experience but where let down. The rooms and the hallways were still nasty. And the hit us up for that damn $33.00 resort fee. Outside noise from rooftop exhaust fans forced us to sleep with the door shut
1	Filthy, overpriced, ghetto. There was a gang fight in the lobby my first night there. The hallways reek of cheap perfume. My shower drain didn't work due to it being clogged with hair. My window looked out on the wall of the neighboring hotel. Life is too short to stay at The Quad.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would. The room was dirty, hair on the floor and smelled of cigarettes. We had a $40 "deal" and asked for connected rooms for our 84 year old mom so agreed to $15 extra per room. They "upgraded" us but neglected to say that would be $45 more per room. Unbelievable.  When my husband called, the billing department was extremely rude. Will NEVER book a room again without checking Yelp reviews first.
2	The Quad is an extremely run down hotel on the Strip. I actually kind of liked it personally, because it was hilariously shabby. It definitely doesn't belong anywhere near the strip. My room had mysterious stains on the carpet (blood?) peeling 80's tropicana wallpaper, wicker furniture, and no bathroom vent. The shower was obviously built for really short people, as I had to crouch down a good foot lower to clean myself.Plus sides: balconies (you can go outside and stare at the other weird people staying in your hotel!) and card dealers dressed up like celebrities. The bed is also not uncomfortable, and they had air conditioning!
1	Horrible place to stay. Had to wait 45 mins to check in. There was a club outside our windows and the music didn't stop thumping til 3ish in the morning. The bathroom was dirty and there were stains everywhere. Will never return to this place.
1	Do not stay here! Our room door was cracked open and instead of security checking doors to make sure they're shut so your stuff doesn't get stolen they felt the need to go in our room & raid all of our stuff. We're from California & have our medical cards.. So we had a little of our umm.. Medication in the room. Well when we got back from gambling they locked us out of our room. We went down stairs & they had the police waiting. They took the persons name the hotel was under to jail & wouldn't let us go back in the room to get any of our stuff including our car keys. So talk about a crappy vegas trip.. The rooms were also very dirty & poor quality. If you want to have a good time in Vegas avoid this place.
1	If I can give this place zero stars, I would. The room is absolutely HORRENDOUS. IT's do disgusting that you dont want to take your shoes off in the room, not even into the bathroom. You also don't want to touch the door handles in the room, and don't wait to sit down on the chair and you might want to think twice about sleeping in their bed. This place is under remodeling right now because it's the old Imperial Palace which was absolutely disgusting. I wonder if they're remodel the rooms also because NO ON will want to stay here. Sleeping on the streets might be cleaner.
1	I will NEVER stay lpede hhere again!  My husband received a free room but it was sooooo not worth it.  First, the line to check in was AWFUL!  The check in people took their time, talking with the people checking about personal things!  When we were finally helped, the woman who gave us our room gave us a room that was ALREADY in use!  Imagine our surprise when we opened the door and it was IN USE!    We went to retrieve another room and as you can imagine I was pissed!  Getting another room took about ten more minutes and THE KEY CARD DID NOT WORK!  15 minutes later we were in a room.  While my husband was retrieving our new key cards I got to look around.  The carpets are STAINED, the walls are dirty!  The room itself was plain, but I will say the bathroom was decent with plenty of hot water and a nice, deep tub.The tv has crappy cable, room service did not pick up, and the beds sink in the middle and the linens are very thin.  The pillows were so plump that they wouldn't mold to your head.The best part of the place was Betty's diner - sweet people, decent food, and clean interior.  DON'T STAY HERE!
3	I booked this hotel before looking at reviews online (yelp, google, etc) and after reviewing the online reviews I must say I was quite disturbed.  After much debate I decided to give it a shot.  We arrived on a Sunday afternoon around 4:00 p.m., (Nov 3 2013) and check in was about 15 minutes.  The overall lobby/casino area is small but clean and fairly new looking.  We received our keys and headed to the room.  I will admit the hallways/rooms are a bit outdated.  There are stains on the carpets and worn paint and wallpaper.  However, the room was clean and the bed was super comfy.  Our TV was new flat screen (unlike the reviews that say it's an old box style) We were on the 18th floor facing Treasure Island and while it was a bit loud with the music playing, with the ac/fan on I didn't hear a thing.  Overall experience, good.  I will stay again.  People need to realize this is a "budget" hotel in a great location, room rates often here are $20-$30 a night, that's a great rate for a strip hotel, not to mention location on the strip. If you are looking for luxury, stay away.  If you are looking for a clean, comfortable room with a balcony, and do not want to pay upwards of $100 night or more, then this is your place.
3	I booked the Quad for a business trip because the conference hotel was unavailable, and the Quad was nearby and very inexpensive.  A few weeks before the conference, I looked at the Yelp reviews and was, well, a bit worried. However, morbid curiosity got the best of me and off I went.Yes, the check-in line is slow, and they do up-sell you on the new fitness center and Wifi (costs $15 per day fee extra. I paid for it and felt ok about it).My room was ok, though. It had a 1970's vibe to it but the bed was clean, the climate control worked, the toilet flushed (very slowly), and the shower had plenty of hot water. I stayed 4 nights. During that time, I asked other guests about their stay, and -- surprise --there were several *repeat* customers. They all had the same strategy. After registering at the front desk, they immediately went to their room and checked everything out. Did the toilet flush ok? Does the shower drain work? Does the AC/heater work? Is the bed ok? Does the sliding door to the balcony work? If there was any serious problem with these things, they went directly back to the front desk and asked for a different room. They then went immediately up to the new room and checked it out, and so on.....About carpet and drape stains. Given that I paid around $30 a night, the general dinginess of the carpets and walls and lighting didn't bother me. But this is  not the place to stay if you plan on watching much TV in the room. Mine was equipped with a smallish (16"?) old-school tube TV. It worked fine, but it's not what you typically expect these days. There is a fitness center now -- nothing special, but it has weight machines, 8 or so treadmill/steppers, and some common area. The swimming pool is "closed for the winter."  You have to walk through the main lobby/casino to get to the fitness center which is in a different tower from the rooms. My main complaint? The cigarette smoke in the lobby/casino tends to linger a bit.  I give it a solid 3 stars for you-get-what-you-paid-for....
1	I will repeat this again from the tip I wrote below. Front desk staff was unpleasant with long lines. Quoted me $60 a day in person but paid $20 a day on expedia. Stains on the floor, no refrigerator or microwave. You get what you pay for. Not much.
1	Yelp, please make 0 stars available just for The Quad.I frequent Vegas pretty often. Its usually a mixture between business and pleasure. This time, I came to relax, have a good time and see a Vegas wedding. The Quad was fairly inexpensive, so we booked two nights.Big mistake. If you read some of the other reviews here, someone actually said "received a free room but it was sooooo not worth it". People. If you get a free room, and its STILL not worth it, that says VOLUMES! Nevertheless, I would agree with that statement.First lets go over the check-in process.  The line was super long (understandable) and the people at the counters moved people through pretty quickly.  However, the check in like was right in the middle of their casino walkway so passersby and luggage and people standing in line made everything so confusing, hectic, and I felt kind of "In the way"...So we got our room on the 10th floor.  Room 1065.  When we got off the floor, the hallway was in shambles.  the carpet was coming up, you could feel the wooden planks shifting under the thin carpet. The wallpaper was peeling, discolored and had  screw holes all over it from replacing light fixtures.  In my opinion, this floor/tower should have been closed. It was not fit to rent rooms out of.The room was small (I expected that from the rate) but was not clean by any means.  We found an earring on the floor and the toilet had paint drippings all over it.  The iron was broken, and the balcony... oh... the balcony.  I stepped out and it overlooked the top of a parking garage.  Complete with pigeon feathers and crap all over the balcony, the railing, and the entire roof of the garage. To the point where everything smelled and the paint was bubbling up... gross!The room door didn't close on its own, and neither did any of the others. I gathered from the nature of how everyone was SLAMMING their doors.  The light fixtures were new, but were installed over old wallpaper which showed the fading and holes from the previous fixtures... holes punched in the walls from previous residents were simply covered over with wallpaper so that big divots were apparent.The valet. They lost our car. Took them in excess of 30 minutes to find our car when we explicitly used valet because we knew we would be in a hurry to the wedding and it would be time critical.The parking was not visibly designated from the strip other than a small red and black sign that read "Quad Parking"...In my opinion, this entire hotel/casino should not be open until renovation is complete.  Their idea that they can rent rooms during renovation is ridiculous, and pompous. Also, the fact that they call themselves a "resort" is laughable.I abhorred the entire Quad experience. It was smelly, unbelievable, time-consuming, tiring, confusing, and testing. I do not recommend EVER staying at this place. Did I say Ever? EVER!
1	This is the old Imperial Palace.  When you first walk into the casino, the front has been newly renovated so it's new and it doesn't smell funky like it used to BUT DON'T BE FOOLED.  They are still in the process of a massive update/upgrade.Pros-Cheap -Centrally locatedCons-Old Imperial Palace room, rooms have NOT been renovated yet-Back of casino NOT renovated-Couldn't find parking some nights-Staff didn't know what was going onTip: This is "pet friendly" however besides a Pet Relief area, there's nothing else pet friendly about it.Tip2: Don't stay here until it's finished being renovated, it's not worth the money.
3	I stayed at The Quad for 3 nights and I must say the room I got was actually not bad at all. I was very skeptical of booking a room here because of all the bad reviews I read, but since friends were staying there too and we didn't want to be far from each other I still went ahead and booked it. The room was clean, the carpet was stained but nothing bad. Just don't walk barefoot. We actually got an LCD tv not those old boxes that I was expecting. The restroom was fine only problem was the door didn't lock but I didn't mind. I really liked that it was on the strip and we didn't have to walk far. You get what you pay for. I guess every situation is different, so if you've read bad reviews just know there's hope lol. If you get a room you don't like simply ask for a different one. And it's better to book a room thru total rewards they show the price including the resort fee so you won't be surprised later on about hidden fees.
4	Stayed here over the weekend (11-16 to 11-18)... I booked the room because it was VERY cheap on hotels.com.  The two night stay was 120 bucks which wasn't bad.  That included the resort fee (which let's face it, is pretty much mandatory in almost all the hotels on the strip to complaining isn't going to do much anymore).  I read the reviews and laughed my ass off because there were going to be four of us total in the rooms and I know my friends, they were going to hate me for this.  I showed them the reviews and there was concern over everyone's bitchiness about this hotel.  So we all went in expecting the worse and lowering our expectations.  For 120 bucks total we also weren't going to complain since we were located on the Strip. So I will address most people's cons.  The rooms have not been renovated yet, yes.  We were told that they would start with the rooms in January.  They wanted to focus on the casino, which is understandable.  You gotta' work your way up the renovation pole.  Back of the casino not renovated... who the hellcares?!?!  How the hell is that a con?!?!  It's being RENOVATED!  Did you want them to open it up and look at the construction while playing?  Did the fact that the back still looked like the Imperial affect how you put money into the slots or walked into the elevator?!?!  Oh and the place smells because of renovation.... WHO KNEW?!?!  Who knew that when you do a major upgrade and remodel that things would have a different smell... shocker!!!  OK, so check in was slow/fast.  I say slow because everyone in front of me took like 15 minutes at the check out.  So of course it was going to take slow.  I got to the front, gave my name and ID and was out of there in 5 minutes.  I'm not there to have conversations or sit and contemplate about what floor I want and debating if I want an upgrade.  I booked my room in advance, I knew what I wanted and I wasn't gonna flip flop up front.   The structure is a bit confusing but whatever.  Half the structures to the hotels are all confusing.  The staff members we had were knowledgable and nice!  Now onto the rooms... We stayed on the fourth floor in Tower 2 i believe... yes the rooms are outdated and are stained.  But it's a stain and it's clean.  Have you ever washed your clothes and couldn't get a stain out?  It doesn't mean it's dirty, right?  I understand that image is everything and a stain is still a stain and unwanted, but at the end of the day the room was 30 bucks a night and it was clean(ish).  I say cleanish because there was some random blue pill we found behind the night stand.  I guess the housekeepers forgot to clean back there. But generally speaking our room was in excellent condition.  It was clean and tidy, everything worked, a couple stains on the floor.  We were satisfied and in amazement at just how bad these reviews for The Quad were.. it's almost as if people are blowing this out of proportion... We had locks on the door... don't know what the problem is with some people's doors... I guess we were also one of the lucky ones because we had a flat screen in our room.  And it had like 20 channels.  I roll around in my sleep and it was unfortunate that the sheets are not fitted because when I woke up in the morning I tore that sucker off!    But the sheets and pillows and towels were all clean to our satisfaction.  The bathroom was also clean and the tub did drain very slowly.  But the next day it was fixed and problem was solved.  The view was horrible.  It was of a building.  We didn't care.  But I understand why some people would want a view.  So be forewarned, this hotel is located in an odd area, you're going to have a lot of bad views.  Deal with it.  I hate to sound like a broken record but yes, you do get what you paid for, but you are also paying for a nice budget quality room.  If you are only using your room to sleep then I say this is the place for you!  If you're gonna' live it up with your girls and bro it up with the boys then get a room in a fancier hotel!
4	Let me start off by saying that I did NOT stay at this hotel...  I only walked in off the strip and played some cheap blackjack.I was impressed with the renovations and new look of the Quad casino on the strip.  It does appear that the back building (the hotel part) has not been renovated yet.  The inside of the casino looked nice.  All of the dealers were dressed up as famous singers.  There was a stage between all of the tables where the dealers would take turns singing (some really singing and some just moving their lips to a recording).  We saw Whitney Houston, Michael Jackson, and Rod Stewart perform while we were playing cards.  To my surprise there were $5 blackjack tables on a Saturday afternoon.  We sat down at Bette Midler's table and she was so much fun!  Also, the server came over immediately and offered us drinks, and kept coming by very frequently.Overall, great casino with low minimum tables on the strip!!  I'll be back next time I come into town.
1	Even with the remodel The Quad is still ghetto. Not only that, the table dealers don't know their math. Count your chips and winnings. They will jip you (intentional or not).
2	*** Review is for casino and garage only***I went to the Quad last night, November 22, to see the Headliners 2013 in the Q Theatre.  First, with the construction of the Big Wheel and Project Linq, finding a way in can be a challenge. Once I got to the garage, there was a large stream of water flowing through from just two days on light but continual rain.  Imagine if it had been a sudden thunderstorm.  This parking garage, aside from the constant flooding, is a joke.  Even on the first level up, there was a large amount of standing water.Once I got into the casino, I saw that they have redone some of it quite nicely.  There is still a large sectioned off area where renovation continues as it changes from the Imperial Palace to the Quad.  There's nice new carpeting and new tile in the casino area.  The showroom is the same as it always has been.  There are just some new signs with the new red lettering and fonts.While the place has been gussied up some, this is still not a casino that would be a destination for me.  For a show, I'll come here.  Other than that, no.
3	We did a quick last minute trip to Vegas and booked a few nights here because the price was good and we wanted to see if they had improved the rooms yet. The check in area for diamond/platinum members was a little hard to find but I don't think they are done renovating so this may get better. The area itself was enjoyable, we got some waters and a cookie when we checked in and the staff was really nice and welcoming. Our room was one of renovated rooms and still had the balcony, a dying feature in Vegas hotels. Granted our view was of a concrete room but you could still see the strip and that's all that really matters:) The room itself is definitely an upgrade from what the rooms used to be. I'd compare the rooms now to a Ramada Inn or something similar. Nothing special, just your basic hotel room. The other parts of the hotel are still waiting for renovations and I don't think all the rooms have been renovated yet. The elevator is most likely in need of an upgrade and hopefully they get to that soon. The hallways also looked like they still needed updating. Not my usual Vegas hotel to stay at, but overall I'd stay again and recommend for a cheap hotel on the strip in a great location. Not as many amenities and surely not as luxurious as most other strip hotels but you get what you pay for and this is a bargain:) How much time do you usually spend in the room in Vegas anyway;)
1	What do I start with about this pathetic place. Lets start from when we got there, we pulled into the vallet and waited with out trunk open and waited for the vallet and the bell guy for abot 15min. Finally someone showed up, this was about 2am on a Thurday night, it seemed like he was the only person working. Then i requested for the bell guys who also showed up about 15minutes later, how busy can they be at 2am. When went to check in there was already a long line of people waiting to check in, there was only 3 teller there, we waited another 25minuttes there and then finally to our room.Open our room and smelled like someone just took a dump, looked in the bathroom and surely there was pooped smeared in the toilet bowel and some had wiped their hand on a hand towel which was sitting on the sink, gross. Seemed like someone was sitting on the bed and there was also a full trash and hair on the bed, I was grossed out and called the front desk 6 times before i called the main office. Then after talking to several individuals and voicemails we manged to get another room. Wtf, you just give a room to someone without cleaning the room. I was  grossed out through my stay there. We got another room and it had the 70's TV, really, really. We in Vegas and all we get is a 70s TV, and we paid about $100 per night, what a rip off.Next day it was raining lightly in the morning and was really cold. Went down to the Vallet to pick up the car, when we got there, so many people were waiting for the shuttle and they were crowded by the vallet place. I gave the lady my ticket and waited for half an hour, in the cold and rain only to find out that it was not entered into the system to be picked up. I was thinking that there were other people waiting on their cars but they were waiting for the shuttle. I told the lady, we have waiting her in the cold and rain, freezing we might get cold and all she said was, "ya". Wtf, she didn't even apologize for her mistake. Even after i said, that's all you have to say, she didn't apologize for her mistake or speed things up, these are the types of people who work there.On Saturday the Vallet was full and so was self parking, then they tell you to park at Harrah's and it's just a long unnecessary walk from there. Elevators are so small, about 6 people can fit in there and if the have lugage then its 4 people only. So noisy, people upstairs were partying at 3am and running and yellinhg, we could hear it downsatirs in our room.I stay would have been much better and enjoyableif i chose another hotel, but i went for the cheap and suffer. Other teenagers and bums satyed there and created ruckus, because of cheap hotel. I even called security to calm them, they never showed up or did they calm down. I went there for gambling and sights, i do not get drunk and party all night, but then there should be a place for people like us too. Place is under construction too, it so noisy in the morning. I would definately go for better one for a little more money, but have a comfortable and enjoyable stay.
4	Was looking for imperial palace and found that this hotel has replaced it. Still looks and feels the same for the most part. Cheesy entertainment gone though! Dealers were funny and pesonable but maybe not all that bright... I enjoyed my time though!
1	I knew The Quad had sub-par reviews but I didn't think much of it - I only needed a place to shower, sleep, and hold my stuff, right? It's on the strip, so how bad could it be?, my naive self rhetorically asked.The answer? Bad. Very, very bad. We showed up to check-in at 4 in the morning and there was a horrendous line. Check-in took at least thirty minutes. I can only imagine what it would have been like had we showed up at a socially acceptable hour.The elevators may as well not even exist. We waited upwards of 15 minutes for an elevator at times, and sometimes when we got on it would beep and just decide to cease functioning.Everything was just grimey. The hallways, the fixtures, the people. Nothing in the hotel has been replaced for decades. If there are rooms being renovated, I didn't see them.  The best part was seeing the visceral reactions on people's faces when we told them where we were staying. Cab drivers visibly cringed when we told them to take us to The Quad.
1	Only reason to come here is for the cheap table games. But with cheap table games comes the sub standard dealers. I have experienced several times where the dealer will pay me out incorrectly on a win. If you tell them they will argue with you and try to make you feel stupid but stand your ground because you are probably right and they are wrong and will eventually relent. Also the cocktail ordering system works kinda oddly. They have a waitress with an ipad and she takes all orders with some one else serving the drinks. Don't mix them up or they will yell at you.
3	Yes people there is construction, get over it. I would rather them make this place 1000 times better as the Quad as opposed to I.P. and deal with the construction.  I think the casino itself is way more trendy than the other low tier places. I think the layout , although a little different is user friendly and flows you to where they want you to go. The room we had was clean, on the small side, minimally decorated but not bad for $0. I think this place will be a bargain once the construction is over. If you are older this probably isn't the place for you. If you are early 20's, single or looking to have fun this place will work just fine. And you are center strip! Doesn't get much better.
1	This hotel is a disgrace to the Las Vegas strip. The ONLY thing good about it is the location...the rest is a shame to customer service and hospitality. The manager at the front desk told my cousin Vegas is not a place for kids anyway, and it is a gambling city when she demanded a NON-SMOKING room that she had INDICATED when making the reservation. The room was not clean and there weren't even any blankets available, BUT WE DIDN'T WANT ANY ANYWAY. While the price was low, a Motel 6 would prob be cheaper and better. The parking lot was extremely flooded and the elevators would work half the time. A total dump...gross.
2	You can see the nice renovations in the casino and the lobby but you can see how old the hotel really is when you step into their rickety elevators. Once the doors open you better jump in fast or else the doors will get you. We got the deluxe room, I was expecting a tube TV like everyone said they had in their rooms but lucky for us we actually got one with a flat screen TV. We also had a balcony, but the parking garage wasn't much to look at. We could hear a few fights outside our room (ghetto), a creeper or two, but for the hotel to be right in the middle of the strip, it was a deal. Room was ok, 2 queen beds and a small bathroom that doesn't lock. Warning, if you are trying to catch a cab at 8-11pm, walk to the next hotel over (Taxis come every 15 min.) According to most taxi drivers they rather not stop at the Quad because they have to drive around back and under the hotel. I would make reservations here again just because of location and price. Vegas will be Vegas.
3	My wife and I got hooked up with a promotional rate from a voucher called the "Community Appreciation Program" through my parents. This provided a weekday rate of $35/night from Nov 26th - 28th.  ($20 house keeping, $15 resort fee.) I feel that this rate is pretty good taking into consideration it was close to Thanksgiving and the hotel is located right on the strip. Quad used to be the Imperial Palace and is in the process of renovation. The casino has been the main area of focus for the face lift. From the staff at the front desk, the rooms will not be started on until January 2014.  They're old and when you walk on the rug barefoot you feel dirty.  That feeling passed after the first night. Things to consider when choosing your room at check in:  quiet back side vs balcony on front side of hotel. Quad is a hotel that has balconies since it's an older building.  That's one thing you won't see with most newer hotels. We took a luxury tour bus out from Anaheim to Vegas and our guide said new building code prohibits the construction of balconies in newer properties over 2 stories in the event a guest stops taking their medication and decides to off themselves by jumping out their room.  I chose a balcony because I thought it would be cool, which it was, but it kind have sucked because Carnival Court is right below and they bump music loud.  The view was alright, nothing spectacular like at the taller hotels. Even with the balcony door shut, it's like your neighbor throwing a loud ass house party.  We pigged out at a buffet and wanted to take a nap before we hit the clubs and it was difficult to fall asleep because of the bass hitting so hard from below. If I could do it again, I'd choose the quiet back side. The room walls aren't the best at preventing noise from penetrating. Our neighbors next door were going through a melt down. They were screaming at each other and knocking furniture over. It woke us up in the morning on our last day there.
2	The old imperial Palace is getting a face lift. It is still under construction. Seem as though it will be a nice place once finished. Did not gamble much here. Was in just to check out the progress. If nothing else check out the house of hash and go go wonderful food.
2	I wish I would have read the reviews before booking my stay. Renovations is an understatement. Wall paper coming off the walks, stains on carpeting walking to your room, it is worse than hotels on Fremont street. When we got to the room, there was holes in the wall, wall paper peeling off, pink stains in bath tub broken glass in bath tub, it looked like a bad crime scene clean up.The only reason I have three stars it's vascular u called the front desk and they moved our room, it was nicer and cleaner, but the condition of the hotel is yet to be desired, maybe after the renovations?
1	This place was horrible. The hotel smelled musky, the carpets in the room felt damp for some reason. The bathtub drain was extremely slow and nasty stuff would come out of the drain when I turned the water on. We called to change our room but they said they were full so they sent a plumber up. After the plumber came and did whatever he had to do and left, I tried the bathtub again. It was STILL clogged.it drained a bit faster but it was stillll clogged. Ugh, didn't bother calling them again cuz I was just gonna be there for one night but I swear I'm never comin back here again. Paid 85 total for this room and I can't even take a decent shower. I read some of the bad reviews on here but decided to take a chance anyway cuz it was cheap and i seriously regret it. DON'T COME HERE!!!
2	Review for casino and food only.  Wow, I'm another one that wish had checked the reviews before we ate and gamed here.  This place is a mess and the staff are unfriendly and of no assistance.  So many other places to choose from that we won't be back here.
1	This place has done nothing to improve, just  added some sparkle and that's about it the rooms are just ok but the showers are horrible! Mold growing, clogged drain, water filling up to your knees! Who wants to come to vegas to have a good time to end up in a dumb you can't even shower in! I should of paid just a couple dollars more to stay at another hotel on the strip! Just had to give them one last chance but never again! Yes it's a cheap hotel/oversized motel on the strip!
1	Burglary hotel! We just entered this hotel "The Quad" on November 21st to stay with my parents and left everything in the room and went down to get water in 10 mins all are expensive gadgets and my id and my parents passports and money were robbed! And im sure this is an inside job!  After seeing so many burglery incidents here in the span of three months (for proof - see facebook page "The Quad casino and resort")  im guessing its bad management from they side for not warning or safe quarding they customers after so many  customers are being robbed!! Sadly our trip was badly ruined because of 'The Quad'! Please Don't stay here! Guessing management and security are involved coz there blame each other but wont resolve the issue!
1	Don't bring children Unless you want themCalm, cuz they'll definately get a contact high on the way to your room! If that's not enough then the 10+ people in one room fighting and carrying on til 2am will put them in a great mood in the morning! Don't try calling security cuz those Bo Bo' s can't /wont handle the situation either. It's dark, dirty,there's trash in the hallways and elevator, signs don't make any sense, the staff is completely  unhelpful, rooms are small, old T V's, and don't count on the coffee pot , cuz there isn't one. There is however a hair dryer. This IS the original  flea bag hotel!! Don't bother unless ur homeless!!!
1	If only I could give it less stars. The place was absolutely disgusting. We didn't even dare walk barefoot in the room. We stayed one night then left for a different hotel. We have stayed in cheap roadside motels that were nicer than this pit. The carpet was stained in multiple places; there were massive holes in the walls in the hallway along with more stains. We had a nonsmoking room with cigarette burns and ashes on the floor. There was also broken glass on the floor. The bathroom floor looked like it hadn't been mopped in ages -- there was a black sticky patch right in the middle of the floor. And the smell. I would describe it as very musty; my fiance said it smelled like piss.
1	Staff is nice, but uninformed about locations of hotel services amenities.  I had to ask 3 different employees where the exercise gym is.  The gym is clean and has newer equipment.On the "nonsmoking" floor, the hallway was filled with the odor of  burning marijuana.  This is for two straight days, so the management is indifferent to the smoke damage and seedy atmosphere.  Room furniture is well worn and had to call maintenance to replace lamp.  No room safe and no coffee maker.
2	Joining the High School reunion wasn't on my plan initially...it was my Mom's 92 b-day & didn't want to miss it, then my friends started calling, emailing me & before long I gradually gave in for 2 reasons...My Mom who is now 92  stays in the nursing home  said she doesn't care about celebrating birthdays anymore..."just reminds her that she is old"and who knows when the next reunion will be again... So everything was booked last minute.This place sucks...We had our reunion held at the Flamingo and wanted to book our rooms there but the place was already fully booked...same with Harrahs & The Quad has available rooms, and is right next to Flamingo, I can just walk over...where our reunion would be held.We were initially booked in tower 5..., on the 17th floor with a.view of the dessert...but preferred the strip view instead & charged us an additional $15.00 per day per day...with our True rewards card.  As soon as I opened the door the blasting music coming from downstairs was unbelievably loud...the balcony opens into the strip...which was fine, but the bathroom sucks, we had to call maintenance because the damn toilet doesn't flash...the TV is old, the walls has a lot of holes & watermarks, This place needs a lot of renovations...Would I stay here again...ABSOLUTELY NOT!!!.
2	...How do you put it nicely???  You get what you pay for - or maybe a little less. My fiance and I decided to take a last minute trip to Las Vegas over the Thanksgiving holiday; with this being last minute the cheapest "dog friendly" hotel on the strip...and by dog friendly the room itself was $29.99 a night and the dog was an additional $35.00 a night. Excuse me, what? Yes - you read that right, the dog cost more a night than the room itself. The Hotel: The hotel is supposedly being renovated... The room was dingy, along with the hallways, and stairwell reeked of urine. The hallway that lead to our room had wallpaper falling the trip or "crown molding" missing. Our room itself was kind of dingy but was fairly clean - minus the fact that it was overlooking in to a space in the parking garage. The Casino: My fiance and I aren't really big gamblers but we do occasionally put a $20 into the penny slots, just to mess around. The casino was clean and bustling with patrons and cocktail waitresses. No real complaints (all casinos stink of smoke).   Be sure to get there early or extremely late - the check in process takes about 15minutes and another 45 just standing in line.
1	Customer service is an urban myth at The Quad Resort & Casino. After we checked in, we went up to our room to discover dirty stained bed sheets, a non-vacuumed floor and damp towels hanging by a tub still filled with at least 5 inches of water with some type of foreign fluid inside. I'll let your imagination wander on that one; completely disgusting and absolute safety hazard. When we called the front desk to bring this to their attention, they sent us back downstairs to exchange the room. There was no apology or sense of empathy, just an exchange of room keys.  The next evening, I decided to try out the tub in the room before bed. I wasn't in there long before I began to notice a foul mildew-like smell. I looked over and the water from the tub had the carpet completely saturated all the way to the bed. I immediately called the front desk to report the leak. I was on the phone with the front desk for about 30 minutes or so explaining how unpleasant this experience had been and they offered me $20 off my breakfast the next morning. I'm not sure in what world $20 off of breakfast reverses poor customer service or maintenance issues, so after an hour of going back and forth with the front desk, they told us we'd be moving rooms again, to a "suite." At this point, it was 2am and we just wanted to sleep so we could leave in the morning. After our second move during our stay at the Quad, we crashed for the night before checking out in the morning. When we went to check-out, the front desk acted like they did us a favor by providing us the $20 coupon and "upgrading" us to a room we only slept in for 6 hours. Again, no apology, just a "we've done more than enough for you and cannot reimburse you because you booked with a third party." The $20 eventually was deducted off of the hotel resort fee.We then called Hotels.com to explain the situation. What a completely different experience! Hotels.com was incredibly apologetic, and called the Quad for a reimbursement, which the Quad refused to provide. After another apology, I received credit for another booking with Hotels.com to make up for possibly one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had. Guaranteed, the credit will not go to another stay at the Quad.
3	First of all, I can't attest to the hotel part of the resort, only the casino, so if you're looking for a review of the accommodations, keep scrolling down.I never spent more than five minutes in the old Imperial Palace. It was tacky, it was dingy, and in a city with a bunch of other options, I never considered spending my money on their casino floor.Make no mistake, The Quad isn't a finished product. Some of it is thrown together, and the Dealertainers are still there in all their tacky glory, but what exists is a marked, MARKED improvement over the Imperial Palace. $5 blackjack is prevalent, even in the biggest times for business, and the poker room features cheap tournaments that are structured pretty well. I wish the cashier wasn't all the way on the other side of the casino from most of the table games, but for what it is, a low-limit casino in an area of Vegas where the limits can be sky-high, it works and works pretty well.
1	One word... DISGUSTING.Got a free night In July 2013 through a friend with hook ups. Dirty carpets full of oil stains everywhere. I wore flip flops during most of my time there, not bare foot, and my feet were so dirty because of the oil everywhere!! UNACCEPTABLE!!Smells SO BADEverything is outdated.2 electrical outlets did not work in our room.NEVER EVER EVER AGAIN.
2	WHAT. ...No live band?  Booooo lI don't like this place, it's so chopped up, high walls, so you don't know what's on the other side (do I keep going and wasting my time or do I just leave, because I don't know what's over there)  After a couple of turns I decided to turn around.  We were looking for a live band, which we didn't find!  So we where out of there.
1	I would not even give it 1 star but it's the only way to warn people DO NOT STAY HERE !!! It stinks I highly don't recommend it. Do not stay there run forest run, hope u read this before u book your reservation
1	Disgusting!!!!  Don't do it.  Blood on the bed sheets!!!  We were directed here because supposedly redone.  Rooms were not vacuumed, light switches don't work.  Checked in late and getting the heck out of here.  Addressed concerns to staff, they did not care.  We thought the rates were low due to the holiday season...not so and the crowd this place attracts...is not so pleasant.  fastest time spent in a hotel room... 10 minutes only because we were on the phone with the staff.  I wished there was a way to post pictures of what we encountered.
1	If I could rate 1.5 stars, I would. You get what you pay for: beds to sleep in and a shower. I didn't stay here for the view, or ambiance, or any other negligible thing. If anything, the state of the room encouraged me to spend as little time in it as possible.The line for check-in was INSANE: Not in a good way. It was so long it wen through the actual casino playing space, making it uncomfortable for casino guests, and hotel guests. Stay here, not play here I guess? I ended up going over to Harrah's anyways.The rooms are small, not tiny, but small. The TV's a Tube TV: old and static-y. The lamp BARELY lights up the whole room. We'd have to turn on all 3 lights to be able to see decently, but it still wasn't light enough for a group of girls wanting to put on make-up: bathroom fighting space ensued. Maids Service was good. We asked for extra pillows and the like: it all came efficiently. At the time there wasn't a resort fee, so that was fairly nice, as we weren't paying for the poor Wifi or anything else. The casino was poor. Not only was lady luck not hitting me up, but it wasnt hitting up anyone. On the craps table, I hit the field all day, which led to a lot of other people making some money on the field, but not me, haha. The drinks came slowly, and they were small in portion size. Didnt really wanna tip the waitress who had to come back ever 20 or so mins for ANOTHER drink order. Beer choices were standard, and not bad. Overall, poor. With Total rewards I can always stay here, Harrah's, Rio or Flamingo free. Gonna try the flamingo next, and we'll see.
1	This is the MOST DISGUSTING hotel ever. Only plus, no signs of bed bugs. The plumbling was backing up in our bathroom sink, and the bathroom always smelled like someone just took a dump. (Dirt like residue was feces) This hotel is a total health hazard and should be shut down by the department of health. A homeless shelter is cleaner than this hotel.
1	I was swimming in the pool and somebody threw a blunt off the balcony into the pool.. Disgusting
1	Avoid at all costs! We rolled into town late, about 11:30pm and were ready to check in and get the night started. The check in line was over an hour! The whole hotel is run down and in poor shape. I honestly can't believe they did any renovations after changing from The Imperial Palace. Let's slap a new name on the building and call it a hip new hotel! The maid service never came, we stayed two nights. The bed sheets don't fit, and the hotel patrons themselves are horrible. Looking for a cheap trip to Vegas? You will get that here, along with a horrible vacation. Stay away at all costs!
2	You get what you pay for. Mine was free. As a warning, this hotel and casino is ragged but there is also alot of signs of renovation.  Its more of a party college crowd. Loud and rude, so dont bring your mother. Old wallpaper,  old carpet , elevator takes forever. Had a plethora of slot machines 1CENT and it kept my occupied for an hour or so. But I never seen a casino with so many out of order machines.Overall tho, it was a place to sleep, food areas were good. Employees were sweet. THIS PLACE WILL BE GREAT AFTER RENOVATIONS. much potential.
5	(This review will be updated anytime I remember something. I just got back)For the price people are going to pay to stay in a hotel that is obviously in the process of undergoing a massive renovation, I guess they also want Liberace to come back from the dead and entertain them while they sleep. I'm not going to waste anyone's time  with a review about the same complaints which, are expected. Honestly, in my opinion, after reading every single review, it just wasn't as bad as some reviewers make it sound. There are plenty of hotels to choose from. If you choose to stay here, just keep in mind they haven't gotten to renovating the entire hotel yet. Why they allowed this hotel to get neglected and fall into disrepair is beyond me. Here's what to look for:* LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - This hotel is located right smack in the middle of the sought after area of The Strip. Every hotel of interest can be walked to from this point. From the front of the hotel looking west: The Coliseum of Caesars Palace is directly across the street. The Mirage, Forum Shops and Treasure Island are across the street to your right. On the same east side of this hotel: Harrahs is next door to the right followed by The Venetian. Paris, New York New York and the others would be to your left and can be walked to in minutes.* I stayed in room 1480 in Tower 5 between 12-11 and 12-18. Any room inside this tower is just above Carnival Bar. Yes, you will hear the music clearly in your room from this bar even with the sliding door closed. Vegas was having very nice sleep weather this week. I had my door open all the time as I didn't come here to sleep. Usually by 3:00 a.m. the bar closes and the music stops. * Catalyst Bar - Open view to the entire lobby from here. They are one of the few in Vegas that really are open 24/7. I will review them on their own. Nice little place. * Hash A Go Go - I recommend coming here to eat at least once during your stay. The food is quite unique and wonderful. Just come starving as the plates are beyond HUGE. (the following sentence added 01-08-14) Saturday & Sunday this restaurant gets PACKED. Plan accordingly.* For those on a budget - There is a McDonalds right next door that is open 24/7 right by Harrahs. * Housekeeping - I never came back to an unattended room. Even on the days I left the "Do not Disturb" sign at the door and left the room very late. It's almost like they were watching me.* Shops - This hotel has anything you forgot for sale at the shops downstairs. However, as expected, things are pricey. There is a very nice Walgreens open 24/7 right next to The Venetian on The Strip.* Parking - Plenty of it but, people like to take-up more than one spot. Do not do this, I saw cars getting towed and security patrolling non-stop. Don't ruin your vacation and make sure you park correctly. I chose to Valet most of the time here which is also available 24/7. On Friday and Saturday, Valet was filled to capacity late at night several times. Most direct access to the lobby is parking on the second floor of the garage. PLEASE when you see a speed bump, slow down. These aren't just speed bumps. I was going too fast on the first day and surprised I didn't end-up at The Grand Canyons. * Construction - On the dates specified above, there was LOTS of construction going on making some spots difficult to get to directly from the hotel. This mostly affected walking from north to south on the east side (hotel side) of The Strip.* Starbucks - If you love Starbucks, they are everywhere. Although there are no signs leading you to it, there is one in the back of Harrahs.* Metrorail - One of the stops is this hotel. Walk directly through the parking garage and you are at the station. Useful on the days you are tired of walking. * The Lobby - is mostly complete. There is a large part in the middle that is blocked off. This will obviously be more casino. I don't gamble but, very nice playing areas and many to choose from. I did not see the Dealertainers while I was there.* Internet - No problems whatsoever the whole time I was there. If you use MetroPCS as your Phone Provider, it works perfectly in Las Vegas. Next time, I won't opt for the Internet  Fee. (added 01-01-14)* Flight Boarding Passes - Worry not, at several public areas of the hotel they have PCs where for a fee, you can print your boarding passes for your flight and/or anything else you need the internet for. (added 01-07-14)* Check-in/Check-out - I did both on a Wednesday where there was no wait or line. However, Friday through Sunday there were long lines. Be patient I guess. (added 01-07-14)All in all, worthy of a Five Star Review. There is much more that made me overlook the obvious renovation process and being in Sin City. If you are planning to stay here and have any questions, feel free to message me on Yelp. This was my first time in Las Vegas and on location alone, I recommend staying here.
2	When this was the Imperial Palace, it was a filthy dirty dump.  They completely renovated and it is completely welcomed.  No more car lanes in the front, in fact the casino was moved up to the strip.  The casino is new and nice, but it is small small small. The rooms also need the same renovation.  They are still dumpy.  The only reason staying here is that it is located in a great position.  Sandwiched between Flamingo and Harrah (admittedly not great casinos) they are a very short walk.  Not far away is Caesar, Mirage and the Venetian.  The only reason to stay here is for the location and cheap prices.   Table games are cheap but are very limited.  Glad to see the upgraded casino, but still not a destination for folks.
1	I cried physical tears when I walked into our room. The carpet, walls, and headboard showed heavy wear as if they'd never once been replaced or even cleaned. My husband being the positive voice, said "it's only a few nights"...my response was "I'm not removing my shoes in fear of my health. It felt like I was in a horror film set. We ended up changing to the "best room they had" which wasn't much better. All I'm saying is the upgraded exterior, gaming floor, and name change that initially made us book there to begin with wasn't worth it. Bad mistake. I guess you get what you pay for.
4	I stayed here a couple of years ago with my daughter.  It was her 26th (I think) birthday and we thought a few days in Vegas, A Mother Daughter week was in order.My husband is a Total Rewards member who...waited too long to get us a reservation and Imperial Palace AKA the Quad was the only hotel available.  I cried.  I pleaded!  Please don't make us stay there!  Call Caesars!  Call Mirage!  (Which isn't a Harrahs Hotel)  Flamingo!  Anything but IP!!!  I'll PAY!!!Husband went the day before to get the room.  We went the following day and found a large clean(ish) suite waiting for us! It was dated, yes and there were definite stains but like the other poster stated stains aren't dirt.  The colors were ugly too..I guess back in it's heyday this hotel was THE place.  It's old, that's all. I didn't feel dirty the room was fine.  As far as maid service?   We never allow maid service when we stay in hotels.  We clean our own room and make our own bed.  I still tip them end of stay though.  Maids work hard they shouldn't be cheatedHaha hubby was funny he turned over all the furniture to make it look ransacked...big joker he is.  He also left us a few hundred to play with.  Okay I know it's changed a lot since our stay but here's the thing:The staff is friendly and helpful.  Yes, the rooms are dated and there were stains but it was clean!   We had a mirror over our king size bed which was a little weird and we had a huge tub which we never used but we had two large flat screen TVs, a BAR area and a fridge!  Which BTW anyone can rent for a small daily fee.  And I think a lot of hotels aren't providing coffee makers anymore.  I bring my own. No big deal.Our view was sad...of a parking lot and I think Harrahs pool but I'm with my kid.  We weren't gazing lovingly at the view!  She's a smoker so the balcony was great.  I don't understand the reviews about the locks and the break ins...there was a safe in our room AND an inside latch plus a deadbolt on our door.Just lock your doors people.  Even when you're in the room!  That's just common sense and hotels, most if not all have a notice on the door near the fire escape map that tells you to lock your doors.It's not that hard to find your way around follow the MAPS!  They are everywhere!The elevators were fine we never had an issue.   We had a great week. We shot machine guns, saw a show or two...We spent time in the casino and overall had a great time!  It was a little smokey.  It's Vegas.  Everything smells like smoke. But it's casual and you feel great there like you're in your favorite neighborhood dive bar.  Everyone is very friendly.  We went over to Aria and wow that place smells delicious, like vanilla.  But it's also cold and the casino was empty.  IP...know known as the Quad is a happening casino!  I was in Vegas over Thanksgiving with my husband  and we stopped in to check out the casino at the newly named Quad.  By the way why did they name it that? Weird.Anyway the casino is nice (and small I like that) and I love that is is on the strip!  I cannot wait to see the new rooms.  Don't discount this hotel. It's not as bad as the reviews say it is.
3	Like the two reviews below, I read the reviews here and was worried. I don't really care about luxury hotel rooms in vegas since I plan to be out of the room at all times except sleeping, but I at least want the room to be clean and quiet.  It sounded like this place was a dump, due to the lack of renovation.  My friend had already booked the rooms though, and they were paid for (and very cheap).  The casino is already renovated but the rooms will be renovated starting in January.The Good:  I was told by the front desk I had 'one of the nicer rooms'.  Probably one of the most comfortable mattresses I've ever had in a hotel, which was a huge surprise.  Flat screen TV.  Our floor was nearly deserted (could be because of being there the week before christmas).  The casino was renovated and smoke-free, with a good supply of both $5 blackjack and free drinks.  Plus nice $30 hold-em tournaments. :)  The chinese retauraunt upstairs was nice and the juggling show was good for the price ($10).  The Bad:  The bathroom smelled like mildew...that was the worst part...but it cleared up after I ran the air conditioner the first two days.  The walls had minor damage in parts that was painted over with the wrong paint and the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling in some spots.  The main lamp in my room was actually missing a light bulb.  The door would not close without help! It worried me that I might leave and forget to pull on it.  Hardest 'parking lot to hotel check-in' maze I've ever seen.  A hottie blonde local pointed us in the right direction.     Stupid resort fee of $50 total for the 3 days I was here, though its unavoidable at every hotel in vegas nowadays. Still.....the resort fee cost me almost as much as the room did! It should be illegal for casinos to not tell you how much it is on their website.The OK:  The room was a decent size, though not huge.  The balcony, while kinda dirty with pigeon poop, was nice....hard to find a high-rise hotel with a balcony on that budget.
1	I'm a local and decided to take advantage of a Groupon to check out what the Imperial Palace had become. Sadly, this is the single worst hotel experience I've had in Vegas. While the casino floor renovations were pretty, the hotel rooms are still small, cramped and shoddy. The hallways are narrow, random and confusing. There's no staff or clear signs available to direct you anywhere. On top of the taxes, they charged a mandatory $11 "resort fee" for Wi-Fi, which didn't even work most of the time. And then, to top it off, I got a warning on my windshield from property security, asking me to park more considerately... which would be easier if the spots weren't smaller than my compact car. This hotel belongs in the 1970's, not the 21st century.
2	God love em, they have tried. The casino still is under construction, the rooms still....well...from the 80s and the machines tight as bell but still cheap and a place to lay your head.
1	Had to take an elevator up, then another elevator back down to get to our room.  We were in the not yet remodeled area.  Carpet in the hall & room were gross.  The chair was filthy.  There was hair & a piece of a popcorn kernel on the bathoom counter.  The only thing clean were the sheets.  Luckily, they were immaculate!  That was the only plus about this place.  Including the resort fee, we paid $44 for one night. Not worth it. In my opinion, they should close off this area until the reno is complete.  It is appalling!
1	Really bad! Trash and toilet paper all over the balconies and pool area, people yelling from balcony to balcony.  Clogged sink and bath tub.  The bed is not made for a good night sleep!! I heard the rooms had been renovated and maybe some have, but not the one I got.  In general the place is not good.  The upside was, I checked out at 8pm and was refunded my money with no hassle! But I don't recommend staying there!
5	I just booked 4 nights at the quad @ $15.40 per night....At that price, I don't care if its a broom closet.
2	Ok, if you can remember the game "Mouse Trap"...that's what you will be, stuck in here. Very easy to get lost in this hotel. It reminds me of the days when I went to TJ Mexico and the night club was on the top floor, you had to go through a maze to get to the club. The same problem here, nothing is labeled correctly and you will be running in circles trying to get to your room, parking and casino.This place kind of reminds me of circus circus casino as well, except without all the kids. Very dirty and old decor, many areas reek of urine and the rooms aren't that clean or well maintained. Not the best hotel experience, have hand sanitizer on hand.PROS: Hosts are friendly, Casino is okay, Hash House, O'sheas Casino, great new years party with lobster and filet minion, live music and penthouse fireworks display.CONS: YOU WILL get lost in here, very dirty, smells, poor maid service, in room coffee makers are very dirty, rooms not cleaned well, elevators take forever...just to name a few.
4	It isn't the nicest place, yet.  They are still renovating so the rooms are from the Imperial Palace days but they are doing a nice job and I believe this will continue to be their bargain properly on the strip.  I was really happy to see they didn't abandon the O'Sheas experience and had a gambling room dedicated to a new upscale O'Sheas with the same little person as the MC.This seems to be a young person place, but my room was comped so I have no complaints.  I'll update the review further once I see how the new rooms looks.
1	While they are renovating the external appearance of the hotel and it is starting to look decent, this place is gross in general.  I can't believe they actually are charging for the rooms given how old and broken they are.  This place needs to be closed down totally, get fixed and then reopened. They also have small valet parking and the y are always full with no exception. Unfriendly staff.  I will never go there even for free.
2	The hotel was under construction, but the location is still great and the rate was good. I just needed a clean, safe place to stay in a central spot and this fit the bill. Their restaurant 'Hash House-a-Go-Go' definitely impressed me. The new "look" of the casino and hotel lobby seems trendy, though I was more a fan of the cheezy look when this was the old Imperial Palace hotel. They still have Dealer-tainers which still were drawing a crowd. I'd wait until renovations are done to go back.  My blog has some other insider deals and discounts: http://bit.ly/18JIGH0
2	Stayed here for 3 nights, Beds were actually very comfy, when you first get off the elevator the hallways are super dirty and disgusting. My room carpet was full of stains and was very dirty. The chairs also were dirty, my sheets had one little stain, but the blankets and pillows were clean, the bathroom is decent, the toilet was old and was kinda chipped on top and in the inside it had some rust. Bathtub was also decent hot water starts right away, the cups inside the bathroom were dirty, so buy your own cups, towels smelled of clorine. Has a little plasma TV which was good, has a table and one of  my lamps didn't work, noises from the club can be bothering when your trying to sleep. Halls smell of ciggar. Stay here at your own risk!!!!!
2	I was definitely not impressed by the Quad. First off, the parking is ridiculous! The signs lead you to the back where the Linq is and you wind your way through pillars to this warehouse looking door. We sat in line forever just to try to get IN to the self parking. We finally gave up after 15 mins and went to the valet. The sign said they were full, but they had no problem taking our car. Not well organized! The actual hotel and casino seems to be undergoing some renovations, at least I hope. Very hard to navigate and reminds me of a hotel I would find in Reno. O'Sheas is good for frat boys wanting to play beer pong. That's about it. Not a fan.
1	The place is an absolute dump.  The rooms are old, the place smells bad and to top things off, the sewage backed up into the room sink.  Do not stay here.
1	I travel for business about twice a month... This was a new disgusting low. Bedbugs in room 1. Condom wrapper in the dust and grime of the floor of VIP room 2 (hard to see with the broken lights). And NO REFUND because of the no refunds within 72 hours policy; you can't check in without signing this acknowledgement. If I could give fewer stars I would; I will avoid Harrah's properties if at all possible from now on.
1	This hotel is absolutely disgusting... the carpets and walls are covered in a thick layer of cigarette tar (and other foreign substances). It smells nasty, and the rooms and furniture are busted and ugly beyond belief. The hotel restaurants are also nasty and serve sub par food at ridiculous prices. The hotel staff are lazy and rude. It took me over an hour to register and get my keys, there was a huge line and only a handful of employees manning the desk (there were enough open stations to have three times as many people working there). The employees were taking their sweet time too, it shouldn't take 20 min to check in each guest. When I actually got to the counter the lady chewed my head off because I walked up before she waved me over. Then I was told that there was a $15 a day "resort" fee I had to pay that was not mentioned when I booked the room. I also booked a pet room at a higher rate and then was told there was $100 pet fee at check in that also was not mentioned when I booked the room.They also have a horrible IT infrastructure. My WiFi code kept expiring too early so I would have to call the front desk, which no one ever answered. Then call the operator and wait through literally 20 min of ringing before someone answered. Then when I finally get to the person who can fix my code, they argue with me and tell me I am doing something wrong and that their system is fine... finally get them to reset the code and voila it works! I even told the lady that it would likely happen again and her response was "You are checking out tomorrow!"... I don't give a rats butt when I am checking out and neither should you. Your job is to make sure I get good service the entire time I am here.Screw this place, and screw the people that work here.
3	Was there for the CES show.  I admit this isn't the Four Season or Bellagio.  But come on...you guys have to know that before you book this place.  It's the old IMPERIAL PALACE remember!!!   They're only redoing the bottom area...casino floor.  The casino floor looks great. Very new and clean.  I liked the Hash House a Go Go and Gingseng restaurants...very convenient and good food.  Maybe a little pricey for some.  I really liked the fact that the Monorail stop is right there in the back of the hotel; and in the middle of the strip and if you wanted to walk to Caesar's, Mirage or Venetian, it's very close.  I definitely would not pay more than a $100 per night for these rooms during regular season...but when you're in Vegas you're hardly in the room anyways.  So as long as the beds are made, the bathrooms work and there are no bugs... try this hotel out.  Didn't see any bugs or junk, so reviews from previous guests probably just got bad luck. But if you're coming for a convention and you want a cheap place that's convenient to the Convention center, take a chance on this place.
2	Although I am giving this hotel 2 stars, I cannot really complain with what I paid for my stay at The Quad. The price is very cheap compared to other hotels that are on the main area of The Strip. The rooms are extremely horrible, but if you are just looking for a place to crash and expect nothing more than the absolute basics...well this would be the hotel to book. Also, the parking structure and the hotel was like a labyrinth. Not the best place with signs to direct you to where you need to go.   They are currently going through some renovations as I have heard so who knows what it will be like in a few years of this review. I would have given this hotel a 1 star because the rooms are seriously disgusting, but I have to factor in the location, price, and customer service. The people working there are friendly and you are in walking distance from all the main hotels off the main strip.
2	This place has definitely improved since it was Imperial Palace, but many things have not changed and therefore still earn this place 2 stars.1) The check in process takes FOREVER, as they will probably have 2 people on staff to check in over 20-30 people into their rooms.  Expect to be in line for 30-90 minutes depending on time of day.2) The rooms are not very clean, and they are very basic with no amenities whatsoever. The TV is also archaic.3) There is quite a bit of vandalism in the rooms.4) There is no bathroom lock5) The hallways are long and confusing, with a messed up numbering system.I'd stay away if I were you.
1	zero stars! I had no hot water, room are plain, hallways are dirty just an overall bad hotel. Not to mention i tried calling front desk and there was no answer the 3 times i tried! I then used my cell phone to call and was finally able to get a hold of them. Only thing i liked about this place was that O'sheas was connected to it. The Quad sucks.
4	I stayed here with my girlfriend for 5 days. This place can be a hidden gem ( it was for us) for you think rational. So let's break it down. Look, basically you get what you pay for. Don't think your checking into Caesars. I stayed here 5 days starting Dec. 18th. Check in was a breeze. This hotel is located perfectly on the strip. Hash house is the restaurant in the hotel and is fabulous. There's a Denny's down the street If your looking for a cheap meal. The room was big, yes it was plain and did have some stains on the chairs but once again.. You get what you pay for. All in all..it's worth it. A place to head your head and have a great spot on the strip without paying for it.
4	Don't get me wrong the 1 stars reviews are correct and accurate,  but knowing that in advance and the dirt cheap price made it worth while.  The sheets were clean and and the plumbing works.  As a place to crash for cheap I can recommended it.  If you are bothered by dirty floors and a place that is in almost complete disrepair, then spend much more to stay somewhere else. I stayed here for two nights and was happy.
4	You have to know what you're getting when you go to The Quad.....that being said, I was expecting a total bust but I was surprised in a good way. The rooms are terrible as we all know. They said they are starting next month to close down one tower at a time to renovate rooms. The casino is a but choppy but very nice and clean. The dealers, pit bosses, cocktail waitresses and bartenders were all some of the friendliest in Vegas. Check in/out was a breeze for us but I did notice that most if the time, the lines were long. I can't wait to come back to Vegas and I will definitely stay at The Quad again. Perfect location on the strip. For those complaining about parking, it's Vegas. It takes ten minutes to get to room/casino from garage. No big deal. Hash House was amazing as always. The new Linq area between casino and Flamingo is pretty awesome. Can't wait to see it all done. Kudos to the quad
1	Stay away from here. Seriously. If I could give this place 0 stars, I would. I live in SoCal and come to Vegas quite frequently and am not afraid to try new hotels. I checked in here last night and I can already say that this is the worst hotel experience  I've ever had. Finding the entrance was really hard because the only direction you get on the strip is a tiny little sign. Then to actually get to the main entrance is like a maze in a construction zone. Checking in took forever and to get to your room is like a maze. The way they built their hallways force you to take a million turns before you find your room.Obviously for the price, I didn't expect the room to be Wynn expectations. But I also didn't expect it to be as bad as it was. The music outside can be heard clearly through the walls and doesn't stop until about 2 am. There are random stains on the chairs and the paint is chipped everywhere. The wifi is difficult to set up and the front desk never picked up when I called from the room. I had to call the hotel with my cell phone and be redirected to the front desk.The staff is rude and as I was reading the other Yelp reviews, I learned that apparently the staff here steals from you. More than one Yelp user complained about this problem. I would never stay here again and will tell everyone I know never to come here. The Quad sucks.
3	So we booked two nights at this hotel about two weeks before our trip. We were looking for a pet friendly hotel and everything on the strip was over $200 a night. It was outrageous. We ended up booking a pet stay room and with the pet fee, we paid less than $200 for the weekend. The perks - cheap, casino has been remodeled, and a hash house a go go is in the casino and open 24 hrs, and their menu is part of the room service menu during certain hours. One of the most unexpected perks is how close you are to everything, you are right on the strip across from Caesars and next to Flamingo. Some downsides - the parking lot/taxi/valet is located behind the hotel, opposite of the strip. It is also the convergence of many other parking garages so it is a pain in the ass. Avoid getting a taxi if possible and if you must, check to see if there is a conference at the sands expo - this was what caused the biggest traffic jam. The hotel rooms were less than mediocre but I feel like we got what we paid for. Our room was relatively clean for our pet stay room but it was a bit small. Funny smells and peeling wallpaper in the hallways but our room was fine. I always check the bed for any creepy crawlers (I would do it at any hotel) and it wasn't bad. The place isn't dirty, it's just dilapidated and I think they are working on remodeling the hotel portion. Overall I would recommend it for a cheap stay and pet friendly hotel. It's not like you are actually in the room for anything other than sleeping and showering and this place has the bare necessities.
4	The good the bad and the ugly!-Gaming area- 5 stars in the making (as they are still under construction) The dealers that are impersonators like "Prince" and "Little Richard" are a real hoot and welcoming.-Staff- 4 stars service during my weekday stay but I could see how it could be dramatically worst if the hotel was at near max capacity. Everyone I can in contact with was more than helpful from front desk, Valet to housekeeping.-Room- 2 star for my Non-smoking room that totally smelled like an ash tray, I found a few stray hairs in the bathroom that kinda grossed me out. Stains on the carpet and fabric chairs. On the upside we did have a very comfy bed (no bed bugs, I checked) and a flat screen TV. If you are in Tower 5 and face the strip you will defiantly hear the outdoor club, right outside that goes on daily till 1-2am. We aware of this from the reviews and also told about this at check in. My group were use to staying up late and didn't mind it too much. If you are with a large group of friends and typically loud I'm 100% sure nobody in tower 5 will be calling the front desk on you for being to loud till the outdoor party ends. -Tip- total rewards members can check in early free of charge. My 4 star overall reviews is only so high because the room was so cheap and I came in with low expectations. That being said, I would try The Quad again.
1	Worst experience ever!!!!! All around thumbs down!!!! DO NOT COME HERE!!! Your better off at a Travel Lodge or Motel 6!!! Dirty & horrible service!!!!!!
1	My evening at this hotel was HORRIBLE! To begin with at check in we were given a smoking room when we requested non smoking. The lady at the counter explained to me that it was an extra $15 fee, however they had sold out on rooms for the night. Because I booked the room through hotels.com, that is something I will take up with them. Reluctantly I accepted the room, it was already paid for and too late to cancel. Now, when I arrive in my "room" I was not the least but impressed at all. The room reeked of marijuana! The floors were disgusting, the carpet and tile in the bathroom. The toilet most definitely needed to be replaced. When I flushed the toilet water would leak from the handle. Yuck! Not only that when we went to get ice for our cups, the cups had toothpaste residue in them! Even more gross!!! My guest went to complain to the front desk who stated that there was nothing to be done. So we decided to leave the hotel and try to enjoy our night. Upon returning to the hotel I stopped by the front desk to inform them of the overall quality of my room. I was told by the manager in duty last night, that pretty much you get what you paid for. My room for the night was $125, I requested a suite however they were sold out if everything. It should not matter how much I paid for my room!!! I informed them that was ridiculous! If the rooms are old that's fine but they most definitely need to be CLEAN! I have pictures and video of the room! I was willing to show the staff but the desk attendant informed me that she understood that the rooms were not up to par and that she didn't need to see them. She retrieved her manager by the name of Steven who gave me another managers name reluctantly, and stated that there was no one higher than himself to complain to. I am very disturbed by the way I was treated by the staff of this hotel. I live in Las Vegas and wanted to do an evening on the strip after working. I've stayed at majority of the casinos on and off of the strip and I have NEVER experienced this. If I could give negative stars I would! The sad part is that there is more, this is just the short version. I will NOT be staying here again and will make sure to spread the word!
1	I'll come here for discounted shows, but that's about it.For starters, this place is nearly impossible to find. There is only one exterior sign letting you know where the Quad is, and it's placed between two buildings and appears to be parking signage for deliveries- NOT guests. However, it does take you to their parking garage.I don't know what casino this used to be, but when the Quad took over, the #1 thing they should have renovated was the parking garage- in addition to being tiny, it has several dead ends that are difficult if not impossible to get out of safely, particularly if there are large SUVS or trucks parked in that area. Assuming you finally make it inside (thanks in large part to directions provided by staff at the Flamingo and Harrah's, because I couldn't find anyone from The Quad), the sports book is pathetic- I've seen more and larger TV screens inside of a bar. Staff (when you can find them) are polite, but everyone seems to be in super-slow-motion, as if they don't have enough to do- yet there are clogged sinks and broken locks in the bathroom, and very few people to provide directions or assistance throughout the casino itself.
2	Truly get what you pay for. Room carpets filthy. Furniture must be 15 years old and shows it. Water stain in popcorn ceiling. Toilet seat old and loose. Plus: newer flat 32" screen TV. Bed not too bad; not firm but not too saggy.   Refrigerators on request at no charge. Paid less than $20 weeknight (plus $15 resort fee) and got high floor.  At least I found general cleanliness ok (carpet excepted). Booked here because they had access balconies but the doors have all been permanently secured. Finding the registration lobby from the parking garage needs map and turn by turn directions. Worst ever journey from self park to lobby.  Very poor signage.   Once it's figured out, not nearly as confusing. Although the self park entrance / exit from Koval is a nightmare. I know Caesars recently took over and they're spending millions but they have a long way to go. Would probably upgrade next time, except already in a deluxe room. I guess there's actually worse.
1	If I could I wouldn't given them any stars.I will NEVER stay at the Quad ever again. The rooms are disgusting the  service desk rude. I was over charged and told to basically stick it. This is by far the worst hotel experience ever.
1	The dirtiest hotel ever!! Do not stay here. Went here and got a pet hotel room and right when my boyfriend and I walked into the room, the room smelled like dog urine. The smell was so horrible I did not even want to stay in the room for another minute. Luckily I was able to switch rooms but still felt grossed out. Will not stay here again! =/
2	I didn't have a terrible stay here, but this place gets a 2 star for its overall quality.The Good:location - RIGHT in the middle of the strip. everything is practically within reach/walking distance! (speaking from experience having stayed at palazzo/venetian or planet hollywood and we want to eat or go clubbing at a place thats towards the other end -___-) They have a McDonalds, Chipotle, and Denny's super close for those times you need to grab a quick bite.Gambling- SUPER cheap. $5 table for craps (only saw one). same for rouletteBEER PONG- yes. BEER PONG TABLES. just had to put it in caps cuz..well....its not like you see several beer pong tables at a casino. Gambling area still under construction, so i'm sure it will be bigger and better later on. Lobby floor - new tiles inputted. Very nice. The Bed- High off the ground and pretty comfortable, I must say. Room- There is a long mirror in the room (this is a must know for girls who need to get ready for the night out) , plus blow dryer, iron and ironing board. TV is pretty new and big. The Bad:Parking - Parking was easy to find enough. Missed the turn in from Las Vegas Blvd only because I wasn't sure..but come on...theres a sign that says its for the Quad Parking. Spots are small, so they were also limited since SOME people don't know how to park. Security told us there was an additional lot on the first floor that is like an outdoor parking lot which is safe, but it turned out that I didn't need it. I really felt like the parking lot was safe because whenever I left the parking lot (and i did a lot that weekend) there was always security patrolling, keeping an eye out and even giving tickets to those who took up two spots)Elevators- floor is super old and need to be updated. Honestly...i KNOW i've seen worse elevators somewhere else in vegas before..just can't remember where...but these are the second to worse i've seen. Tower 5, 9th floor:Carpeting in the hallways - terrible. parts of it were taped down. (seriously...what?)wallpaper in the hallways - coming off and starting to show the old wallpaperThe Room -1. non smoking room smelled like smoking room. i expected it having read the reviews2. walls are thinner than most hotels which normally wouldn't have bothered me but some of the families who stayed near us did NOT know how to handle their kids who they let run screaming like banshees up and down the hallways all night and in the morning. although i blame the parents for the terrible sleep i had and NOT the hotel3. Restroom: Girls...there is no toilet seat cover. just fyi. Shower gel not provided, but they DO give a bar of soap to wash hands with.**Overall...I would not recommend staying here until maybe after they are done renovating...but i WOULD recommend coming here to gamble.***
4	I have stayed here at the Quad twice and have had positive experiences both times. I stayed on the 9th floor this past stay and I'm pretty sure the stay I had in summer 2013 was the 9th floor too. The room was clean, plain and I had a pretty good view of the flamingo and a couple other cool vegas strip buildings. It's no Hilton or mariott but you are paying like 20-30 bucks a night. The location is perfectly central of everything on the strip,  they have made awesome progress on their remodel in just the last 7 months since I stayed. The staff is friendly and helpful. I am 2 for 2 with good experiences here. I look forward to staying again and seeing how the room remodels go, apparently they start next week.
1	AVOID THIS DUMP AT ALL COSTS  One of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had. The staff that checked us in lied about our room. When we got to our room, it was in absolutely disgusting condition to the point where we felt it was unsanitary to sleep in. When we asked to speak to a manager we had three separate employees hang up on us.AVOID THIS DUMP AT ALL COSTS
4	Great for the price and its location on the strip. I don't get what other people are complaining for. Its much better than I anticipated. I stayed for business trip and this place offered everything I needed.Deluxe rooms are half the price of other hotels on the strip. Nice king bed and a table for quick office work.I would recommend to upgrade to internet for one dollar a day. Check in around 4pm but avoid those time which can be crowded.
4	Not a 5 Star hotel, but still worth checking out. You can't beat the location either....
1	Let's just start off by saying that anybody who gave this dump a good review is either A. Homeless or B. The hotel paid them well for a good review. The lobby and downstaris will fool you! That's an area they actually clean.  As soon as I stepped off the elevator I could see that the carpet had NEVER been cleaned and it smelled like hell in the hallway. And the room was trash!! It was so dirty I wore my shower shoes the whole time. And there was no hot water so how are they cleaning anything right?? All of my clothes from my suitcase smell like what happens in vegas stays in vegas and God knows what!! I've stayed in hot tub motels that were way cleaner. How are they still in business?? Surely they are breaking every code in the book. I felt like the Muppets on The Muppets Take Manhattan when they stayed in that roach motel. So gross. I'm headed home to boil all of my clothes and exterminate my body. Don't stay here!!! The Quad sucks ass!!
1	Stay away !!! It's a dump and the customer service is worse than the sticky, stained carpets in the rooms. If I could put less than 1 star I would. I've been going to Vegas for 20 years now and I have never seen a filthy room like this at a Strip hotel. I've stayed at the Wild West and had better accommodations for 20 bucks a night. I could write a novel about how poor the customer service is but you get the picture. I would have felt cleaner sleeping in a dumpster. YUCK!!!!!
1	Unless you want to pay to get robbed, do not stay here!! Despite reading the reviews about dirty rooms, we decided to go because location was great and it was cheap and got a good deal online -- WORST MISTAKE EVER. We got ROBBED while we were sleeping. Do not compromise your safety or the safety of your loved ones to save a few bucks on a room stay. Our room was locked, the thief must have had some other kind of access to the room because how else could you have gotten in? Valuables can be replaced, but we are lucky that the thief was not violent and attacked us because he had to have been in the room for several minutes before we woke up and realized he was in our room. Seriously, as a young female on a budget wanting to have a good time in Vegas, save your money and go somewhere safer!!!! Or sleep with pepper spray by your bed in case you too become a Quad room invasion victim!! You shouldn't have to sacrifice your safety because you get a good deal on a room! There are no security cameras in the hallways, so security was pretty much useless. I woke up and saw a man crouching at the doorway, we made eye contact before he grabbed our laptop bag and made a dash. I was able to see that he ran down the hall (of the 6th floor, in the Towers 1 & 2 area). He stole all our valuables wallets, and car keys. He tried to steal our car in the self-parking garage. We filed an incident report with hotel security, but from there on out we were shuffled to third party management agencies, were treated disrespectfully, they blamed the incident on us, and we have not been compensated for anything, even the room.If it still matters...the room was dingy, the elevators seemed like they were going to break, the bathtubs don't drain well, it's a pretty long trek (especially if you're in heels) from the rooms to the lobby, the casino is small & run-down, it's super smoky compared to other casinos on the strip, and taxis don't come to this hotel as often, so you'll have a bit of a wait if you need one. Like I said, we didn't expect great accommodations, but getting robbed was pretty crappy and ridiculous.Save yourself a nightmare, and avoid!!
4	Was it the best?  No. But was it great for the price? Hell yeah!! We will stay there again.
3	First off, i did NOT stay here lol. I only came because i had a coupon for free slot play. It was a bitch finding out how to get in - only after walking into what looks like a back allyway/loading dock are you eventually surprised to find out you made it. Because of the renovations (i assume) it was the smallest casino on planet earth. I got a free drink while i played my free slot & the service was fast. I ended up winning and the staff managed not to rob me blind, so i cant complain.
2	I should preface that overall I had a clean bed, in a run-down room, older, worn room and slept fine. With that being, you get what you pay for! I was "comped" my room so I owed only a $16 resort fee- expectations low my friend. Tips: get a players card called a (total rewards card) ASAP possibly even before you travel here- comps are easily obtained and can be used towards dining rooms shows and sundry shop discounts- but the most important reason I have found is that with a players card even entry level (which is gold) gets a special isle for checking in. In Vegas it's common  to see checkin lines that resemble TSA lines at Spring Break time.  Then use this card at all harrahs associated hotels- caesars, planet Hollywood, harrahs, flamingo, rio, the list goes on!
2	Our room was comped, so we decided to stay here for 2 nights. Overall, we didn't spend much time in the room. So, for our purposes the room was fine, but I still would never stay here again...even if it is free. Parking: Sucks. We arrived late at night and valet was full. Valet guy told us to park in the lot or to try Harrahs parking. We looked for an hour (literally an hour) and found nothing. We go back to valet guy and he says "oh, you should try the overflow lot". Overflow lot?! Why didn't you tell us that to begin with! We ended up parking there and it was pretty far from the hotel entrance, but at least we got parking.Check in: Terrible. We waited about 1.5 hours just to check in. Rooms: Sketchy. Our room didn't smell like smoke and we didn't find roaches (like other reviewers), but there were plenty of carpet and wall stains. The bed sheets were clean and pretty comfortable. Room was outdated as expected, and you can hear EVERYTHING that goes on in the room next to you. You probably don't want to hear those things in Vegas.
2	My husband and I found a good deal at the Quad for President's Day weekend and decided to take advantage of it since every other hotel's prices were jacked up for the holiday weekend. Since the Quad is fairly new we expected it to be pretty nice, but let me tell you there couldn't have been a bigger disappointment. The Quad might have a new name and exterior but it seems as though no improvements to the interior were made, even in places that really called for it. There were many places in the halls where the carpet is coming loose, torn or duct tapped down. The walls have many stains and dents in them. Then there's the service. Everyone here seems to dislike their job and it shows. No smiles and no friendly demeanor. Not only was the valet often full but so was the entire parking garage forcing us to park next store at Harrah's more than once. The free wifi code they provided us at checkin didn't work and the only solution their tech support had for this problem was for us to use the prepay plan instead. Since it wasn't that expensive we conceded which was a mistake. The service was slow and often disconnected. The most disturbing thing however was that the halls constantly wreaked of weed which is more of a problem for me since we were traveling with our 7 month old daughter. The only reason I even gave the Quad 2 stars was to leave room for a hooker motel which would qualify as 1 star.
1	I don't understand why Caesar's Palace would allow their name to be associated with this very old and run-down hotel. Our last night, we were locked out of our room. What the? I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. The restaurant in here, Hash, Hash a Go Go, is worth checking out, but that's about it.
5	I Stay here almost every time I'm in Vegas...is it a 5 star resort...no! It is what it is...an inexpensive place to lay my head and shower while enjoying Vegas. Centrally located, it's the perfect strip location for the price. I have spent numerous trips here and yes...the decor is outdated and lacking, but my room has always been clean as far as bedding and bathroom go....I do wear socks in the room as the carpet cleanliness is questionable. On one occasion, I left my nook in the room. I did not notice until we were 2 hours driving distance from town. They located my nook and mailed it to me. Overall I am pleased with my experiences at The Quad and plan on staying here again in the future.
1	Hated imperial palace before and hate the quad just as much now. You get what you pay for.. Smells, stains everywhere, un sanitary oh and let's not forget NO WIFI! Called the front desk about 10 times to see if we could get wifi since our phones and nothing had service / reception.. And of course we talked to a manager but no help given. Thanks for nothing.. Well this will be the last time I stay here.
3	So I'm a very picky person and my friends jokingly call me kate Middleton so when me and my friends came to Vegas for MAGIC fashion trade show and my friend suggested we stay at the quad for our trip I read yelp and was ready for an awful experience however I was pleasantly surprised.  So check in like everyone says is long as fuck minus one star seriously they need to fix that shit then the stupid lady who put us in a non smoking room we get there the non smoking plaque is ripped off and room smells like smoke so we go down to complain to the supervisor she was a total cunt so rude terrible customer service minus one star. Finally we get to the new room it's decent for the price it's definitely not the Aria which is amazing but hey all we needed was a place to sleep and shower. Overall I rate this place 2.5 stars. For a cheap place it's ok but I tend to prefer a fancier hotel.
4	Our stay at The Quad was from Feb 6-10, 2014 in a non-smoking Deluxe room- Room 1694.After reading a plethora of bad reviews for The Quad, we still decided to take our chances and stay here because we could not pass up a center strip room at the rock bottom price deal we received. After a few flight delays, we arrived at the hotel around 8:00pm on Thurs. Feb 6. I was dreading a huge line, as I've read many reviews and experienced similar long check in line horrors at other Vegas hotels. Fortunately, there was nobody in line at this time and a member of the check in staff politely greeted us and checked us in. The whole process took about 5 minutes. The staff member asked us if we wanted a room in Tower 5, the louder, more exciting tower with the elevators right around the corner or if we'd prefer to be in a quieter room back off the strip. We chose "louder" Tower 5 room. Into the elevator... yes, it was small and outdated, but whatever, it came quick and we never had to wait long for an elevator our entire trip. The elevator doors open on floor 16 and we were expecting to enter a "hotel of horrors", based upon other reviews... nope! The elevator "lobby" area was tiled and clean and the directional signs clearly pointed us to our room. I'm not sure how people got lost getting to their rooms, but the 16th floor of Tower 5 is pretty easy to navigate. The carpet right off of the elevator lobby was pretty stained and worn, but not enough to bother us.We put the key in and open the door to our room only to find... a clean room that looked almost exactly like the professional photos of the Deluxe rooms. There was a stain here and there on the carpet, but nothing to disgust us or make us feel like the room was dirty. The chairs had a few small stains on them as well, but we only use the chairs to set our luggage on, so, no biggie. Looking out of our balcony door, which was sealed shut, we realized that our room was right inside the lower half of the "D" of the "The QUAD" sign that's across the front of the building and we had an awesome strip view of Caesar's Palace and The Mirage. The bed was really comfortable and we did have an updated flat screen Tv, so, that was nice when getting ready. The only thing that was on par with any of the negative reviews that we read was that the shower did drain slowly and some water did sit in the basin while showering. Again, this did not bother us as the bathroom itself was very clean. As far as the noise- yes, you could hear the music from the the Carnival Bar, which was located outside our room, but it wasn't as loud as some reviewers made it seem; Plus we were out every night, so it didn't even matter. The one night we did get in "early" (around 1:30 am), the music was not a a bother and seemed to stop around 2:30 or 3. Also, we did not hear any construction noise at any time during our stay, but maybe that's because we had a strip facing room in the front building.The casino renovations are really nice and although small, it has a fun, younger vibe. We didn't have the chance to eat at any of the restaurants, although we've heard many great things about Hash House A Go Go. We did have a drink after checking in at Chayo, taking advantage of a 2 for 1 coupon that was in the welcome packet we received at check in. Chayo has a fun vibe, with free mechanical bull riding for the ladies, and while we didn't dine there, the food looked delicious in passing. We did receive comp tickets to the Divas Las Vegas show and that was a lot of fun! As a fan of RuPaul's Drag Race, it was cool to see Coco Montrese do her thing live and an absolute pleasure to meet her after the show! She's a total sweetheart!Just a quick note about the reviews that stated people had items stolen from there room... especially while sleeping. I have NO CLUE how this could happen. The door had a dead bolt and an door latch in addition to the key card lock. Lock the deadbolt and flip over the door latch, people! It's quite simple and will ensure that nobody will raid your room while you sleep! All in all, I must say that our experience at The Quad far exceeded our expectations. Maybe Lady Luck was with us during our stay, but I can't find any reason to bash this Vegas Value!
1	Terrible!   Front desk was no help with locating our room.  Written on the room key was 11156.  My thought is 11th floor, room 156.  Turns out it was 11th floor, room 1156.  There is both a room 156 and 1156 on the 11th floor. Btw, apologies to the couple in room 156 for trying my key 50 million times in their door.  Got to our room finally after we found a member of housekeeping tell us "go looong way over there (points to left), and keep going far.  You find it." Well, it was far.  The room we booked thru their site was for a renovated king room.  I'm sure you have read other reviews about how dirty the place is.  All true.  I'll attach pics.  Balcony door was drilled shut.  Filthy floor. Boogers and spit on closet mirror.  Hand prints on mirror over bed.  Mildew on mirror over in room gigantic tub.  Tub had a crack and dirty.  Carpet looked like it was either a fun party OR hobos were carving a camel with spoons in there.  Either way, gross floor.  Mystery goo on bathroom tile floor. Nasty funk smell in room. We called front desk (Anna) and were assured they do not advertise renovated rooms and do not have any renovated rooms. Then she tried to tell us not to book thru 3rd party websites and they will put where they want to put us. We BOOKED THRU THEIR SITE!  Anna tried to tell us we were not going to get our money back and will be charged a cancellation fee. We went down to check out, Bryce did not seem the least bit surprised of the mess.  Best part about our visit was actually getting our refund.   I don't even feel like playing in the casino here because of the hotels condition and staff.
2	The hotel looks like it hasnt been cleaned in years. Incredibly stained carpets. Stayed here cuz it was comped...wish total rewards would fork over a room at one of its nicer casinos. Only redeeming quality of this place is the bartenders. They keep em flowin and they have 90 minute ipa on tap
4	For the price this place isn't bad. For $100 Valentine's day weekend, we weren't complaining.However, several elevators were broken, which made it a hassle to get to our room on the 16th floor. But it was clean, unlike what others have said. And the room was hugely spacious, way more than what we expected.Further, we loved that to check out we only had to leave the keys in our room and close the door.Plus, when we extended our stay for an extra night, (Sunday) they had no problem with it, and it was only about $30 more than what we had paid for the original night ($100 - Saturday) on hotels.com. (It was cheaper than the $60+ it would have been because we were Total Rewards members.)We didn't know this at first, but they have a special line for Total Rewards members, so you have much less wait time to check-in. Plus, as a Total Rewards member you can check in as early at 1 pm, as opposed to the normal 4 pm. ...And you can get points on your Total Rewards card almost anywhere in the hotel, including the little market store where I bought some water and gum. Score.If we're saving money on a quick trip to Vegas, we'd stay here again for sure. The location is pretty good and we can accrue Total Rewards points. We'll just try to request a room on the bottom floors in case the elevators are out again.Note that it's a little hard to find the parking garage for this place, it shares garage areas with Harrah's.
2	For the last 35 years, my wife and I stay at all new hotels that open in las Vegas.  So, after giving the new Harrah's hotel "The Quad" sufficient time to work out the bugs, we made a reservation to stay a night.  Our first impression of the ground floor was pretty good.  A nice, clean, casino with good air circulation diminishing the smell of cigarette smoke. We reserved a suite, but for 41 dollars more we took a penthouse suite.  Five stars went to 2.  It turns out that the rooms of the new Quad are the same old, dilapidated rooms of the old Imperial Palace.  These rooms should have been imploded with the rest of the Imperial Palace, but since Harrahs decided to just renovate, they should have taken the rooms down to the studs and start anew.  But, because of the casino and the good dinner we had at one of their restaurants adjacent to the casino called Chayo, we give the "New" Quad two stars instead of one.
1	Q=QuiteU=UnsanitaryA=AndD=DumpyA great location, however!
1	Nasty, dirty, smelly!! I will never ever stay here again CRUSTBUCKET!
1	Location is great... but as far as the hotel room goes... I will never ever stay again! Here's why: DILDO FOUND ON BATHROOM FLOOR UNDER SINK! (No joke!) Makes you want to question how clean your room really is if that was missed right? I was given Room #666... Spoke with the manager, Eloy (not sure if I spelled his name correctly) stated that he can not move me to another room because no rooms were available... and could not comp my room because I booked through a third party. So instead, gave me a $20 credit to go towards drinks at their bar downstairs and late check out. Really? That's the best you could do! Like I really want to stay longer then I need to after seeing that nastiness left in my room. Also, there was a bloody boogar found at the top of the headboard. Cleaning lady cleaned it but before she did she says, "oh like you never do that in your car and fling it". Omg really? Look lady, i would prefer not to see other peoples boogars in a hotel room that I paid to stay at... and if you would've done your job, there wouldn't have been a bloody boogar or a damn dildo left in the room! DISGUSTING!!!
1	This is by far the worst hotel on the strip. First of all, the parking garage is a nightmare. Be prepared for no parking and a bunch of dead ends. I requested a non-smoking room and they put us in a smoking room. We walked into the room and our eyes burned. The manager said that the best he can do is have housekeeping spray air freshener...that helped for maybe a minute. He was EXTREMELY rude and had a big attitude. Double bolt your doors because someone opened our door in the middle of the night. Do yourselves a favor and pay the extra $50 a night and stay somewhere safe and where they value their customers.
1	We stayed here over the Presidents Day weekend. This place is a complete dump!! We arrived at 3am and finally got to our room at 5am after a 2 hour wait to check-in. They first gave us the wrong room that was already occupied, then had to go back down to get a new room. Parking was horrible, had to end up parking at Harrahs. The rooms are filthy. The carpet has stains, and the furniture is tore up. The whole room smells bad. It was so bad, that by 7:30 that same morning we left to go stay in another hotel. But that is not all. I never thought that I would ever see a Caesars Entertainment Property have duct tape holding down the seams of the carpet in the hallway. Wow!!! I contacted the hotel once I got home, and below is their reply:Dear Mr. XXXXXX,Thank you for contacting The Quad and making us aware of your experience. Your comments are appreciated as it enables us to identify what we are doing correctly to satisfy our guests, as well as, discovering where adjustments can be made so we may continue providing the best products and service.Let me begin by saying that I certainly understand your frustrations. We all set expectations before we travel and certainly the type of room that we will receive is one of those. I was disappointed to hear we were unable to meet your expectations with the room you received during your visit and apologize for any inconvenience. As a mature hotel, it is challenging to keep our product fresh and up to our brand standards, however, there is absolutely no excuse for you not to receive a room that affords you the comforts of home. The information you shared about the room and the front desk customer service issues will be addressed as soon as possible. Please be assured that our main goal at The Quad is to provide the finest in accommodations, products, and service to you, our valued guests. We know how much customers like you look forward to visiting Las Vegas and we are committed to delivering products and services that make it easy for everyone to enjoy their stay at our hotel. I regret that these challenges left a poor perception of The Quad. I hope you will take some comfort in knowing that all customer comments are taken seriously. Your business is truly appreciated and we hope you will give us another chance to serve you again in the near future.I hope you have a good day, Really??? Epic Fail!!! Do not waste your time or money on this one!!
1	Casino awesome! Rooms, HORRIBLE!... Make sure you bring a full body condom if u plan on sleeping here, or perhaps create your own from recycled ones found in your room. No tide stick is big enough to clean the stains on the furniture and I thought my mind was playing games w me but in retrospect, the bedsheets were untucked upon arrival! My legs were sore from standing in my room and made sure I put my sneakers on for the long walk out of the bathroom to my suitcase in the other room, The casino was actually pretty cool but there is only one visible cashier all the way at the back which I thought was lame.Wouldn't stay here again!
3	My boyfriend and I came here for Valentine' weekend 2014 with another couple. We got in Friday mid-afternoon and were checked in within 20 minutes. Unfortunately, our friends weren't able to upgrade their room, but the staff did an awesome job of situating our rooms so that they were close to each other.The casino area/floor looks very nice and newly renovated. Oshea's is now located inside the Quad and it was poppin' every night in there! They have a few cheap tables, a bar and beer pong! I definitely suggest stopping in here. Having Hash House A Go Go and Fat Tuesday inside the hotel was an added bonus. Located right in the middle of the strip so location alone deserves 5 stars. They're building a new sort of ferris wheel, which is awesome!We got the luv tub room, which was incredibly spacious with a huge space for getting dressed/doing makeup which was my favorite part of the room! The shower was small, but besides that no complaints. The tub on the other hand looked super gross....we didn't even bother going in there considering I didn't wanna come home with any diseases. The bed was suprisingly super comfortable. This was one of the few times I slept like a baby both nights in Vegas. The mirror above the bed was a nice touch.Our friends' deluxe room was a bit of a disappointment however. It was on the smaller side, with stains on their bedding. It wasn't horrible for the price they paid, but definitely not a place you wanna stay, chill and pre drink in.Check out process on the TV was super easy and convenient. Parking is kind of a nightmare but we valeted when we got in Friday and just picked it up Sunday morning. Overall...A-OK hotel that I will definitely consider in the near future when they are further along with their renovation.
2	I stayed here three days, and had to make a one-day addition to my reservation several weeks beforehand.  Trying to find a live person was extremely challenging and changing the reservation via the web site was impossible.  It took me several hours to accomplish the small task, but at least I had the opportunity to really get to know their phone tree.  Arriving at the casino, check-in was speedy and service was friendly.  The casino floor looked as new as the other casinos on the strip, but relatively small and uninteresting in comparison.  The rooms themselves and the hallways were dilapidated to the point that the hotel looked abandoned.  Wallpaper was coming off the walls, the carpet was stained and wrinkled, and the ice machine didn't work.  But the rooms were relatively clean although they too looked old.  The staff was very friendly and often greeted me with a friendly "good morning" as I passed them each day.  Of course when I returned home, I had already received a spam email from them.  The good news; it was cheap.  Including resort fees, it was around $48 a night.  An NO, it wasn't worth it.
1	I wish I could give this hotel 1/2 a star. Maybe even take that measly little 1/2 star and chip away at it a little for being overly generous. We stayed at the Quad when it was still IP. When a travel agent booked your trip and you didn't know what the rooms looked like. First off, hell no. This is not even bottom of the barrel. I think abandoned crack houses have seen better days. An abandoned crack house would be more comfortable and nicer. The rooms were horrible. The elevators (all 3 of them) were broken down. On one trip, I was 6 months pregnant and HANGRY. You know, that point where you are no longer hungry. You're just pissed off HANGRY. You'll eat a big piece of wood. We ate at a burger place. $20 later and feeling like shit. But it spared my poor husband from having me committed. To be fair, I have not stepped foot in it since it became the Quad. I had to walk past the construction, numerous times. The building looks the same but with a different name. Tear that mess down. When I go at the end of this month I will go in the Quad and update my review. The 1/2 star is for the staff. Very friendly, hard working and nice. They are the D squad though. If you want scabies and hepatitis go for it. Otherwise spend more for better.
1	It was worst experience n the front desk name carman she was worst n she doesn't know the hotel rules & she was giving  me all wrong check inn hotel information & she was very loud n her tone wasn't good even hotel front desk manager Roland was rude & wasn't friendly he was saying if u want to stay or then we Dnt need customers we have lots of customer & I was very polite & just asking my baggage information & Roland made me waited for long & he didn't bother to helpMe & I was also the customer of the hotel but the front desk manager Roland & Carmen this people tht Dnt knw how to treat the customer & when my wife told him tht you talk to customer like this n he said loud tone who are you to tell me & mind your business & if he wasn't at the front desk then I would have taken him out & show that idiot Roland what kind of person I am. He is shit worst person I ever met & my quad hotel stay was horrible & I promise I will never ever go to quad Las Vegas hotel & I will tell all my friends & family not to go.. I have stayed in balagio hotel & planet Hollywood their staff are excellent & well professional. the The quad hotel staff carman & the front desk manager Roland was worst n he was the unprofessional rude n he was not good with other customers even with me! N I stayed in 15156 & my name is abhishek this will make Roland know who the customer I am. Even they have messed up my baggage & my things like cloths & stuff was damaged, so please please Dnt stay at this hotel as per my experience & when anyone go & stay I'm sure you will face worst & horrible experience..
2	Paid for the room online, got the hotel and had to pay an extra 22$. Said they "couldn't" upgrade us when we told them we were newlyweds. Pool was closed when we got there, balcony door was screwed shut so when the a/c didn't do JACK there was no way to cool down. People at the front desk were not friendly or helpful. Our room keys didn't work and we had to go back and forth a few times until they finally sent up security to help. I tried calling the front desk in the morning I even tried the bell desk but no one ever answered.  The shower also wouldn't get more than luke warm at night.
2	We booked our hotel through Priceline.  Thought we were getting a decent deal.  We were hoping for Circus Circus.  We gambled and got The Quad.  The Hotel is going through renovations, so maybe it will get better.  I did not see any bugs that is why the 2 stars.  We did however have to pay an additional $50 for a Resort Fee.  We though we were done paying, but no.  Should be illegal to add fees after paying an agreed price.  That is a scam where nobody wins.  We will never return there, we will never use Priceline again.  The staff and hotel were below average.  The best part of our stay there was they let us check our bags for the day, so we did not have to lug them around everywhere we went.
2	In dire need of renovation!
2	I stayed at the Quad for my stay in Vegas to save money with the group of people I was with (LOL 6 people in a double queen room ftw). The moment I stepped in, it smelled like a frat house with the sweaty, musty smell. Why not open the window to air out the room? oh right we can't BECAUSE THE WINDOW WAS BOLTED SHUT TT___TT the air conditioner blew out cold air but didn't help the smell dissipate. the view was actually pretty nice (we had a view of the high roller) so that was cool but not being able to open the window was like the view just being a big tease.We wanted to get ice for our wine and were going to use the trashcan but holy hell it smelled so bad D: uncleaned puke, anyone? we got two card keys and the second one stopped working on the second day (we stayed a total of two nights, three days) lol all these things are just kinda comical now.honestly, the room wasn't terrible. we didn't have problems with bugs or dirty bedsheets/pillows like others but I wouldn't stay again ever. even if I was saving money I would try to find a place better than the Quad.lastly, as just a pet peeve i didn't like how the doors have those asian inspired fonts... it was kind of weird and offensive at the same time.
1	THE WORST STAY EVER!We booked the luv tub suite 2 months in advance here. we go to vegas once every 2-3 months, so we are rather frequent travelers to las vegas. Hearing of  "renovations" supposedly being done to this hotel, being a kind of last minute trip we decided to give it a try.  First, apparently ALL suites at this hotel are located in the back of the hotel. This might make a little sense if it were to drown out the sound from the strip, but considering that the linq runs right next to it and the AMAZING sound of construction going on right below us, none of it made sense to us. We had a balcony, which we found out was locked when we got up to the room, though we weren't to distraught over it being that it looked like it had never been cleaned once (cigarette burns, stains, etc). Later on they told us that all balconies were locked. Which was interesting because when outside on the strip, you could see people out on their balconies. Maybe it was just our room. Cool.    Second, the "luv tub" was big ill give it that. Very outdated with no jets and takes about 20 mins to fill up, but we'll live. What wasnt to cool was the fact that it was DIRTY. Maybe they ran some water in it and called it a day, but the fact that i had to clean it if i was to go in wasnt in the description of this quality stay. Already a little annoyed i did what anyone would and called downstairs to possibly change my room. WE GOT AHOLD OF THE FRONT DESK ONCE OUR ENTIRE STAY!!! They would seriously not answer ever. Even if we called another department and had them transfer us, nothing. Our last day there we tried calling down there at about 930, let it ring for about 5 mins then set it down, took a shower, and when i returned, yep you guessed it, still ringing. Side note, using their blow-dryers might be a gamble in itself considering the broken one they had for us to use (picture).    The morning of the second day, which i tried calling again with no results, i went downstairs to talk to someone. The lady at the desk was very nice and understanding, though she said there was literally NOTHING she could do. So i ask for the manager. The manager, Cody, who was in the middle of sorting out some pamphlets of some sort, proceeded to step over a little to us, continue doing what he was doing while periodically looking up at me as he tells me there was not much he could do. He told the girl, not even telling us himself, told the girl to offer us our $15 dollar resort fee for 2 of the 3 nights back as a credit to either the flamingo buffet, the harrahs buffet or bettys diner. The buffet is $20 a person, so we would still have to pay about $15 extra after tax to even eat at one of the buffets. That defeated the purpose of this complaint. We could also instead upgrade to the next room up, the penthouse for a mere $65 extra a night. That was all he could do. I even asked to DOWNGRADE my room then instead to maybe a smaller one and get the difference refunded or as credit and that was not an option either (which is odd considering the credit it used at their resort only). By this point im at lost at the service i had just received and had no choice to take his pathetic gift of an offer. All in all, this was by far THE WORST experience i've had at a Vegas hotel. The WORST rooms and THE WORST service, assuming you can get any. I paid money for what? Maybe if they would have done something for all the inconveniences it would have counted for something, but nothing. They simply just didn't care. When i told him hed be losing a regular customer to vegas he literally just said "well im sorry".With 3 more Vegas trips already planned within the next 4 months, you can bet that The Quad is now off our list of places to stay. Not to mention our friends and family that will cross it off theres to. Best advice, stay somewhere where they actually care about their customers. If you do plan on staying there anyways and not take the advice of the reviews on here, TRY THIS before to prepare. Stay at your nearest rundown motel, burn your money and then call it a vacation. Its very very similar and still might be better.Sincerely,person whos never written a review for anything until experiencing this piece of heaven on earth.Cheers Quad. Impressive.
1	We recently stayed at the quad. I got a good deal from my friends with their rewards points so I thought it would be ok. When we first walked into the hotel it looked pretty nice. Lots of new renovations to the front area and casino. Check in was quick and easy. Our room was on the 3rd floor so we proceeded to the elevators. When the elevators opened it looked like they belonged in a completely different hotel. They were very run down and extremely gross looking. There was rips in the carpet and wood panels over some of the mirrors. Very sketchy looking. Once we were in you could smell the dirtiness and as it was going up it was to say the least scary! Felt like it would give out at any time. When we got to our floor the hallway looked just like the elevator! Stinky and gross!Hoping our room wasn't the same we went inside and to our disappointment it was. Stains on the carpet, burn marks on the blanket (in a non-smoking room) and wall sockets that didn't look trustworthy. Later that night we went to bed and right before we fell asleep the lamp shade fell off the hinge making a loud bang scaring the crap out of me. All we could do was laugh about how bad it was. Then at 7am we were woken by trucks backing up with the loud beeping sound and loud bangs and booms coming from the docking area. Apparently our room was right above it. At this point I had enough. I went down stairs and told the front desk about everything and she was very nice and upgraded our room to the front tower with a strip view on the 10th floor. When we moved our stuff to the new room it was just like our 1st one just with a pretty view. All of the rooms look gross and old. We knew someone else staying there and his room was just as bad.I would not recommend this place until they finish ALL of the renovations. The rooms desperately need some TLC!!!!
1	I sent a review in awhile back but I saw something online that just made me laugh. Caesers is now uping the resort fee to $20 a night!!! Are you f-ing kidding me? So for $75-100 a night plus $20 for a resort fee you get mold in your bathroom, stains on your chairs, bed bugs, nasty carpet, roaches for pets and just an overall great time!! Haha what a joke. I can't get on their website to complain because it is down! IMO avoid this place. I would say avoid all caesers properties but they own half of Nevada so that isn't possible. The sad thing is that nothing will change. They could care less as people will still pay gouged prices and the response from them will be "the customers asked for this!" What happened to the policy of no resort fees here. What a complete joke of a company.
1	Closed for demolition. That's what the sign should say instead they are open for business. This is absolutely the worst hotel we've ever stayed in. Holes in floor and walls  covered with duct tape. Mold on walls, mildew smelling rooms, dirty sheets and matresses, carpets filthy. Broken furniture, tub had Not been scrubbed in at least a year.  Health dept needs to close place down.
5	after reading some of the reviews i was afraid to stay there.  after checking into the room i was pleasantly surprised with a nice view of pool and flat screen tv.  sure the room is dated and if you are picky about your room and expect four stars this is not the place for you.  but for the money you cant beat the location and the rooms are clean.  in addition it is a great place to gamble if you like five dollar black jack and the dealers are really nice.  make sure you eat at hash house while you are there...the food is awesome.
1	lobby & casino - nice. rooms - FCKING DISCUSTING! Motel 6 would've been a better choice! Hell, they (motel 6) even have better everything!
2	So here is the real deal from someone who has stayed here many times, back when it was known as Imperial Palace to now The Quad.  I will not go into too much detail about what it was like when it was Imperial Palace because they did remodel some things so I am sure the majority of Yelp readers could care less about what the hotel used to look like.The casino itself is not that bad.  Yes, it looks somewhat outdated.  They are working on trying to make it more modern with the whole reinvention thing to The Quad.  Check out line is longer than what I am normally used to but it is bearable.  You will probably spend a max of about 45 minutes waiting in line and that is on the busiest day and you are trying to check in mid afternoon on a Friday or Saturday.  The casino is not the most aesthetically pleasing, meaning that there is absolutely nothing there that makes them stand out.  The only thing that it has going for it is that Hash House a Go Go is inside, but that is the ONLY thing.  They do have an Asian restaurant in there, I say Asian because there is no specific type of Asian food they serve.  They have Pho and Sushi, it is overpriced and not good.  Oh and buy ins for tables are on the lower side, so gambling is not too expensive there.  Parking is confusing as s***.  I have gotten lost so many times looking for my damn car because there is two parking structures that somehow connect and you have to take different elevators to get to different ones.  Pay close attention to where you park and how you got there, like take pictures or something, trust me, you do not want to forget where you parked and spend half an hour running around trying to find your damn car.  Rooms, in all honesty, the rooms are not that bad for the price that you pay.  They have the classic and the deluxe for standard guest rooms.  I am assuming all the people who are complaining about how the rooms are horrible and complete hell holes stayed in the classic rooms.  I am not going to argue with how horrible and crappy those rooms are.  They are the old, unremodeled, standard Imperial Palace rooms and I swear to you, if you pay more than $40 for that room on a normal non holiday weekend, believe me when I say you overpaid for the room.  Those rooms are old, so outdated and hardly anything works correctly.  However, all the times I have stayed there, they have been clean and no bugs or anything like that.  The deluxe rooms are a little bit better, slightly pricier, but slightly more modern and bigger.  Some things work correctly and some of the rooms come with a balcony.  That was the one good thing about The Quad, some rooms have balconies.  They are clean but yes for some odd reason all the rooms have an odd smell, not bad, but it smells old.  Room service is so slow, so just a warning on that.  If you want extra towels and stuff, you might have to call multiple times for it because they have a tendency to forget.  If you want to do a quick and cheapie Vegas trip, then the The Quad is the way to go.  The location is awesome, right in the middle of the strip.  If you plan on just being in the room to sleep, get ready and shower then The Quad is not that bad.
1	This was my worst experience ever. I've been coming to Vegas for 35 years. We checked it @5pm on Friday 3/7/14. We were in tower 3 but had heck of a time finding the proper elevators. They were actually behind the main elevators down a hallway. Not properly marked. Got into the room and slipped on my butt in the bathroom. Bathroom floor was dry, but the carpets were just shampooed. After complaining toreservations, they upgraded us to VIP. Got into that room and only thing upgraded was having flat screen TV. No other comps at all.  On sat nite we tried to park in valet. Was told they were full and to park in self parking. Went there and that was full. Had to park out in the far back. The only good thing was eating at Hash House. Will never stay here again, no matter how cheap the rooms are. My stars are negative 3.
1	I'm giving this hotel a one-star rating only because I can't rate it any lower.  What an absolutely horrendous hotel and experience.  I stayed there when taking my daughter out to Vegas to tour UNLV and it was the most reasonably priced room due to a NASCAR event being in town.  Let me start with the parking. Whoever designed this structure and approach should be fired.  Confusing as hell and talk about not being able to get here from there.  at 9:30 at night, Valet was full.  Really?  So I went to self-parking.  It took me 30 minutes to find a spot.  When I saw a Security cop on a bike, I asked him the best place to look for a spot and he told me to park in the lot across the street or at Harrah's and take the catwalk across.  Really?  Park in a hotel I'm not staying at?  I Finally found a spot and it took me forever to figure out how to get into the hotel.Once checked in, we went to our room.  The carpet was the most disgusting thing I ever saw.  Stains, tears and outdated.  There was no attention paid to this detail when they were remodeling.  I was hoping my room would be better, but I was disappointed again.  Same stains and filthy looking carpeting.Shower head looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years and the lack of water pressure proved as much.  And at 6:30 in the morning, there was hardly any water.  If I had long hair, I wouldn't have been able to get the shampoo out of my hair for a long time.When I checked out the next morning, I asked to speak to a manager.  I related my experience to her and all she could say was, "Thank you for bringing it to my attention".  No discount on the room (I wasn't looking for it to be comp'ed, but a list something back) or even an incentive to make me want to come back.  I then told her to learn what customer service is all about.  You want people to come back so make it worth my while.  All she did was turn her back and walk away.So, avoid this hotel at all costs.  Pay the extra money and stay at a reputable hotel.  I will never visit this place again!!
1	I will rarely give one star, however this room absolutely wrecked of cigarettes. The as soon as you step off the elevator you see the wallpaper is hanging  off of the wall. burn marks all over the floor these sheets, the mattresses you can tell have not been washed by the smell and the odor of old cigarettes. prices for the rooms were $33 per night however I stayed during the day so it was $66 plus $75 security deposit required. I suggest you not stay here
3	I was scheduled to fly to Las Vegas on January 5, 2014, however, my Newark Delta flight via Detroit was cancelled due to the weather. The earliest flight I could get to Vegas was two days later from JFK on January 7. My original hotel stay was at the Planet Hollywood, but, because my arrival was delayed I had to find an alternative hotel.I found the Quad, which was the former Imperial Palace on the strip. I never stayed here but, as a Total Rewards member their last minute room pricing was the most reasonable so I reserved a room. Big mistake.When I arrived I found the taxi had to drop me off at the rear of the hotel due to the hotel construction still going on. I noticed a lot of young people checking into the Quad I guess due to the low room cost. My check-in was smooth. As you can see from my room pics, my room was ok, which was fine. My only complaint about this hotel is the construction going on in and around the hotel. Some areas of the hotel are still well worn. The hotel location is fine between Harrah's and across the street from Ceasar's Palace.See the pics of my TR1724 room, which I paid $136 for the first night and $169 for the second night in early January 2014.I would probably not return here. I much prefer Planet Hollywood or any of the other strip hotels, which do cost a little more.
3	Casino = 3-4 starsRoom = 1 starThe Quad used to be called Imperial Palace (IP) and if you read my previous review on IP, you will know how janky it was. The Quad is a work in progress and in reference to the rooms, it has a long way to go.The casino in the Quad has been remodeled and looks way better than before. The chairs, lighting, fixtures has this red theme going on which I like. There's one casino area (closest to Harrah's) where there are a few playing tables, a DJ, and a bar. The dealers dress up as celebrities and the celebrity changes daily. When I was there I saw MJ, Beyonce, Usher, and Justin Timberlake look-a-likes. The dealer also deals in the manner of the celebrity so when MJ flips a card he did it as if he were MJ dancing. It was pretty cool!One of the new feature I like in The Quad is the drink waitresses aren't carrying a pen and paper; they have an electronic device (probably an ipad or such). When you're gambling and she comes by to take your drink order, the drink order is quickly submitted to the bar so when she makes her way to the bar, the drinks are already ready and she doesn't need to read out all the drink requests and wait for the bartender to make them. This was probably why my drinks arrived super-fast! (Super faded!)The Quad seems to have all my favorite slot machines and almost all the time I pass by, the machines are empty. Score for me! Playing my favorite machine and having my drinks flow, I liked that :)The rooms are the same rooms as IP. Janky! They may have bought new sheets and pillows, but the layout, TV, bathrooms are all the same. In time, hopefully, they will remodel everything else but in the meantime, I was digging THE CASINO. I still prefer Harrah's over everything!
1	Shockingly bad.  It only cost $75 for two nights so that is the ONLY redeeming aspect of the experience.  Normally in Vegas the hotel is part of the fun.  This place was dirty, I mean DIRTy, run down, smelled bad, lots of different bad smells depending on the location in the hotel.  The tub water backed up and didn't drain properly.  If you're getting it for next to nothing and you for care at all about the quality of the hotel, then go for it.  Otherwise, BEWARE
1	DO NOT STAY HERE! I'd rather sleep in my Car! HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE,   one of my worst hotel experiences. Great location but a dumpster to stay in. poor layout, disgusting rooms, terrible service, I was moved 3 times, rooms were NOISY, DIRTY, STAINS EVERYWHERE,  NO INTERNET, It was a living NIGHTMARE. I actually checked out and went to the Flamingo hotel next door, it was that bad. Never had to leave a hotel before. They also had a 13th floor, and I was checked into Room 665, across from 666, which was very creepy...Don't be fooled by the low prices, it attracts a very low end hillbilly clientele, they were marching through the chaotic lobby with coolers on wheels, and boxes of beer over their shoulders-get the picture?
2	The hotel rooms that haven't been slightly updated are bad. My room smelled of cologne and B.O. For lack of a better word. The rooms are small, I've asked if they have bigger rooms they do but they are pricey for the hotel. The casino floor is ok the tables are cheap of course depending on day, the outside has a brand new look but it seems like they put glitter on crappy place. I'm sure after they finish the remodel it will be better but til then it's at best a crappy motel 8.
1	Don't stay here.  No functional elevators and locked stairwells.  I literally had to make a distress call to the hotel because we were trapped an employee came to guide me and several others out.  Do not stay here!!   But do go to hash house a go go which is a great restaurant that requires no elevators or hotel stairwells.
3	CASINO REVIEW ONLY! They've remodeled since I've last been here and they changed to The Quad. They still have the "dealer-tainers" however due to the new remodel location being too close to another bar area and some crazy entertainment tax rule, they are no longer allowed to perform in the middle of the gaming pit. This is sad because now there are just dealers dressed up like old singers and you can't exactly tell who they are supposed to be... Blondie looked more like Drew Barrymore and Lady Gaga was about 8 months pregnant. Garth Brooks and Prince were good matches. Elvis was absolutely spot on and I wish we could have heard him sing! It got pretty loud since it was so close to the new O'Sheas location but they play good tunes so it was still fun. The cocktail waitresses were quick and kept the drinks flowing which is always appreciated. I loved the Imperial Palace for what it was - cheap and centrally located, so I'm sure I can learn to love the Quad too as long as they don't jack up the rates after the remodel is completed.
2	I stayed at the quad last weekend and was very disappointed with the quality of the rooms. There was no carpet in the hallway floor on the 9th floor where we stayed. It smelled of mildew and marijuana. The rooms looked clean despite the very low lighting in the room. Maybe they were trying to mask the antiqueness of the decoration. It was worse than a motel 6. The only positive review I have is that of the actual casino and restaurants/bars. They are all remodeled and updated. The Mexican restaurant and tequila bar was awesome. Great lobster taco appetizers and huge tequila selection. Did I mention the pool is closed ??? I hope that Caesars plans on remodeling the rooms soon. I would not recommend anyone staying there until the upgrades/ rooms are refurbished !
2	I stayed at the Quad in February. My dad got the rooms free because of the rewards program. The staff was nice and the downstairs looked great, but as my father said about me complaining " Son, you're only going to sleep there, it's vegas and it's free." He had a point. The rooms were outdated but it was expected. Also our hall smelled like pot.  I felt like I was in college at some frat dudes house during spring break. I knew what we were getting into and It was ok.
1	NASTY-FILTHY.  Stayed here for a conference.  First room...black mold in corners of room, dusty.... no cover on electrical outlet.  Bathroom was dirty (used dirty q-tip on floor) more black mold.  No WAY I would take my shoes off. )  I called front desk...no "clean" non smoking rooms available, but will move me to a "clean" smoking room.  This next room was just as filthy as the first. Only one elevator worked and it took FOREVER .  Third time is NOT a charm.  Moved the next day to the third room....Just as dirty as the previous rooms.  More black mold...carpet looked like it had not been cleaned in YEARS.  Bathroom had more black mold and like the other two rooms....MUSTY smell. I refused to put my suitcase on the floor and had all my clothes stacked on top of it.  there was no way that I wanted any of my things laying on ANYTHING in this nasty room.  I would not even sit on the stain-ridden chairs.  Everyone that I spoke to from the group I was with had very similar experiences.  last day there....had an early flight out...got up extra early to get in a workout.  Gym was supposed to be open at 6:00am.  Several folks waiting at 6:00 am along with me to get in.....called front desk and was told "someone should be there any second" 6:15am...no one there to let us in.  By 6:30 it was too late for me to get in a workout before my flight....Gym still locked.  thankfully our organization has said that they will NEVER book here again (over 200 rooms).
1	I just got here. Just arrived in the room and am abhorred at how terrible the room is. As my boyfriend is calling to switch hotels, I am writing this yelp review.First off, the room is terribly overpriced. For what this is, we should've paid $20/night.  The elevator and hallways are dilapidated. The bed cover has stains on it. There is popcorn and trash left under the bed. We can hear loud music from the strip below; I have no idea how people sleep here. The lady at the desk warned us that we could hear the music, but I didn't think that meant CLEARLY and LOUDLY. At least offer ear plugs. Don't stay here. Ever.
1	This place is HORRIBLE!!! Checked in and tried to check out immediately, but ended up stuck in this rat trap for 2 whole days. The casino and ground floor are newly remodeled which makes you think you're gonna have an enjoyable stay. Once you get upstairs it's an entirely different story. The walls and carpet are stained with who knows what throughout the entire place. When you enter the rooms, OMG, the place is saturated in cigarette smoke (even though it's supposed to be a no smoking room) and in an attempt to air the place out the "secured" door to the balcony was wide open! The bathroom wasn't any better and I don't have enought time or words to describe how horrendous it was. I'll just leave you with one example, there was hair stuck to the walls of a supposedly "cleaned" shower (yuck!!!)!!! As if this wasn't bad enough, when I was finally making my escape from this rat trap this morning I wasn't even able to take the elevator down. I had to walk down 11 flights of stairs (that's right 11!) with luggage! Needless to say, I will never ever visit this motel (I refuse to dignify it in any way by calling it a hotel) ever again! In all my years and trips to Las Vegas my stay at The Quad has managed to make #1 on my list of absolute worsts!!! Note to parents: if you have small children please don't stay here. I'm sure the medical bills for your babies will costs far more than you save by staying in this death trap! Unfortunately, I can't even give this place 0 stars because Yelp won't let me. I'll give em 1 star since they did have electricity and indoor toilets.
1	wish they had minus stars!The part that We was upset about was the fact that Monster Jam sponsored the QUAD as a recommend Hotel! that place was/is a DUMP and they couldn't pay us to go back there! they did redo the casino but the rooms were a shame, the carpets were dirty, the bathroom was very old! shower head rusted and looked like it came from the 60's and if you walked around in white socks your socks were dark brown in no time, the carpet was disgusting!OH! and about ice, 18 floors and there was only two floors that had a ice machine, REALLY???? The biggest complaint was the elevators! We was in tower 3 and it had 2 elevators working on wed. morning and then one was down(broken) and stayed down the rest of the week and weekend! that was bullshit!!!!!! it took at least 20 to 30 min's waiting for a elevator as most every time that door opened it was full, as all of those people in that tower had to use ONE elevator, 18 Floors and We can only guess on how many rooms on each floor and on Sunday with a lot of people trying to check out you have no idea on the wait to go anywhere using the one and only elevator! WE know your going to be SORRY for our experience but all your fans that you sent to that dump will agree I think you need to do a better job in the sponsoring of hotels! it's not all about money, most of us spent a lot and then to have to put up with that hotel experiences on top of the money made if tuff! there was not one couple We talked to that was happy with your choice (the quad) of Hotels to Sponsor!Pat & Linda
1	WORST PARKING SITUATION EVER.I tried to visit last night but ended up stuck in the masses who were like me, trying to find parking. After an hour, there was no such luck. Trying to get out of the mess was worse than getting into it. Don't even try to go in from Flamingo. There is outdoor parking but it's one lane each way and is congested at all times of the day. My advice? Park elsewhere and walk or use the monorail.  Or wait until the parking structure is complete.
2	What used to be the imperial palace is now called "The Quad". It's getting a lot of attention lately because of the linq. O'sheas is located inside it as well. It's facade has gotten a facelift and looks new but inside still looks dated. From what I hear they haven't done any renovation with there rooms just yet. Hopefully they will because linq is bringing in a lot of foot traffic. Parking is ridiculous ! And when it rains you better have a kayak because it gets flooded.
1	This place is absolutely disgusting! I was under the impression they renovated the rooms now that the linq is open...nope. I honestly have to question if this place is even legal. You couldn't pay me to stay here again
2	They may have renovated the outside... They may have renovated some of the casino gaming areas... But the rooms are still the same, crappy, smelly, dirty "Imperial Palace" of old.Our room on the 12th floor stank of mildew, the net curtains had holes them and the carpet had black spots all over. The balcony door was permanently sealed shut (presumably to stop people escaping) and the mattress was more like a hammock - a thin one. No bed bugs, as far as we could tell, but the sheets (while washed) were dingy and stained.You pay a resort fee, but you get no amenities in the room. No fridge. No safe. No coffee pot. But you do get something extra in the bathroom... A sink that doesn't drain properly!Even the Gideons gave this room a miss.Update: Automatic checkout on the TV has a customer survey option... Unfortunately, it didn't work! Wonder why?
2	Great location, rooms need TLC.The Good: The Quad is located in the center of the strip, across from Caesars Palace and between Harrah's and Flamingo. It shares a Monorail stop with Harrah's. It's also had a recent full exterior makeover, and added The Linq -- a pedestrian-only alley with shops, restaurants, and a 550-foot Ferris Wheel. Our check-in receptionist was very professional and courteous. Great blackout curtains. Blankets and pillows were comfy.The Bad: Getting to the parking structure requires going over The World's Most Horrific Speedbumps. I actually cracked my undercarriage exhaust on these. Go SLOWLY over these lest you want your fillings displaced. Parked, walked into hotel, was instantly accosted by the annoying "HEY YOU GUYS JUST GET INTO TOWN HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE A SHOW" people. We tried to politely decline, but these people wouldn't let it go, and we finally had to snap that we weren't interested in whatever they were selling. It looks like they renovated the major gaming area, but most ancillary areas are old and dusty and probably have been since the 80's.The Ugly: Every time you walk off the elevator to the hotel room floors, we are assaulted with the stench of stale cigarette smoke. Step into the room, and get hit with a wall of musty, damp, muggy air. I suppose you get get used to it after a while. Shower head has little water pressure. Mattress has big dips in it. Carpet is stained and dirty. Sink barely drains. I imagine this room was nice when it was new, but everything now looks battered and dirty.Great location, but remember you get what your pay for when it comes to room quality.
1	If I could give this a negative star rating, I would. We have stayed in Las Vegas numerous times and had seen the renovations to the front of the hotel occur. We thought that the cheap rate was a marketing strategy to get customers in the door. We thought we would give it a try on the last night of our honeymoon since we had to be up in the middle of the night to catch a flight. What a mistake that was! We had just stayed at the Wynn and had experienced luxury, but knew this would be nowhere near to what we had just enjoyed, but the Quad was ridiculous. It was quite a challenge to find out where to park. There is no entrance off the Strip, so we drove around in circles trying to find the unmarked road that lead up to the rear entrance of the hotel. We were initially going to valet, but could not find the valet through the maize of columns that seemed to be a custom obstacle course and somehow ended up in the self park section. The check-in process....... The line to check in was wrapped around in the queue a few times with only three attendants checking people in. The supervisor was furiously typing away on the computer, only glancing up a couple times to see the crowd in the lobby building. You would think he would help his people out, but whatever he was doing was more captivating than doing his job. Surprisingly, we only waited 45 minutes. We asked about a complimentary upgrade since we were on our honeymoon, but we were instantly turned down. We asked to be away from the elevators on a higher floor. The clerk complied with a room away from the elevators, but refused a room on a higher floor.On to the room.......The clerk put us in a room on the back 40. Corridor after corridor smelled of mold and sewer water, the carpet was severely stained, ripped away from the wall. The elevators were so old, smelly, and decrepit that they creaked with the slightest bit of movement.- not to mention they were slower than molasses in January. We finally got to the room and I was disgusted. I did not even want to sit down, let alone take my shoes off. I was expecting the furniture to be dated, but there was a ridiculous lack of cleanliness. You could have played Twister with the stains on the carpet. There was mold growing on the fire sprinkler in the bathroom and the ancient air conditioner wall unit. There was some kind of unknown stain on the upper part of the wall, I kept telling myself it was a footprint as if I could make it so. Every time the toilet was flushed, the stench of sewer came up as the paper went down and flooded the room. The ancient wicker nightstand was splattered with stains. You could not open the slide door that opened up to a Juliet balcony (fire hazard?).  Needless to say I "slept" fully-clothed and would not go barefoot.  Then, to top it off, the construction started around midnight on the huge ferris wheel in rear of the business and the road leading up to the hotel.  The jack hammers would run for about 20 minutes and then 10 minutes later when I was just drifting off to sleep it started up again. This went on all night until we had to wake up at 4 a.m. The positives..... Good location and I loved the waitresses that took your drink order electronically and then another waitress would magically appear with your drink a few moments later. That is something other casinos should use also. I cannot believe that Caesar's Entertainment would allow such a hotel in their chain. It would only to hypothetically take $500 to make the room decent enough to rent out for a higher price- put in fresh carpet, paint, and pay someone to properly clean all the mysterious stains everywhere.  Really Caesar's???!!!!! Don't be cheap!
3	giving it a bump for having completed their renovations and looking pretty decent. at least the casino area. big plus is they have a $30 poker tourney running all day. they're also connected to Oshea's so that's a plus. decor has picked up and staff don't look as dreary as when we came last year. we'll be coming back from MM '15
2	A very poor quality hotel. The casino floor is recently renovated, so was relatively nice and having a Hash House A-Go-Go certainly elevated the dining experience, but otherwise I would steer clear of this hotel. The toilets in the room do not have toilet seats, which makes it feel like a truck stop, and the hallway carpets were held down in spots with duct tape. The rooms were small, dingy and dirty and the staff was very curt and unfriendly. The location, however, is sitauted center Strip so at least you are within walking distance of a lot (Ceasars Palace Shops is right across the street, for example) but I would definately recommend other hotels. Harrah's and Best Western Casino Royale are in similar price ranges without the duct-tape carpets.
2	You get what you pay for. Great location but awful rooms! Smelly, dirty and very small. Elevators kept getting stuck. Room service was actually not that bad...asked for extra towels and blankets, got them right away. Overall those rooms have to get worked on badly.
4	The four star rating is STRICTLY for the casino and "deal-tainers" only.  I did not stay here and have no sense of guest rooms or even hotel service.During our stay, we ventured over to the Quad every.single.day. to play at their Black Jack tables. The location is just about center strip (next to the Flamingo and across the street from Caesars) and the casino just had a revamp (still some work to do, but mostly looks great).  The tables near the front door are considered the "deal-tainer" pit and its truly an experience. This is about to sound uber cheesy and well, it is a little but mostly tons of fun. If you're an ultra serious Black Jack player, then you'll probably hate this place.  The dealers are dressed as musical performers (Rick James, Zac Brown, Sheryl Crow, etc..), they deal for an hour or so and then perform on center stage for one song.   I know, I know... sounds terrible - but trust me - its entertaining, fun and just breaks up the game a little.  Yes, the games are treated seriously, it's just not as stuffy or stressful as some of the other casinos.  I am not a gambler at all really, but playing Black Jack here was tons of fun! If you're looking for something a little different, then go check out The Quad casino.
1	This place is horrible.  The rooms are filthy.  Grafetti in the elevators.  Elevators broken.  Carpets smell funny.  The whole hotel/resort is outdated and not maintained.  We saw trash left in hallways for over 24 hours.  Spoke with other guest in hotel and we all agreed we would not be back.    Last minute prices for rooms outrageous.  The only good thing was hotel was on strip.  Other than that I would think twice before staying here.
1	The Quad, formally the Imperial or so I am told. BEWARE - This resort is under construction for a while time period.so take that under advisement when checking in. Amenities like the pool are closed even though they don't tell you that in advance when you book the place. This was a check in on Sunday and check out on Thursday I am just going to start this comment out as SAVE YOUR MONEY AND STAY SOMEPLACE NICE!!! AVOID AT ALL COSTS IF YOU WANT A STRESS FREE VACATION! Dirty, dingy, disgusting, and noisy! They will nickle and dime you with any extras like WIFi! (I am surprised they didn't tag us extra for the pool that was closed due to renovation) NOT a place you want to stay if you have to learn about anything at a convention or training seminar!While there for the 2014 NAB convention in April, our stay started out on the 17th floor. The room seemed OK but on closer inspection had black mold on the bathroom ceiling (The one thing that could put me in the hospital), disgustingly dirty carpet, and it was noisy as hell at night until about 4 am when the loud thumping of the music in the surrounding bars stops. The response by the night manager was to get my girlfriend ear plugs. They next day, after a LOT of complaining, we were relocated. The first room smelled heavily of  Marijuana (What smoke detectors) and was grimier than the one we were leaving. Back to the desk and another LONG discussion we were given a room on the 6th floor near the elevator. While bar noise was far less, it was still present like a Chinese water torture. Noisy people in the halls 24x7 and to top it all off the sink was clogged and drained slow. We found out the hard way the pool was closed and added that to our complaint list. Stained hallway carpets, holes in the walls, old windows that don't hold any sound back. Oh yeah and there was something biting us in bed at night. We thought it was our imagination but both of us has unexplained red welts when we left. So, my girlfriend gets a call from Chase bank telling her card was overdrawn the second day we were there. It turns out The Quad had billed a bunch of erroneous charges to the tune of double the charge of what it was going to cost for the entire stay to her credit card. When confronted, The Quad staff denied to the end but most of the charges mysteriously were reversed by the next day. They also said it was a one off situation or this is how Vegas hotels operate. NOT! That issue is still open until she gets the actual credit card statement. While in the bell hops care, two of our bags seem to have been rifled through. Although we could not prove anything was missing its just food for thought.MESSAGE TO THE PARENT COMPANY - At least keep the place nice while you are renovating other parts of it, its not THAT difficult!!!  As a matter of fact, we were never bothered by construction noise the entire stay even in the last room that was right next to it. It was the overall condition of the rest of the building.For a Hotel that wants customers during its renovation I think there needs to be an attitude adjustment in their management. Most of our complaints could have been resolved very easily. While the check in people and maids seemed nice it generally, it was the management that sucked! Not an I'm sorry, or an upgrade during our stay for the inconvenience and they offered $40 refund that didn't cut the hassle. I am reporting them to the convention authorities so they are not included in next years favored list and their parent company who prides itself on exceptional customer service. If I could give them a negative rating it would be -10 out of a possible -5. However if you are deaf, blind and just going to gamble all night and sleep stay away anyway! This place makes Motel 6 in Oakland sound good right about now. I am looking into local health inspections and codes and filing a complaint! I wouldn't suggest this place for my dog, let alone people! I am thinking this would be a good place to shoot the TV show Survivor Las Vegas!PS I don't know where the high star ratings come from but I suspect the hotel is manipulating their ratings... I hope they clean up their act when they are done remodeling or this place will be closed within a year.
4	I just stayed here for 5 days for the weekend of April 9th. We wanted something cheap but yet something centrally located and somewhere we won't get pregnant just from sleeping on the bed. Checked in on Thursday and out on Monday. After booking the room I read the reviews in this place. I immediately regretted not reading the reviews first. But It was too late to cancel so I said f it and said we will try it for ourselves. I originally booked the cheapest room, which I think was the deluxe room. When we checked in the lady was very nice and highly encouraged us to upgrade to the next room... Then she very easily persuaded us by saying the next rook up is only $10 more a night and the she told us the room I booked was remodeled about 18-20 years ago () but the next room up was only $10 extra a night and was remodeled 8-10 years ago. We were immediately sold.  She then asked if we wanted the noisy side (facing the strip) or that quiet side. Us two being there to party, we requested the noisy side. I asked if there was a refrigerator in the room. She said they are $10 extra a night but she said she will throw it I'm since we upgraded. That was very impressive. We got to the 10th floor and found our room. Going into this with a bad taste after reading the yelp reviews I expected to be disgusted. I was pleasantly surprised by the room. It was actually decent. Nothing like staying at a fancy hotel but it got the job done. Now we go to the bad things:All sinks drained very slow Parking was kinda scarceThe elevators smelled like weed ALL DAY EVERY DAY. The entire building smelt like cigarette smoke. The carpet in the hallways/rooms needed to be quarantined. Overall, our stay was pleasant and I'd stay there again based on the value. Give this place a chance unless you're a princess, then stay at the Palazzo. Hope this info helps. Btw, if you like to party, go to the pool at the Flamingo.  It's 21+ and a blast!
1	Me and my wife are here for 7 nights and I wish it was none. We arrived at this "place" my wife calls the dump at 1am in the morning. We get to the desk only to find out there was a "Resort Fee" that was supposedly disclosed at the time we purchased our package, it was not and the lady at the desk is very unhelpful and more then happy to print were it was on the sire. Again not listed so were out 125 for a resort fee and 75 dollar deposit. I did not want to argue them as I was sure it may have been in small print somewhere on there site that would require an electron microscope to see. We were facing Lav Vegas Blvd and there was a band below our room blasting music. They warned of this at the check in desk and said they stop about 3am. So hey were in Vegas and gambling till three is cool, so that is what we did. Went to sleep and got up the next day. Took a shower and guess what. The water in the tub did not drain, FYI we were on the 12 th floor in a smoking room. So I went down to the front desk and requested a change of room as they offered it due to noise and of course no draining tub water. They neglect to ask about a smoking room so we end up in non smoking. This will not work as my wife smokes, so we request another room. We get another room and we notice it is warm, so I crank up the AC to max and tell my wife lets go and eat and come back it should be cool. Guess what, I think that the lower levels of hell may be cooler then the room was when we returned. Since the patio door has the following message and I quote " Notice for your safety and the safety of others we have permanently closed this door. Please do not try to open it thank you for your cooperation." there was no way to cool the room with the night air. So now my wife gets on the phone and tell them in no uncertain word her thoughts about the condition of our room and our experience up to this point, understand we not been in Vegas even 12 hours at this point, that this was not going to work either. So we move to the 4th room in this adventure. finally we have one that is acceptable. let me define that, 1) water drains, 2) AC works. Side note the resort fee is for internet and a exercise room. The internet was so slow that  , "even after purchasing the Premium service 1.5 mb down and calling tech support twice for slow speeds" it never worked. I could never get enough bandwidth to connect to the net. So I went to Wal-Mart spent 200 dollars and got a straight talk WiFi hot spot just to connect to the web. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE consider my experience before booking here. I am sure if they put money into the Hotel at some point it might get better. NOW IS NOT THE TIME
1	My boyfriend and I booked a deluxe room at this hotel for our last night in Las Vegas. The moment I walked into the hotel I knew it was a bad decision. You first have to take the elevator from the self-parking to the lobby - the elevator floor is stained completely black. The hallways to the hotel check-in area/casino were absolutely disgusting, they had trash all over and were mostly black from stains. Once we had checked in, we went up to our room. Our room had this terrible smell or urine and was very dirty, I felt uncomfortable to sit on the bed for even a second. Even my boyfriend, who doesn't care too much about how clean the house is, was disgusted. We immediately went back to the front desk and demanded a full refund - they cooperated with the refund without asking why/what caused us to want one, which was this biggest up-side to this hotel. I find it VERY hard to believe that they are still open with how disgusting and dirty the hotel is - NOTHING is sanitized whatsoever. It is even harder to believe that our nightly rate was more expensive than the Luxor and the same price as many other nice and CLEAN hotels on the strip next to The Quad. I would much rather stay somewhere else for this rate.
5	OK OK...warning, before you read this, I AM NOT A MAJOR GAMBLER. OK, phew...with that being said, I HAD A BLAST AT AT THIS CASINO!! I actually played blackjack here, which probably doesn't mean much to some, but I'm notorious for playing penny slots (all day, b/c I'm a "baller") but I actually played blackjack for several hours here. The dealers play two roles, dealer and entertainer. At this casino, you will see dealers that impersonate Tina Turner, Rick James, Zac Brown, Janet Jackson, Beyonce, Shakira...the list goes on and on. My favorite dealer was Zac Brown...he was just so much fun, so energetic, and really entertained our table (all of us were friends at the table) for hours! We had so much fun that we went back here every day of our trip (we were there for four days) but the Saturday/Sunday dealers were a lot more fun than the Monday/Tuesday ones...prob because the Casino was less crowded during the regular weekday.While we didn't win big, we didn't lose either...which is always a perk! If you're interested in a laid back, CASUAL environment (think t-shirt and shorts) while you play blackjack and listen to your dealers perform their big hits, this is the place for you. Good luck...mama needs a new pair of shoes!!
1	Do not stay here!!!! I don't Care if you're broke as hell, sleep in your car! This place was such a dump. They tried to charge an early check in fee, which no hotel in Vegas ever has (I go at least twice a year). Then I was charged a resort fee. How DARE they charge any fees for this place. They are under construction, they don't have a pool, and only 2 restaurants in the casino, which both sucked. No Starbucks, no quick food...nothing. So I get my wifi password and later come to find it's only good for one device, which no one told me. I called the manager, she said that's the rules, and the resort fees are done by every hotel. I said every hotel isn't a dump and at least has a pool. She wad rude and unapologetic. So i get up to my floor and the entire carpeting is duct taped, walls are FILTHY, and wall paper is coming off. Ice machine was broken and instead of them telling me they'll send someone up, they told me to go to another floor to get ice. Ok...then I get in my room which was decorated by one of the golden girls. There were seminal fluids along with cigarette burns in the drapes (on my non smoking floor), the shower had a black ring around it because when you shower the water doesn't drain and I had to shower with my sandals on. I slept in sheets which I saw in the morning as I went to make the bed, were covered in period stains that my daughter and I both slept in. I complained, no apology, just sent me new sheets and never took the blood stained ones. There were a couple other things that I won't mention because I called the health department on them and would rather have them penalized for it then having them fix it. Don't be fooled by the pictures, they are not for that hotel. I called travelocity and complained and they graciously computed my for my next vacation which will never be remotely close to the quad.
4	After reading all the horrible reviews, I was questioning my decision to book the room here, but it was the cheapest deal and right on the strip in the middle of the action so I went through with it. I came with the expectation that the floors would be disgusting, the walls falling apart, vermin on the floor, and having to sleep on top of the covers, so we came prepared with extra slippers for the floor and sandals for the bathroom, even an extra sheet for the top of the bed. We got to the hotel and it was pretty hard to find the parking entrance from the back so we went around to Las Vegas blvd. and on LVB, you have to be quick to see the entrance to the garage sign or you will pass it right up. It's just a small sign, leading you to an underground parking entrance to the structure. It is very confusing but you don't have to be a genius to figure it out. Thank goodness for the handicap placards lol.Anyway, we got to the hotel registration and I asked the lady at the desk if the absolute earliest time to check in was their 4pm check in time. She had told me if I was Total Rewards member that I could check in at 12pm at the earliest. It was 11:15 am and the Total Rewards players club is free to sign up for, so I was super happy about that because I looked like crap from my early morning drive. So definitely sign up for the players club to get an early check in!Got to the room on the 17th floor (mind you we were expecting the worst). The room looked basic but clean and nice. The famous floors were somewhat dirty but acceptable. The bathrooms were clean also. The bed is very comfortable and the pillows too. The tvs are updated flat screens in the basic rooms, not a lot of good channels but you don't need tv in Vegas. Our view out of the window sucked, due to it being just a view of the other side of the hotel but we did get a cool view of the top of the new High Roller wheel and it's beautiful at nightOverall, our experience was very pleasant. Don't listen to the bad reviews, just try it for yourself. It's not the Wynn but you're not rich either. Just go for fun. Definitely will return here before the rooms get renovated and go up to the normal "strip" price.
1	Dear Lord,I have never in my life had a worse experience than the one at The Quad. I should have checked yelp first! After our week long camping adventures, we decided to stay in Vegas to recharge our batteries before the trek home. My bestie and I normally stay at Caesars Palace but we were (for some idiotic reason) feeling like trying something new. Worst decision.The valet guys were actually really awesome, I rushed out of my car and forgot a few things and they ran all the way to my car to get them and bring stuff to me. All the while I chatted with another valet and found out he was from San Diego and went to same high school as me. I regret not getting his name he was awesome.Anyways! Upon checking in we learned that the pool and half the hotel is closed? What? We called and made reservations specifically at The Quad because they said their pool was open. So add lies to the bad rap sheet on this place. The clerk said we could use The Flamingo pool, and it was better anyways... Ok still keeping my hopes up?  The lobby and hotel is half under construction. It actually looks pretty good, but it's just masking the shit underbelly of this place. The elevator was scarey and decayed like the rest of the hotel, carpets nasty and stained and kiss marks on the walls.... Did we accidentally walk into a crappy motel 8? Then our room. A tiny disgusting space where the outlets didn't work, the sliding door to the patio was jammed and a crack was stuck open, and there was a brown mystery stain on the bed? Ahhhh! And then......THERE WAS BLOOD STAINS on our sheets!!!! Attached are pictures, this was it... I couldn't keep my cool after blood stained sheets. Seriously how does that even happen. Ugh. My friend and I ran down to the front desk and demanded to see a manager. We waited a while and he finally shows up, Mr Cody Thull. Well this guys was terrible, for being a manager he did not handle the situation correctly at all. First he had a security guard come over, for what... his protection? That made us both feel uneasy at the unneeded use of intimidation. He then cut us off short and said "just what can I do for you..." And we hadn't even told him about the sheets. We showed him the pictures and he said he will get us another room. To which I said " a clean room with no blood stains and working outlets? " he flipped his little head on me. I wasn't asking for a penthouse upgrade little man, just a clean room... but he turned all red and said " I'm trying to help you, show me some respect! I can only get you another room! " And kept telling me to stop giving him attitude... He babbled on like that for a while. I eventually stopped him and told him that he wasn't helping us at all, and for what we had to deal with he should have been more accommodating and apologetic. I read his name tag, to which he responded " ya that's Cody" and then spelled it for me... And then asked if we were happy and everything was ok now, I said "Hell no, you handled this situation very poorly." He actually laughed at me and said "oh in your expert opinion I guess?" He is a horrible representative of this hotel. It seemed almost like finding blood on sheets and horrible experiences where the normal for him and this hotel. And he can belittle customers without any consequences. This is your job to deal with unhappy customers, if you don't like it get another job Cody.They wouldn't even let us out of our reservation. I asked to speak to the hotel general manager twice now but he is always "away." This place is awful. Scary. And you could possibly catch a disease if you stayed here.
3	This hotel was the Imperial Palace. It is exactly the same as the Imperial Palace, except that they made a few remodeling touches inside and outside of the hotel and of course the name change. It is still pretty janky and old, but it does the job. If I'm on a budget trip, this is my go-to hotel. It is in the middle of the strip, great location, great price, and very convenient to go anywhere. Yes, it is dirty and the casino sucks, but you can always walk around to better hotels to hangout and gamble. I'm here literally just to crash and rest. Just get super drunk and you won't realize the rooms are dirty and smelly.
3	This is a really old hotel..and the rooms look like they are straight out of the 80s or 90s! All the old art is still hanging on the wall an the beds are quite gross! I'm pretty picky (and prissy!) about hotel rooms but these rooms are so cheap I can't even complain. Anybody expecting a luxourious room should NOT stay here. I don't gamble much so I like the cheap tables at the casino downstairs. The casino looks nice enough after the remodel and they kept the cheesy "Dealertainers", which I like. Honestly, I'd never stay here again but I wouldn't mind visiting the casino.
1	What a horrible nightmare of a hotel! I did not and could not stay at The Quad if someone paid me to do so. The hotel is the most poorly kept facility that I have ever seen. Several groups yes groups immediately checked in and checked out for that very reason. The staff's response to this was to scream at them stating that they can't make them stay, so go! The elevator was filthy, the hallways were filthy. It's as if they don't care at all.  After seeing our room I tried to convince myself that I would be okay for one night. Seeing the stains on the floor, the walls, the sheets, and even the furniture brought me to tears! Literally tears! And we checked out, seconds later an went to another hotel. You get what you pay for but hotel deals don't equal having to slum it up.  The ONLY good thing about this place is the Hash Hash a Go Go restaurant located inside. I recommend to just eat at the restaurant and leave. And thank your lucky stars you didn't book this hotel.
2	Literally, this hotel is a "you get what you pay for" hotel. Its pretty janky and dirty but Im usually just there to rest from partying. If you're on a budget and just wanna go to Vegas to party it up, then I would say stay here. After a while, you'll probably be too drunk to notice the dirty floors and walls lol but if you're looking for something fancy then definitely don't stay here. I stayed here for a last minute trip and it was alright. The O'Sheahs bar in the casino is super fun. They had beer pong and the crowd was fun and rowdy (what I like). Its next to flamingo and they recently opened the Linq, which is really nice and pretty. It has a lot of day time things to do. I don't mind staying here cuz its in a good location. Pretty much in the middle of the strip so close to most tourist locations (across Caesar's palace, fat Tuesdays down stairs, few min walk from planet Hollywood, etc.) If you have the money to stay somewhere nicer than do so but if you're just here to party all night then sure why not lol
4	My husband and I stayed here back in Feb. Was a little concerned with the mixed reviews. We got into Vegas around 8 on a Friday night. The valet was full but when we told them we were checking in they took our car anyways. Upon check in with a total rewards card you get to go to a separate desk so had a speedy check in. I was done before my husband was in from the valet. The front desk host was wonderful asked about the trip in and when I told her how I was a bit anxious about the room due to the yelp reviews she was kind enough to upgrade our room to the luv tub room. We stayed three nights and it was really affordable. Had a discounted rate through total rewards. The room was large and clean. The tub was huge it took about 2 min to fill. Great for a romantic weekend. They have a mirror over the tub and over the bed. Really my only complaint would be the fire alarm going off each day the first morning it was on our floor and around 9 am the second morning it was on a different floor and a bit later but still not fun. Took them a good 10 min to figure how to turn them off. Drink service was good on the  casino floor one person came by to take the order and about 5 min later someone else dropped off the drink. Still a lot of construction being done, can't wait to see it completed.  We will be going back again. With it centrally located with was a breeze to get to Treasure Island to New York New York.
3	My bf and I stayed here while it was remodeling. Unfortunately, we still got one of the old rooms. =(  The wait to  check in was horrendously long, but fortunately there is a Fat Tuesdays there.  So, that saved the day. While my bf waited to check in, I got us Fat Tuesdays!  Location of the hotel isn't bad. And it seems like it'll look pretty decent once remodeling is all done.  I would give it a try again.
1	Don't let the nice new casino and great restaurants fool you into booking a room here. Above the first floor it's still the same gross smelly run down hole it has been for years.
1	Dear lord... this hotel needs some work bitch.Fight happening in Vegas + Cinco De Mayo weekend + May the Fourth (be with you) = EXPENSIVE JANKY HOTEL. aka THE QUAD.What a terrible resort experience... no no, it is not a resort. I felt like I was staying at a construction site. May 4th weekend proved to be an expensive one, and all hotels on The Strip were at least twice their normal rate. Even this stink-hole went for nearly $200 a night, and that was the cheapest I could find for this weekend. RIDICULOUS!But the "pros" got me: middle of the Strip, easy access to Caesars, Harrah's and Flamingo, and would be within a reasonable distance from my go-to spot Planet Hollywood.But the "cons" way overtook any pros that ex-Imperial Palace could ever offer. I cannot believe I could be so cheap and I apologize to the ladies I stayed with for putting them through such a travesty. Hear me out:1. Our room was disgusting. Hallways smelled like piss. Weed all over the place (my  ex-RA senses were flying off the charts!). Room had terrible air conditioning to beat the summer heat. Floor felt moldy and wet, carpet peeling!?!? What in the world!? It was a mess.Additionally, I had put in a request to get an accessible room with two Queen beds. When I checked in, they told me none were available but that I could try check out a standard King bed room. How could they run out of accessible rooms when I had already booked it? We ended up with an old, small room to sleep in. Great...2. Was told wrong information about being able to use the Caesars Palace pool. Since the Quad's pool was closed (gee, I wonder why), they allowed us to use Flamingos. I asked them if we could use Caesars instead since they are owned by the company, and the receptionist says "yes, of course."LIES! We ended up wasting an hour of our day walking over to Caesars Palace, only to be rejected at the door. What a disappointment! We were furious!! We complained to the management but all we received was a "oh sorry about that." Don't give me that "DGAF" attitude! Huge huge turnoff.Really though, I did have it coming. I booked the cheapest place on The Strip for the weekend and this is what I got. What a mess. I will never stay at The Quad again, even if they do claim they've "renovated" the place. This resort is an absolute mess and they know it.You deserve better. Stay somewhere else!! (and good luck!)
1	All of Vegas was booked and of course this place has vacancy. I would've been happier sleeping in my car. Parking is crappy and rooms are worse than your local roach motel. If it's between this or the roach motel- I pick the roach motel.
1	This was probably one of the nastiest hotels I have stayed at. If you are looking for a cheap hotel try to avoid this one. I found multiple roaches running the bathroom, the sheets had stains on them, and the entire place has a funky smell. I think the only plus side to this place is that it is right on the strip and walking distance to most of the hotels. Definitely not coming back here. You can tell that the owners of this place do not give a crap about this place.
4	This is just for the casino.The Quad has improved quite a bit with their very open environment and friendly dealers.  The dealertainers are still around and the place just looks a lot cleaner.You can find machine roulette tables from $3 minimum ( they let you bet $0.50 on black/red, etc), just the total needs to add up to $3.You can still find blackjack and craps for $5 (as long as it's not crowded).
1	Burglary happened at this unsecured dirty hotel.Someone got into our room and took cash, car key, wallet, camera, laptop and so forth.  RUINED our weekend.What did hotel do for us?? NOTHING.   One of rude hotel representative called me and said..because their "lock report" indicated that no other key was used, SO it's our fault and blaming on us that we left the door open.  I asked how should or does "lock report" work? and she said "BECAUSE I AM TELLING YOU AND I DON'T LIE."This unprofessional women gets worse.... If you don't wanna ruin your vacation, spend little bit more for BETTER hotel.This shitty hotel is1. Unsecured2. Dirty3. Expensive 4. Poor serviceThink about it!! Do you really want to stay this hotel??  It will definitely ruin your vacation or holiday get away.I should've read reviews before ....
3	My first review. Not bad considering the awful reviews. Paid about 350 for 3 nights(fri,sat,sun) room was clean. Hallway rugs could use replacing but it didn't smell.we did have a room away from the night noise.my only complaint was occasionally the elevator was slow( I believe due to work on other towers) staff was pretty good. We checked in early and it was free if you had a members card or signed up for one before check in. If money was tight and I wanted to go to Vegas I would consider this place again. Very conveniently located.
2	This hotel is old smelly and dirty. It did have an awesome drag queen show. I would have to say that I thought they did a great  show. Wish the were more organized at the beginning. And if the came out for people further back to see them. I won't plan on staying here ever. But would consider a show there again.
1	Oh, the shitty, dumpy Quad.  If it wasn't a Caesars Entertainment property and I wasn't a Diamond Player, I'd probably give it no stars.I had a couple of stays here over the years, and I was pretty disappointed to learn that pretty much only the name changed, and everything else stayed the same from back in the Imperial Palace days.Pros:- It had to be one of the cheapest Strip properties available if it wasn't comped.- Most of the rooms had balconies.- It was right next to Harrah's, and the positioning of it was prime.- There was a Hash House A Go Go on the property.- Unique casino layout.  A lot of the "dealertainers" were celebrity lookalikes and put on their own show.Cons:- Stains.  Everywhere.  Of every kind.- One visit took switching rooms three times before I was finally able to be placed in one where everything actually worked, and housekeeping had actually been there.- Although balcony rooms are usually awesome, sitting outside here was reminiscent of being in some type of far eastern prison.  Lots of concrete and those old-skool windows with the lattice wire inside of them.  Noise continually echoed everywhere.  Neighbors two floors up and three doors down were constantly shouting at everyone they saw from their balcony, asking for money, cigarettes, and drugs until the wee hours of dawn.  Nice temple/pagoda architecture though, kinda.- The slowest elevator banks I think I've ever encountered anywhere, casino property or not.- Huge lines and wait times at the front desk, even for Diamond and Seven Stars players.- The saddest buffet I've ever seen in Vegas.  Dark, dank, and I saw grease literally oozing out of everything.  I couldn't see paying money for it, as it wasn't passable even being comped.  Fortunately, I got spared without food poisoning or major sickness. - Way back in the day, a couple from Missouri got held hostage in their room here by a criminal dressed as a hotel bellman, and the woman was unfortunately raped.  Although things like this can happen anywhere, based on some other reviews here, it looks like more than one person has had issues with getting robbed in the middle of the night due to faulty locks and what not.No offense to Caesars Entertainment, but this property is the bottom of the line for Vegas, and really shouldn't be in their property umbrella.  Check other properties, especially if you're paying for rooms.  Think twice about this place, even if it's comped.
2	You get what you pay for. When my friends/hubby and I come to Vegas, we normally leave late a night, and since we don't want to pay in full at our usual hotel, we get the cheapest room for the first night because we just need a place to sleep till we check in the next day to our actual hotel. We get the cheapest room, and well , the cheapest room is dirty, dusty and icky. During our last trip to Vegas on superbowl weekend, we stayed a night here, and boy that was a horrible idea because my allergies started to kick up once we entered the room. That lead the way for my whole weekend to be ruined because of my allergies. So since that horrible experience I've promised myself never to do that again, and just pay a little more for a room that won't kick up my allergies.
2	OMG!! Please read all the yelp reviews, all of them are definitely true. The only reason I stayed here was because it was the only hotel that was available. Since, this was a last minute trip it was booked on our way to Vegas. The rooms are small, stink and need major improvements. The hallways carpets are really dirty and outdated. The elevators are small and stink when you first walk in. For the amount you pay on this hotel booking, try to invest on another hotel. I think the stratosphere is much better then this place. They don't really have a lot of gambling tables. If they do not a lot of people are winning. What I really did like about this place was the divas show. I love how Marino put the show together and divas made my night a little better! It's located in the middle of strip and O'shea is back! Please don't think twice, don't book here!!
1	Woooooooowwwww. I never complain. This place not only has the worst rooms on the strip, it might have the worst service in the world. We gave it a chance because we love the imperial besides its bad reputation. I was sent a picture of an upgrade selling the whole "new" quad. I was lied to. Same ole nasty disgusting hotel with terrible service. The machine stole my $3 and the front desk didn't want to give me my money back when we stayed here 3. Days and never used their room service. I can understand liquor, but this was water!!!!!!!!!!!!never again DO NOT COME TO "THE QUAD" AKA HE SAME STINKY INCONSIDERATE IMPERIAL
1	I can't give this place any stars!  It was by far the worst place I have ever stayed. What I can't believe is that The Quad continues to promote themselves as newly renovated......it is a dump!  I'm so angry that I paid to stay in this gross hotel. Never again!
1	I give it one star because there is no zero option. They like to trick you and tell you it has just been remodeled .. HA! They only remodeled the OUTSIDE so that you are fooled into thinking that the rest could be pretty ok. First of all there is a wait for the elevators at all times, it takes you about 5 minutes to get into one and then you have to drop at least 6 people at their floors. Then you get out the elevator and u are greeted by the hall way of horrors .. horribly stained carpets and holes in the walls everywhere. Once you get to your room and you are terrified.. u walk in and the carpets are burned and stained .. there is rust all over the bathroom. The clocks in the room don't work and neither to the sockets. BE CAREFUL while plugging anything in you might get electrocuted. Also i was so grossed out by the cleanliness of the room, I didn't go under the covers and used towels as blankets. You call the front desk you don't get the front desk but an answering service asking you where u are trying to call. NO WIFI even if they tell u there is and its free.. NOPE you will not be using that. OH yeah and did I mention i saw 2 hookers come out from the room next door. Do not stay here.. all the other post are lying about how it was okay and how its remodeled.. IT IS NOT. I checked out the next morning as everything else was already book. Checked into Planet Hollywood and it was AMAZING.
1	One word: DIRTY!!!! I've stayed in smaller, unknown name hotels several times and they were much cleaner than this place! Registration staff was not friendly. I tried making conversation with her because of long awkward silence and her responses were very short. Oh and we checked in on a Monday night, which means they were not busy at all...so no reason for her to be in a rush. Bathtub had rings of dirt around it, wallpaper peeling, bathroom grout dirty, toilet leaking & even had a water mark: signs that it's been leaking for a long time! Rug was stained. Casino and the outside have been renovated, very nice. But as they say "don't judge a book by its cover!"We were given a password for free wifi, but code never worked even after I called the front desk several times to have it reset. Will not be staying here again.
1	This is the worst hotel I've ever visited in Vegas (almost 20 years of visits). But I will say that Caesars plans to renovate the hotel rooms starting this year, which should make all the difference. But for now, you should avoid staying here like the plague.The public areas, however, are very nice. The casino and main floor are unrecognizable from when the property was the Imperial Palace. There's lots of open space and every visible surface looks new.The biggest asset is the connection to the LINQ district with the High Roller observation wheel and tons of restaurants and shops.PROS- Dirt cheap- Renovated public areas- Connected to the LINQCONS- Dirty room- No hot water- Resort fee ($22) that gives you sub-standard Internet access (500kbps)TIPDo not stay at the hotel until the renovations are completed.
2	Avoid the parking garage elevators if possible. Doors take FOREVER to open, even when pushing 'door open' button. Other than that, I have never actually stayed here so my review is not for the hotel part. I LOVE Hash House A Go Go and they are located here, have been since it was originally called Imperial Palace.The casino is SUPER old and dingy. When I saw that the name and exterior had changed, I was in hopes that they would upgrade the interior, but it doesn't look like they got to it yet. When we were there, some of the guest elevators were being updated, or at least they had a sign saying they were.The casino part seems really small, and it has that old stinky smell mixed w/ cigarettes, not very appealing. If you decide to go to Hash House, but aren't able to take the escalator up, they have an elevator but it is the TINIEST elevator ever!!! Maybe room for 2-3 people and that is it. When you are walking on the casino floor it is easy to pass it because it just looks like it would be a support beam, its that small!!!#flagproof
1	Disgustingly bad. Don't do it. Seriously please don't. bad bad bad bad bad like months later I'm still full of regret so just don't
3	First let me say, the reviews of this place freaked me out big time, but we were already booked. The hotel entrance and casino are absolutely but the elevators and hallways are creepy. Very reminiscent of "the Shining". Our room however, was cool, clean, and the bed was very comfortable so I guess we got "lucky". The Quad is doing renovations as you can hear and see construction taking place. I do think this place has some potential once the renovations are complete I think it will be a nice place to stay. Plus you can't beat the location as it's right in the middle of the everything on the strip. Might I add, I do think the resort fees are a crock seeing that it's not much of a resort! But anyway if your end up staying at The Quad....Good luck!!
1	This was my first time in Vegas, and I was trying to be thrifty to save money for gambling and drinks. I now know better.I stayed here with my boyfriend for four days. There were puke stains in the corners of the room, the AC made it smell musty, and you have to let the showers run for 10-15 minutes before getting any real hot water.The real kicker was that the customer service is crap. BEWARE: Behind every smile is a lie. Between being charged a bogus resort fee (that they obviously don't put back into the hotel) to the lies about the shuttle service to the fact that you get treated terribly by most of the front desk staff, I will not be spending my money here when I go back. So, if you're thinking of staying here, you're better off staying at a Best Western. I am not even kidding.
3	Well I have some history with this place. Firstly, Its in the perfect location and Secondly I simply cannot believe that the casino was once the IP! The Rooms: Welllll as of right now they are still the old IP rooms but they are clean and will serve your purpose (especially because you're not paying an arm and  a leg for it)The casino is large, modern and new. Beware of the elevators, but other than that you're golden staying here!
1	I completely understand that construction needs to be done to the hotel to improve it. However that construction does not need to start at 6:30am! It woke us up and it was horribly loud so we could not get back to sleep. They could not move us until 11am. So much for our sleep! Also, the hallways smells like sewage. When my friend called housekeeping to request a few more pillows, the woman she spoke to gave her a huge attitude. And I think the beds are made of concrete. Do not be fooled into staying here just because it's cheap. It's cheap for a very good reason: it's horrible!!
1	Flophouse. Formerly the Imperial Palace, only the name has changed. The location on the strip is prime, but the building should be demolished and rebuilt. The only reason I'm giving The Quad a one star rating is because I haven't figured out how to give it a negative rating.  Navigating the nightmarish layout from the self parking garage to the hotel was made extra special by the young man urinating while his buddies unloaded their beer coolers from their car.       Checking in was ok, but just ok. The staff is friendly enough. The elevators are small, slow, and dirty.         Everywhere in the hotel has filthy, stained carpet and walls. Evidence of human DNA is everywhere. Let your imagination run wild. I did. Bathrooms are outdated and gross. Let's talk about the ten person bath tub/shower with ceiling mirror for just a moment. The drain... doesn't. And cleaning those monster tubs can't be easy, so I think they just skip it altogether. Shower shoes are recommended. The ceiling mirror above the bed adds another touch of class. Walking around the room in your socks is not a good idea. The dirty carpet will only ruin them. Again, shower shoes.                        The irate drunk male in the hallway shouting F bombs about how unfair his life is at one o'clock in the morning (for about an hour) was nice, but the 8 a.m. construction project on the floor above was really great.We did not bother going to the pool. Our hearts just weren't in it.Look, you get what you pay for. And if you are under 30 and are looking for a place to party, then The Quad is for you. But if you are a grown-up with self esteem, go elsewhere.
1	No. My friend had a free room here, so we booked it just to have somewhere to shower after leaving a day club and before heading home. The elevators were really sketchy. The parking garage was dark, dirty and sketchy. Our room smelled like rotten eggs. I think the source was our clogged sink which filled up with black water. I didn't even want to shower for fear that it was the water, not the sink that was producing the black mystery substance. Everything in the room is just outdated. Carpets in the hallway are dirty. You can't tell how long anything has been there or how clean it is. Looking at the photos people have posted here freaks me out even more. Everything just sort of gave me the heebie jeebies. Maybe it is a fine place to gamble, but I wouldn't pay to book a room here. They should just tear it down and start over.
1	If you're interested in just throwing your money away, stay here. Otherwise, pay a little extra, go on the Hotel Tonight app and hit up the Venetian or the Wynn.The good news about this "hotel" is that the front desk staff are super friendly. They really make you feel welcome. That's just the staff that are checking people in, but not really the management - which if you do end up staying here, you'll most likely need to complain to one of the managers.The bad news is something I could spend days talking about, but for the sake of brevity, I'll summarize.They put me in room 1385, which has a 2 ft stain on the carpet, so I asked to be moved. They moved me to 1637 (which was an ordeal, but again, the front desk staff are super friendly). The problems I had with 1637 are really too many to count. Nasty bathrooms, nasty tub, broken lamp, non-draining and nasty tub, outdated everything are just a few to name.A really nice surprise was a blood stain on the carpet next to the bed. Very appealing.I complained to the manager in the morning who was pretty nonchalant about the whole thing and told me that it was just wear and tear. Nice. He told me that I should have just stayed at the Wynn (because it literally was about $20 more that night on Hotel Tonight). I asked him if I could quote him on yelp and he just threatened that if I quoted him with his name, they will take legal action. So, I won't say his name, but I'll just tell you that he had a gnarly frohawk. He was probably sick and tired of hearing how bad their rooms are and stuff like that.I snapped a few pics (thank you iphone) so you can get an idea of what to expect.
2	One of the worst on The Strip. Though cheap (actually free because of bf's sister's basketball tournament thing), but still I was amazed at the lack of quality in our hotel room because it was on The Strip. Some elevators were under construction, so there were always long waits to go up or down because of the lack of in-use elevators. Fat Tuesday, a bar, was placed right outside the elevators too, so there was a crowd once in a while around it. Then there were lots of drunk or tipsy people getting on the elevators and they were somewhat rude and annoying. But that could have been anywhere else in Vegas really.
1	I woudl not be giving this joke of a hotel any stars, but you can't post with out the stars. This was the absolute worst experience I've ever had in my life, and I'm not new to staying in hotels.I am so mad that I didn't come look at the reviews. I usually do, but we were given very little time between getting the OK from my husband's job to when we left and the Flamingo, which is where we wanted to stay since the wedding we needed to attend was there, was completely booked out.So since The Quad is right next door, I figured that would be our best bet. When we arrived and checked in, everything seemed fine and clean and I didn't have any issues with them. Then we get on the elevator and realize that the elevator is scary and vandalized...neat.Once we get to our floor, floor 12 in tower 5, the door opened up and we both had our jaws dropping to the floor in disgust. I try not to be too judgemental, but when I don't feel safe in the hotel where I will be leaving the majority of my things, I am not a happy camper. The hallway had holes in the walls, dents in the lower part of the walls, all kinds of stains, gum, blood, drinks, other bodily fluids, etc. We got a smoking room, for my husband, and when we walked in, it smelled like a person who had smoked for 80 years and it was emenating from their pores. Smoking is not appealing to me and usually, there would be a vent of some kind to blow away the smell, but there wasn't even a bathroom fan. There are sliders that are sealed shut and no other windows.I thoroughly looked over the bed before laying down and with relief, at least that seemed clean. I don't want to think of the possibility.The bathroom was very disgusting. The water didn't drain when the bathwater was flowing, but it did when the shower was on. There wasn't an option for a bath, not that I would have wanted to bath in that tub anyway. There were foot print stains on the bathroom floor. I honestly have no idea how that place is okay'd to stay open. It is a health inspector's nightmare!We had to go to our room to grab our things for a wedding and on the way back out, we saw a man trying to vaccum. I found it comical as it was not improving the carpet at all. All and all, as a customer service representative myself, I would have remodeled the rooms, hallways and elevators since the way they've remodeled is showing they prefer to deceive their customers into staying in a decent hotel. As a customer, I would have been much happier if the lobby was crappy and my room was nice and clean. Thank God for our last night, we stayed on Fremont at the Golden Nugget and that was our saving grace!! It was gorgeous! I think I will book there from now on.
1	So I have a long history with this hotel,  as imperial palace that is. I have never had such a disgusting room.  We stayed in the pet friendly room which is amazing that they offer. Don't get me wrong on that.  However,  the room was just wrong wrong wrong.  The room was down in the "dungeon." We literally had to get in one elevator,  go up one flight then go around the corner and get in another elevator and go up one flight.  The carpets were all stained and kept down with duct tape. .. there was literally duct tape all over.  The wallpaper is pealing off everywhere.  When trying to locate an ice machine as well as the pet relief area,  staff was useless and sent us on a wild goose chase.  It was a terrible experience and I'll never do it again.
1	I usually go to Vegas  3 or 4 days once a month for business but this is so far the worst experience of my life, i decide to make my reservation in this hotel  because I was taking a few days off work and this place was perfect because of the location and the affordable rates but still $195 per night is not cheap, the lobby and Casino looks very nice the  big surprise is  when you get to your room, the elevators are falling apart, the room is filthy smells like an ashtray and pee , the carpet is sooo dirty , when I call for an  early check out the staff was so rude,  i call the total rewards and they were able to move us to Paris hotel for $80 more of what we paid before, Paris was a total different experience,  sorry The Quad but never again! !!!!
1	Absolutely horrible hotel.Staff was nice, and friendly.  but this is where your good experience ends. My room was on the 18th floor.  When the elevators opened, I was immediately greeted with a the stench of week old beer vomit that lasted my entire stay, (5 nights).Carpets in the hallway were horribly stained.Upon walking into my room for the first time, I found a used bar of soap and a dirty hand towel laying next to the sink.I'm all about budget hotels, saving money, etc...etc... but basic cleanliness can never be skimped on, regardless!!I will never stay in this hotel again, and I will make it point to tell friends and family to never stay here either!!
3	Not gonna lie, I was expecting a disaster prior to coming here. After reading so many of the negative yelp reviews I was feeling pretty reluctant about my trip. Yes there were some questionable stains and the shower had some drainage issues but everything was pretty clean for the most part when I arrived. There was an empty alcohol bottle on the porch though. Room service was not the best. We requested extra towels and blankets and it took 3 hours to arrive after calling the front desk. Since we packed 6 girls in one room we ended up paying only $10 a night so can't really complain. We went for new years and really only were in our room to sleep and get ready. Elevators do take forever during busy times. On new years there were super long lines to get in the elevator and for some reason they wouldn't let us take the stairs. Don't know if this has changed but the pool wasn't open. Would've been nice to go in a Jacuzzi. Definitely check out the little cafe near the gift shops here. They have really good wraps for a decent price.
1	The absolute worst hotel I have ever been to. Comparable to an awful and cheap motel 6. First, we checked in and our room had large stains on carpet and chairs. The room had a musty smell and was not pleasant to be in. And the sink in bathroom did not work, ran the water and it clogged up instantly. We called the front desk to get switched to a different room and that was not a problem. The second room still had stains all over the floor and still had a musty stuffy smell and feeling. We decided to just suck it up and stay at the hotel. Then we decided to order room service for a bite to eat. WRONG IDEA. Got the chicken noodle soup but it also came with a dead fly in the soup. Disgusting. So we called front desk and guest services to speak to a manger instantly because we wanted our food refunded as well as some sort of accommodation made because of the awful conditions of the rooms. The guest services employees told us that there was nothing that they could do for us and that maybe their hotel wasn't up to standards for us and that we should probably check out and stay somewhere else if we are so unhappy. So that is exactly what we did!! Checked out instantly and left. They didn't try one bit to keep us as customers. The most disgusting and poorly ran hotel that I have ever been to. Will never return and I will be sure to never recommend The Quad to anyone I know. Not to mention as I was checking out and getting my refund I told the manager "I'm sorry I can not stay in a disgusting place like this" and he said to me "don't worry, I wouldn't stay here either". This hotel should be shut down.
1	NEVER NEVER NEVER STAY HERE!!!  This place is a shit hole.  A motel 8 would be better.  The rooms have old mismatched furniture from the 80's with all the wear and tear.  The elevators are missing buttons and the hallways have stained and peeling wallpaper and carpet.  After a night out and going to bed at 4am, we're woken up at 7am with loud ass construction just 50 ft away with banging noises every few seconds from the 15 story trash shoot.  Called to get our room changed and called front desk 4 times and no answer, just kept ringing.  Called concierge 2 times just to be told I'll be transfer and transfer again to dead air!  Finally on my 7th attempt of calling concierge did I get transfered to front desk to get a room on the quiet side of the hotel.  Dont be fooled by the price even tho $100/night is not cheap and it's center strip.  I paid $45/night cuz I had their player card, but there's still a $20 resort fee on top of that every night.  It's not worth it!!!Stay away!  You might just die here from the hauntings. It's a miserable shit hole.
1	The Quad should be demolished--not "under renovation" for who knows how long. I would call it an apocalyptic ward, not a hotel. It a disgrace to the strip and should not neighbor the new Linq. To start, the front desk agents are like withdrawn zombies banging on computer keys who probably don't talk or smile because they don't even know where to begin on explaining why their computers are always down, why you have to wait in line for an hour, why management can't be found, why the elevators are broken, why all the rooms are disgusting so there's no point in requesting a new one and waiting in line again, and so on. So instead they stare off into space at the front desk; or they zombie walk their way into vacant rooms to eat.. er *clean*.. the blood off the curtains when they're short on housekeeping staff. Maybe the renovation is actually a ploy where the CEOs and zombies are working together to trap drunk gamblers in the destitute maze they call the Quad. There's bizarre signs to confuse you, loose carpet to be tripped on, wobbly escalators to fall on, ancient elevators to get stuck on, and noisy construction to drown out your cries for help when the zombies take over. All sarcasm aside, it's still kind of a scary place. And if you do need to call for help, good luck with the bad cell service. At least you paid the ridiculous wi-fi fee, so you can email your friends and family and warn them about this place!
1	Well, I would leave a post, but all of the posts saying it was DISGUSTING, ARE DEAD ON!!!  DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!  You can expect filth, leading ceilings, LOUD BAND UNTIL 3 AM, FILTH, I did say FILTH RIGHT????  They will lie and tell you their rooms are updated, NO only a few of them have been.  Stained and dirty floors, walls, the whole room!  The hotel elevator had a hole in the wall covered by a bare piece of THIN plywood!!!  READ ALL BAD REVIEWS AND TAKE THEM SERIOUSLY!!!  Look at all pictures and BELIEVE WHAT YOU SEE!!!!  DON'T STAY HERE!!!!!!!!!
3	I spent 2 nights here about 2 months ago. The Quad is located in the middle of the strip. It is the lowest casino hotel in the Caesar's chain. It's definitely still outdated since it was formerly known as the Imperial Palace. To be fair, they are still in the middle of renovations. I'd give the place itself 2 stars at the moment. The only reason I give 3 stars is because I received very good service from everyone that works there.They have a 24hr Hash House & Guy Fieri's Vegas Kitchen, which are a plus. It's a good place if you're looking for $5 games on the strip(as opposed to $10-15 minimum at most strip casinos).This review could be updated once the renovations are complete.
1	Horrible Horrible Horrible!!!We stayed here this weekend and it was one of the worst hotel experiences I've had, our first night, we had a late flight so we checked in after 11pm, when we got to our floor the stench of marijuana was absolutely overwhelming, we get to our Double Queen room, one of the queen beds had a horrible odor, clearly the sheets were not changed from the previous guest and the pllows smelled even worse than the bed, the next morning when we woke up and had light we noticed on the stinky bed several reddish/brown stains, absolutely discusting.  I called the front desk and they said I have to go downstairs they could not help or move me to another room unless I went downstairs, ok fine!! there is only one working elevator for all of tower three, so I get in line and wait 45 minutes to go to the front desk so they can move me to another room that is supposedly clean. I'm glad I took pictures of the bed stains, the rude front desk girl was very aloof and had a "what the hell do you want me to do about it attitude", when I showed her the picture of the sheet she agreed to move us and removed one nights resort fee.Getting in and out of the hotel was a nightmare with only one working elevator.  After Friday night the front desk no longer answered the phone, we were trying to call for later check out and I had to call the (800) number from my cell phone to reach them, that was the only way, if we called from our room the phone just rang for hours.Also getting a drink from a coctail waitress in the casino was impossible at the slot machines, they never came, and when we finally spotted one, she said we had to find the girl with the iPad, and then she could deliver after we placed order with the iPad girl, ok we found the iPad girl and placed order and 25 minutes go by, and we spotted the coctail waitress again to tell her still no drink and she said "Oh sorry the system is down so they can't fill iPad orders right now" then she took our order, why didn't she just do that to begin with, I hate this hotel!!!I hope along with the remodel, they either send the very unprofessional employess to people skills and customer service training or clean house and hire professesionals who know what customer service is.I won't stay here again!!!
2	I came here specifically to play in a poker tournament I found about online. The parking structure and the entrance to the casino were very confusing and took forever. As we went to the pay for the $30 buy in, we were informed it had changed sometime last week to $50. This information was not updated on their website and they would not honor the lesser price. frustrating.
1	Do not stay here! This place is falling apart. Defiantly not what was advertised. The elevators take forever and are usually to full accommodate any more guests. You are better off spending your money on a room at the Flamingo.
3	Caesars Entertainment has done an excellent job on the remodel of Quad so far. This review is for the casino, not the rooms. The rooms are not finished at the time of this review.The old Imperial Palace, now renamed to The Quad, was in serious need of a remodel. The casino looks much more up to date now and it is much cleaner. O'sheas looks great and they have a few good restaurants in there. Yard House, Hash House a- go-go, and a couple more. It is on the North side of the Linq, so there is plenty of things to keep you busy.They have a very friendly and helpful security staff. The rest of the staff is also very nice. You need to stop by and check it out if your in the area.
1	This place is horrible, went with a group of friends and as soon as we got there it was a crappy place. Being that the hotel is on the strip you would think there be an excellent upkeep but NOPE! That's not the case at all! As soon as we parked we noticed that the hotel elevator smelled kind of funny, and didn't sound like the most secure elevator at all. We go and check in and the front desk person tells us that they'll being holding my security deposit AND the charge again but they were specific as to why (I called my bank upset and they told me that it's the hotels issue, the bank didn't have a problem releasing it).We FINALLY get our room and we head up the elevator and notice how run down the hallways look. It looks like a hotel you'd see in a shady part of town and want to run in the other direction. Not cool. Walked into the room and OMG! The looks on our face were probably priceless. We turn  the light on to see the bathroom it looks like it wasn't cleaned properly, it honestly looks like they wiped it down really quick and moved on. We go and see the bed and we see there's a HUGE crack on the wall! I'm not even sure how it got there! The entire experience was crappy for what I paid for and especially being that it's on the strip you would think it'd be better. My advice, pay the extra $20-$30 to stay in a nicer place, your in vegas you deserve it!
1	This is not a Resort, it is the Last Resort.  Terrible place.  Do not stay here.  The room was stinky, there were stains on the carpet and on the walls.  I saw a roach in the bathroom.  The shower didn't work right and the tub wouldn't drain.  So when you shower, the tub fills up.  We found out, on our own, nobody told us, that the pool was closed.  Why are we paying a $22 resort fee when there are no resort items?   No pool, no coffee maker, nothing.  In the middle of the night, someone tried to break in to our room.  This seems to be another issue at this hotel.  Break ins while you are sleeping.  To top it off, the construction woke us up at 5:45 a.m. We were on the 12th floor and it sounded like they were taking a wrecking ball to our tower.  We jolted away and ran to the window to see what was going on.  It was very LOUD!!  It even shook our room and we were on the 12th floor!!!  I tried calling the front desk but they didn't answer.  I let it ring for over 20 minutes and they still didn't answer.  I tried that 3 times.  We decided to check out one day early, so much for my daughter's 21st birthday celebration.  When I complained at the desk the girl asked if we had tried to call the desk to complain.  I told her we had but that nobody was answering.  I finally talked to the manager.  I told her that they should not book rooms next to the construction noise and that they should mention on the website that there is ongoing construction.  She said it was on the website (it is not) and that it has been going on for over a year- as if that explains it all.      Even though they are doing renovations there is NO EXCUSE to not clean the carpets and wipe down the walls.  There is NO EXCUSE for not dealing with the plumbing issues which are rampant in that hotel as was stated by others we met.  There is NO EXCUSE for not answering the house phone.  When I told the manager that they don't answer the house phone because they do not want to hear the complaints, she said, "I know."  Very telling.  To their credit they refunded my money, except for the $22 resort fee.  Do not stay here.  It is worse than a Motel 6.
1	This place is gross, it is nothing new and the same old Imperial Palace.  I did not stay here, I only walked through the hotel to get to the Quad.  The parking structure was gross, small, and hot.  We had to walk through a dog relief area to get to the casino entrance. It smelt like raw sewage and the elevator smelt the same. The down button didn't work so we had to press up to get the door to open.  Hold your breath in the elevator because the air is hot and stinky.  I would hate to see the rooms based on the elevator and parking structure.  Walking through the hotel the walls have major dings and dents and a ton of dirt on them. The carpet was disgusting and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in years. This hotel is clearly mismanaged and does not take pride in their appearance or in their cleaning.
4	I really like The Quad for gaming. They have cheap Blackjack tables and the restaurants inside like Hash House A Go Go are awesome. I also like the new LINQ area that has been built in between it and Flamingo, which has a bunch of new bars and places to shop. I am not the biggest fan of the Sportsbook at this casino, but there are plenty of other Sportsbooks in the area. I am a Total Rewards member, so it's even more appealing for me to gamble and spend money here. I normally stay at the other Total Rewards casinos like Flamingo, Caesars, and Harrahs. I decided to give The Quad rooms a try this coming weekend, so maybe they can earn that extra star this coming weekend.
1	This hotel was horrible! Let me start by saying, do not stay here! To start, they gave me the wrong room, on purpose.  No one answers the phone at the front desk so I kept having to go downstairs to resolve anything. The toilet in the first room was filthy, covered with fecal matter and the shower was clogged. Once I got into the larger room which I paid extra for originally, it sent any better. The rooms are nothing like the website. Instead, they are the same, old, disgusting rooms from the Imperial Palace. There was a puddle of urine, literally, under the sink, as if someone has just gone wild in there and house keeping did not care to clean it up. When I checked out, the front desk refused to give me my deposit back that I paid in cash because they insisted I ordered  $100 worth of room service, which I never did. They were rude and thieves. I will never stay here again.
1	Definition of a roach motel with cockroaches working behind the front desk. I say its a waste of money remodeling "the quad" "the linq", "imperial palace", whatever Ceasers is calling it now-a-days. I say save the money and level it. This place is disgusting and stinks! Worse than the worst motel 6 on the planet! Employees are such jerks too.
1	If I could rate this less then a star I would. I made reservations for my daughter and her girlfriends and when they arrived they charged her an additional fee for every night for the additional friend. That was just the start of a shitty night. She was then put into a room that smelled so bad and the patio door was broken. When I spoke to the night manager they treated me horrible. The front desk actually told my daughter there were no other rooms they could move them to but when I called and explained about her asthma they then told me that they could move them, amazing a room showed up. DO NOT STAY HERE AT ALL. Burnt furniture from smoking and broken patio doors...Also NO FREE WIFI. They charge you if you want Wifi... Everyone has wifi so I thought. There is also no frig or safe. So basicly NOTHING HERE!!!!DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
1	I wrote to the Corporate office and they assured me that they didn't "intend" for my vacation to be ruined.  I told them to check out the reviews online as they really did not understand the mess this hotel is in.  However, things have not changed here so obviously they do not care.  I also complained to the health department (mold, plumbing issues, locked balconies, locked doors on the stairways) but they seem to not care as well.  So, my only advice to all of you is to not stay here.  If you do have a problem, complain to the corporate office.
1	This place is ghetto! When I came to the front desk to check in. The girl told me it would be an additional charge if we wanted to check in before 4pm. Unless I became a rewards member. So I had to stop checking in  and get a rewards card at another window. I waited there for about 10 to 15 minutes. Right when the lady was ready to take me she didn't. She took a platinum player before me. Which I understood. I finally got back to check in I walked up to the front desk and asked the lady if I could check in. She told me "I am not ready for you when I am I will  call you." I was shocked  and backed up. She then called someone else up there instead of me a 6 month pregnant woman. When I was helped by another person I tried to complain about what happened but that lady just ignored what I said.Checking out was a lil dumb. The book they give you says there are 4 ways to check out. The  TV checkout didn't work. Tried calling they didn't answer. So I went down stairs. Tried to tell that lady how none of the above worked. She didn't care all she said was do you need a receipt. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!!!!!
1	Never again! This place is gross. Dirty stained sheets, windows that don't open, bathrooms with no locks! Stayed here for 4 days.. housekeeping NEVER ONCE CAME. Why don't you care?! :(Oh, they give AAA discounts but you need to tell them before you book..
1	Horrible. Spend a few more bucks and stay at Harrahs or the Tuscany if you don't mind walking a little. Some people would say you only need the room for sleeping anyway, and their mostly right, but when the air conditioner is so loud that it keeps you awake and the shower has standing water in it, your visit becomes that much less pleasant. Believe these reviews. They are completely accurate. They should have bulldozed this cesspit instead of remodeling it.
1	This place had an awful smell. I mean AWFULThey only had two elevators servicing the towers, I took the stairs 7 floors up just to find out they were having construction and HAD to wait for an elevator.If you want to save money sleep in your car.
4	not sure what room all the other reviewers have ended up in but our room was clean, didnt see any stains.  the only thing not making this a 5 star is that the room layout and furniture has to be pushing 10-15 years old now.   The casino has been redone and tables are relatively inexpensive.    lets be honest here... who spends more than a few hours sleeping or pre-gaming in thier hotel room in vegas anyway!
1	The Quad (Formally the Imperial Palace) is in the middle (I hope) of renovations and upgrades. Its casino has been the obvious recipient of much of the time and efforts so far. The casino is up to date, has lots of options, and is for the most part easily navigable. The food, is another area that has gotten some attention. Guy Fiere's new restaurant Vegas is located in The Quad as well as Hash House A Go Go (open 24 hours). Both were solid choices. There are also lots of choices in the surrounding area that looked inviting and had good menu choices from Mexican to Pub food. Unfortunately, The Quad has spent what appears to be NOTHING, upgrading their rooms. The hallway carpets have gross stains on them and there is an unpleasant smell throughout. The rooms are stuffy- and the air conditioner appears to have been set only to reach a certain temperature- only the fan worked in our room and during a Vegas summer, that just doesn't cut it. The lighting options are pretty minimal in the room, a table lamp, and bed lamp. The bathrooms are in need of a serious steam cleaning and a magic eraser. The carpets in the rooms desperately need to be replaced and the furniture could use some upgrading (Though they did have flat screen TVs). The wallpaper is peeling and there was a sizable water stain on the ceiling of our room as well. The patio doors don't open anymore, which is unfortunate, I think this could be a nice feature. No free wireless- you pay an extra $9.99 a day. The Quad's pool at this time is currently under renovations- however, as a guest you have access to the pools at the Flamingo and Harrahs right next door- which was a nice accommodation.  I paid a $22 resort fee each night... I'm not sure what I paid for with this. (You only pay $28 at Caesars and you get gym passes, free wi-fi, local calls, etc...) WARNING- the doors are pretty light and you should be sure that your door closes before you walk away. A security guard that was patrolling the hotel floors warned us that there had been a higher volume of thefts) The area's around The Quad (Between The Quad and The Linq) have all been upgraded and are beautiful. The walkway to the High Roller attraction are great- lots of fun food options and a new Kitson store... Hopefully The Quad continues to upgrade and renovate their hotel, as a whole, it just doesn't fit in with the surrounding area. Of all the Caesars Entertainment properties, The Quad is dead last on the list of choices. I've stayed with Caesar's properties before, and I was pretty disappointed with the overall quality of this hotel. I wasn't expecting, say what you might have at the newly redone Cromwell, or at the other higher end properties, but I did expect cleanliness, and a basic level of quality. Caesars Entertainment should have thought about closing the property completely before renaming and opening it to the public. I would be skeptical to return even with renovations to the rooms...
2	Am I the only one who mourns the death of the Imperial Palace? Sure, it was rundown and old and kinda crappy. And, ok, you probably couldn't have paid me to stay in one of their rooms. But it was dive-y and had a fun element of adventure to it. But bring in The Quad...In the grand trend of no theme (I mourn the loss of theme resorts too) and just prettiness, The Quad has aimed for just that. But on the cheap side of that. What once was an adventure is now a non-distinct walk through a bland casino. There is nothing to entice you to stay here. The table games aren't even that cheap. And there's nothing to see. It's an air-conditioned refuge from The LINQ and the hot summer heat. And that's about it. And the parking garage still sucks.
1	Hands down the most sketchy hotel I've ever stayed at. Some friends and I did one night on the strip and one downtown. They brought their dog so we stayed at The Quad because of their "pet friendly" policy. I understand about the renovation construction but not only was it way difficult getting to the room (two different elevators) but the pet friendly rooms were in the crappiest wing of this hotel. The first room we got to smelled of piss and the second of cologne. They advertise a $25 pet fee but charge $39 plus "room upgrade" fees to the old crappy rooms. A friend recommended this crap hole because it was affordable on the weekdays on the strip but turns out its way too expensive and nasty if you have a furry friend. The next night we went to the Super 8 downtown and not only was it WAY WAY nicer and cleaner but also much more affordable.  Super 8 motel is hands down nicer and cleaner than The Quad!!!
1	COCKROACHES on the 17th floor (and I'm sure throughout)!!! This place is a complete dump! "The Quad" brands themselves as a new hotel, but it is just the old Imperial Palace (see previous reviews). We were there 4 days and had 3 different rooms in the first two days:Room 1 - shortly after check in, we were grossed out by the terrible smell.Room 2 - we moved rooms again after the first night because this room was right over the live band that plays in the outdoor courtyard until 2:30am.Room 3 - this room was fine until the morning of check out when we saw LIVE COCKROACHES. My wife obviously freaked out and bolted for the door and I appropriately dealt with our special guests (and took a photo as evidence).We will NEVER be returning!!!!
3	This is my 3rd stay at the Quad after they started the renovation and I can see things are improving for the better. The front facade and 1st floor area is done and I was told the new rooms will be available Oct 2014 so can't wait. I'm a Total Rewards member so can't really complain for the comps room for 3 nights but they definitely need to be renovated soon. Cleaning ladies did a wonderful job every morning.  The Platinum registration folks made our check in / check out easy and pleasant. Victor was our casino host and he definitely took care of us even comping some of the food we charged to the room based on slot play. Ordering drinks at the casino floor was so easy as 3-4 different servers kept my comp drinks coming. We really enjoyed the big portion food at Hash Hash but one of our late night goto place @ Ginseng 3 has closed.
5	went to vegas to celebrate my bday. the last night there I went to the quad to play a little....and the bartender named Richard was soooo nice and chearful. made my night....he made some delicious drinks and kept them coming. even tho by the end of the night I lost my money I'm glad I went there.
5	I can only report the casino and not the rooms.   We stayed at Caesars, but did most of our gambling here.  After getting horrible beverage service and dull ass dealers at other resorts, we felt like we hit the jackpot at the Quad. The "celebrity" dealers they have here are so friendly and engaging.  Billy Joel deserves a promotion.  This dude is so good, your not Pissed when he takes your money.  Rick James, Michael Jackson, and'Bette Milder were awesome too.  Their live performances were cool to watch. The beverage serice was so damn good.  I had to say no a number of times to the lady walking around with the ipad device taking orders.  We will be back and suggest this place to anyone.
3	It is what it is. The hallways smell a bit weird, the entrances smell like they soaked the floors in Eau de Douchebag cologne, but the AC worked, there was hot water for a shower, the bed was "okay", and the room we got, which I think was a disabled king ben sized room, was cleaned daily. How often are you going to be in your room where much of anything else is really important? It's Vegas, go out and do something! It's not going to be a night at a fancy-schmancy place, but it's on the strip and has a decent casino, restaurant, and a few bars. It was fine, and while they figure out the name (The Quad will be changing their name to The Linq (Link), due to the number four (quad) connotation and the asian demographic), they do seem to be trying. Front desk was very nice and helpful.
3	While it's nice to see a much needed facelift for this property, I do sort of miss the old/cheesy feel of the Imperial Palace.That said, it is nice to see this area spruced up.  I personally like the updated/modern feel of this casino and spent a decent amount of time playing here.  I am glad they kept the dealers that were dressed like impersonators.  It was fun having Michael Jackson deal cards and do a little dance in between hands.  It's also good to see they retained the old O'Shea's casino inside this property - the party atmosphere there is good, even if the tables are pretty rough to play at.  I didn't stay in this property so I can't speak to the rooms, but I can attest to the weird smell that everyone seems to be referring to.  There is a strange smell that seems to waft around the entire building.  I really can't put my finger on it, but it smells something like bad cologne or cleaning fluids.  It's weird and I'm thinking the rooms had the same odor, I'd be pretty disturbed by it.
1	In one word, horrible! We stayed here thinking we were getting a nice place on the strip, boy were we wrong!! The place was so run down and falling apart. The rooms were dirty and cheaply made. The shower rod fell off, there was no remote for the tv so the tv was no use, and the rug was stained and filthy it made our feet black. Outside the rooms the carpet was held together with duct tape, the wallpaper was peeling off, there were pipes and wiring hanging from the ceiling, and there was no access to stairs, which is a huge fire hazard!!!! The elevators were not all working so we had to wait in line to get to and from our room. Sometimes it took us 10 or so minutes just to go two floors. Plus, the pool was under reconstruction so we had no access to their pool. When it was time to check out, the lady informed us that we had charges on our card. We told her we should not have because we had their promotion of $15 a day for food and drinks. We never went over the $15 a day. She then told us that tips don't count towards the $15. This was never explained to us!!!! She should have kindly removed those charges and apologized for the inconvenience, but instead she gave us attitude and made it seem like our fault.  It was a very SNEAKY way for the hotel to make more money!!! We will NEVER again stay at this hotel, it was the worst Vegas hotel experience we have ever had!!!! Save your money and DO NOT stay here!!
1	The phrase uttered most at The Quad this past weekend was "Surely, it can't get worse than this." The phrase that was uttered ALMOST as often was "Good God...I hate this place." I was far from the only person with these mantras.I saw mold growing in places I once thought not possible. It would be more impressive if it wasn't where I was living.The view outside our window reminded me of the slums of Hong Kong, but that's a story for another day.The smell. The smell - it was everywhere. It reminded me of the Axe bodyspray fights in the locker room in middle school but almost as if someone decided to bring chlorine to the fight.I also had the pleasure of encountering vomit multiple times throughout my stay. Whose vomit? Not sure - could have been there for awhile for all I know.Anyway...don't stay here.
1	My wife and I just spent two nights here. We were staying in Vegas and we had a discount coupon for The Quad. While we were checking in two girls behind us blurted out "There's blood on the sheets!",.You could see from the Registration desk that the place was under construction, but at the time I just thought "Meh...no biggie." We were traveling with two small dogs, so they put us in the "Pet Friendly" section, which meant go to the main elevator, go up one floor, get off, walk down a hallway, get on another elevator, go down one floor, and then go find your room. We had already had a long drive that day, and I wasn't feeling real well, and now this...The guy at the desk told us that The Quad was formerly the Imperial Palace, and indeed it did still have vestiges of its old, tacky, oriental trimmings.But to the point...this place was the absolute WORST hotel my wife and I have ever in our entire lives stayed at, and we're both 56 years old. We've stayed in LOTS of hotels over the years, and disgusting is not strong enough language to describe this place. Now, coming from California, we're kinda used to not smelling cigarette smoke in public places anymore. But nobody goes into a Vegas casino not expecting to have to deal with that smell. We're not gamblers, we didn't go to Vegas to party, drink, or gamble, they offered us a 'cheap' room for two nights so we took the bait (The bill for two nights there came to almost $160). The problem was that EVERYWHERE we went in the hotel the place was absolutely permeated with the acrid, sickening stench of tobacco smoke. The carpets EVERYWHERE were stained and filthy. Wallpaper was peeling. Elevators were broken, and the two that did work were too small to handle the traffic in them and they were noisy and rickety...And now on to our "room", which was closer to a prison cell. The one window, which had no appreciable view, was reinforced and could not be opened. If there ever was a fire-God forbid- there was no staircase from which to escape that part of the building. If you could find something hefty enough to smash out that reinforced glass the window was still high enough from ground level that you'd likely break a leg jumping out. There was no refrigerator or microwave in the room, which is common fare in the cheapest roach motels nowadays, and the tub drained VERY slowly. The room stank and the carpets were stained and dingy.Really, even though the hotel management says this place is being 'renovated', at the very least it needs to be completely shut down, carpet pulled up EVERYWHERE, wallpaper stripped off throughout, elevators taken out and replaced with new ones, plumbing replaced, entire building brought up to some semblance of compliance with modern fire codes, all the stupid and offensive 1960s ornamental trinketry removed, and the rebuilt with late 20th-century amenities like refrigerators and microwaves.Actually, it would make a lot more sense to just demolish this stinking, wretched dump and start over again. The only reason I gave it one star was that a "no-star" option was not available. Putrid, filthy, and absolutely DISGUSTING. .Do NOT under ANY circumstances EVER stay here. If it catches fire-God forbid-you could DIE.
2	OK, where do I start...My sister and I purchased a package from a solicitor who was advertising the new and improved imperial palace which is now The Quad.  We frequent Las Vegas a lot so we thought what the heck, its only 30 bucks for what was supposed to be 4 free nights (hidden fees).  I've stayed at the imperial palace before so I thought it cant be as bad as before, right? WRONG!  When we get there everything went smoothly, once we got to our room it smelled horrible.  It was obvious we got a smoking room by the floor itself...I honestly don't remember it being this disgusting before.  We booked two rooms, one of which was usable the other, not so much.  The shower rod had broken, the drawers were broken and they were still working on the room when we first arrived.  They told us to go back downstairs and ask them for another room across the hall.  Seriously, no one wants to check in again after a 4 hour drive.  After the switcharoo, we take our shoes off and try to relax when my fiance says "hey guys, for some reason my socks are wet...I really don't want to know why."  Oh man, how disgusting is that?  we literally had to walk with shoes/sandals our first night...we never made it to the second night.  We checked out immediately and went to a place I call home, the MGM Grand.  THE ONLY REASON I gave this place 2 stars, was because the drinks service was AMAZING.  They now have a person walking around with an IPad taking drink orders, and literally 3 min later a waitress walks by with what u ordered.
3	First of all, this is NOT a place to stay if you have kids. I got a more younger crowd vibe and there was an excessive amount of weed smell in hallways and elevators. The elevators were a NIGHTMARE. I am not exaggerating when I say we waited about 30 min for an elevator. There is a long line to get on and when the elevator passes your floor, it's already full. So I suggest a lower level. We ended up sneaking into the employee elevator because we were on the 12th floor and were carrying a lot of stuff. The rooms are decent but I did feel skeptical about sleeping under the covers. I suggest bringing also your own pillow case. We ran out of towels and housekeeping brought us some within 10 minutes. It doesn't have central AC but the one they have worked just fine. You are not allowed on the balcony for some reason. All in all, it's a run down place because it's still being renovated I suppose. But it's a very good location (next to Caesar's Palace).
1	Tonight we returned to the hotel, took the 5th Tower elevator to the 10th floor only to find the entrance from the elevator lobby to the rooms blocked. Had to go back to the lobby & find the Tower 3 elevator. On our way to the lobby, we came across another guest who said the key card to his room stopped working. Did I mention that the swimming pool is closed? We can walk to the Flamingo & use their pool. AT&T's cell signal is spotty & weak inside the hotel. On top of that, the hotel charges $10 per day for EACH DEVICE to access their wifi. 2 cell phones & a tablet will cost you $30 per day!This hotel is the pits. I will absolutely never bring my family back!
1	A WORD OF CAUTION, clearly this place isn't clean. You could be bringing home some bed bugs stowed away in your luggage. What a dump. I wish I had Yelped this place before I booked a room here last June. I would have stayed somewhere else. Carpets filthy, shower didn't drain good, stains on the walls, lamp broken, indescribable odor throughout the motel even the parking garage was dirty. You could stay here, but your taking your chances of a bed bug infestation following you home.
1	From the outside this place looks great. But once you drive trough the filthy catacombs to park your car it fades.Inside you are greated by a large number of security staff, considering some of the scene it might not be a bad idea. Generally very run down and ill maintained feeling. I was glad to leave. Did not even mind the smell of excrement at valet pick up, likely due to rain falls, just as long as I got my car to get away from this place.
4	Great hotel for your buck. The location is very central--good distance from almost anything, especially the more popular hotel club scenes like Marquee (Cosmo) and Surrender/Encore (Wynn). The Belagio water show is across the street, also a plus. If you traveled via Bolt Bus, the stop is literally a few hundred feet away. Seriously, extremely convenient location!Not the fanciest hotel, but it's not at all sketchy, and then again who stays in their hotel while in Vegas. The staff is friendly, funny and always asked us if we needed anything. The penny slots have this cool free bonus game feature that makes it hard to leave and easy to win money. The pool is located inside of the Flamingo hotel and is modern and beach resort like with waterfalls and slides. The pool was relatively clean, except for the occasional bottle caps on the bottom floor. The crowd was mostly in their 20-40s and very diverse. Free towels, of course. The pool also has an amazing view of the High Roller Ferris wheel.Definitely staying here again, probably always. Xoxo, S.
1	This review is based on the valet and hotel practices. My friends and I decided to ride on the high roller located here so we had the car valet. Earlier in the morning there was light rain so was surprised to see water rushing out of the garage, we figured a pipe was broke. Fast forward 2hours later we were unable to get the car out of valet because the garage was flooded and it was closed!! It wasn't raining and had not been since early in the morning. We weren't able to get our vehicle until the next morning smh. If u decide to stay or visit the quad and fear it may rain that day DO NOT park valet!!!! You'll be sorry u did.
1	TERRIBLE in all ways possible. And make sure not to valet because if you do and it rain the valet exit will flood with water and they won't let you out until it clears. I had to wait over 14 hours until they finally re opened it (water was only about 4 inches deep) they are just by the book. Oh and they won't pay for your taxi either if you have to catch a cab home. My advice....stay clear of the quad.
1	Dont go until remodeling is complete.  Not nice & loud @ 5am doing construction. Smells bad in hallways and elevator is rickety.
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE! Stay away from this hotel. Changed rooms immediately and got upgraded to a "mini suite" which basically was a regular room. Nothing special..! Super 8 would be a better bet. GROSS GROSS GROSS!!!!!!! You could listen to this review or learn the hard like we did. BEWARE!
1	Checked in very early on a SATURDAY... THE ROOMS WE WERE PROMISED WERE NOT DONE BEING REMODELED. We were supposedly upgraded to a "DELUXE" room and pointed to a restaurant to get something to eat so we could get some sleep from a long day traveling. Rented THREE rooms from them. My mother and I's room was sweltering hot because the air conditioners had been turned off. In my father's room they did not bother to even make the bed or put any blankets on it. My bed when you sat on it both corners folded up to you and you bounced any time you moved at all. I went down later that morning and I talked to a very nice young lady who said she would move all three rooms and for the inconvenience give us a credit on the rooms. My room and my mother's room was moved my Father WAS NEVER MOVED AS PROMISED. The new rooms were passable but barely. I went down Monday morning to make sure everything was ok with billing and to get my boarding pass printed out. Got one manager went through the WHOLE story and was referred to the very first manager he could find whom I told the WHOLE story again to and he informed he was not the correct person either and referred me AGAIN. The third manager after I went through telling how my experience was thus far apologized and asked a front desk clerk to take a look at the bills for me. He then said I got a FOOD AND BEVERAGE CREDIT to the rooms and dismissed it at that. I went back to him told him that was UNACCEPTABLE and he went back to the young lady and told her to remove the "resort fee" of sixteen dollars and some change PER DAY for less than 1.0 MPS internet service. I just chalked it up to I would write this review and at least I got about 160.00 off of the bill. Well the nail in the coffin is they ARE STILL CHARGING MY CARD FULL PRICE!!!!! I cannot get anyone with any sense on the phone and all I have a receipt to take to my bank when I get 45 minutes to see if they can/will help. DON'T STAY HERE if price is a factor or a concern STAY AT THE MOTEL 8 or the DAYS INN. This may be a Caesars property, but it's like Caesar's third cousin that they are trying to forget exists!!!!!!!!! -Phil
3	I went to the Quad because I was given a voucher for $30 for a 2 night 3 day stay with some other goodies. I was really skeptical because I read some bad reviews on the odd smells, ugly rooms, bad service and more. First everyone wants to hear the bad first. Well, the rooms look pretty old, the carpet is dirty, even thru the hallways, the rooms did have an odd smell, my wife said like some b.o. but I couldn't smell it, and the elevators looks like they have seen better days. However, the room we had was over looking the strip which was nice. The AC worked very well, and we kept our room nice and cool. The customer service people were great, and they didn't even give us a hard time that we checked out a little later than usual. Second. We didn't spend a whole lot of time in the hotel because we were in Vegas and we were out for most of our time. The hotel is more of a drop your luggage off, sleep, and leave hotel. It's basically a super 8 hotel or motel 6 room, not too bad and not too good. Lastly, the room total for two nights and three days came out to 108 including taxes, resort fees and being able to look over the strip. I feel that the hotel isnt super horrible, but it isn't nothing worth bragging about. I would've rated the hotel a 3.5 or 4 if they cleaned their carpets and wash the walls to get the odd smells and upgrade the furniture. From the looks of it, it has served its purpose for the past 10-15years. Also a little tip, bring a little air freshener to get pass the smell.
1	This hotel is terrible. Everything is old and run down! Carpets are dirty and the shower requires shower shoes. If you don't mind living like you're in a college dorm then this is the place for you. Otherwise, don't stay here!!!
2	We (loved) the Quad - Soon to be "Link Hotel." Sadly we (platinum Caesars members)  just left after a fun filled week in Vegas and we always place money on the dreaded wheel at the Quad... We walked up to the wheel and the lady there was a total bitch. I believe her name was "Rhoda." She took our bet THEN checked our ID's ( thanks Rhoda for that!) and then she proceeded to spin the wheel a whole 4 pegs!!!! (Not one whole spin!) What the hell? Really? 4 pegs? So instead of spending your money here to gamble - go across the street to Caesars WiLL be better off - WAIT maybe MGM knows the rules from the gambling commission and actually follows gambling rules?! GO THERE INSTEAD. Sad because staying at the Quad was what we did at least 6 times a year and now we will not return. (Btw - customers always remember being treated like shit!) HR people avoid this lady "Rhoda" she should NOT work with the public - Unless you hate having customers!
1	Old, smelly, and bad customer service. However,  it cheaps. But if I have another choice, I will pay for to stay at planet hollywood
2	Great location. But the rooms are out dated and dirty. It feels like I walked into casino the movie.very old rooms. Small and dirty.
1	Horrible hotel !!!  Just checked in for 8 days and i want to leave already.   Check in staff was rude and acted like me asking questions was putting her out.   Only reason i returned to this rundown hotel was because it is the ONLY hotel with balconies ... came up to our room only to find out that they have been shut down by screwing them shut !!!  Called the front desk who advised that they don't have to update anything that has been done to the hotel !!!  Not to mention that this hotel had been under construction for over the years and you would never be able to tell ... it's still a shit hole.   Spend your money elsewhere ... this place should be SHUT DOWN !!!
1	Horrible, very dirty,  been under cunstruction for over a year , dont ever stay here . I came here for a few shows,  #Divas , #jeffcevillico #recycledpercution all the shows are great All 3 are definitely the only reason the Quad has any patrons at all.
1	I'm always against writing one star reviews because I feel that it is awfully harsh. Not only does the quad deserve it, I feel that it should be my duty to warn anyone from giving them any money. I can understand renovation and construction,  but I can't stand dirty, smelly, Un cleaned rooms. The beds feel like something from 15 years ago you'll feel the springs dig into your back. The sheets are probably 10 thread count. Feels like the green scratchy side of a sponge. I went to the front desk to get a new room and after giving me 3 rooms of equal or lessor quality I was done. Requested a refund and bounced to another hotel. Vegas has too many good hotels to warrant giving this place a penny. I also couldn't believe that they charge 20 dollars for a resort fee when their resort is falling apart. Just look at the holes in the wall when you exit the hotel. It felt like the staff had to emphasize that it was a resort fee too.
1	The worst customer service experience. Unfortunately for them, my expectations for customer service are a bit higher seeing that this is a higher end Vegas spot...but damn. Just really upsetting.
4	I don't know why this place gets such a bad rap for the price and location you can not beat it i paid 22 bucks a night its right in the middle of everything my room was clean the balcony opened the casino part was awesome we got drinks faster here than any other place we went to the only reason they don't get 5 stars is because the front desk lady wasn't the nicest person to deal with
1	horrible, horrible horrible , dirty disgusting and infested with roaches , they have been remodeling for over a year and the only thing that's changed is that its now a bigger mess. I have been there for all 3 of the regular shows , Divas Jeff cevilico, and recycled percussion , these shows are all amazing and I don't know how this place would be able to stay in business with out the customers that attend these shows, and as much as I enjoy the shows after seeing the large dead cockroaches in the ladies outside the show room I don't feel comfortable coming back to a dark dingy theater.
1	It was a dive when it was the imperial palace and it still is a dive as the quad! First night had to switch rooms because the outdoor bar was so loud and our balcony door wouldn't close tight . Paint was peeling off the walls in the bathroom and the sink was clogged so bad it wanted to overflow just from brushing your teeth. The pool was closed and they said we "might be able to use the one at the flamingo." There was gum stuck right on the top of the night stand. The casino was really boring and smelled like a guido's nut sack . There's that saying, "you can't polish a turd but you can roll it in glitter," well I don't think there's enough glitter in the whole state of Nevada ! I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone unless you really don't like them ;)
4	This place isn't as bad as everyone says it is. I had absolutely no problems with checking in, nor did I have any problems with my room. The room was clean, and I didn't see any stains on the carpet in my room. I however did see stains in the hallway, but I'm not sleeping out there. Excellent customer service through and through.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! I understand they are renovating the place, and maybe when that is over it will be a different story, but I have never, EVER, wanted to run out of an establishment so badly.Booked a room for 4 nights, took one look at the room, and ran downstairs to demand a refund.The carpets are filthy and stinky, wall paper was peeling off the bathroom walls, our non smoking room STUNK of marijuana and cigarettes, the balcony door was permanently locked.Asked someone at the front desk if there was a nicer room and was informed that there wouldn't be until October 8th. I spoke with the manager and told her that it is CRUEL to rent rooms out without warning customers. The idea that anyone would PAY to stay here is beyond me. It was SO disgusting I'm not even sure I will visit the place when it's "renovated" - they need to just tear the place down.
1	We came here to go to a Resturant. To get to just the parking garage--- confusing; to park your car in the self park-- confusing; knowing where you parked in the garage-- confusing as there are no signs to find your car (3D or 2E for example); getting to the stairwell--- confusing (no signs telling you were it is); you finally get to the bottom level of the parking garage and your next adventure of no sign mazes to get to the actual hotel begins. The signs don't indicate if you're heading towards the Quad or Harrahs....and given you just did a maze to make it this far you're not quite sure of you're even on Las Vagas' strip anymore. Everything on the casino floor looks run down, and in their vampire lighting....it's kinda sad that people can still tell.
1	This place used to be called IMPERIAL PALACE, the least pleasant  hotel i have stayed on the strip (maybe even in my whole life, I haven't thought that much yet).  Now they changed the name to quad.  They remodeled just the lobby to make it look like a brand new hotels.  But the rooms in the towers are still the same: old carpet, smell like smoke, no ice bending machine at the floor, no safe box, super low ceilings.  The elevators are super old.  My room smelled like piss but my nose acclimated after a while.Service:  reaching the front desk by phone was impossible.   Gym: their gym had dumbbells up to 50lbs but some dumbbells are missing.  The only positive thing about this hotel was their Wifi, which was very fast!!!  And the location is pretty nice, right in the middle of the strip.  Even if I had another comped room, i would not stay here again.
1	If you don't want to sleep in a dingy, outdated, disgusting place then please DON"T STAY HERE. I would rather go to a Motel 6 than to stay at this horrible place again. I came in hoping the reviews were maybe a bit exageerating but NO. In our floor, there were holes in the wall. Our room has HUGE stains everywhere. The sink and bathtub were both clogged! When my boyfriend complained about the clogged bathroom, the person in the front desk was rude to him! The decor looks like from the 1980s!The only nice thing about this rundown $%!hole, is the restaurant Hash House A Go Go. Do yourself a favor, pay a little more and stay somewhere nicer. This hotel is not worth your time.
4	I'm gonna go ahead and give this hotel 4 stars not because it's a super nice place to stay but for many of my own reasons.  1. I have stayed at this casino far more than any other in Vegas the 10 times I've gone and I usually have stayed here for under 50$ a night and as low as 18$ one Wed night in Feb.  It is a clean hotel, not much too it but, I never felt like the rooms were dirty and a lot of them have sweet balconies over looking the mountains.  I really enjoyed that since Vegas usually has no balconies.  2. It's dead center of the strip and you can use it as an excellent base point to go either direction and Caesars is across the street!  3.  It's a fairly easy hotel to get in and out of.  Yes at first the tangle of elevators can be a bit confusing especially cuz I always pick the rooms to the back of the hotel, it's still a much smaller casino, with less distance to walk and once you really nail down your route you are in like Flynn!  It will take less than 10 mins to get in and out of this casino onto the strip or back to your room.  Try some of those other mega sized casinos, I've been walking around for 30 mins down hallways having no clue how far I have walked or where the heck to go next! 4. Did I mention it's normally fairly cheap!  I've been staying here since it was The Imperial and honestly I've always loved it.  yes I've read the bed bug report and I am a frequenter of it but, you will be hard pressed to find ANY casino in this city that doesn't have a report or two.  Just check your room for signs when you get there, pull up the sheets at the foot of the bed!  Look for bugs or evidence of bug remains there.  It should tell you, I do it in every room I've ever stayed in good rep or not.  Vegas is a well traveled city by the world and like I said look around, even the nicest of hotels have run ins with this at times.  I myself have never had a problem and stayed here a handful of times.  If you are looking for a serious econ hotel without the feeling that you are sacrificing everything this is the place.  Nothing is worse than staying off strip in a so so hotel and having the commute when you could of saved money on the strip for practically the same thing.  This casino as long as I've known as provided me just that!
2	I got a good deal pay for one night and get the 2nd free on labor day weekend. not bad. there is a lot of construction along the walk from the self parking garage to hotel registration (which looks like it will be a lot nicer once completed). easy to get confused and not find your car right away on the way out. Valet instead. it was so much easier for our second try.  Fat Tuesdays hidden in the shadows in the back= meh . Hash house A go go upstairs= yum A+Check in was fairly easy and not too long a wait for a busy weekend at a budget hotel. there were only smoking rooms available on the 18th floor. the Lady Said we could request a Nonsmoking room for our second night and switch. ok  When my wife and I got to the room we noticed a section of the carpet that had been replaced (color didn't match) like someone had been murdered there and bled all over the original carpet. Bed was clean and comfy. Bathrooms were surprisingly clean, no mold or stray hairs left behind from previous guests. the Balcony does not open (wouldn't trust it anyway) and we had a lovely view of the corner of the flamingo tower and see renovations started where the balconies in the Quad  will be removed across to the other wing outside. left our room and had a great night came back and passed out to the noisy AC unit on the wall that at least it worked and kept the room nice and chilly. Woke up before checkout time and asked for a non smoking room with a strip view. We got one with no hassle but, on the 13th floor. On the way moving our stuff over I made a joke about how spooky it might be and how it couldn't be worse than the night before. hehe.We got to the room and it looked ten times better with no smoke smell but smelled like an old hotel. nice view of Ceaser's palace and the Mirage Beatles facade across the strip . It was a nice view. We were content although our stuff already reeked of stale smoke from staying in the previous room. This Room was very clean and again no balcony access. if we brought our own screwdriver we could have changed that( all that was keeping the sliding door closed off was a screw).  Feeling a little more at ease, We left to catch our show and again had a great night out on the town. Returning at past 4 am and eager to sleep before checking out we discover our room keys both no longer work. GREAT! All the way down the elevator to get new ones and back up only to find our new keys are not working. back AGAIN  to registration and the lady is also surprised. I tell her exactly what happens and she tells me that it must locked by the deadbolt from the inside. she asks if anyone else might be in there. of course not. security meets us back at our room and says it might be the battery on the door lock. but he slides his key and opens right up then he backs off after I open the door. I notice the curtain is now open to the view of the street. I left the curtain CLOSED.  we were not missing anything and nothing was cleaned eliminating housekeeping. another strange thing was the do not disturb sign we left on the door when we left was inside kicked under the door. We were spooked and slept with the light on and didn't say what we were both thinking until we were out of that hotel. We both thought it might have been haunted or something we also heard a lady scream from down the hall intermittently throughout the night. Wouldn't stay there again if you paid me. ONE STAR. For Experience and One star for location.
1	I have stayed at the Imperial Palace before and have always enjoyed my time there, great location because it's center of the strip.However, I was there recently and had the worst hotel experience, there is no cell service in the hotels, the hallways, rooms and furniture all smells like smoke. Our keys cards continuously stopped working and they only had 2 elevators working! At on e point we waited 30 minutes just for an elevator.
1	I had one night comped and the 2nd I had to pay for, the Linq was the only hotel available under such short same day notice.  When we arrived we had parking trouble since we didn't know the Linq was just the shopping center by the Quad and that the hotel was soon to change names in October 2014 but it's now September 5, 2014.Walking into the room we felt like we were at motel 6 and it's like a 1 to 2 star hotel.   The pictures of the Linq are beautiful but all the signs say Coming Soon. After sitting in the room I start reading some pictures and reviews and am so upset I was asleep on the way here I didn't know what a shit hole this place was.The elevators most of them were in construction so there can be a wait depending on what tower you are on.  Cell phone reception is like nonexistent and choppy inside the casino by hotel registration and walking around.
1	Went to the Quad tonight (my third time in one month) and spent approximately $400 on dinner, desert, and riding the high roller (Ferris wheel). I took my restaurant receipts and just-purchased high roller tickets x4, to the Total Rewards counter to receive the points credit. The 4 high roller tickets were denied points credit by Patricia and Ms. Meyer, at the counter despite that I was able to provide my valid license ID, the credit card that I used to make the purchase, and the proof that I purchased them from the transaction page on my credit card website pulled up on my iPhone. Patricia and Ms. Meyer had all of the information needed to prove I made the purchase, but insisted that I return to the high roller lineup and ask for a copy of my receipt. Why should I agree to spend another 15 minutes in line when I provided all the information needed to prove I purchased the high roller tickets? I had already told the Total Rewards employees, Patricia and Ms. Meyer, that high roller did not give me a receipt at the time of purchase, other than the actual tickets which already have the purchase price and date and time printed on them.  In the end, Total Rewards refused to credit me without making me jump through more hoops, thus putting up more barriers to giving me points. The total rewards program is disingenuous in offering points credit for purchases, in my experience.
1	Worst Vegas stay ever. My extended family and I have been loyal Harrahs customers forever. My aunt drops big money here and we play pretty big as well. We called Harrahs and asked if they could comp us some rooms for my wifes birthday weekend. The only place they offered was the Quad. They lady on the phone told us they had redone the rooms. We booked two non-smoking rooms a few months before the trip. When we arrived they told us they only had one non-smoking room and the other would have to be smoking.  They did waive our resort fee for the inconvenience. So we get to our one non-smoking room and realize there is water all over the floor and it got worse everytime we flushed the toilet. We called to have someone come look at it. We waited for over an hour and no one ever came. The next day we go to the front desk and ask them to send someone up. They guy comes looks at the toilet and says the whole toilet is cracked and it can't be fixed. They offered us to move us but they only had a smoking room. So we spend the whole stay throwing piles of towls on the floor to keep our room from flooding. In top of that the rooms are disgusting.  They have never been redone.When we go to check out we explain to the nice lady what had happened.  She apologizes and says she could take $20 off. I was somewhat insulted that's all they offered.  I asked to speak to the manager, Ricardo Orozoco. I was very polite and explained what happened.  He was not even apologetic. He was actually very rude and he basically acted like he didn't give a crap. I pulled up some pictures on my phone of the room to show him the cracked toilet and water on the floor. Some of the other guests saw the pictures. We then start arguing and then he calls security and threatened to kick me out and be escorted by security.  I was appalled he threatened me like this.I will nevet stay at  a Harrahs resort again.Update 2 hours later: so this place built their valet/check-in in place so when it rains the driveway in and out floods and you can't leave. It's like a washout and the casino receives 2 million each year from the state to deal with it.
1	Believe all the negative reviews. Worst hotel in Las Vegas or anywhere for that matter.  Cramped elevator area with slow elevators and no AC. By the time you get to your room, you are already sweaty.  Bathroom is dirty, moldy and has no vent. Small black bugs fly around. Tub does not drain. Room is dark. The dark colored carpet  is so dirty it will turn the bottom of your feet black. The mattress is so uncomfortable you can feel the spring. The AC is loud and difficult to adjust. The internet simply does not work. There is no pool in this hotel. Basically there are no amenities what so ever. Yet they have the nerve to charge a resort fee.  This place is so gross it should be torn down. Come to this hotel if you want to torture yourself.
1	Don't park in valet if it rains they can't get your car!!!  Then they really don't care if your stranded!!  Finally if your a Total Rewards member I got a  room.  The elevator was awful, hallways had wiring hanging down from the ceiling.  The room was just dirty, tub didn't drain!  Never will I take anyone to this awful place.  I am a local, will I tell at least 10 people?  What do you think!!!  Shame on the entire " Total Rewards group of hotels".
2	I only give it 2 stars due to its location on the strip.  You get what you pay for though. I stayed here for a work trip and couldn't wait to leave because of this place.  They charged me for a small refrigerator because I enjoy yogurt and milk for breakfast yet I never got the fridge.  I asked 3 times and was told that one would be there within the hour.  I gave up on my 3rd day and they assured me that it wouldn't be on my bill.  Guess what? Yep, was charged for it.  I don't expect the tower that I stayed in (still waiting to be remodeled) was going to be fancy or anything but the hall carpet was coming apart, the wallpaper was peeling off in huge sections and left hanging by a thread.  There was no fresh air because the only window was the patio slider that was permanently locked.  Why lock the patio slider?  Are you afraid someone might jump after losing at your $5 BJ tables where you use 8 decks of cards? No moisture meant that I had a nosebleed by the 3rd morning too.  I asked if they had a humidifier and the desk clerk looked at me like I had a booger hanging from my nose.Like he was disgusted that I asked him such a stupid question yet wanted to laugh at the same time.  Oh, the TV remote didn't work either so they finally, after over an hour of waiting and 3 phone calls to the front desk, gave me a replacement but guess what? The batteries were almost dead.  I had to smack the remote every time that I wanted to change the channel or volume.  I'm sure that after they remodel the place that they'll still have the same lack of caring customer service.  Just like the saying goes, a turd is a turd no matter how nice you dress it up.  This "resort" would be great for a quick guys getaway for partying where it doesn't matter where you sleep because you'll be so drunk that you won't care but for us working stiffs, we actually spend a little time in these crappy rooms.  I love what they say on their website too, "Comfortable rooms at the heart of the Las Vegas Strip." "Everything you need for a complete vacation is available right here." "We are prepared to make your stay more memorable and fun!"  HAHAHAHAHAHA NOT!!!!!!!!
1	Don't stay at the Quad. Yes, it might be the cheapest most centrally located place on the Strip, but I will never stay here. First of all, while the renovations really upgraded the casino floor - the rooms (and the adjacent hallways) feel old, outdated, and musty. The last time she stayed there, my sister-in-law's room was broken into. They stole ALL of her belongings, with the exception of a small bag that was kind of hidden on the side of the bed. When they went to complain at the desk - there was someone else also complaining their room had been broken into. Apparently there are no cameras in the hallways, so they couldn't identify who it was. They suspect it was someone with a master key because there didn't seem to be any forced entry. The good thing is that they took a report and were willing to reimburse the value of the items stolen. BUT, by then it has already put a HUGE damper on what was supposed to be a fun weekend. Plus, most of her clothes and shoes were gone - so she had to go buy herself everything down to her underwear. That all being said - I will never recommend the Quad to anyone. Pay a little extra and stay somewhere safer and nicer.
4	nice  little casino feel with that bigger casino look and servicecocktail waitresses dont leave you thirsty you wont go long till ones taking your order on an ipad relaying it for another to serve you your drinkOne other great thing upstairs in the casino is a 24 hr Hash House a Go Go if you never been your missing outTheyre sports book is pretty comfy as well leather seats big screens not the biggest but  one of the cleanest
1	Decided to try the Quad for the 1st time and will never do it again! Don't be fooled by he casino style down stairs, the rooms look completely different! I was under the impression that the rooms were renovated and updated- nope! Elevators are old and scary, all the hallways and rooms have stains everywhere! IThe rooms are like a motel 6, dirt, things broken and just definitely not what was expected. This is not clear on the website either!  I will never come back here, worth a little more money to stay somewhere nicer! Wanted to try something knew, but wished I didn't. It reeks of weed everywhere too! No air flow and people smoking weed around every corner! Not okay!
1	Located in the middle of the strip. Former Imperial Palace Casino Hotel and future Linq.Hotel is not completely updated as of this review. Many years ago Imperial Palace was purchased by Total Rewards (Caesar Properties) to run the center Las Vegas strip and improve property values (not as though it was needed).First thing after purchase was update the casino. During the visit the casino was undergoing massive updates to stay modern and be current as the old owners had no investment other than ownership of the property. First hotel stay. Casino was undergoing the Multi year remodeling. Hotel however was not. Hotel first. Check in was fairly quick for the spring break period. Room preferred (non smoking) was unavailable at check in. We arrived late due to a late flight and was unable to get our preference. We reluctantly took the room.Smoking room was located on a high floor. It just smelled like smoke. The sheets, curtains and towels. It all smelled as we came into the room. We had opened the sliding door all the way to get outside air. It was still bad.Room upkeep was more than needed. Decor from sheets, curtains, and office chair were all quite dated. Carpet had stains all over and the bathroom had mold among other things. Bed was lumpy and the air conditioner were not in working order. First thing in the morning, we checked out quick.Hotel visit was unfavorable as was the casino undergoing renovations. We have visited the completed casino renovations. Hotel is undergoing renovations now. We might give it another shot when rebranded until then just one star.
1	... For starters I'm disappointed and disgusted that I even stayed here... Don't know why my friend booked this... The only good thing is they redid the casino.. Other then that it's completely trash 1. The room wasn't clean 2. Only one elevator worked 3. The carpet was old and stinky 4. Pipes are showing in the hallway 5. The room smelled like straight ass 6. The toilet was rusted 7. Ac smelled like dust 8. The beds are stiff 9. The TV didn't work This is the same as imperial Palace with a different name.. As a member of total rewards I'm disappointed they even cosign this dump.. A taxi driver once told me that your better off staying at motel 6 and he was right... Please don't stay here unless you like playing a horrible trick on a friend.
1	Bad: - Paid for daily Wifi, it was very horrible, that it kept disconnecting. Do no pay for Wifi. It's better to step out to The Linq with free and dependable Wifi. - Room key card kept get de-magnetized. Same excuse, do not put it near your phone. I didn't have a phone with my card as it was left often in the hotel room. So then they brought up renovation, it might be the system. I visited the desk a lot for key replacements. - I had scheduled a phone interview, and asked to have them call the hotel, as cell service in Vegas is no bueno. I sat for 4 hours in my room waiting for the phone call. So I called from the hotel phone, twice to my interviewer at $14.99 per call. I just wasted $30.  What do I find out upon reading my emails later in the evening? The hotel told them that I wasn't a guest there. Mind you, the room is booked under my name, and I've been there for 3 days already. What they did with directing the phone was unbelievable. - 6AM phone calls about spa at the Quad, so I called them to only have fitness answer the phone to tell me there's no spa there. Then why call me at 6AM with your recorded message advertising the spa? - Pool? Under renovation, carry your room key card to swim at the Flamingo next door.Good: - Located at the center of the strip for easy access - price is good, but wait until it's renovated, I can't guarantee how well it'd be.
1	Filthy, loud and smoky. Everything in this hotel is dirty, the elevators with empty beer cans, hallways with stains and holes in the walls, the room had trash in it and other people's items behind the bed. The carpet was stained and the chairs too. There were red stains on the wall that looked like dried blood. The sliding glass door didn't close properly and was so old it rattled from the constant boom boom of the music from the bar on the 1st level. The AC unit, an old floor model, was full of dirt and came on and off with a loud squeak. I was here for work and booked the hotel through our travel agency, the rate was $280. I talked to the manager who lowered the rate to $159 which was nice of him but still $158 too much. As I was leaving, early in the a.m. guy in the elevator had his luggage and commented that he was leaving to find another hotel as this was the worst hotel experience he had ever had. Unfortunate, Vegas can be so alluring and fun, this trip was horrible.
4	Location is awesome. You can walk off the elevator and be right on the strip. Great staff and the price to stay is great. Right in the middle of everything and O Shea's is such a fun place. You do have to deal with some noise as there is a nightclub right out front. Rooms still being updated but good enough.
2	Until they have completed the renovation, stay clear of the hotel. The Casino is fun with many areas for viewing sports and playing games. Centrally located for walking (We didn't move the car all weekend). But really, the hotel is really bad. Sheets were clean and all, but really dirty hallways and general area. I feel bad reporting this because I know it's full on construction, and looks like it'll be nice once it's the LinQ (they are abandoning Quad name as #4 is bad luck for the Asians). Once it's done (they say mid year 2015) I'll visit and give report. Centrally located and the linq has many places to eat and shop, and Margaritaville is right there. Caesars right across the street. Can't wait to return (when they are done...)
5	I am like.. The Quad's biggest fan. You guys should give me free rooms for life for all the positive things I am about to say.The Quad is now OFFICIALLY the best place to stay in vegas. Why? Well if you haven't seen my previous reviews about this place.. let me summarize the old:1. Go to vegas for the cheapest room because you will barely sleep eg Quad.2. Dirty rooms somehow compensates for the extremely clean showers that apparently guests never use.3. One of the best places for low ballers to gamble.4. Classic car show case.5. Now newly remodeled exterior/casino.6. Free parking, cheap resort fees.7. Located at the best part of strip.The New:1. WOWWWW that new thing in between Flamingo and Quad, that street though. Yeah if you were recently in vegas you know what I'm talking about. If you haven't been to vegas in a while just book this place and be pleasantly surprised. It's like a universal city walk between Flamingo and Quad. A real architectural achievement if you ask me.2. Ferris wheel3. Still cheapLast time I went to Vegas was 1 month ago. Flash flood,4. Flood water still gather here, because they are just the best. Really it maybe an inconvenience for some but the chaos just adds to my vegas trip excitement.
1	Booked a room week in advance, king bed no smoking.Get here, they put me in smoking. They tell me those rooms are availability only.Sorry, I didn't know that availability wasn't promised when you pay and book weeks in advance. They spin me around giving me all these bullshit stories.Seriously, what's the point in booking weeks early, or even at all, when they are gonna sell you room to random people off the strip anyway.
1	I wish I had known the entire hotel was under construction before I shelled out over $130 per night. My non-smoking room smelled like an ashtray!!!
1	Wow where do I begin we paid 300$ for this crap we were charged twice!  The sliding door is off the hinges with a screw in it it's dirty as hell these spit and bird crap all over the balcony that we can't get to!  It literally look like some ghetto apartments that you wouldn't want to go in at night lol avoid this place like the plague!  I'm scared to sleep in the bed because I might catch the plague Lmao just horrible!!
1	the quality of the hotel is beyond disgusting. the room smells like carpet showered with human pee all lover and then  sprinkled with this strong carpet freshner. but the pee smell prevailed! everything is outdated and rusty and old and broken. i can't believe i paid for my family to stay here. i would never have stayed there even if they gave me couple of hundred dollars have i known better. **you've been warned**
1	So we were "upgraded" by our timeshare, to stay here. First off, this is not a upgrade. I've stayed in better motels than this. The rooms are outdated, dirty, small, smelly and noisy. There's no fridge in the room, they had to bring one up for us. The place is confusing as all hell to navigate with all the construction going on.The staff was nice, that's the upside.The one really upsetting point was when we checked in, we requested a 2 bed non smoking. There was ONE available, and it wasn't ready. It just so happened to be above a live band that plays until 3 am. Well that's horrible, especially when you have a 2year old. The only other 2 beds were smoking. So imagine if we came 30 mins later to check in. We would have no options for a 2 bed. Lovely. Awesome.Thanks Quad. For the shitty welcome.
2	Called Caesars palace, and they referred us over to the quad. Payed 350 a night in a room that had no windows, and looked like it was stuck in the 80's. Greatly disappointed with what was promised at least decent room turned out to be something worse than a hotel 6. Nice it was on they strip, the only positive experience out of this trip.
2	Place is pretty outdated and yet in a perpetual state of construction. People are nice and the Jeff Civillico show is awesome, but the facilities are just in shambles. However, the location is killer. When the place is upgraded, it could be a good value depending on how they price it out.
2	Prime location, Prime Price but pretty much everything else is tragically bad. The place is run down and super old, pretty sure all the living areas are left over from the 70's (except for the flatscreen upgrade lol). The room is spartan, there is absolutely no frils included in the room, you get 2 chairs, 2 lamps, tv, a table 2 beds, sheet + brown blanket, pillows, soap and towels. Everything else is bare, i'm surprised they even have the Gideons Bible in the drawer. walking in from the the self park, it looks like a your entering coming from the future and they're excavacting this hotel relic. Theres power equipment everywhere in the corridor leading to the empty shop arcade and the casino. Theres men in hardhats and safety vests working and hotel guests are moving between them trying to get to their cars. there's construction dust and paint everywhere as well. This is going on 24/7.They should've just closed the entire building and renovted it at once instead of leaving it open and renovating it with people inside, its making it a terrible customer experience.If your room has a good view of the strip, don't expect to sleep before 3 because downstairs theres Carnval Court and outdoor club and they are banging music which you will feel through the glass balcony door. I wasn't there to party sadly, so this bothered me. But wouldn't be an issue if I was there to party.Anyway, this hotel was not good for me. But "the quad" as th, e name suggests would be perfect for college kids in Vegas, the name even sounds like something at a university. Its cheap and old and dirty but if you're a college age kid on a budget this is the perfect place because all of it doesn't matter because tyou're there to just get ripped and you probably won't be in your room all that often. But if you are and you break shit or mess shit up they probably won't even notice, so you won't get hit on your credit card later. Also bonus cheap gaming tables downstais so thats ok.TL:DR if you thought you were getting a good deal on hotels.com.......only if you're college age and all you wanna do is rage. If you're anybody else you should probably look elsewhere.
1	This place is hardly a resort...it's barely a step up from a run down hostle! So why is the word "resort" even in their name?!Don't be fooled by the nice pictures online because the remodeled rooms don't open until after oct 30th...false advertisement!Our room had no ventilation and there was something leaking cus our carpet had a growing wet spot. They permanently bolted the balcony doors because of the construction so there was no way to ventilate our room.They did accommodate us with a room change, as they should have, which is why this hell hole even received 1 star from me.If you want to stay here, wait until the remodel is over, but by then their prices will probably be just as expensive as any other strip hotel. + cheap room in the middle of the strip and close to a lot of attractions.
3	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #16:well, the correct grade for this place when I visited it is "incomplete", but I'll give it 3 stars for now based on promise; major renovations going on everywhere throughout, as they are turning the short-lived Quad into The Linq Hotel & Casino; most renovations (including the rooms) are supposed to be complete by end of October; the location is primo, with multiple entrances spilling out into the very cool Linq area of shops & restaurants; O'Shea's Casino  has been reduced to a single large room with gaming tables, live music, beer pong, etc.; found a semi-secret 4th floor with the old/retired sports book and a fairly sad wedding chapel wing; having a Hash House-a-go-go location tucked away on the 2nd floor is a good comfort food option; best craft beer bet = Tag Sports Bar may in fact boast the best craft beer list (in bottles) on the entire Strip!  You're welcome!
2	If you want scabies stay at this hotel....wear your sandals in shower and carpet but cheap and right in the middle of everything...this place is constantly under construction but you know what for 40 bucks tonight if you want to be in the heart of Vegas and never really be in your room go there but know that when you leave you're probably going to leave with scabies!
1	Great location... That'st about it! Centrally located on the strip, great view of the High Roller Wheel and once outside of the hotel great nightlife atmosphere. Very close to Starbucks and a variety of food choices. The hotel itself is old! We were up on the 16th floor which only had 1 functioning elevator and we weren't sure it was going to work each time we got on! The carpets in the hallway are filthy, no ventilation in the bathroom. The beds were ok.I will say that the housekeeping staff was very friendly and did a great job in cleaning the rooms.Upon arrival we were informed only one free Wifi code was given which could only be used by one person on the same device for the entire stay. Not to mention the connection was horrible. We had to pay to print out our boarding passes at check-out.
2	It was ok. They were updating and still working on the pool area when we were here like a year ago. It took forever to get checked in and checked out even with a full staff. I liked it because there was a Fat Tuesday inside, daiquiri bar.
1	A group of ladies going to Vegas for a fun weekend. We were excited that the hotel was located in the middle of the strip. It was very disappointing when we got inside and it was still being remodeled. Which is fine if they wouldn't have reassured us (twice) that it was finished. We asked for adjoining rooms and were put in two separate towers.Elevators had duct work hanging out. Electrical wires all over the place. Once we got to our floor the wall paper was ripped, carpet torn, stains on the walls, and the worst stench!When we get in the room the smell was horrible.Only two lights that did not do a good job of lighting the room. When we flushed the toilet, a sewer stench filled the whole room.The balcony door was forced locked with a nail jammed in the locking mechanism. Not a security in sight!!!!I woke up early and went to the casino. On the way up I was approached by two individuals by the elevator. The elevator was in a location isolated from the common areas. The woman made me very nervous. She continuously kept looking at my wallet. I decided to pretend to have forgotten something and left the area. They did not board the elevator and left the hotel. I am convinced that they were going to do some harm once I was alone with them in that elevator. I went looking for a security guard and NOT ONE IN SIGHT!I have been to many hotels in Vegas and NEVER have I felt worse! The staff was not understanding at all. They promised a meal credit and when we tried to redeem it, it had not been "updated" in the system" (shocker!).STAY AWAY FROM THE QUAD!!!!!!!!!!!!!
