4	We all have those special places we like to default to for celebrating something special, like a birthday or Singles Awareness Day. My default spot is Macaroni Grill. Not in the sense of, like, "Well, guess we should just go where we always go," but more like, "Yes! It's my birthday and I get to go to Macaroni Grill!"The place is nice looking, with raw stone walls, fancy glass lanterns, a pretty bar, and a kitchen that's open for public viewing. Service is prompt and courteous, and each table is topped with butcher paper, and you get a couple Crayolas to go with it. If there's ever been a wait for my meal, I haven't noticed, since I'm always so busy doodling. The house wine's mighty fine. I recommend you try the Past Milano -- bow tie pasta tossed with grilled chicken, sun dried tomatoes, 'shrooms, and fresh basil in an asiago-cream sauce. With the bread they serve (a fresh loaf of rosemary bread, brushed with olive oil and lightly salted), a salad, and the huge portion you receive (I'm not talking Bucca-big, family-sized, but huge for one), there should be plenty of leftovers for a midnight snack.Oh, and for birthdays, you get a slab of rich, dark, chocolate cake, smothered in a scrumptious chocolate ganache. And they have people who will sing to you with a beautiful operatic voice.Once, when I was way big into gymnastics (this was looooong ago), I sat at a table next to Amanda Borden. She drew me a huge picture on her table paper, and I took it home and stuck it to my wall. Ahh, special happy childhood memories.
4	Macaroni grill is one of the less offensive chain restaurants, both in name and quality it's much better than the Apostrophe S's of the world.  It's one of my family's favorite places to go so I end up here a lot.It's a restaurant that I'm in a food rut at.  I don't mean to be, but I've found the things that I like and I like them so much and are so surprised that they're served in a chain that I can't bring myself to try anything else for fear of disappointment.For starters, I always need some of their Brick Oven Formaggio.  Melted, bubbly mozzerella and parmesan bread crisps with either chicken or sausage and pepperoni - this stuff is awesome.  Since it's, you know, cheese and meat it's pretty heavy so it's great for sharing.  Also, I usually can't help but sample some of the rosemary bread dredged in the cheese as well.For my entree, I always always always get the shrimp portofino.  If you're a shrimp lover like I am, especially if you like scampis, this is a delightful dish.  Shrimp sauteed in a light lemon butter sauce and served with linguine, pine nuts, mushrooms and spinach - it really is just a great, simple dish.
3	Maybe it's because we dined @ this location about an hour before closing?I've only eaten at one other Mac Grill, and that was back on the east coast.  The one in Harrisburg, PA (new location) rocks with outstanding service, fresh foods, and a clean/inviting atmosphere.The location on Sahara in Vegas, has much to live up to!  Our server was a little on the untactful side.  He offered NO spices/herbs for the olive oil for our bread.  Those spices/herbs make a BIG difference!I ordered a side salad before my meal.  The lettuce was old and wilted.  Our server did NOT offer any fresh grated pepper or cheese.I ordered the Chicken Marsala and was now offered fresh grated cheese but no pepper.  My meal was good but maybe a little overdone.My boyfriend ordered the Mama's Trio.  His lasagna was clearly burnt and DRY!!!!  It looked like lasagna you get from a buffet.  I can't remember how the other two parts of his meal were but, clearly remember the less than desirable lasagna.Overall, the service (at this location) was adequate but not great to any extreme.  The employees all seemed to be either grouchy or in their own worlds.  Like I mentioned before, the service we've received at OTHER Mac Grills has been excellent and the employees all seemed to make you feel welcome.The restaurant was clean and comfortable.  My experience at this location has kept me from revisiting any Mac Grill.  I love the food but am afraid to be disappointed again.  Kudos goes to the Harrisburg, PA Mac Grill for great food and great service!
5	The Steak Chianti (red wine sause) with pasta was the bizomb!! The bread was the best. Also get a strawberry lemondae..I cant wait to eat their again..yummy in my tummy
4	this used to be my favorite place to eat in the neighborhood. great atmosphere , very italian. never a wait even though it's always packed & popular.they start you off with some bread to dip in olive oil & cracked pepper. they serve all pasta dishes. my favorite was the twice-baked lasagna with marinara. best pasta i have ever had. then about 6 months ago i wen for lunch and they had changed the entire menu and taken the 2x baked lasagna off the menu. what a sad day. they have a lot of dishes with asiago cheese so remember if you don't like alot of it you better tell them they load on the cheese!! great dining experience very friendly staff & food is great just a very limited
3	New Mediterrean Menu and classics like their Twice Baked Lasagna are BACK!!! @MacaroniGrill Rolling solo I decided to sit in the bar and watch the game, drin k a beer and grab a little something to eat. This place is a little fancy but very inviting and all the servers from the hostess to the waitress to the bartender to the manager are FANTASTIC!!I decided to order some Tomato Bruschetta with  grilled, rustic focaccia bread and also Lasagna Al Forno-Twice baked lasagna layered with authentic Bolognese meat sauce, ricotta and mozzarella. Topped with imported Italian tomato sauce, mozzarella and basil.After just a few moments the bartender came back with my beer and a platter of Prosciutto e Parmigiano-(Imported Italian prosciutto and aged Parmigiano Reggiano served with fig jam) AND a  COMPLIMENTARY hot loaf w/olive oil and fresh ground black pepper.Watching the game drinking a beer and eating some bread with proscuitto,cheese,and olive oil I was loving life waiting on my appetizer and entree to come out thinking I ordered WAY too much food NOT knowing they brought all this out for each table-for a family YES but one guy in the bar-I thought I was getting the VIP treatment. I mean that FIG JAM was outstanding!!!After about 10 minutes the bartender refilled my beer and brought out my Lasagna with extra sauce!! At that moment it hit me-I said Brushetta he heard Prosciutto?!?! I wasn't gonna be seeing any tomatoes tonight ...BUT no biggie the proscuitto platter was GREAT and the Lasagna was WOW!! I can't believe they took this off the menu at one time?!?I need to find out if they have a happy hour!! Loving this place again even though they screwed up my order:)
2	I wanted to try something new, so I decided to visit Macaroni Grill with a friend of mine who ate there before.....The waiter brought us some bread, I forgot what the name of the bread was but it was very hard on the outside. I ordered chicken parmigiana. The chicken was ok, the sauce was ok, but the noodles were the realllyyy skinny ones and i didn't like those at alll... I don't think i'll be going back here anytime soon.Well, at least it wasn't that busy, the INSIDE of the bread was good lol, and the waiter was really nice.
5	BOMB.I came here for the first time with my boyfriend. He used to work here so it wasn't new to him.We were quickly seated and given complimentary bread, which was very flavorful. Then we got in our mango and peach ice tea orders. Those came right away and it was so refreshing and perfectly sweetened. We ordered calamari for our appetizer. I love it so much! Perfectly breaded, not too salty, and the marinara was amazing!We decided to share a plate of pasta since we usually never finish our food if we get our own plates at an Italian restaurant. We did the "create your own pasta." Spaghetti noodles, marinara sauce mixed with alfredo sauce, chicken, mushrooms, spinach, and broccoli. Hella good! I kinda wish I had leftovers now...The ambiance was nice with the music and dimly lit setting. I liked that you could draw on the table. It gave us some pretty good laughs. All in all, definitely coming back :)
2	I used to like this place a lot.  It's near my wife's office and I would often taker her there for lunch.  They've changed the menu and added calorie counts.  Ordinarily, I get Shrimp Portofino, but upon noticing that it had a higher calorie count than Lamb, I opted for the Lamb.  I didn't mind paying a little more ($16.99 vs $12.99) for something I enjoyed especially if it was better for me, if only slightly.  Anyway, the portion of lamb they brought out was 4 small pieces of meat on 2 skewers.  It wasn't much bigger than an appetizer portion.  In fact, if the vegetables were smaller, I would say it was an appetizer.  I realized the smaller calorie count was due to the significantly smaller portion.  For $16.99, it felt like a rip off.  For that amount of money, I would expect a dinner size portion, not a glorified appetizer.  I'm not complaining about the taste.  The taste has been consistently good over the years.  I'm complaining about portion size and price.  I won't be coming back anytime soon.
2	The food is always good. The service was sucky. The waitress was super slow and it irritates me when people bring out kids meals like 20 minutes before the adults. You have to try to talk and entertain your kid while trying to eat. When i finally got a second drink at the end of the meal after being on empty for most of the meal she brought me diet instead of regular. Yuck!  The worst taste in the world is taking a big gulp of the wrong drink.
4	I've been here for lunch and dinner with my husband, in-laws, & old boss. I've had the pizza (surprisingly good), sampled the Penne Rustica (my husband's favorite, very heavy), Eggplant Parmigiana (excellent, my favorite dish here), and Honey Balsamic Chicken (excellent). Recently the menu was changed, but still decent italian food at reasonable prices. I think that since we've been to Buca Di Beppo a few times, it's my husband's favorite italian place at the moment. Popular family restaurant with an elegant ambiance with both types of seating- booth & tables- also has butcher paper and crayons (ok it's not so elegant, but it can be entertaining). The service is usually pretty good. I heard that there is an opera singer performing on weekend nights, but I am guessing it is usually reserved for saturday nights. I almost forgot to mention the bread basket, and that the server mixes balsamic vinegar into the olive oil for you (good combo). If you ask, you will get seconds. Can be pretty busy at times, so if you're unsure, make reservations to avoid waiting. If you sign up on the e-club, you get free chocolate cake on your birthday.
1	The last Macaroni Grill that I ate at was back in 2008 with my boyfriend (now husband) and we LOVED it. The atmosphere was great and it was reasonably priced.We ate here for lunch with my parents right after we got into Vegas because Urbanspoon indicated that they had gluten free options (for my mom and sister). And here is where I want to go into a little rant. If you're in the food industry, you should care about food. (I'm not talking about teenagers working as waitresses at a TGIFridays.) I'm talking about managers of restaurants who charge more than $12/plate. I don't appreciate watching someone become rude with my mother while she makes sure my sister doesn't get sick by eating YOUR FOOD. Management didn't help at all and the waitress couldn't have looked more bored. No one asked us if our food was good (because it wasn't...it was greasy) and I don't plan on going back to any Macaroni Grill in the near future.
5	Loving this place.  Yah it's a chain.  So what?  They provide a quality product at a fair price consistantly.  The chianti is great with any pasta on the menu.I always opt for the "create your own pasta".  Very reasonable and you can pick from four sauces, five or six pastas and add veggies, meat whatever you want.  Not a bad deal.  Home baked bread is 5 stars!
3	The staff is pretty cool here and the food is what you would expect from Macaroni Grill.  They have a good selection of wines including a nice table wine.  The cannoli dessert is nom nom.  My favorite dish by far is the Penne Rustica.  It's just the right amount of bad.  Ok, that's a total lie.  It's all kinds of wrong.  Pancetta, cheese, cream.  Mmmmmmmmmm.I went for dinner on a Friday eve and it was fairly empty.  Come after work with a few friends and swill down the table Chianti.  Everything else will fall into place.
4	Was super bored last night after my date flaked on me ( imagine that..a Vegas girl flaking??  NO!!! ) So I jumped on my motorcycle and decided to check this place out since it is super close to my house. Well I walk in around 7:30pm and it is DEAD, so I walk to the bar so I can relax,eat and watch some football. Not sure what the bartenders name was, redhead with shaved head. He was Great! Didn't bug me much and was always keeping me topped off on my drink and checking on me at the right  times without being overbearing. Food was chicken scallopini which was tender and moist and cooked just right. I was a little nervous at first because this place should have been packed since it was dinner time and nobody was there. It might have been the construction out front on Sahara keeping them away though, who knows. I will be back soon.
2	Went in for a meal on Sunday night.  Not a great move.  The food was really not great even for a chain italian place.  Service was good, we sat at the bar to watch the Sunday night game.  I'm still not sure if the issue was the poor food, the poor menu, or something I can't nail down.
3	It's been years since I've gone here to eat.  The food is still alright.  I don't enjoy the changes that they've made to the rosemary bread.  The portions are not as big as I remember, but still delicious.I had the Penne Rustica and my date had Mama's Plate (which was huge and according to him D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S).  I very highly recommend the Penne Rustica though don't get me wrong.Our server on the other hand, Roxanna, was flying higher than a kite of Xanex or Lortab.  She was soo out of it, we almost wanted to ask her if she was selling.
3	Shrimp portofino was good, but a little on the bland side. It need a little more sauce or salt. Free bread is always good! Caesar salad was ok not anything to write home about.
3	This is a big chain restaurant so the review here will be pretty short.Not a bad place to spend dinner with the family.  Food in my opinion is around the same caliber as that Olive Garden place.  I don't mind it, but it doesn't entirely ring true Italian down home food in my mind.  Romano's is fast, efficient, and consistent like most chain restaurants are.I'm on the cheap cheap, so I kinda don't like the prices here!  Seems a bit overpriced to me for pasta and bread.  Does anyone realize that you can easily make fresh pasta and sauce at home with some basic ingredients for a fraction of the cost??  Takes some elbow work but the results can be astounding.  Plus, guys...you can impress the girls (or guys if that's your sort of thing)!  Nothing gets the wheel turning more than cooking a meal.  Try it!  Have you ever seen Nigella Lawson on tv cooking?  She oozes pure sensuality!  Ooh la la!  She's sexy and she knows it!Back to the restaurant.  The loaves of bread are good if they come out oven warm and fresh, if you get a cold one send it back!  It can get hard as a rock.  Nothing in particular raised my eyebrows on the menu so I settled for the make your own pasta deal.  It was reasonably priced too at about $12.  You get to choose your type of pasta, sauce, and toppings.  I went with the rigatoni with meat sauce, topped with mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, and asparagus.  It was ok, but nothing to get worked up about.  Pasta was cooked al dente, but really it's just not the same as fresh made pasta.  Romano's uses pasta from a box (I think it's Barilla) but at least the quality was on the higher end.  Sauce was good to sop up with the bread.  I wish though that the dish was a larger portion, and had more of the toppings I chose because they were a bit on the stingy side.Service was with a smile, excellent dude with a good attitude and kept our drinks filled and our table clean.    The menu was fairly varied, with lots of choice between antipasti, salads, pizzas, pastas, and entrees.  I don't mind coming again every once in a while for a dining visit but it's not something I would plan out.  Typical chain.  Too many taste buds and too little time to not dine somewhere more exciting!
3	I remember when Macaroni Grill used to be one of the best places to eat not on the Strip....10 years ago. They have changed their menu some and now offer that special deal $25 bucks for 2 entrees and 2 tapas. We didn't order that as I wanted to order what I've been craving...my all time favorite, Penne Rustica! We decided to start off with the macaroni balls which were delish with the truffle oil. It wasn't busy at all for a Friday night, which was surprising to me, but I haven't been here in a couple years. My husband ordered the spaghetti and meatballs. The spaghetti wasn't even spaghetti, it was all broken 1-2" pieces of pasta. He said the sauce was flavorless and it wasn't enjoyable. My penne rustica was not what I remembered? The sauce was overpowering, chicken was dry and the penne was overcooked, I just didn't care for it. What a dissapointment! A 45 dollar dinner that wasn't even that delicious! Service was good, but I most likely won't be back. What a sad day since I used to love Macaroni Grill!
5	Great spot - yes, a chain, but good food and quick!  Ordered an order for pick up and it was ready when I arrived (less than 10 minutes!).  Food was very good as well.
3	So, it's been a while since i last ate at Macaroni Grill, so me and my boyfriend decided to eat there today.  I mean we got greeted by our server right away and our food came out right away.  Also, i didnt have much of a problem with our server except for the fact that when we got our food, he didn't check up on us at all to see if we needed anything.  He only came to our table when it was time to give us our bill.  And the food, it wasn't really good.  i guess there are so many italian restaurants out there thats similar that i put this restaurant on my bottom list.  It's not that bad, its just not that good either.
2	I have given this place more than a few fair shots. Every time I am disappointed.So going out to eat at a restaurant encompasses two major components: service and food.  Sometimes one can outweigh the other and save the outing.  Not here though.Today's lunch was a birthday lunch for some friends from the office.  We call ahead and place the order so we can accommodate the hour lunch, which kudos to this place, they took the order ahead of time.  That is the only good thing I can say.So a few of us arrive and we're gestured to our table. Not led, not even directed, just gestured in the general direction.  Uhm ok. We find the table by counting the seats at the table, we sit, and we're waiting for the rest of our party.  I'm thinking they're going to take the drink order, but no, the server says our food will be right out.  The entire party isn't even at the table yet.  What about the drink order, what about the bread, what about a greeting?I go to the restroom, and I'll say they have clean and well-stocked restrooms.  Good job. I return to the table and our meals are set around the table.  People are still missing from the table, there's no bread, and the server hasn't even asked about drinks.  Uhm ok.So since the food is getting cold I try it.  It's bland, flavorless, and the pasta is undercooked.  Really?The rest of the party arrives.  Everyone has furrowed brows in confusion.  The server reappears and then asks for the drink order.  Still no bread.  A friend's eggplant parmigiana was burned.  The replacement that came a while later was just as bland and flavorless as my pasta dish.After a few requests, there's finally bread on the table.  Which would be exciting if it weren't stale.  Past halfway through our meals, the server offers up fresh-ground parmesan.  Thanks, that would have been great at the beginning of the meal!So the meal ends.  I am doodling on the table (they do provide crayons and the table cloth is white butcher paper, so that's cool).  The check is paid.  We leave.Sadly, this is not the only bad experience here.  I've had visits where orders have been completely wrong and replacement meals have come after everyone else is done with their food, where I've been made very uncomfortable by the way-too-handsy server who creeped me out and I had to clearly indicate to not touch me again, and where I've had to flag down a random busser just to get some water.If it weren't for the fact that they take orders in advance, the clean bathrooms, and the fact that I can doodle on the tablecloth, I would only give this place one star.
4	This place was OK, not bad. I took my brother and his wife here on his birthday... he likes this place better than I do, but hey, Happy Birthday, Chris! Food was good. Ambience pretty nice... it was a comfortably warm summer night, so it was kind of like we were at a seaside restaurant (I don't really know why else I would think that). Only one reservation about this place. Our dweeb waiter was rather obnoxious. He kept asking questions that seemed a little personal... um, just bring us our food ,dumbbell.Anyway, good food, nice atmosphere, enjoyable evening. Recommended.
3	I would of gave it one more star,but there was something floating in my drink.
3	Macaroni Grill has always been a favorite of mine. I liked that they served good Italian fare and no matter which one you went to they were always consistently good. However, that all changed on my last trip. I opened the menu and to  my dismay all my favorites were gone, they had completely changed the menu. Throwing aside the classic recipes that have made them so popular in an attempt to make themselves more upscale and fancy. When I go out for Italian food Im not looking for somebody's fancy interpretation of a dish I'm looking for the real deal. Bottom line is if it's not broke don't fix it.
1	Wavering between nasty and below average throughout. Not being facetious- my waiter may have been on Meth. My friend got a salad with Parmesan crusted chicken (aka fried chicken) and was pleased. Moral of the story- get something they can't mess up = fried or a salad :)
3	Okay, so it's been a little while since I've been to the macaroni grill and I tell ya, I'm more disappointed in it now then in past times! I love Italian, but when you have a spaghetti and meatball dish and they run out of meatballs that's just a little sad! Then when you substitute with italian sausages and they are over cooked.. You know something is not right! Oh, but wait, there's more!!! The shrimp was over cooked and the sea bass I had was really over cooked and lacked flavor! What makes this bad, IT WAS ONLY LUNCH!!! Don't get it twisted, it was no late lunch, it was a 12:00pm, I would consider, early lunch! Geez!!! So, we took a chance and had desert, Cheesecake, well that too was disappointing! The strawberry goo looked every bit the part! The only way we knew it was strawberry was the pieces that weren't quite obliterated! Sad sad sad! Okay, that was the negative part... As for the good parts. The crayons for drawing kept us happy until the food showed up. The wine was quite tasty and the water was equally good!!! Oh, our server was cool too! Now would I go back for lunch or any other meal? Probably not!!! So why the 3 stars?? Well, like I said the wine, water and server were good and that's worth 2 stars!!!
1	This was some truly terrible pasta.In town for business, my colleagues and I wandered here for food one night after a long day.  We stood at the host stand for so long without being greeted that we genuinely wondered if we were standing in the wrong place.  After flagging someone in an apron down, we were finally seated.Service was friendly, but slow and, dare I say, bumbling.  Seemed like it took two tries on everything from drinks, to bread, to appetizers to get things right.  The menu was fairly limited, but there was a Make Your Own Pasta option, so two of us went for that.  We both ordered the whole wheat pasta with different sauces and toppings.Now, whole wheat pasta can be iffy sometimes, but we had faith that a pasta place could get it right.  It was, hands down, no question, the worst pasta either of us had ever had.  Undercooked, stiff, and gross, we both ended up picking around it and eating the toppings.  I couldn't tell you the last time I sent food back, but I would have sent this back if I wasn't super tired and if I thought they had any hope of doing better.The ladies room was a disgrace.  Every stall was dirty, and the only stall with toilet paper was the one with the broken lock.  A super obnoxious "Learn to Speak Italian" tape was blaring at me the whole time I was "hovering" and holding the door shut.Never again.
2	For the past year I've been wanting to return here and my girlfriend has always talked me out of it.  Let me start this review by saying:  I should have listened!I used to love the Macaroni Grill in California (Westlake Village) and was expecting this one to be on par.  It was not.  It took OVER 35 minutes for our food to arrive, and when it did, it was not good.  How freeking hard is it to cook pasta?!  Not very.  The restaurant was not particularly crowded but it seemed like we were waiting forever!  As I eagerly dug in to my pasta, I was immediately underwhelmed.  I guess the pasta iteself was okay, but the toppings and chicken were really not good.While this is far from an expensive restaurant, it does cost enough for me to expect a good meal that is well prepared.  I'll probably never go back - and I'm sure my girlfriend won't want to.
2	My husband and i used to love Macaroni Grill but a lot has changed way far below our expectations. Tonight, we had the most disappointing restaurant food in our life! However, we were lucky to talk to the manager, HECTOR who has an awesome personality. He listened & showed genuine interest and appreciation to our feedback about the food and assured us that he will personally look into the matter with his kitchen staff. As an expression of gratitiude, he offered to take our bill.  Hats off for the Excellent customer service by this manager!  I just hope he reads all the reviews on this site so he can do more to improve their business and keep their customers.
4	I'm not big on chain restaurants. But i have to say this Macaroni Grill location was impressive. Service was prompt. Anything we wanted or needed was immediately given. Our waiter knew everything about the menu, and was very helpful.  The food was good. Restaurant was clean. Not a single complaint.
5	I had the Pork Chop and Risotto OMG so good!
5	Although some think of Macaroni Grill as a chain, I think each one is a bit different from my experience. On this trip to Vegas we went here twice and it was a good choice each time. The Bruschetta is very pleasing to me and with a caesar salad it makes a full lunch! The bread and the spiced oil is fun and I have to be careful of I will eat to much bread. Any body else ever have that problem? The stuffed mushroom on our second visit disappeared almost as soon as they hit the table. (there were 10 of us for dinner)  Carmella's chicken with the Marsala wrapped it up for me! So even in the summer in Vegas when the heat is brutal, macaroni grill is a very cool place for lunch or dinner.
4	If you have ever been to a Romano's prior, there's nothing different about this one.  Pretty much the same layout (except for the fact that the hostess stand looks a bit more open), same food (with a few new selections), and good service.Pros:*  Calamari (I think I can speak for my gf & say that Romano's Calamari is bomb)!*  Bread (gotta get that bread and don't forget the oil with fresh ground pepper..yum)!*  good service*  the ambiance feels upscale (the butcher paper on your table will take you back to reality though). Cons:*  Its seems that the portions have gotten smaller (presentation has changed too).*  It took a little longer than normal to get our bill.Overall:  This is some good food and decently priced too.  I can't come to this place without ordering Calamari and filling up on some of that bread!  Romano's never disappoints.  The one thing that I noticed has changed though is that the server does not write his name on the butcher paper like they used to (they used to introduce themselves and write their name upside (to face the guests) with a crayon).  They also do not bring a bottle of house wine upon arriving to your table with fresh bread like they used to.Tips:*  Like them on Facebook & get $5.00 off an entree.  You do not need to print it, just show them on your phone and make sure to give them the coupon code #.*   As if I haven't hyped it up enough.. Try the Calamari!*  I didn't order it this time, but the Bellini here is good too!*  Romano's encourages drawing on the butcher paper so if you want to have a nice dinner with the family and you have kids that have a short attention span, this place can deliver.
4	Both the steak and salmon were terrific.  They were great about substituting the side dish so I could satisfy my pasta craving. The steak is new to their menu. We made use of their labor day special so one of the entrees was free. A very enjoyable meal. Recommended.
2	Not thrilling.We ordered take out for the office today, got a few lunch combos whole wheat fettuccine and soups, along with a couple salads.But when I informed the cashier that I wanted the daily special soup instead of the tomato, as I am allergic to tomatoes, this did not seem to affect my receiving the tomato soup, and the whole wheat fettuccine meal was bland, dry with very fatty chicken, no comment from the salad eaters.The tiramisu was very nice though, hence the two stars.
3	3 1/2 starsIt was different. I like the atmosphere and warmth this place gives, it was very inviting. The vibe was calm and I enjoyed it. At first I thought this place literally grilled macaroni and I had no idea it was based on Italian food.Service is quick and our waiter was very informative, she told us what the specials were and what kind of foods were good like the calamari. She also informed us about what kind of wine they had.At first I got water because I didn't really know what kind of drinks were available but later when I felt comfortable enough I went ahead and ordered a Mojito and it was alright, I enjoyed it though. As for my main entree, I ordered the Filet steak with mash potato w/lobster. It was good, the meat had a good sear and was juicy, not too juicy though since I got it medium well done. I loved the mash potatos, I just wish there was a little more lobster, it was something new to me and it was great experiencing it... mash potato's and lobster who'd knew?This place emphasized extra virgin olive oil almost on everything especially with the bread which left me wondering if they wanted us to hurry up and leave or it was made to make us feel full and satisfied, I assume it's to make us feel full and satisfied and I appreciate the strategy. Over all I enjoyed my experience with Macaroni Grill. I'd like to come back and check out the pasta dishes next time.
1	After the poor service at the Rainbow location we decided to use our gift certificate at the Sahara location. We got there early, just after 5 pm, and were seated promptly. We ordered the "two for $9" appetizer and they were brought just minutes apart. After finishing the appetizers but before the main course came I noticed something out of the corner of my left eye. I turned to see what it was and was astonished to see a cockroach crawling along the back of my booth seat! I grabbed my napkin and squished the roach. We called over the waiter who at first seemed to be apologizing for the slowness of the main course. I didn't want to raise my voice but he just wouldn't listen to me so I handed him the napkin and said, "There's a cockroach I just killed in here. I need a new napkin." He took it away and a couple of minutes later the manager came over and apologized profusely, which would have been great except he said they had just sprayed "last night" to get rid of roaches. So not only was a roach crawling around our table but there was bug spray all over? Even though the restaurant wasn't that busy our waiter seemed to be. He complained to us that he had "3 or 4" large parties (I didn't see any table with more than 6 people). They were one cook short in the kitchen (overheard a waitress telling the table next to us). What should have been an hour meal took almost two hours. I did email Mac Grill and got a confirmation the next day (Oct 5th) and have not heard from anyone yet. The manager did comp one entree but you know I think we've had it with Romano's Macaroni Grill, at least here in the Las Vegas area.
5	If you eat a gluten free diet, this place is perfect. If my first visit is any indication, I can say with absolute certainty that my (pasta) dish had no gluten in it. The service is excellent. The house wine is delicious. This is where you take a large party when anyone has any food allergies, or no allergies. Modest price and superb service. They are seriously on top of it. Thank you Macaroni Grill.
4	Let's just say "Olive Garden lost my business" and I rather go to Romano's Macaroni Grill. The night my husband was leaving for a long tour, he decided he wanted to go to olive garden for his last meal since its his favorite place to eat. well I called and the lady said we didnt need a reservation. well when we arrived lets just say that they had a wait time of 45 minutes I was so pissed off, and i explained our situation that hubby was leaving for a military tour and he was about to leave in 3 hours is there anything she could do for us since someone gave us wrong information and since he leaving for a long tour. she said no but you can sit at the bar, well the bar was packed too. so after walking out in tears because I was emotional wreck with hubby leaving and wanting to give him a nice dinner before he leaves. we almost just decided to give up and just go to airport but then i mentioned about a pasta place down the road, we decided to just try it. the Macaroni grill was on the 95/rainbow, lake mead locationI was shocked that this place had freaking AWESOME SERVICE!!!!! I told the waitress that we had little time and that once the food came out just to bring check and not only did we have food in less than 20 minutes but the food was amazing. I had the salmon dish and hubby had some pasta meal. we also the waitress sing opera music to us and suprisingly she was good. we also had free dessert on us for being military. I loved the food, the table you could draw on, service and the cost. I would highly recommend this place to anyone. This place def. knows how to treat their customers. we were in and out in less than 40 minutes. I was just amazed that someone listened to me and actually took the time to please the customer. GOODBYE Olive Garden.....Don't waste your time your money or time there say.Hello Romano's Macaroni Grill...where the food is actually worth going to.
3	I only frequent this place once a year, its where I went on my first date with my boyfriend 2 years ago-- So its a special place for us.I enjoy the service, very warm and friendly. We were offered a complimentary dessert in honor of our anniversary, but we were too stuffed from dinner to need any dessert. This is a good place for families and groups. I like the open kitchen plan. There is also take out option and a bar to quench your thirst if you so chose. Many items on the menu to chose from depending on what you are craving.. appetizers, soups, salads, seafood, chicken, pasta, and vegetables to name a few. See you next year! :)
5	Try the Chicken Cacciatore!! Its good!!!
4	When we arrived, we were seated for almost 20 minutes before anyone came over and even offered us a water.  We decided to leave, and were stopped at the door by Hector, the manager.  We explained to him why were leaving, and he vowed to make it right if we stayed. And boy did he. What started as a negative review gets turned right around by the problem solving of Hector. Food was excellent.  We really enjoyed the house red as well. Hector the manager was very hospitable.Eric and kaylah
1	The only thing worth eating here is the bread and oil. The spaghetti and meatballs were gummy noodles, tastless sauce (like worse than the $1 can of Hunt's at the grocery store) and tiny rubbery meatballs that seem to be from the frozen food isle. The salad was wilty. The chicken alfredo had the same gummy noodle problem and hardly any taste. If it wasn't for the gift card, I would not have eaten here. We also went on a weekend around 4pm to beat the dinner rush and when we left an hour later, there was hardly a soul in the place. Since the wait staff had hardly any table they just annoyingly bugged us about our food every 2 minutes. I like being waited on and all, but let me get a bite down before you come back. Will never go back.
3	Definitely better than it's been over the last few years.  I'm not sure if they waitress was over loaded, absent minded, or just bad at her job, but she kept forgetting stuff.  Another waitress kept picking up her slack, so that was good.
4	We were here on Saturday and to our surprise the food was actually pretty good.  We had the Eggplant Parmesan and an Eggplant Pasta.  The portions were more then the average person should eat in one sitting, but what makes that nice is you have left overs to take home.The service was very slow though, our waiter kept coming over and telling us there were only THREE people to run the entire restaurant.  I am not sure how or why that happened, so of course they made sure the bread kept coming.  I think they actually did a great job for only 3 people working the entire place which was packed and like I said the food was really good.  We were not sure about Macaroni Grill and I hope the food is prepared the same at all of their locations, because it was worth going and we will go back.
5	Pleasantly surprised at how good our meal was. It was Thursday so bottled wine was half price and you get to take home the unfinished bottle. Everything was so good, from the bread with evoo and balsamic to dip it in, to the luscious lemon dessert. Will definitely be back.
2	Oh, where do I begin??We went to Macaroni Grill for dinner because we had a BOGO coupon. The food is usually pretty good, but that night it was lacking. Mine turned out fine, but my boyfriend's was totally wrong! He asked for "sun dried tomatoes" and got just regular chopped up tomatoes, he also asked for fresh garlic and got none! The waiter was very anxious! He barely stopped to listen to what I was trying t ask for and before I was even finished with my statement he was off doing something else. It took him at least 20 minutes between coming back over to our table and doing other stuff. But when he finally did come back, he NEVER offered to refill my drink. I had to ask another waiter to get it for me. Even then, I never got it until much later!! By then, I was almost finished with my meal anyway. Then, when he brought us our check, he had the nerve to say "now that I've helped you, can you please help the kids?" I thought he was kidding at first, but he wasn't! He then went on to explain that they had some sort of contest going on to see who can get the most donations. We obviously declined. Anyway, I think we'll stick to eating on the Strip next time. At least we know what kind of service to expect there!
3	I want to like Romano's Macaroni Grill and there are aspects of it that I do like.  The bread with olive oil and vinegar for example.  Delicious.  And the paper table cloth to draw on, childish but still fun.  Also great for passing the time between your servers visits and when the food comes out.  Speaking of the food, I was less than impressed.  My table consisting of myself and three co-workers started our lunch with two appetizers.  We tried the goat cheesed stuffed peppers which were probably the best part of the meal.  They were sweet and creamy and topped with a drizzle of thick balsamic.  They came out a lot smaller than I had expected.  Still good though.  We also tried the spicy sausage and peppers.  This dish was okay but not wonderful.  The peppers had a spicy and slightly smokey flavor.  The sausage was crispy.  Almost too much so for me.  For my lunch I ordered the chicken and mushroom canelloni.  It looked great but was lacking a very important feature.  Mushrooms.  I think I found one piece of what looked like canned mushrooms.  That was a disappointment.  And the chicken was not like what I expected.  It was small chunks of chicken that seemed previously prepared and arrived in bulk.  The pasta itself was dry as if the dish was put under a heat lamp or into an oven before the sauce was added.  The quality and freshness of food here was just lacking from my perspective.  as for the service, not bad but not outstanding either.  Our server, Chris, was new and claimed to be fresh out of training.  He was noticeably nervous. He did get all the orders correct and I give him credit for that.  I have to knock a few points off overall service though for seating four people at a table with clearly two settings and wating until we asked for more before bringing more.  We told the host/hostess that we were a group of four and waited 10 minutes for a table to be "prepared."  I would think with the time that passed they could have managed to put to extra settings on the table.  I think from now on I will stick with Olvie Garden.
1	We came here on a gift card, thank god!  the food is terrible, as if they are trying to cut costs with cheap product.  Service is good, food is a mess.
2	I have to rate this location a 2. Service was mediocre (server was unattentive, all over the place, rude, and even had personal conversations with her coworker on the other side of the room), location is ridiculous (have to make a left turn and circle the plaza just to get to the parking), food was terrible (bland, felt plastic, and the birthday dessert we had for my boyfriends birthday was ROCK solid. I've never had a chocolate dessert where it took a knife to cut through) and not to mention the fact that all the servers were yelling at the cook. I've had better service before but this particular time was just terrible. I don't think I'll be visiting again or any time soon. I was hoping I would receive the best of the best considering the many good reviews but I guess you have to come in at a good time to receive exceptional service. Nonetheless, it was "ok".
1	Worst service we have ever had at this place.  We came in with a group which seems to overwhelm this place to begin with, but there was just no excuse.  We ordered two appetizers for just myself & my wife almost immediately and it took almost 45 minutes.  The servers came and took orders for 20 people in our party, brought drinks, eventually came back with salads for all who got salad with their lunch and STILL no appetizers.Finally the server brought out two appetizers however only ONE was what we ordered, the other we did NOT and could not eat it because of our diet.  Finally what we ordered came out.Then our main dishes came out and my wife's fish was over cooked, it was served with rice and NO vegetables instead of all vegetables like she asked for.  The entire experience was very upsetting and sad.  We may give them another try but I will not go out of my way to go back here as the service is one thing, they can get overwhelmed, but the food being overcooked, no excuse.
5	The food was absolutely delicious our server was outstanding we had a great time.  I would recommend the Seabass the red wine was delicious, salad the service what a great experience, we had a wonderful experience and we will definitely come back!
1	I love this restaurant but today it was the worst experience ever!!! Server was not nice at all and the food was horrible not to mention the service.... A place I would never come back.....
4	Wanting to get off The Strip for calmer atmosphere and reasonable prices we went here and glad we did.  We had eggplant parm, chicken parm, lobster ravioli and 2 kids meals (pizza and spaghetti & meatballs).  Everyone enjoyed their food and the service was friendly and attentive.
4	Oh wow has the food at this place got better or what? I went in here with my friend and we had what was a prefix meal. It started with the quinoa salad which was amazing really amazing and then we had a main dish plus you get the bread we had wine it was fantastic I would highly recommend it
1	Worst service I've ever had. Waited 45 min for 2 dishes and the restaurant wasn't busy. We never even had a waitress. Just random workers checking on us and apologizing. Very disappointing. This used to be one of my favorite places to eat.
2	It was only after we were seated that they let us know no pizza was available due to an issue with the oven.  Didn't go over well with three kids in group.   Waiter dumped a heap of cheese on a dish instead of slowly shredding it.  Service was well intended, but not very good.  It's sad to see this chain slipping into oblivion.   This location is no exception.
5	Yum!  Who doesn't like Macaroni Grill. I love authentic and hole in the wall local places, but I can appreciate a good chain restaurants too. They start you off with fresh warm bread to dip in Olive oil. Then our super friendly waitress Sarah offered us a taste of the house red wine.  I liked it, but was driving, so decided not to partake. I ordered two appetizers for $9, and chose the Goat Cheese Peppers and Fried Zucchini.  Both were very good, but the peppers were a little too sweet for me.  They taste like a sweet pickle, so if you like them, you will love these. My main course was the Brick Chicken with a side of Angel Hair Pasta in Lemon Butter sauce. Both were very good.  The chicken was super crispy on the outside and juicy in the middle. The pasta was light, but buttery and cooked very well. Of course I was entirely too full to eat all this and ended up with a huge Togo box. We'll be back.
1	Sat down and ordered a drink. Drink came. Olive oil came. No bread. Waiting 14 minutes for waiter to come back and take order. He didnt. It wasnt even busy. He was up at the front on the phone. I left $10 on the table and walked out in disgust.
1	Horrible and Worst service I've ever had! It's too slow in spite of not busy at all around 2:30PM.We just got drinks and Olive oil&black pepper, that's all.And I don't know why though without bread. Our waiter who is bartender didn't care at all so we did wait to order for 10min. It's waist of time totally.So we left there, just leave $10 on the table. What a lucky bartender!! Anyway I would never back this restaurant.
4	The big disappointment for me here is the ever-changing menu. You know that crabbing for a specific meal from a specific location that you get? I had that. Seems they change the menu here often and you can't get the former menu items once they are gone. I don't get that. That aside, the food is still always great here. The staff is super friendly. We arrived at 11:05 am, but waited for another person in our party to arrive. I took the opportunity to go wash up but imagine my surprise when I opened the door to the ladies' restroom only to find the cleaning GUY standing in there! He seemed irritated by my interruption of his cleaning and seemed increasingly irritated that I told him I'd wait outside until he was done. He was the low point of my visit but since he wasn't cooking or serving my food, I'll still come back to eat.
1	Very disappointed in the catering service! I called to order a meal to feed 20 people. I was so embarrassed and hungry when the food arrived.  It looked like they brought enough to feed 10 people. It looked like they skimped us on the order.  They brought us more salad than any of the chicken or pasta that we ordered. The chicken breasts were cut in half. So 24 half of a chicken breast really was 12 chicken breasts. Surely not enough to feed 20 people! The caterers should have known better. You could tell they didn't know what they were doing. I know I was still starving after this meal, and not everyone got to eat. Very very disappointed! My worst fear of not ordering or having enough food has happened!
1	Need to start off with a quick, all encompassing comment to sum up this dump, BOOOOOOO! It took literally ten minutes for a waiter to meander his way to our table ofter being seated, and the restaurant was only about half full at lunch time. And this is the reasoning for the BOOOOOO! assessment...Service? I was there with my wife and son, but there were only two place settings on the table. I asked for an additional place setting prior to ordering our meals, and when did they bring it? Not two minutes later, not five minutes later, not ten minutes later. It was around five minutes AFTER our meals had arrived that I finally got up and took a place setting from the table next to us, on my own accord! And our waiter walked past the station with the place settings AT LEAST eight times during this period. My F-in pasta was cold by then! In addition, we had to ask for water literally three times before we got it, and again, this was over a ten minute period! Our son's lemonade required equal prodding and requests, we asked at least three times over a ten minute period. Management needs to seriously re-think training, or just cut their loses, and rehire fresh help that knows what they're doing. Food? my spaghetti was mediocre, I've made better at home. Wife's pasta, chicken with cream sauce was very, very dry, as was the chicken. same problem with our son's butter noodles, way too dry, butter almost non-existent. I understand that the sauce is the most expensive component in a pasta dish (pasta itself is dirt cheap, especially in the volume that restaurants purchase), but you can find more effective cost cutting measures than skimping on the sauce. I hate to say it, but overall, all of the Macaroni Grill trips we've made of late seem to be on par with our experience here. We're from California and the trend of bad service and management seems the norm now. This sucks because we get Brinkers gift cards all the time. Between these jokers and the other Brinker options, Chilis, Maggianos, and On the Border, the one stand out is Maggianos. Their food and service is always top notch. We're sticking with Maggianos from here on out. With the classic pasta dishes there, you get one meal there, and one to take home free. You can't beat that with a stick. And the really bad part? You'll never see ANY Macaroni Grill manager ever respond to ANY YELP feedback at ANY location. When I chase my son around to tickle him and I finally get him cornered, he'll turn around and put his hands over his eyes, a child's thought being, "if I can't see him, he's not there". Same modus operandi with Macaroni Grill management, it seems.BOOOOOOOOO!Cheers.
4	I haven't been to this restaurant since I was a kid.  Food was exactly how good it was back then probably better. Same delicious bread with oil and vinegar to start off. We ordered the Mac n cheese bites and spicy meatballs for appetizer for $9.50 pick 2 deal. Cheese bites were outstanding!  For my entree I had chicken parmigiana and my brother had lasagne. Both were excellent.  I enjoy a simple spaghetti sauce and the one on the chicken parm hit the spot. Great dinner and can't wait to go back!
