1	I took my car in many times to have it washed and it wasn't bad at all. But then I took my BRAND NEW CAR in they broke off one of the knobs and tried to lie about it. I SAW THE GUY DO IT! It took them 4 months to "get the part in" after weeks of calling and harassing them. Then to find out they installed a part that wasn't correct so I had a knob... but it didn't work. My boyfriend took the parts of the broken knob and the new knob with the wrong connections and made it work... 6 MONTHS LATER!!!I STRONGLY suggest not taking your car in to this location, IF YOU DO WATCH THEM!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I use this Dannys for all my oil changes and detailed services and most of the washes. They have also done some extra stuff like flushes of the tranny etc. The ticket writers can try to stiff arm you info into a service but be strong. The oil/lube guys also try to upsell, but only if you really do need it. I test them sometimes and will flush my radiator and see if they still recommend it. LOL They do a great job of checking all the fluid levels etc. I trust them more then the retards at Walmart. The car wash guys do a good job for the washes but if you want a great job get the car detailed. MAN are they good. PS there are coupons on the website.
5	I learned of Danny when my boyfriend treated my new ride to a much needed spa day at Dannys. It takes a bit of time.. It's not a drive thru wash that you find at the local gas station... It's a hand job .. Yep that is right .. A nice wash.. A nice buff.. Vac.. & for a bit more upholstery stains out..& scratches from dummies who don't care about those of us who have nice cars.. Gone. Danny is a complete 10 to me and my Beemer.. But I can only 5star him!
5	I was here 2x over the weekend. Each time was great. The guys in oil lube do a great job checking all the fluids and air pressure etc. The was guys did a great job this time. There were no complaints at all. I love that I can fill up with fuel (discounted) change the oil, inflate tires, add washer fluid, get the carpets vacuumed, and my car washed in less then an hour.I swear they drive better when clean.
4	Went in for a windshield rock chip repair and it turned out adequately.  Left a little residue on the outside that is visible but it was all charged to my insurance, so that's good.  They even through in a full car wash.
1	Terrible car wash. They are so busy that they let the vehicles air dry instead of wiping them down but when they do wipe them it's with a wet towel.   Worst car wash ever. Streaks where they did wipe down. Windshield dirty inside and out. Road and bug residue all over the front after the wash. Outside rubber and plastic treatment applied with many missing spots.   They may do good elsewhere but don't recommend this place at all.
3	Sometimes GREAT sometimes just OK...
5	AAAAA for saving my car! A man knock on my door today with wife and child. Asked me if he could fix a small dent on my shiny black 300z for a $120. When he can to my door to collect the money I thought my car was a total. There was bonding material all over my car. I had originally told him that if he did a good job on my car..he could do a larger job on my other vechicle. So I told him I would not pay him until he was able to get the bonding material safely off my car. He got so upset that I felt very threaten. I gave him $40 and told him I was taking it to Danny carwash to see what they could do. Danny carwash saved my car paint job and took hours to do it!! ART from Danny was very honest with me and said there was a good chance I had permanent damage to my car. They worked very hard and got it almost back to normal. They forget to vacuum my vehicle and I would still give them 10 stars if I could. Thanks ART and all the Danny carwash team!
4	I haven't managed to find a car wash that I'm a 100% satisfied with. I took the car here yesterday and my only problem was, I wasn't able to tell from inside when the car was done. I had a baby with me and wasn't anticipating waiting out in the heat, so when I saw it parked, I knew it had been done and probably for a while. I saw a few missed spots as far as the cleaning service. The outside back window could have been shined up and some of the dirty markings on the seat and door were missed. Overall, I was a satisfied customer
4	Not all Danny's Car Washes are the same that is for sure. I like going to this particular location because they really do a good job on my car. I find it that if you go early, like when the first open, they are EXTRA attentive to your car. There have been other locations that no matter when you go, they just don't seem to do as good of a job as this location. Sad but true.So if you are able to visit this particular location, my suggestion to you is go early. :)
4	I am usually happy with they service the provide . They have performed three services for me: 1. Window tinting, they did a good job. 2. Detail car wash, decent job but for the price probably not worth it.3. Standard wash, they do a fine job here no problems no qualms.
1	I visited Danny's Car Wash on Wednesday 3/14 at 4:12 p.m. When I entered that car wash area. I put my car in park while talking to the car wash representative. He asked me what kind of gas I wanted and I told him to put Premium gas into the car. Then he told me to turn the car off so he could fill it up. My car was already in park. After he finished filling my tank, I started the car, and pulled it forward to the yellow line, as instructed. I left the car on and put it in park again. There were no liquids in my car at the time and my car gear shifter was clearly working, as it had been for all the time we have owned the car. When I went to pick up the car, the gear shifter no longer worked and the car would not automatically shift into higher gears. Immediately, I went to speak to the manager, Adam. He told me that he has no idea what is wrong with my car, and refused to take any responsibility. He referred me to the corporate offices. I went straight home, driving in first gear the whole way with my hazard lights on. I immediately called the corporate offices and spoke to Cory. He referred me to Brian. I spoke to Brian at 4:45 pm on Wed 3/13 and he initially told me that Danny's would need to do some research on the cause of the problem. Then, I spoke to him again at 5:30 pm on Wed. Brian told me that Danny's would cover the cost of the repairs if it was determined that it was due to water damage entering into the gear box (located in the center console). He referred me to Schumacher dealership. I took the car into Schumacher (driving it without shifting) on Thursday morning. I spoke to Paul Olsen. He ran diagnostics on my car and determined that the cause of the problem was located in the gear shifter box. There was damage to the gear shifter box indicative of possible water damage. There was no damage prior to entering the car wash. There was damage when I received my car back from your representative. The responsibility is clear in this case. Danny's needs to do the right thing and pay for the repairs of my car. I am very upset with how this is being handled. I spoke to Brian this morning and he told me that Danny's refused to take responsibility, although he previously said that we would be compensated for the cost of the repairs. He is now saying there is now way of proving how the damage happened. Of course not. There is no way to prove it, but the fact is that your cleaning personnel use liquid on the interior of the car and there was damage incurred during the process. This situation needs immediate attention. -Colleen Adams480-258-4703
4	So we went in with a mess and came out squeaky clean! I told them they were being rated on Yelp and they did great. Even though their over-all rating seems to be unsatisfied customers, I think they did awesome. Good thing, they're right down the street! Took 2 hours to get everything cleaned and detailed but for a car that needed a make over...I can't complain. Tipped the 3 guys that were working on the car and took a pic, we even got another Free car wash for later use!
4	I come here at least once a month and I've never had a complaint. Everyone works quickly, the convenience store is well stocked, cashiers are friendly, and my car comes out nice and clean. If I notice a missed spot, they are right there to fix it.
2	I got my car detailed here and I was in disbelief when I got my car back. There were little things here and there that were not cleaned. When I spoke to the manager about it he said that I could bring my car back and they'll work on it again. I brought my car back and the manager was very nice despite me ripping him a new one over the phone. I apologized and thanked him for allowing me to bring my car back. I'm still not completely satisfied. They tried to get spots out of the roof of my car and now there are water marks all over the roof. Next time I need my car detailed I am taking it to a dealership where they actually pay attention to detail.
4	Pretty good car wash
4	I go to  Danny's on Bell rd. & 3rd ave a about 3 or 4 times a month for a car wash. I have always been treated well and with respect. They used to really push the up sale hard but lately not so much. Which is a pleasant change. They usually do a good job on exterior cleaning. Interior cleaning can be hit or miss. Sometimes fantastic, Other times not so great. If I'm not satisfied I ask that it be cleaned properly before I drive away. There is never a problem with that. They seem to want you to leave satisfied with the work.  Also quality seems to depend on how busy they are and/or staffing levels. Try to go at off peak times and avoid weekends. Additionally the mornings seem better before employes are worn out at days end. For an assembly line car wash Danny's is well above average. Like most things there is room for improvement. They also provide many other services including oil change and detailing. I have no experience with anything other than the actual car washing.
1	I have been to several of these, mostly Tatum/Cactus. Although they are speedy and attentive to you, the quality is poor. They always do a subpar job on your vehicle, probably because they are so rushed. The attention to detail is missed.  Especially with the amount of money you pay them for the service, you would think that the quality would be much better.
4	No one ever totally cleans your car perfectly. They are friendly though!
1	Went in for an oil change and free basic car wash.  The oil change seems to be fine but they did a half ass job on the car wash.  They left water spots on the front bumper and greasy hand prints on the door.  They also walked around the truck bed leaving black foot prints all over the truck.  My truck is white making it easy to see the sloppy work.I get much better results from the $7.99 car wash at Costco. The cost of the "free" car wash is built into the price of the oil change.  The work they did wasn't worth $1,  I won't waste my money here again.
1	This place seems to keep going down in quality each time I go.  I think I'm done.Took my truck in to get oil change and free wash.  Guy asked if I wanted premium for $6 more.  "No thanks".  Deluxe wash for $3 more?  "No".  Are you sure?  Yes.  Thats just me ranting, I find sales pitches annoying.  Guy from shop (I don't consider them mechanics) came and showed me my air filter and asked if I wanted a new one, to which I say of course.  I'm pretty used to my air filter costing between $11-$12.  When the shop guy came back he informed me my total was $57.72!!!  The air filter cost $20 and he didn't tell me.  Awesome.  When I picked my car up after the wash I could tell it was a half ass job of cleaning it.  Not one, not two, not three, but FOUR oil smears on my steering wheel, door panel, dash board, and hand brake.  Horrible visit that just cost them a customer.
1	What the hell did I pay for? Today was the first time and the last time I ever used Danny's Family Car Wash. My car hasn't been washed in over a month and I just didn't feel like doing it myself so I went with the VIP wash, with the hope of paying more maybe I would get a really good car wash. WRONG......my car was still dirty when I got home. Wheels still dirty as hell and dust and dirt all over my dashboard......It should have tipped me off that they only took about 6mins with my car.
2	I've come here before so when I needed an oil change before heading out of town, I thought I'd try them again. I went for a synthetic oil change and a full detail because of the water spots on my car (the things you learn while living in the desert). The guy told me it would take 2 hours and here I am 4 hours later still waiting. They told me my car was ready and it looked great on the outside but the inside wasn't touched, even with a full detail. They left a rag on my front seat and didn't even put the mats back in. I was on my hands and knees trying to clean it, that's bullshit considering I just paid almost $300 for service, parts and detail. I told the guy and he "didn't see" that it included an interior vacuum and said it would take 10m. RIGHT, because that gives me confidence that you'll do a thorough job. Went inside and asked for the manager. He agreed that I was completely right and his solution was to get me to come back--and waste more time? No, thanks. He then said he'd get another guy working on the car to speed it up and offered me a voucher for a free wash for next time. Not an ok offer, and I'm moving out of town. The kicker: it's  a "slow" day. Other than a basic wash, I would not recommend this place. Spend your money and time somewhere else.
1	I went there for a full service car wash. The job they did was really bad. Not going there ever again.
1	Thanks for scratching and dinging up my car
2	Not sure if I will be back. Tried this one out because of the location and they didn't seem to be at all interested in what I asked for. Back to the Raintree location for me...
1	I went to dannys car wash on 9-06-13 to get  the works car wash....Art a sales person ended up selling me a complete detail which was supposed to be a 3 stage paint treatment which removes all fallout and oxydation from sun ... also headlight restoration and complete interior detail which includes shampooing the inside... so I took it to get it detail on 9/15/13 the top of the car didn't get done still faded also the seats at all spotted missed the headlights and they scratch my tail lights ... forgot to do windshield so I spoke with Tim the manager which he apologize and promise to re do it telling me that they had a new employees and they were new right out of training ... so when I spoke to the gm asking for refund he said that Tim told him everything got done the way it was supposed to the liar... even do I have his signature on my copy saying detail not completed... just a ripe off taking my $290 just like that .. won't recommended will only take your money and damage your lights ...
1	I am extremely upset with my recent treatment at the 3rd Ave and Bell facility. My rear view mirror was damaged during a recent visit. This is the same car wash that I've gone to for 10 years and taken many cars to over that period. I never had a problem previously.The manager Josh was understanding. We filled out an incident report form, he asked me to get a quote for replacement of the mirror (it was not simply detached from the glass, but the joint that allows it to rotate was completely damaged), and he assured me that Danny's would cover the cost of fixing the mirror. I went to the dealer promptly for a repair quote, and because the mirror has electronics within it, a compass, and  special sensors for night driving, etc., it is very expensive: $918 to replace and install.I returned to Danny's a few days later with the quote and was told that Josh was no longer there and the new manager, Nigel, stated that Danny's will never pay for the broken mirror. He basically told me that I was lying and that it was broken when I came in.Nigel directed me to Ted at corporate. I reached Ted earlier today and he promptly said that "we are denying your claim." He then hung up on me.I'm giving them one more shot to make it right and then plan to make it difficult for them.
4	I was visiting family and took my sister's car to get a wash after our long road trip from Chicago. They did a great job here. They were friendly, had a military discount, did a very thorough cleaning and were very nice. They removed her antenna's and had a nice system of cleaning the cars. The only complaint I had was that it took way too long from start to finish. We were there almost an hour, if not just over an hour. It was just too long but they did a great job and we were very happy with it.
1	Great for a car wash but oh my god on the up-sells when you get an oil change. Seriously they are so hard to deal with when they upsell you constantly. Windshield, detailing, fluids, filters..it goes on and on. It just really ruins it and I will just go to walmart where they won't hassle me non stop. Lost customer.
1	BEWARE: Multiple items STOLEN from glove box. Noticed missing items and returned within 5 minutes and was essentially told tough luck you have no proof but you can have a free wash next time. Ultimately,  shame on me for forgetting the items in there to begin with but really?
1	I've used Danny's for years, in fact I did work for the company for a number of years also, so I supported their business until a recent event that I will never do business with them again!   To my fellow Arizonians, the guys at first take in are on commissions, so they will sell you the moon, guarantees, refunds, whatever to get you to sign, once the sell is complete, you are stuck & Ted @ corporate can't remember one conversation from the next, so obviously there is a lot of complaints, I got nailed for 200 bucks written right on my ticket, but the sales receipt says "All sales are final", drive past this place, bad news, read the reviews.   In final, the workers in my vehicle vacuumed up all my loose change in my ashtray & daily they split up everything at the end of the day as tip money. Ted, management, whoever deny or make shotty excuses & it is at the consumers risk to use them. Do yourself a favor & go elsewhere. The 200 charge I got stuck with (a full detail) I gave it away, I'll never use them again!
2	3rd ave and bell rd locationAnnoying window replacement people always run up and offer to replace the windshield with my own insurance?? umm no thank you and the up sells on the carwash are ridiculous, all i want is "the works" not a full leather treatment and a wax/buff.. I don't care for the special pricing.. Hopefully this location will improve!
1	I never done this before, taking a rain check.  So here what happened: We washed our car on February 27th and guy who washed it told us because there were supposed to be a rain Friday, Saturday, to bring it back and they will wash it for free....never mentioned it to us that there is a time frame (of course i didn't assume that i can take it in a month or so and still get it for free). We came back on the March 6 to get it washed (4 days after the rain).  And what we hear? No, you can not do this because it had to be 72 hours after the rain.  Like I said never done it before, nobody told us about 72 hours time range.  And Thursdays are the only day off for us.  So rude, so not helpful....they could of done something, instead they lost a client.  Never coming Back There, Never Again!
1	Terrible service. Manager rude and disrespectful and the gas price posted not what is charged. Took coupon and blamed us for not presenting when we questioned bill. Rude rude rude Will never ever return.
1	I visited this Danny's for an interior detailing back in February.Upon completion, I noticed that the 5 CD's that were in my side door pockets were missing...along with everything else that had been in my side doors.I sent an email through their website notifying them that they had either been stolen or thrown away on accident and asked for $40 to replace them.I spent almost two weeks emailing back and forth with Heather who is the VP of Operations.  She sent me several emails asking for more details (ex: where were the CD's? Was there a plastic bag of personal belongings left in my car? What CD's were there?)In the end, Heather quoted company policy basically saying I was at fault for leaving valuables in my car and that the company isn't liable for anything that happens to my car after they take possession.She offered me a $50 gift card as an apology but needless to say I will not be visiting Danny's ever again and I will tell everyone I know to steer clear.I hope my technician is enjoying my Justin Timberlake CD.
1	This place sucks! Had to tell them to vacuum my car again when I said why my inside looked so opaque customer survive guy said obviously the services are rushed were busy. Paid for the VIP. Waste of money. My car doesn't smell so I didn't get my air freshmen and my inside was def not dressed. And to top it off they parked my car underneath a tree with pollen falling. Fail!!!!
1	Very Bad service... with VIP service, took over an hour and did not even clean goodThere were water marks. Seats were not even wiped off. Back was not even vacuumedCup holder not ever cleaned.  Overall very bad service. Waste of money!!!
1	Just watched an oil tech repeatedly abuse an injured pigeon in the service bay including kicking it several times and throwing a wrench at it. The manager didn't seem to care that it was visible to everyone in the waiting area (children were present) I will NEVER spend another dime here again. Totally disgusted. Pigeon or not it is a living thing. Thankfully a lot attendant moved the pigeon across the lot. I feel sick to my stomach.
1	Date of service was 4/27/2014:I just happened to be in the area and though this place would be awesome. I requested the VIP service and added on the leather conditioning for the seats. I was in one lane and after specifying what wash/extras I wanted, someone else came over and said I could move to another lane where it'd be quicker since nobody was in that one. So I moved lanes and went inside to pay and wait. After I waited to pay (while the cashiers were just sitting in the back talking with each other as a line formed behind me), I noticed that whoever was supposed to be vacuuming my car, was on a phone and kind of glanced in my car while holding the vacuum hose then just shut my door and tossed down the hose. I assumed it was because they were done with that part of the service. Then, after my car went through the automated part of the car wash, I proceeded to wait outside and my car was parked behind 3 other cars to be finished. By the time mine made it to the front and was finishing up, I had been at the car wash for an hour. I've never been at a car wash for an hour! If I had know it'd take that long, I wouldn't have stopped. The times on the cars behind me showed that most had only been there about 15-20min at that point. Then, I asked about the trunk/storage area in the SUV, if it should have been vacuumed or not. The guy working on my car didn't know but the guy working on the car behind mine told him it should have been- that the whole car gets vacuumed. Well, it wasn't so he took a little blower to try to get the stuff out of the storage/trunk area and it didn't work very well. I also noticed that the windows/windshield weren't cleaned very well and I had black stuff on my rims after they "cleaned" them. And they only vacuumed the driver's floor mat- no place else in the car was vacuumed! Also the cup holders weren't wiped out. I didn't bring it to anyone's attention besides the two mentioned because I had already been there an hour and was just wanting to get out of there! Plus, I saw their "answer" for vacuuming my car that didn't work so I still wouldn't have been happy until they used a real vacuum on it. Will NEVER return!!!
2	Came in today for VIP  wash.  It was just ok.  Outside of car is fine.  Inside I have a grease stain on passenger seat, the console , stick shift area us all dusty still and the door panels are dusty still.  It all should have been clean as part of VIP .  Not impressed. But I didn't notice till after I drove off and they closed at 6.
1	**Must Read***I wish I didn't have to give this any stars, but in order to leave a review I had to. I've been a loyal Danny's customer for years. My loyalty has expired and here is why. Yesterday I took my car in for a wash. It hasn't been washed in a long time (a week). I'm automatically greeted with a huge up-sale. The guy wants to sell me a full detail. So I took him on and tested his knowledge; I played stupid. So how long has it been since this car was waxed?  He replies with at least two years (it was six months ago and my car is only a year old). Next I ask about my leather. He also states at least two years ago (again my car is only a year old and my leather was treated last month, at Danny's). So I finally came clean and told him what I thought of his scam and told him about my cars history. His response was "sorry sir have a nice day" as he handed me my ticket. A VIP wash took almost two hours. They were backed up at the vacuum area and there were at least 5 or 6 guys vacuuming. Ever since the police raid and investigation this place has slowly gone down the tubes. At the dry line I heard staff talking about going to a party and smoking "weed". One of them stated "I'll be so lit tomorrow morning cause I have to be back at 7". A message to ownership:It is time to part ways. You will not survive with this motto. You've survived chapter 11 bankruptcy, but you won't a 7. Sell now and let someone else rebuild this brand, if that's even possible. You'll need someone with a strong business and customer service background. And news flash, your staff is dishonest and until you start firing employees they will continue to steal and lie. Not to mention partake in illegal activities. Telling your customers that your staff didn't do it to get out of compensation is just plain ignorant.
1	I have been there three times all three times have been horrible. The first time they simply did not vacuum the back seat; just skipped it. I had tipped $15 and had to turn around and get it vacuumed as they talked about how there was dog hair in the back in Spanish and how gross it was. They also said in Spanish I better tip; Mind you I had just tipped $15.  The second time, I get on my car the seats in the back were not done at all. I go back around and there happens to be someone there and he says he is over this location and others and here to look at the vacuums specifically because there have been complaints. He looks at my car says it's horrible the vacuum job. I told him that I have been here twice and had horrible experiences with vacuum and customer service and will not be back. He begs me to give them another try. Months later, I decide to. It's 5:08 on a Sunday. I pull in the vacuum guy makes eye contact several times and looks to the oil change bay where MANY people are hanging out. One of the guys in the blue shirts sees me and runs inside to get a drink and continues to hang out. The vacuum guy pulls car in front of me up and disappears. Blue shirt comminuted to hang out talking; looks over 4 times. I assume they are closing or closed so back out and reverse. Never once does the blue shirt guy or any of the MANY people in the bay flag me down or try to stop me. I leave at 5:18 call and found out they are open till 6. Never again.
4	Worst and Best car wash I've ever gotten. And here's why...I went on Saturday morning about 11am and finally got out of there about 40 minutes later. I was in lane 3 (the REALLY SLOW lane). I expect that if it's taking a LONG time, maybe I'm getting extra care and a great wash. I was wrong. I finally get out of there and as I'm leaving and pulling out onto Bell Rd I notice that my dash wasn't even wiped down. I quickly came back and spoke with Rich (white shirt) and he took care of it and made it the best wash I have ever gotten from Danny's. He found LOTS of issues and made sure that I was happy with my wash. He said that he would be having a discussion about quality control with them the next day at their meeting. As a former Danny's employee, I know that sometimes you get really backed up and want to get through them quickly, but you have to remember that the customer is paying for this service and, in most cases, tipping on top of it so the quality needs to be as high as possible.  Because of Rich, I will be back!
1	I love going to other locations, but this one is the worst. One of the guys helping me out tried to get me to buy a CD that he made, which was unprofessional and incredibly annoying. I upgraded my wash and paid extra, however they did not do anything extra, and hardly got my car clean at all. I will never go to this location again, it was such a disappointment. The location by pv mall is the only one I have had exceptionally good service at.
1	Worst place to go! This was my third visit and all three times horrible and thought I would give it another try, so third strike your out!  The manager personally made sure the car was done correctly when I returned dissatisfied.  I will not be returning. I will be going to the arrowhead location if I go to Danny's at all.
1	Worst carwash ever! Over paid not satified they didnt vacum the car, dash not done bunch on young kids dont care. Do not go to this location they suck! I will not go back again.
1	*PLEASE READ*This review gets only one star because I can't give it negative stars.This car wash is absolutely unacceptable. The employees have stolen all of my change every single time I have taken my car for a wash. Whether it's a few cents or a few dollars in change, it's always missing and when I have confronted the person who finished my car they act like I am absolutely crazy, and still expect a tip.Also, they don't even vacuum my car correctly, dry off my car correctly and I have to ask them to wipe parts down still that have water spots on them, along with the interior of my car still being dirty and my dashboard still has dust all over it.I have to inspect my car each and every time  I take my car to get washed here, and when I ask them to finish it and do the job correctly they give me the stink eye and a dirty look and have a bad attitude about it.Then they always seem to forget that my wash includes an air freshener and a tire shine and when I remind them to do that they also give me a bad attitude.All this occurs and they still expect a tip when they already stole my change which I think is complete BS. I confronted the manager the last time I was there and he acted like it wasn't a big deal, he really didn't care, and said this situation happens a lot of the time and offered me a complimentary wash.I told him that isn't going to solve the problem and frankly I don't want a free wash, I want my money to stop being stolen.If you are going to get a car wash, go to a different place because you will leave extremely dissatisfied, angry, and possibly something will be missing out of your car.
1	I called Danny's corporate office and filed a complaint. I was told by the receptionist, after she took down my complaint of my money being stolen and the lousy car washes I have received, that I would be expecting a call from a general manager within two business days. Two business days had passed and I never received a call. I called and spoke to the same receptionist and she put me on hold for over 15 minutes and no one came back on the phone so I just hung up and said screw it.An hour later I then finally received the call from a general manager and his response and concerns of what had happened was very astounding.He told me that all they could do was give a free wash and that he would speak to the store manager. I also mentioned that other reviews on yelp had mentioned that they have had things stolen from them as well and you know what he told me?I WOULDN'T TRUST YELP IF I WERE YOU, YOU CANNOT TRUST WHAT PEOPLE WRITE ON YELP.Well guess what pal, you just lost my business and I'm never going to Danny's crappy car wash again! See ya!
1	What a difference make the change of personnel, what a sad experience today Sunday September 21st! There were only 4 cars in the detail area and took almost 10 minutes for some one to start working in my car, after 15 minutes when my car was ready, I had to call the guy who was detailing it to clean again my windshield, inside and out! I missed all the Hispanic personnel, men and women who worked there before, with sense of urgency, worry to make a good work and send customers on their way, with their cars really clean and sharp. What a difference today. I am not planning to come back to this place!
1	10-13-14 at 345 I went to this car wash and ordered a VIP wash.  50 minutes later my car was FINALLY finished.  Here is the deal, if you are short staffed- hire people. Instead of complaining - I want to point out a employee who I have watched on several occasions.  This employee works his tail off.  His name is Luke.  I always hope my car ends up in his line.  Today Luke washed 5 vehicles 2 were double cab 4x4 trucks with lifts and the other 3 were average in size.  He had no help.  He washed these five vehicles in the time it took the two slow pokes to wash my tiny little honda accord.  MANAGEMENT GET WITH THE PROGRAM.  1 GUY FINISHES 5 VEHICLES IN THE TIME IT TAKES 2 GUYS TO WASH MY TINY CAR.  HOW IS THIS POSSIBLE?  Luke, I will be personally writing your CEO to inform him about your work ethic. For anyone else ready this... I'd avoid this Dannys as it is super slow and under staffed!
1	I waited on the first line for a really long time and they took care of someone who pulled up well after me and I don't know why. So that was my first impression.They don't carry windshield wiper fluid which seems like an oversight so I have to go to another place.I got the basic wash and came here because the internet says it is a hand wash. It's not a true hand wash. YOUR CAR WIll GO THROUGH A REGULAR MECHANICAL CAR WASH.The reason why I don't go to a regular car wash is because I have a bike rack on my car and the parts of the equipment can get stuck in my bike rack.  So it was too late once I realized and my car is okay thank goodness.BUT I've been here twenty minutes already and no one is even wiping down my car right now. My car is just sitting on their "carousel" and no one is drying it or wiping it down. It's just sitting there.Apparently they are too understaffed or too busy to dry your car off in a timely manner. I would go get it and do it myself if it wasn't packed in with the other cars.Just don't be fooled- this is a car wash that dries your car for you- when they finally get around to it.
1	11-12-14 (1:00pm)  I had a $34.99 car wash. Money was stolen from my coin changer approximately $8.00... all my quarters and dimes.. I informed the manager, he was very nice, he offered me $5.00 in quarters and 3 free car washes. I will not return. Beware of this car wash.
3	I had to update my review after looking at the car. I may have waited a while for it, but it was nice and clean! Much better than my usual place.
1	Worst car wash in the world they steal your valuables from inside your car and the managers deny that any of their employees did it even though you know you had your stuff inside right before the wash never going back who ever you are that stole my watch karma is a b**ch
1	No stars but since Yelp won't let me post without giving a rating, I'll give 1 by default only.WILL NEVER EVER EVER EVER GIVE THIS COMPANY MY BUSINESS AGAIN!!!!!!!! POOR SERVICE, NO PROFESSIONALISM AND I SUPPOSE THE NEW OWNERS JACKSON OIL IS AS MUCH OF A CROOK, A LIAR & SNAKE IN THE GRASS AS THE PREVIOUS CONVICT OWNER!!!!!!!Stopped by Danny's family car wash at 4027 Gilbert Rd onTuesday December the 16th 2014. I live in Maricopa city which is about 40 miles from the location I happen to be in the area getting new tires at Discount Tires. I was planning on getting the VIP service when the young man talk to me into a detail which included seat cleaning carpets and mats door - and console cleaning fabric protector and he threw in a headlight restoration and of course the VIP wash the price for this was $105.99. I got there a little bit be after 2pm my service washer as stated on receipt was Eric # 463001. Eric tells me it will be about 2 hrs. 3 1/2 hours later the manger of the detail area comes inside to get me. He explains that the only got one of the headlights restored and that took several hours they were closing and asked me to return the next morning to finish the other headlight the other manager spoke up and said and we will give her a free wax job. I agreed with a time of 10 AM & showed up the next morning at 10 AM no bays were opened. I waited a little while called the number on receipt. They had two options car wash or convenient store I called the car wash and no one answered so I called the convenient store the manager there informs me that the car wash was closed for the day due to weather even tho the skies are clear blue and there is sunshine. There was some drizzle earlier in the morning. But this is Arizona did they expect a snow storm to come through maybe a hurricane I'm not sure. I do know I drove 40 miles one way to get my car finished because I was asked by the manager. They open at 7:30 in the morning and Roy the manager will be getting a call from me and I just hope that I have calmed down a bit and I can speak to him in a reasonable adult manner and he will represent his company and make good for what he has done.
