2	Have to say the food was OK- not sure if we ordered the right stuff.Asked for White meat didn't get it...Service was horrible- credit card machine didn't work.Food is very pricey for what they gave. for 1 leg and 1 thigh fried chicken with side of rice and corn- cost me 12 bucks with Water to drink.No lunch specials as well...I will give it another try but for now- buyer beware.
2	Saw the Grand Opening sign and decided to stop in. My meal consisted of a jerk chicken sandwich on white hamburger bun, an order of festivals (small cornbread type things), and juice drink (mango and pineapple juice mixed with simple syrup). The jerk chicken sandwich was tasty, but really small. Not sure it was worth $5.25. The festivals were really dry. They could have used some sauce or gravy to go with them. The juice thingy was quite tasty. In the end, I spent about $14 dollars and left hungry. Did give feedback to the owner. Not sure if they will act on it.
4	Well my experience was different than previous Yelpers.  Maybe I went in with '"hole in the wall" expectations as soon as I had a look around, maybe Ocean Blue took a little time to get on it's feet.I went for lunch with some coworkers and everyone seemed more or less happy with the meal.  I had a jerk chicken appetizer (1.95) which was kind of a pocket filled with mildly spiced chicken.  It came with a side of jerk sauce which was complex and spicy.I followed that with one of the daily specials, 2 fish tacos.  It was flour tortillas with very tender and sweet tilapia, some cabbage and other leafy stuff and a sweet, slightly smoky sauce.  I added some of the jerk sauce to throw some heat on it.I also had an iced tea.  How much for the app, 2 fish tacos and iced tea?  $9.70.  Not bad at all.They also have a small lunch buffet which is refreshed often.  It had four dishes-a white rice with some veggies, broiled tilapia, potato salad and some kind of roasted chicken.  While we were there they changed the fish twice and switched to BBQ chicken.I'll be back to give them another shot, maybe try the all-you-can-eat buffet for 7.99.
3	I have not really had much Caribbean food, so I decided to try this place out since it is right near my house.  I wasn't sure what to get so I went with a recommendation from the server of coconut curry shrimp and scallops (white rice and plantain sides).  I also got a side of Jerk Wings.The coconut curry was quite tasty (Very different from Indian coconut curry), as was the shrimp.  I was especially impressed with the scallops as they were cooked just perfectly.  My problem with the dish was that it was very little scallops and shrimp, and almost completely peppers and onions.  It was still all quite tasty, but I agree with some of the previous reviewers that it was a bit over-priced for what it was.  I expect to pay around $14-$15 for a seafood dish anywhere, but I would also expect it to include a bit more seafood.The wings were tasty as well, and the jerk sauce was explosive.  I was glad I tried it, because there were good, but too spicy for me to want to get again.  I think I want to go back sometime and try their lunch buffet, but it is timed pretty poorly for me to be able to do it.
4	$7.99 All you can eat lunch buffet Mon - Fri is one of the best options for lunch in Chandler. The Jerk Chicken is really good, the Talapia is good. Not a fan of the plantains here.On the menu the Curry Goat is great, call ahead if you can because it takes about 15 minutes to prepare takeout food.
5	I have been to Ocean Blue twice and it was fantastic each time.  It is difficult for my wife and I to find a restaurant we both like because are food tastes are very different.  She loves the Jerk Chicken.  I ordered the Cocunut Curry Shrimp and Scallops.  Both meals were absolutely fantastic.  To top it off, $1 draft beers.  How great is that.   This is one of the best restaurants I have been to in the Phoenix area.
4	Thought I'd try it. Had the Turkey Burger which I have to say was super good !! Maybe one of the best I've ever had. I really liked the Festivals (little cornbread-like thingys). Their jerk sauce is very, very good. I haven't tried much else, but because the pricing is high for what you get I can't give it 5 stars. Also, service can be slow. I waited almost 20 minutes for take-out. Order ahead.
3	Pretty good. Buffet a little toned down for American spice levels but otherwise good. Try their fresh made juices like pineapple - ginger.All you can eat great for dudes with active appetites.
2	Ocean Blue is a little mom and pop carribean joint in a Chandler Blvd strip mall.  I feel bad for the owners as they see how packed Subway is next door.  I guess it's hard to compete with five-dollar footlongs.The restaurant used to be burrito chain, and the inside looks roughly the same as it did before.  It's an odd layout where the tables are cramped by the bar, which seems always empty.I brought a real live Jamaican guy with me for lunch, so I could get his opinions as well.  It turns out that I didn't need much expert insight.  We opted for the buffet which had exactly 5 items:  jerk chicken, blackened tilapia, mayo-based macaroni salad, red beans & rice, and some kind of  cinammon pie for dessert.Notice there were no vegetables.  However, there was no red meat or fried items, so it wasn't totally unhealthy.  The jerk chicken was bone-in dark meat pieces that had nice flavor but not much heat.Everything was good (except the dessert), but nothing was outstanding.  I even enjoyed the macaroni salad.  There just wasn't much variety, and the food suffered from "looking like something I could make myself at home", even though I'm usually too lazy to do so.  The dessert was the lone disappointment.  It tasted like pumpkin pie mixed with stale cornbread.Well, the Jamaican guy liked it, and the price was only $8, but I still can't go above 2 stars for this place.  The buffet items change daily, and they have a non-buffet menu, so maybe a 2nd experience will wow me more than the first.
2	I have been craving for a Carribean restaurant near my work place for a while.  I've heard of Ocean Blue for a while but never made it there.My friend Howie tried the buffet and said it was okay.  We decided to come back and order off the menu. We got one of each Jamaican pattie on the menu: curry chicken, jerk chicken, beef, and spinach.  They were flaky but sitting in the warmer for a while.  The curry chicken was the most flavorful of the bunch.Next we got the jerk chicken sandwich and jerk turkey burger.  Howie mentioned the turkey burger tasted like it was homemade.  My burger was okay, but the chicken was dry.  For the price of $5.95 / burger, it seems a bit steep for lunch.  The owner did give us festivals on the side for free.  We weren't really sure what a festival was, but it seemed to be deep friend semi-sweet dough.Service was a bit slow with us waiting for refills and the check.Overall, the meal was okay.  I've had better, especially at Breadfruit in downtown Phoenix.  I probably won't be back unless I get a deep craving for jerk chicken at work.
2	Went back because a friend had a groupon.  Technically, it was a groupon wannabe from VoicePlaces.  We skipped the buffet and ordered off the menu.  We tried once of each Jamaican pattie flavor (beef, spinach, jerk chicken, curry chicken), and made 2 safe sandwich choices (jerk chicken and jerk turkey burger).The patties were all tasty, and they were a good value at only $2 each.  I particularly liked the curry chicken and the spinach flavors.  The sandwiches were disappointing... very small with no side dishes for $6 each.  The waiter threw in a free order of "festivals" for us, but they weren't as festive as one would imagine.  They were just fried dough and empty calories.  Think beignets without any powdered sugar.So, it's worth checking out this place for the $2 patties and $1 beers during happy hour ($2 Red Stripe), but that's about it.  Nothing else seemed outstanding or a great value, and the ambience leaves something to be desired.
4	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Dropped in to this place for a buffet lunch with Robyn N. & Mike C. today.  It's fairly small, clean, somewhat stylish & features a small weekday lunch buffet (4 trays) of interesting Caribbean food.  The buffet varies a little for each day of the week, & today it was steamed white rice, steamed vegetables, Coconut Curry Tilapia, & Jerk Chicken.I would have liked to have seen some salad & maybe a little dessert offered, but the food they did have out was delicious & none of us left hungry!  Our host was friendly, & there is a full bar.  I DO want to return on the other weekdays to try the buffet variations.     :-))Lunch Buffet $7.99
4	Had  lunch here with Robyn N and Rand H. Well to start it is a small buffet with 4 chafing dishes , The good news every dish was very good. It has been quite a long time since I had some good jerk chicken and theirs was just like I was back in Jamaica . (yumm). They also had some tilapia that was really good . The other two dishes contained plain white rice in one and steamed veggies in the other. The $7.99 buffet was well worth the price and I look forward to many return visits.
3	My husband and I went in and we were pleasantly surprised.  We got very different things and we were happy.  The festivals are out of this world.  I had curry chicken and it was delicious.  My husband got the jerk wings and 2 patties.  A fish pattie and a beef pattie.  He loved the fish pattie.  He says the jerk wings were very tasty but too big for him. (he like a smaller, more traditional wing)  overall we enjoyed it and will be back.
4	I am surprised to see so many low ratings and rants. Perhaps some folks came when the place first opened and maybe others aren't used to Jamaican food. And someone complained that the credit card machine was down... that can happen anywhere, so I would hate to see it held against the restaurant. Ocean Blue offers very large portions for meals and the staff is always friendly (I have not tried the buffet).  My wife and I have been at least three times (twice to eat in and once for carry out) and have never been disappointed. In fact, I was headed back today which is how I found the Yelp listing, because I wanted to look at the menu and get the hours before heading over.Perhaps it could be a little cooler inside, but if you were in Jamaica, you'd feel right at home :-)
3	Had a groupon for 4 up to $144 meal. The restaurant looked pretty small, very nice looking place, very clean, dark lit and decorative. There is a bar that you can go to also. Buffet available too.In terms of Service, pretty laid people. Very friendly and is always helpful when you need them. Water and drinks ordered immediately. Manager came to us to ask us how the food was. Good customer service.The food is very very good. We ordered $118 worth of food and we did not have a complaint with anything. My only problem with this restaurant is the prices of the food, which is very overpriced. If you did not have any coupon, expect the bill to be very high.
5	Delicious! This was my first time trying jamaican food and it was amazing! We got the shrimp appetizer, grilled salmon, curry shrimp dish, and pie dessert. Service was great too, we will definitely be going back.
4	Delicious and inexpensive buffet.  For $7.99, you get your choice of 4 different trays.  Sodas here ($1.99) are Pepsi product based.  Today at the buffet there was tilapia in brown sauce, jerk chicken, red beans and rice, and pasta salad.  The tilapia was excellent.  It was seared on the outside for a more crispy texture and had moist flaky meat.  The jerk chicken was also superb, pretty spicy, with juicy, flavorful, fall-off-the-bone meat.  The red beans and rice were excellent- I went back for 3rds for just the rice!  The pasta salad, just OK, your standard pasta salad.  While it would be nice to have a little more variety, on the other hand, I'm glad that they can excellently prepare a smaller selection of food without compromising quality.  Will definitely be going here again!
5	This is an amazing place to eat, it was a treat! I went here with a group that included 6 adults, and 4 children. We were all happy with our orders, and the portions, and service were great. I must say I grew up on Jamacian food, since my dad is from there. The curry chicken was amazing, and the rice & beans were perfectly cooked. This place is a must for people who want to try food from the island.
2	The food is good if you like very hot and spicy.  The two of us enjoyed a shrimp appetizer, goat meat, and jerk chicken.  The sides were also tasty.  The cleanliness and atmosphere were just so-so.  They must have a problem with people not tipping since there are several signs requesting patrons to remember their servers. (It does kind of look like a fast food place).  We were surprised when we received our $29 food bill to see that $7 was automatically added for tip.  Our service was good but I was glad I noticed the generous tip was already added on to the bill.  Not sure if we could have asked to have it removed, but we did not try. There are so many places in the area that are so much cleaner and better.  We wanted to try it, but will probably not be back.
3	I went there for lunch as a result of a LivingSocial voucher, and return twice more, for lunch, also.The food is delicious. I love their festivals and curried shrimp. I tried their lunch buffet as well, but I'd rather order off the menu.The two times this young man waited on us, the service was good. When the lady waited, not so much.The biggest downside is that you will walk out of there reeking of food...
1	Didn't like the service, too slow, and Jerk seasned items didn't have that sweet spice/savory flavoring that most Jerk items have. Most have that grilled taste also, theirs didn't. The fried chicken was over cooked.  The Festivals were terrible weren't crispy at all! just tough and doughy.  The Jerk Chicken Wings just taste like hot boiled chicken wings with darkend skin.  Glad I had a coupon so I didn't have to pay full price. I won't be back.
1	Food is good, loved the jerked chicken, but the service is bad, bad, bad.  I have been to OB four times.  The first time the cook waited on us and the service was great.  The next three times, not so good.  The feeling that they give is that they could care less that you came in or if you come back.
4	Stopped by for one more try and received great service.  The jerk chicken was excellent.
4	I am an open minded person- ate hear recently twice- buffett.Food was really good- nice spices etc.I recommend now for lunch.
1	Went in with a co-worker and fell for the 'buffett'.  It wasn't any good.  I could have had better from a frozen TV dinner.  The chicken was covered in black spices and the tilapia was deep fried with some kind of flavor I could not identify.  To make it worse, I tried using my Groupon discount and was denied because this was the 'special' and it was not accepted.  In the end, my co-worked ended up eating white rice with some terrible chicken and I had some heart burn city tilapia with white rice.  Not recommended.
4	Longtime lunch customer of Ocean Blue. I started going in when they first opened and business was slow. I am always excited to see that they now have been discovered and are busy.THE BUFFET is not what your going to find at Sweet Tomatos or a Chimese restaurant.  There is a fish and a chicken dish every day. The preperation or the suaces are different. Rice or red beans and rice along with a cold pasta sald and sometimes soup is included. For $ 7.99 its amazing. SERVICE is usually done with just one server at lunch.  Ramon does a great job and he and Sue always are friendly.  Most of the customers eat the buffet at lunch.Now the moral of the story is that this is truly authentic Jamaiican food and authentic staff.  They are friendly, laid back, and are genuinely interested that you enjoy your meal.  Give them a chance!  Relax and enjoy the great food.
3	I got some dish which i couldn't pronounce it's name. I had it before but at another place, and i really liked it there. Here though the tortilla is actually underneath the food already and soaked with the "sauce" of the food. I wish i knew it would be like that. I would have asked for it on the side so i could place the food inside it and wrap it up to eat. I prefer doing that then having it premade and drenched for me.The place was definitely nice to go to and look out the window as we ate.Wouldn't mind coming back, but definitely not something you would go out of your way for.
5	Took my niece here for lunch, thanks to Groupon bringing it back to my remembrance. We had jerk wings, curry shrimp and jerk chicken plate and festivals. Everything tasted fresh, well presented and DELICIOUS! I love that their food is flavorful and spicy, like caribbean food should be.The atmosphere is cute, with reggae music playing at the right volume and slightly corny island themed decor. Perfect ;-).I love Ocean Blue and, unfortunately, realize just how close it is to where I live...I'll be trekking over for festivals and fresh made patties on the regular.
5	We found this place totally on accident and absolutely  loved it. Great food and great service. I had jerked chicken and the spices were perfect. The "festivals" were amazing and I would go back just for those!!  Try it!!
3	The service is dedicated, though not as fast as people expect in Chandler. The staff is sparsely staffed and they worked their butts off. I loved the jerk chicken wings, curried goat, oxtail and soursop beverage. The shrimp was tough, probably Individual Flash Frozen because the flavor was still there. The skewer flavor was lovely. The fried chicken was ok, but focus yourselves elsewhere along this menu. The beans and rice side is fluffy, not heavy. I have many good things to say and very few negatives. We really enjoyed ourselves. You can try three entrees at $19.99 with choice of two sides.
3	My rating for this place is more like a 3.75-4, but because of service I rate it a 3. We were there on a Thursday night and the place was pretty full. That being said we waited quite some time before the one guy serving/bartending was able to get to us. I will credit him for doing the best job possible! He maintained a helpful and friendly attitude despite how busy he was! Now onto the food....I absolutely LOVE Jamaican food and this place will be a go to when I get a craving.I had the combo jerk chicken and goat curry with rice and beans and veggies. The chicken and goat were both full of flavor with a little spice (I think it could use more). They provide you a side of BBQ/jerk sauce on the side that I think is nice, but the chicken doesn't need it. Writing this review is making me want to go there now! My husband had the ackee and saltfish with festivals, rice and beans. Ackee is a native fruit but does not taste fruity! To me it has a texture similar to egg (creamy spongy). The dish was good, but we both felt it could use a little more of the salted cod for the price. The festivals were perfectly fried, cripsy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. Festivals are fried little dumplings that are great for sopping up the extra sauce left on your plate!If you order the right thing Ocean Blue definitely delivers! I mean really, why go to a Caribbean place and get a quesadilla?
1	Took my family here and it was a big disappointment. The food was one thing but the service was also terrible. I noticed the food was previously frozen and then the one person that was there was behind the bar, hostess, waitress, and all positions that were needed. I will never go back here mainly because of the horrible taste of the food. Nobody in my family liked it so I wont waste my time or money here again.
4	Excellent food.  Bought a Groupon as I had not tried the place and was very happy I did.  It is close to my office and will be a go-to place for lunch now.  They were a little under-staffed and the wait was long for lunch but the food was well worth it.
1	I've been coming here for a while and the food has always been good. Unfortunately it is the service that kills this place. Today I watched them completely ignore the phone as it wrung with potential orders and they were out of rice and peas at 5:30p. Good luck ever getting a patty after 2pm! To the owners... Invest more in your service as I doubt I am not the only customer you have lost because of it. Just to clarify, they don't have bad service (rude people), they have no service. One person taking calls, taking orders, expediting, bar tending, cleaning, and helping in the kitchen. Ridiculous!
3	Caribbean??? mostly Jamaican. I went for the "buffet". I did enjoy the food and the price was right at $7.99 for the all you can eat lunch buffet, HOWEVER, there are only a total of four (4) items on the buffet. You should understand that this review is only for the buffet. The menu looked good but the prices were between $11 to 17 for a meal. Try at your own risk.
3	This was our first visit here.  We came for lunch and had the "buffet".  The only good thing about the buffet was that you got to try more than one dish.  They had jerk chicken, a curried tilapia, some sort of cabbage dish, and rice.  That's it.  A very sad buffet in terms of selection.However, the food itself was good.  A very nice jerk chicken, and they make the tilapia filets fresh (so sometimes you have to wait while they make more).Next time we come (and there probably will be a next time) I will be ordering off the menu.  The selection on the buffet is just too limited.  Though if all you want is some jerk chicken and curried tilapia filets the buffet might be just fine for you.  The food was definitely good enough to warrant a return visit.
5	Went there for the first time tonight and loved it.  Staff was friendly.  Had jerk shrimp appetizer, wife had curry chicken, and I also had the spicy burger.  Unfortunately they were out of patty's otherwise we would have had those also.  The sides of fried plantains and rice were also great.  We have spent some time in Jamaica and have fond memories of the food there.  Ocean Blue brought us back to Montego Bay (without the ocean), and we will definitely be back!
2	Stopped by for lunch with friends from work.  I had the Jamaican jerk chicken.    The chicken was very flavorful.   The festivals were every bit as good as those I had in Jamaica.The food was slow to arrive.  If you are going for lunch and are on a tight schedule this is not the place unless you arrive early enough for the buffet.The price was high for the serving size.  Overall it was a nice change from the usual lunch fare.
4	My husband and I had lunch today at Ocean Blue, and the food was delicious. This was our first experience at the restaurant so I tried the oxtails which were very tender and taste great. My husband had the buffet with blackened fish and jerk chicken and enjoyed it. The staff was very friendly and provided excellent service, good portions of food and reasonable prices. We will go back and tell our friends.JC
4	Looks can be decieving! It's a little place. I got a Groupon for it tho and wanted to try it. It was like revisiting Jamaica! The food is great! Try the jerk chicken! It's fantastic! The fried chicken is sooooo fresh and good too! Oh! And the coconut curried scallops and shrimp is phenomenal! We will be back!
5	Service: 3/5 Slow moving and orders were messed up a bit but staff means well, very friendly and do their bestFood: 5/5 even though the service isn't awesome the good makes up for it. It is absolutely delicious. Definitely try jerk chicken, festivals, and curry goat. I really like this place and I highly recommend it
4	The ox trail here is excellent.  While the entree portions are nut large, they are packed with flavor.  The jerk chicken is swine, right off the grill.  Don't be tempted by the lunch buffet that lounges on the counter.  Order a fresh cooked meal, and you won't regret it.  Also, try the festivals and fried plantains as the side.  They go great together!
5	Wow! Great flavorful food! We were very impressed!!! We had the Ox Tail, Curry Chicken, fish cakes, rum cake. All homemade and full of flavor!!! Plus Great Service!!! Can't wait to go back and try more!!!
4	Went to Ocean Blue yesterday for lunch with my wife.  The food was actually very good.  My wife had the classic jerk chicken.  Me, I had the ackee & saltfish.  I appear to have surprised the waiter, as I knew what ackee was, and was trying to explain this to my wife.  Both of us were very pleased with the food.  It is a casual place, with a big bar, but neither my wife nor I drink.
3	I suppose I was just surprised to see a single vegetarian item on the whole menu- the veggies plate... which was simply three sides put together. The cost was accordingly diminished, but my husband, a friend and I, all vegetarians, all ended up having the same dish, with slight variations to the sides. The cabbage entree was simply boiled cabbage - no seasoning. The sides were wonderful and rustic and reminded us of a wonderful wonderful meal that a bartender once made us in a hurry in Tortuguero when we couldn't find places to eat late at night. But we didn't walk into a bar at 11 pm to compromise. We are pretty sure the food is all wonderful, but if they added one or two more true veggie entrees or appetizers that could be combined, I'm sure chandler and ahwatukee would notice more.
2	The food was mediocre. I had high hopes of the food, but was somewhat disappointed. It wasn't nasty,  it was just nothing to write home about.
5	My first time eating Jamaican food. Absolutely loved it. I had curry shrimp and mango pineapple ginger.  Sauce on the curry dish was so yummy I used the fried banana side dish to eat all the sauce left on my plate.  It wasn't that spicy but when I felt spice on my tongue, I had my ginger drink to take the spice away.There were so many on the menu I wanted to try. Jerk chicken, Ackee and salt fish, and ox tail.. Ingredients I tried from traveling to other countries before.  Eating here felt like traveling to foreign country without the passport.  Will come back again to try other dishes.
4	Just returning from vacation in Jamaica I was anxious to get more Jamaican food. This place was so good.  All they need is Ting. I will definitely be back. Try the brown stewed chicken with rice and peas and festival. Festival is like it's own little dessert here even though technically it's not. Enjoy!!
5	My mom and I tried it for the first time last week..thanks to groupon.The shrimp salad was very crisp and fresh and sizeable.. chicken cassadea and sauce..very tasty. We are very picky...but I can say we were pleased with the food, the waiter and the cleanliness...we have since gone back  for chicken stew and festivals, very flavorful..I just had to add a pinch of salt.
4	Caribbean food, YUM! I have been here three times, two times for the buffet and one time to sit down and eat. I had the jerk chicken with rice and peas and a side of oxtail gravy. I am a sucker for some good grilled chicken, to top that off with some jerk sauce, I might as well been dreaming! When you come here and sit down and order, don't plan on getting your food right away, they do it right, they take their time and make sure the food is cooked fresh. Be patient, have a couple drinks, and just chill. One thing I would give them as a suggestion, ask what flavor the customer wants their jerk chicken, those of you that have had jerk (anything) you know you can get it mild, medium, or spicy. I like mine SPICY! I don't want to take anything away from the meal that I had, however; this option would have been great AND I probably would have taken some on the plane to take home! I'll be back to Phoenix soon and I will definitely make a trip to Ocean Blue! Ya 'Mon!
4	Buffet was good. Jerk chicken, red bean rice, mac and cheese and grilled tilapia. Jerk chicken was tender and flavorful. Fish was a bit.dry but tasty. They ran out of patties. Will have to return to try those.
4	The carribean food here is consistently good. There is no hit or miss here. Always good!
3	A lot to love, but a lot also fell short which to me is the true definition of a three star review. In all it was a true food adventure with a few missteps. Disclaimer before you continue I am a true novice to all Caribbean and Jamaican foods.LOVE: *The jerk chicken (YEEZUS!) You'd eat the bones if you could this is a glorious combination of spices cooked perfectly. *Ox Tail (Another YEEZUS!) If you'd rather not have something spicy this is by far the best item on the menu it's cooked so tenderly and flavored so well. *Festivals (a third YEEZUS! why not?) these are like hush puppies and cornbread but sweeter it is their best side dish. NOT LOVE:*Overpriced and small portions. I understand this is a subjective measure, but that's how I feel. They do have a deal on restaurants.com so it helps a bit, but still I don't think it's good value. *Spice levels are not disclosed. The curry goat was fantastic, but with my Americanized tastes it almost killed me I was not expecting so much heat. Be careful ordering anything with a curry "Jamaica hot" is right around where "Thai hot" ranks. *Service slower than snails. I like to think it's because the food is cooked that freshly but do be prepared for a lengthy wait. If they do not have fresh fried chicken they will tell you it is a 30 minute wait, but just about everything else takes that long as well.*Not a good atmosphere. Everything feels old, not dirty, but not superclean either, the place is not well-lit, and it's empty. Perhaps take-out is the way to go. I'd say come for a quick lunch, but like I said it's far from quick.*starchy sides. The festivals were great (I even said YEEZUS!) but everything else is too starchy, bland, or deep fried to add to the meal. Rice and beans in particular were very underwhelming. I'd say try it once but expect some imperfections. Order the right items and have some patience and you will be rewarded.
4	Always happy to find a new spot to try for lunch and saw a friend had bookmarked Ocean Blue and I asked her if she was up to giving them a try, said yes so made plans for lunch and off we went.Arrived around 11:45 and already knew I wanted to do the lunch buffet, they have a weekly buffet that changes daily for 7.99, and for that day  it was steamed white rice,  curry chicken, potato salad, and steamed fish.  I tried everything, and I have to say I was pretty excited to try the curry chicken , but sadly I was not able to eat it, it just was too salty to me, the potato salad was perfect and the steamed rice went well with the fish and let's talk about that fish, I did not come to try the fish, it was an afterthought but after I tried the fish, holy cow that was some great fish, also on the table was a unlabeled bottle, I asked what it was and found out it was a pineapple mango pepper sauce , so I put a little with the fish, and BAM! That added some great flavor & heat! If you cannot handle hot stuff, maybe you should stay away from the sauce, but for me it was amazing! Even put it on my rice, so good!I've only tried the buffet, so I can't attest for the rest of the menu, but I am happy to had found them and look forward to going back.
3	Was here awhile ago and ate the Aki and saltfish. Great island flavors. They also have a bar, which features island inspired drinks
1	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. They pulled a bait and switch scam on us. I purchased an Amazon local Certificate for $22 worth of food and drinks for Ocean Blue Caribbean Restaurant. We viewed the menu online and knew exactly what we were going to purchase prior to going to the restaurant.  Upon arriving we viewed the menu again and ordered the jerk Chicken sandwich and spicy burger, both included fries and a drink for $6.99 each (clearly printed on the menu) along with some appetizers to bring our total up to $23.  Upon receiving the bill the Waiter (Ramone) had increased the printed menu prices and the total was now $29 (prior to tax /tip).  He stated that Amazon Customers Get Special Pricing .  Amazon customers according to him have to pay Ala Cart Pricing. He charged us $6 for each sandwich, $2.50 for each drink and $1.50 for each order of fries.  Now making the $6.99 menu price a full $10 per sandwich order!!!  He then stated that if we had ordered the Red Snapper entre that he would not have honored the amazon certificate at all.  There are NO restrictions on this certificate except for happy hour or the lunch buffet.  I stated that is an illegal bait and switch practice to change the menu prices after we order.  He stated "We can do that for Amazon Customers". Management would not even speak to us, he just stood behind the bar and nodded in agreement with the waiter.   Never again...
3	It's been less than a year since my last review (July).  This is also the first time I've been back since then.  We had a "restaurant.com" certificate to use here.  The certificate is not honored for the buffet, so we ordered off the menu.  I had their fried chicken, my wife had their jerk chicken.First...the fried chicken is fresh.  It takes 25 minutes because they don't fry it till you order it.  I like that.  When it came out it had an interesting look to it.  This is not the medium brown fried chicken of KFC.  It was a light, almost yellowish, fried chicken.  And it was very tasty.  I liked it.  The jerk chicken was tasty as well, but didn't seem quite right...until we dipped it in the jerk sauce.  Yowza.  Some serious heat there.  But THAT was jerk chicken.The sides I ordered were vegetables and rice/beans.  The vegetables were a disappointment.  I was told steamed cabbage and carrots (I'm not a fan, but I try to eat healthy stuff anyway).  It was mostly cabbage.  Very little carrots.  The rice/beans were OK.  Nothing special.  The flavor wasn't as robust as I expected.My wife ordered the rice/beans, and the fried plantains.  She loved the plantains.Service was sketchy.  Just the one guy behind the bar who tended not to clear tables until someone came in needing a table.  Then he'd stop chatting with whoever was at the bar, clear the table, and seat them.  He also didn't really check on us at all.  Of course, in such a small place I could get his attention easily if I needed.I think this is worthy of three stars.  If you read my review from a few weeks ago you'll see I really liked Caribbean Spice.  This place is OK, but Caribbean Spice is better.
5	Jerk chicken is unlike anything I have ever eaten. Be sure to get a breast and a thigh!
1	Horrible customer service. Had a Groupon coupon and the counter boy refused to honor it. Kept using ridiculous excuses and even said to "take it up with Groupon". As if his establishment weren't the ones who made the deal available through Groupon. Ultimately I'll get a refund but I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. My wife went to the restroom while the boy was arguing with me. She said the restroom was filthy and had no soap or paper towels. Disgusting. After she told me this I was actually glad the debacle occurred so I wouldn't have to eat there.
4	We have tried a few different Jamaican restaurants on the west side and I have to say I would and will drive the distance for this place. The food was hot, fresh and incredibly tasty! Service was friendly without being overly friendly. The only negative, if you need the restroom bring a flashlight the lighting is really dim. Can't wait to come back again.
4	Victoria M. treated a group of us to dinner here over the weekend and I was excited, as I've had Ocean Blue bookmarked for quite some time now. We had a late dinner (7:30) so we were unsurprisingly 1 of 2 tables in the restaurant, which is small but quaint. The service was a little on the slow side, but I'll attribute it to what looked like one server who was also manning the bar. Growing up with a lot of this food, they have a very authentic menu. I opted for the oxtail plate, and the rest of the table had curry goat, curry chicken, and jerk chicken. I would say that the prices are on point for the plates, which came with 2 sides and a hefty serving of the entree. I was very pleased with the oxtail which I ordered with rice & beans and festival. I tried some of my friends jerk chicken and the spice is something to note. They serve the jerk sauce on the side because it is very spicy for unassuming diners. They ran low of some of the sides that were ordered so our server brought out an order of festival on the house (which is so bomb). I don't think we waited too long for our entrees to come out, maybe about 15 minutes. We wrapped up our meal with 2 slices of sweet potato pie which is probably not the American-ized version you are thinking of, but it's delicious nonetheless. I'm glad that I got to cross this off of my bucket list and I would recommend them to someone looking for some good Caribbean food in the valley
1	I'll keep my review short & simple. Ok food & excessively long waiting time for your order to arrive. Judging by all the Bob Marley posters on the wall & his music playing in the restaurant... I'll say the workers are slow to cook & serve because they may be more concerned with being high than serving their customers.
3	3.5 stars for dinner4 stars for buffetDefinitely worth going for their buffets (esp when they have the jerk chicken). Had dinner here as well which was good but wasn't worth price and the service was very slow (only one girl for a full restaurant - felt bad for her but she managed to keep an upbeat attitude).
4	I would give 5 stars but there was no desert. Aside from that the food was amazingly addictive. I had the tilapia with coconut curry and with every bite I could not help saying mmmm. Had it for leftovers the next morning and the spices really kicked in. My friend had the oxtails and let's just say he cleaned his plate so well they didn't need to so dishes. Plan to go back soon. It's mainly made to order so call ahead.
4	Surprisingly small, but they were able to accommodate a group of 10 luckily (we took up the majority of the floor space). The lunch buffet had limited options, but bottomless jerk chicken, coconut tilapia, and rice were out of this world. I only had lunch, but I would guess that lunch would be better than dinner.
2	Came for dinner with a large group. Apparently only one guy is host, server, and bartender. We got there at 7:15 and didn't get our food until 9:00pm. He kept taking 5 peoples order then sending it into the kitchen, then another 5, then another 5, etc.  I understand he was trying not to back up the kitchen which probably consisted of 2 people max, but the problem is we didn't get our food at the same time.  Literally one dish every 5-10min came out. So once my friends were done eating, my food came out and then they got to watch me eat!   We took turns eating lol. Drinks didn't come out for about 30 min after we ordered it.  We felt bad for the guy trying to take on so many roles at once.  They are not used to large parties. Now let's get to the food.  There was a foul odor when we walked in. I guess we got used to the sewer smell after being in there long enough. But I wanted to throw up.  Disgusting.  I ordered the jerk chicken (per all the reviews on yelp) and the curry shrimp. For an appetizer we ordered the jerk chicken wings.  The wings were the worst I have ever had.  Don't order them. Tasted pre-cooked and dry as heck.  The only good thing was the jerk chicken.  Nice crispy skin and tender chicken.  I would not come back here.
4	Very good food located in a cozy little spot.  I will definitely be back to try something new and delicious.
5	My husband ordered the ox tail and goat with plantains and Jamaican cole slaw as sides. I grew up eating goat and my husband grew up eating ox tail in the south, and we thought both were delicious and well cooked. (Note- order goat alone, not with any other proteins. It has a very unique flavor and doesn't mix with other proteins). I ordered the curry shrimp and jerk chicken. The jerk chicken was spicy but not too spicy, incredibly moist and authentic. The shrimp was perfectly cooked and tasty. We can't wait to go back. The festivals are a great side as they are mild, and a bit sweet. A bit pricey, but honestly, worth every penny.
3	Tried the restaurant last night . It was  nicely decorated  and the waiter is friendly.  They gave us some free fried bread  which  was tasty but could have used some dipping sauce. We had their fried chicken which was good . It could have used a little more seasonings I did like the j erk  chicken it was flavorful.  The oxtail was  too salty and  overcooked
3	The first thing I noticed was how hot the restaurant was, despite a nice cool 80F day outside.  The service was island paced (slow), but they were kinda nice. There was a buffet that let you serve yourself if you were in a big rush. The food was mixed. The breaded fish was in a delicious red sauce with okra.  The jerk chicken was juicy and had a nice and flavorful kick. Rice and beans were dry and lacked much flavor.Overall, my experience was mixed.
3	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =Made it back around to Ocean Blue today, joined again by Robyn N, Mike C and this time also by Jackie R.  This fairly small but stylish restaurant has a friendly staff and the weekdat Lunch Buffet features 4 items, that vary each day.  Since this was a Monday again for us this time, it was a repeat of white rice, steamed vegetables (seasoned shredded cabbage today), Coconut Curry Tilapia, & Jerk Chicken.I admit I'm spoiled by the larger (& much larger) Buffets around the Valley and I'm not as crazy about the Jerk Chicken legs & thigh halves as some, but this IS a unique place, the food is all good, and it's still a reasonable $7.99.     :-)
2	Very middle of the road service poor.  $60 for two with groupon.  Friends had ox tail and jerk chicken they liked. Wife had salmon and thru away when we got home. I had salted fish and nothing to tell anyone about. Draft beer on menu but no draft beer. Don't see return visit in my future.
4	Good food, been here many times. Just be prepared because the service comes from Jamaica. All good though.
5	I made reservations Ocean Blue Caribbean Restaurant and Bar a full months ahead, and trvaeled from Montreal for this treat. I was not disapointed. Such creativity ! We tried the tasting menu paired with wine, which was such a treat. Each course was like an explosion of flavours in my mouth. The service is impecable -from the waiter agreeing to substitue part of the menu so I could have foie gras, to the pashima that was delivered when I became too cold, to the quick attention to ever detail, and perfectly syncronized movements of the staff.
