3	Driving to the library I noticed a white banner advertising the opening of another new restaurant on W. Sahara Ave (same strip mall as Swish).  So I decided to give The Las Vegas Grille (former site of CJ Texas BBQ) a try on my way back.  The restaurant looks spacious, tables are not crowded together, and the chalkboard menu looks beautiful, and there is a big smoker near the cashier.  It is a barbecue restaurant with a menu that can be categorized into the following major groups: barbecue meats, handmade sausages, meatballs, and sandwiches made from barbecue meats or meatballs, salads, side items, and desserts. The lady at the counter plus all the staff at the restaurant were all very nice.  As this was my first visit, it took me awhile to look at the entire menu, but they were patient and offered suggestions to help me decide on what to try.  I was thinking about the St. Louis BBQ Ribs, but ultimately went with the 4 Meats 3 Sides Combo, which consisted of Beef Sirloin, BBQ Chicken with Pineapple Ginger Jerk Sauce, Applewood Roasted Herb Crusted Pork Loin, and Handmade Sausage (Artisan's Bratwurst)  for the meats, and Bavarian Potato Salad, Rainbow Slaw and Rotini Pasta Salad for the sides.  Before I was done with my meal, I also ordered all three of their meatballs (Arisan's Fusion Meatball made with beef and pork, Sweet & Sour Hawaiian made with pork, beef and ham, and finally the Southwest Green Chile Meatball made with chicken and turkey).As long as I can remember, I have always enjoyed charcuterie items, from Taiwanese and Chinese sausages to artisan German and Italian sausages and hot links from the South.  After culinary school and having had the opportunity to attend a master's class on charcuterie taught by CMC Fritz Sonnenschmidt (master chef, author and leading authority on the subject), I learned to appreciate it even more.  And out of all the items I ordered, I would say that their Artisan Bratwurst was my favorite.  It is also very healthy, as far as cured meat products goes, as they do not use nitrites, nitrates or MSG in their curing process, instead they utilized a high heat smoke curing method.  The result is sausages that have a nice flavor, good smokiness, and not overly salty.The Applewood Roasted Herb Crusted Pork Loin was also very good.  It has the nice smoke ring, indicative of true barbecue, and the pork was still juicy and packed with flavor.  Undoubtedly, it would be great in a sandwich as well.The BBQ Chicken with Pineapple Ginger Jerk Sauce has nice flavor, but was a little on the dried side.  The White Oak Roasted Beef Sirloin was okay, it definitely has the smoky flavor, but was otherwise too much on the well done and dried side for me to appreciate or enjoy it.The meatballs were pretty good. Served as it, it is too salty for me (but my personal preference leans towards less salt), but serve it in a sandwich it will be just right.I like restaurants that strive to serve healthier and more natural foods, and this place definitely does that!  Although they do not make their own breads, they do sourced them from a local artisan bakery (Great Buns Bakery), which makes a good pretzel bread.Overall, it is a good barbecue restaurant that can be even better with more fine tuning.  And personally I would be here just for their sausage sandwiches, which currently is available in the following selections: Artisan's Bratwurst, Italian Fennel Sausage, Keilbasa Polska, Kids Beef Frankfurter, Mediterranean Sun-dried Tomato, and New Mexico Chile.Food:  3/5  Some items are super good, while others were okay.Price:  3/5  Reasonable.Ambiance and decor:  3/5  Spacious arrangement, minimally decorated restaurant with a giant shinny barbecue smoker right inside the restaurant, staffed by friendly restaurant personnel. Location:  West side, just down the street from the car dealerships on W. Sahara Ave.Parking:  4/5  Plentiful parking.Cleanliness:  5/5  New, and kept in pristine condition by the restaurant staff.A-OK!
5	I have the great fortune to work but a block from The Las Vegas Grille. Having spent most of my life in KY and NC I thought I had experienced the finest BBQ there was to have, I was beyond wrong!This fine new restaurant on W. Sahara and Buffalo has humbled my preconceived notions of fine smoked meats. I must confess that my notion of smoking pork, chicken or beef began and ended with hickory and mesquite, never knew what I never knew. I have been working my way through the menu, finely handwritten on chalkboards above the counter. First with the amazing ribs, and now I have been experimenting with the sandwiches. I hate to borrow slogans but when it comes to having it "your way" you have but to ask. The polite and extremely knowledgeable staff has opened a new chapter in my culinary book. The meat offerings are simple, but masterfully diverse. Ribs, beef, chicken, (Turkey/Chicken), Fish! These fine chefs have found ways of merging, blending, and meticulously seasoning these meats to arrive at a symphony of options, an art form, that is complimented by a decor that is comforting, and yet as subtly nuanced as the food! Let's talk sausage: Before The Las Vegas Grille--- Kielbasa or bob evans. Now my world has been opened up with the prospects of the New Mexico Chile. Meatballs, abashedly I have to admit, that my experience began and ended with Subway. Whether you like just a meatball or a meatball sandwich, I have sampled all, and I can't decide which i like the best, but as a sandwich none were too anything, (salty, smokey etc...) Just left me wanting more...I found my golden ticket at this restaurant. Endless ways of designing a fine dining culinary experience at a price which is beyond reasonable! I would happily try to say which is my favorite dish, but my answer would be just YES!I live in Henderson, and commute to work as I must, I now wake up on my days off and gladly make the drive to try something new. By all means make your way to this place, take a moment, allow your paradigms of BBQ to melt away and just try it. In my opinion the Chefs at The Las Vegas Grille offer cuisine that is only limited by your own imagination. It is obvious that meticulous preparation and contemplation has gone into every  house made entree. For any non local, it would be well worth a trip off strip for this "Fine" dining with a unique flair! This restaurant proves the diversity and ingenuity that is the "Real" Las Vegas experience!
3	Eating at the Las Vegas Grille was like watching the first season of the Simpsons.  Very, Very rough around the edges but you can tell there is a lot of potential there.My first visit to this new entry on the Westside dining scene was on a Saturday night and I found the place to be more on the empty side.  I attribute this to a an odd location within a non-descript strip mall on Sahara.  I was impressed however with the gigantic electric smoker they have staring down at you as you walk through the doors.  The menu immediately strikes you as shouting "not your typical bbq place."  Sure they offer standards like Ribs & Chicken, but they also have a selection of fresh made sausages, meatballs and other non-traditional bbq meats like pork loin.  You can order the meats a la carte, in sandwich form as as combo.   Rather than bore everyone with the fine details of the meal, here were the highlights:-The side options are phenomenal.  Not only do the offer a unique variety, everything we had was top notch.  I absolutely loved the Bavarian Potato Salad (no mayo, with vinegar) and the Red Cabbage.  -The Kielbasa on the pretzel roll was tasty, large, and a definite value at 7.99-The pork loin and sirloin were both captured the essence of properly smoked meats.  I could tasted the rich earthy taste that smoking gives meat.-The guys running the place seem passionate about making the restaurant into something great.  They were friendly and genuinely wanted us to understand their menu.-Prices were reasonable for a meat joint.But there were some lowlights as well:-The ribs had a great rub on them, the sauce was tasty but there was very little meat.  By that I mean they give you a fair number of ribs per se, they just use really small ribs. -Speed of service.  You order at a counter giving the impression the food will be coming out relatively fast, yet we waited 1 minutes despite their being only one other table.  Im all for waiting for quality, but let the customers know that it might take that long and perhaps offer free biscuits or cornbread....just a thought.I really liked a number of things at the Las Vegas Grille, but you can tell they still haven't found their feet yet.  I hold out high hopes for them because its always good to see the Vegas dining scene diversify with unique choices.  My 3 stars represents a restaurant in their first month, but it certainly doesnt capture all the potential that is there.The Simpsons were able to refine their show before they got canceled, lets hope the Las Vegas Grille can do the same!
5	Amazing BBQ!!!  Seems like everything is fresh and made right there! And they have a smoker!!  I had the ribs and homemade sausage! Melts in your mouth!! Nothing else come close the the Las Vegas Grill!!!!  You wont be disappointed...!!
1	My husband and I were so hungry and was craving for some bbq. We had to stop at the first place that had it to eat and we came across Las Vegas Grille. We ordered the combo that had 3 meat and 2 sides to share bec we didn't want to end up ordering a lot and not liking it and we were Right! I felt like they just slapped the sauce on the meat and didn't care to marinate it. It seems like Everything they served there was prepared the night before. The potato salad was so cold Im pretty sure it was served straight out from the fridge not chilled and fresh! I felt like I was eating at a cheap cafeteria. I can make better food then the food served here. And their bbq sauce!!! Tastes like they bought it from a grocery store! The soda another disappointment is flat. They should change that soda machine i bet its old, i wasted my money and time.
3	I wish I could give this 2 reviews.  One would be for the ribs - which I thought were just awful and would have given them 1 star.  Weird tasting - bad mix of vinegar and spices that just tasted weird in the mouth.  I really can't identify all the things going on with the flavor there but it was not good.  Also, the meat was ok in some places but just tough in others.  I think it's more a function of the meat they bought than the cooking - maybe baste it more when cooking.But.....the sausage there is pretty awesome.  I'd give that 4 stars.  The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 is because the rolls they serve them with aren't anything special.  I think pretzel rolls from Great Buns which were bland as is most of Great Buns stuff.  Tried the Fennel and Kielbasa sausages.  Both had great flavor, weren't too salty, and were nice and tender.  They make them in house and it's obvious the folks there have a passion for food.Next time will try the meatballs.Oh yeah....their potato salads were, like the other food, hit and miss.  The red potato salad was not good as it was undercooked.  Potatoes ended up raw and that is not good.  However, the Bavarian potato salad was pretty awesome.  It's a 5 star potato salad in my book.  I might just get some of that to go next time.This place has the potential to be a 4 or 5 star bbq place.  It's more a gourmet BBQ than the normal crap we get here in Vegas.  That's a good thing.  If they just worked on the ribs it'd be 4 stars easy.  I hope this place sticks around.  The prices are reasonable too and the service very good.  Nice guys and think as they continue to refine they will do quite well.
4	Really it's more like a 3.5, but the sirloin was really tender although maybe it could have been a little warmer.  I would order again, but I think I would have them substitue the aioli for a BBQ sauce.  I want to try the ribs at some point and hopefully they'll be good.
5	This new restaurant opened recently, and it's the best kept secret in LV! I had the 2 meats and a side deal... got ribs, bbq chicken, potatoes and a drink for $10! I would have payed twice that for the quality of food I received. I highly suggest dining here. Even better if you have a lot of people with you because you can taste more for less. There is not really anything to compare it to in Vegas. Not the normal BBQ, but more like what I would picture a BBQ restaurant in Europe to taste like. Excellent!!!
2	I was REALLY pulling for this place.  The sandwich I had Monday was really decent and held a lot of promise.  I got the three meat with ribs, chicken, and sirloin.  DRY DRY DRY DRY DRY.  I don't know how long the chicken and ribs were in the heater, but long enough for the chicken to be SUPER dry and partially translucent. The ribs were the same thing.  The sirloin had a vinegary taste to it which I didn't get when I had the sandwich.  Highlights:  I did like the rainbow slaw and the pineapple jerk sauce was pretty tasty.  Very friendly staff.
4	Dealt with this place on 2 different occasions. First time we went in and had a nice meal, the homemade sausages are awesome. The Pretzel bread was OK and didn't compliment the sausages at all. A nice soft white roll would have been better. My wife is extremely picky and basically requested a custom made sandwich, which they made without issue and she loved it. Tons of meat on her sandwich, she only ate half and took the rest home. We also took home 2 different desserts and munched them later. OHHH so tasty!This past weekend I had more of their cuisine at a catered event and really enjoyed almost all I ate. The red potato salad just rubs me the wrong way, but others at the party raved about it. I personally thought the pasta salad was fabulous. Ribs, chicken and sausages were awesome. The sausages went so fast, I mean in mere minutes and there was a LOT of them. I ate some left overs today and the ribs and chicken were still outstanding. Their food is good and I love the way they play with the flavors. If they keep it up, this place will be top notch.
2	Went for dinnerHad a loaded chicken  saladIt wasn't really loadedIt had mix greens 4 cucumber slices and four tomato slices. The salad dressing was the best part.
4	Loved, loved, loved the Smoked Salmon sandwich on ciabatta bread. The jerk sauce is also very good and spicy.  The barbeque was also good.
4	I think some of the other reviews are really being unfair with these guys. The place is still brand new and they are working on fleshing out their menu, seeing what works and what doesn't. So far I have eaten there twice and both times there was good and bad, and I think this will improve given time. First of all the homemade sausages are amazing. The Artisan Bratwurst is to die for and the New Mexico Chile is equally tasty. I also had a 1/4 rack of ribs with the Pineapple Jerk sauce that was nothing short of astounding it was so good. The try at a veggie side was horrible, and should be replaced by a steamed veg with some butter sauce, not that sauteed mess. The smoked sirloin was not up to par and should be removed from the menu. I don't think sirloin is a good smoking meat choice. Replace it with some brisket or a tri-tip with a dry rub and you will have a winner. I'm going back tonight to give the meatballs a shot.
4	The Sirloin sandwich could become a definite addiction for me. The bread was golden, the meat juicy and the cheese was gooey! I had to eat the second half of the sandwich with a fork and knife because all of the juice! It is crave worthy in my book ! I absolutely loved the Bavarian Potato Salad it was nice and zingy. This may not be for those who like a creamy potato salad but their Red Potato salad on their menu is equally delicious! Their Mega Apple Tart wasn't mega in size but it was in taste! Loved the mixture of the apple , caramel and ice cream! I can't vouch for everything else on the menu but I will happily  stand behind the sandwich !
2	I first tried the ribs, and i was anxious because i am a expert in ribs. I was very underwhelmed. The ribs sauce was decent but the meet tasted like they were boiled, lightly smoked then warmed. Now they did fall off the bone, however they lacked flavor. The ambiance seems as if they are trying to mix a bbq joint with high class. Doesnt work. So i went back for a second time and tried the ribs on a different day, same resultsI knew it was a bit suspect when i read the name of the place. No real bbq place has las vegas and grille in the name.
3	I've always passed this place on the road so decided to stop in for dinner one night.  It was a Wednesday night and NO ONE was in the place... so my friend and I were the only patrons at the time.  The staff was very friendly and helpful while we looked over the fairly large menu until we decided.I had the sirloin sandwich on sourdough with a side of red potato salad.  The sandwich was OK in my book... nothing great but not horrible.  It was a tad bit on the greasy side and could have used a little more flavor (maybe a sauce of some sort?) I chose the red potato salad over the Bavarian potato salad because the guy at the counter told me the red was more on the creamy side while the Bavarian was more on the tangy side.  But to me the red was still too tangy for my taste and not creamy enough.So overall, this place was just mediocre for me.  For the price and quality of food, I feel you can get better elsewhere.  This place can be passed. NEXT!
5	I have been to the Las Vegas grille three times. I have had the salmon sandwich, pork, sirloin, and home made sausage. I recommend this restaurants as one of my favorites in town. I would also recommend to look over the menu thoroughly there is a lot to choose from. I like try something different every time.
4	Our first visit to Las Vegas Grille was a pleasant surprise:  the food was delicious!    I like my ribs dry and not dripping with barbecue sauce, and these were just like that, but moist, tender, and meaty.  The chicken, smoked over pecan wood, had a delectable smoky flavor.  Everything on the menu is smoked on the premises.A few nights ago I made sausage and peppers, using Trader Joe's turkey sausage; even though we ate it for two nights, we hated the sausage's mushy consistency and lack of flavor.  At LVG, the turkey sausage was firm, spicy, and delicious.  I loved the mixed bean side dish - none of that overly-sweet, gloppy canned baked beans here. And the salad was a very fresh, nice mix of spring greens and iceberg lettuce, with a phenomenal homemade balsamic dressing.I wish Las Vegas Grille a long and successful tenure on Sahara, and hope the road construction will end soon, so that people can find it more easily.
4	We went to the Las Vegas Grille for the first time and were very happy we went.  The owner Phil was there and he was very helpful telling us all about the different types of food at the grille and was very friendly. There were a large assortment of food to try.  We started with a very fresh salad and two types of potato salad which were good.  The ribs we had were superb, they had a great taste, moist and meaty and fell off the bone.  They were not fatty like you get at most places.  The chicken was juicy.  We had chicken and turkey sausages that were good.  I always check the bathrooms and this one was nice and clean.  That says a lot about the place and how the owners take care of it.  We were very happy and will come again.
3	A 2.5 rating would be most appropriate.  Business was very slow with only one other table occupied during our entire stay.  The owner explained that everything is made in-house and each meat is smoked by choosing an appropriate variety of wood such as apple, pecan, hickory etc.  We ordered a platter of 4 meats and 3 sides choosing  rack of ribs w/a spicy pineapple sauce, New Mexico chili sausage, tri tip and pork loin.. Our side dishes were Bavarian potato salad, rainbow slaw and spicy beans.  The ribs and sausage were excellent while we both felt the pork loin and tri tip were dry.  None of the side dishes distinguished themselves.
5	I don't really get the bad reviews for this place, I love it! I've been twice so far, once for a special event and once for dinner, and definitely intend to go more often. The staff: super sweet guys, happy to answer questions you may have, quick and attentive. The owner: also really friendly, and is really passionate about his food. He really wants to know how your food is, so that he can keep on improving the quality and introduce more flavors. The price: very reasonable, especially on the in house made sausages; you can easily spend about $10 or less on your meal here, and leave full.Things I've tried:Mediterranean Sundried Tomato, made with turkey and chicken. A nice firm sausage, filled with flavor. Thai Chile: my favorite! A little spicy, tender, this one just bursts in the mouth with flavor. I love this stuff!Artisan's Fusion Meatball - Beef & Pork: meatball in a wine sauce, pretty good, definitely worth trying.Hawaiian Meatball - Pork Beef & Ham: my favorite meatball, tender and meaty smokey flavor, surrounded by a deliciously sweet Hawaiian pineapple sauce. Southwest Green Chile Meatball - Chicken & Turkey: a tasty meatball with a mexican marinara sauce on top. Nom!Sides I've had: Red Potato Salad, and Bavarian Potato Salad. Bavarian is the one I like the most. Sausages and meatballs are made in house, no msg, no nitrates or nitrates, and relatively low in fat, making this a pretty healthy place to eat, and good too.One of my favorite Vegas restaurants so far!
5	One word.....Amazing. The owner, Phil, was really friendly. I dont understand how people could rate this place so low. The price was slightly a little high but it was worth the extra dollar. You have to go this restaurant and try it for your self. Because some of the reviews on yelp has to be false. Great healthy meal.
5	Been DYING to come back here after Misti's wonderful CMYE at LVG last month.  The restaurant.com coupon made the meal even better although $35 worth of food for 2 is basically a buffet at the table :PLVG has the best ribs I've eaten in Las Vegas.  It's true!  I'm all about St. Louis style ribs now and on the verge of texting baby back ribs to tell them we're through.  The juicy tenderness and smokey flavor make them truly unbeatable.That's not the only thing that's awesome here.  Thai green curry sausage!!  Amazing.  Phil's a genius!  Not me but the owner haha.  The bbq chicken is also super good.  The breast was actually juicier than the thigh somehow.  The red cabbage, red potato salad and pasta salad sides accompanied all the meats perfectly with the pasta being our top favorite of the 3.  We were on senior citizen time and ate dinner around 4pm so we were the only ones in there.  We chatted it up with Phil for a good part of the dinner and he informed us of some great new additions to the menu coming up in December like prime rib and double smoked ham.  Like you needed more of a reason to come here...more of a reason to come here everyday!!!
5	This is a hard review to write.  Not because I don't know what to say, or how to say it.  No, this is a hard review to write because all I will be thinking about for the rest of the day is The Las Vegas Grille's BBQ.  After trying Phil's homemade sausages, I feel like every sausage I've had up to this point has been a lie.  These are the links you've been looking for.The sausages here are truly homemade, from the grinding to the smoking.  Phil, Las Vegas Grille's owner, has absolute control over his final product.  The first half of the equation is what to put inside the sausage.  The other half is the wood he uses to smoke the meat.  It may be cliche to say "quality over quanity," but it totally applies here!  The easy way out would be to throw all of your different meats into the smoker, and cook them all at the same time, which would give a similar flavor profile to all the meats.  Instead, Phil takes care to pair each meat with a specific type of wood and smoke them separately.  Longer process?  Yes.  More unique and distinct flavors?  Absolutely!My favorites have been the Thai Curry sausage and the Sundried Tomato sausage.  Yes, they really do taste like curry and sundried tomatoes, and have an awesome smoked flavor as well.  In my pre-LVG life I would have said that sausages came in two varieties: plain or spicy.  Phil has opened the door to artisan sausages, and there is no turning back.  Sausage sandwiches?  Not no more.  You don't need bread interfering with what these sausages offer. You can also order combos and get different meats for your meal.  On my most recent visit I went with a 2-meat 1-side combo for $9.99: Thai Curry Sausage, Sirloin with red wine sauce, and herb roasted potatoes (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/DO3FefiMYiPYsEl6O8W2dw?select=-lGXHtFOQ8wCSmeD3YE8dA).  The sirloin was oh so tender and came with a swiss and horseradish aioli.  I found myself using a lot of the aioli, as the red wine sauce on the sirloin was a bit sweet for my tastes.Excellent experience all around.  Friendly service that will walk you through the menu.  Be sure to talk to Phil to truly see what makes this place so special.  One of his newest menu items are smoked chicken wings, which I haven't tried yet.  Looks like I'll be making another trip to The Las Vegas Grille real soon...
5	Hmm... I dont know why my first review was taken off. But All i know is that this place is awesome.
5	First time here, and was amazed. This place smokes everything in house including Chicken Wings! My only regret is I ate to much. Come hungry and be prepared to try something new. One of the most unique "barbecue" places we've ever been to!
4	Like most BBQ joints this place is great for low carb diets, they sell the meats by the lb.  We had the full rack of spare ribs with the jerk / pineapple  BBQ sauce.         1/2 lb of  beef sirloin  with red wine jus, New Mexico green Chile sausage and rainbow slaw.          The ribs were very tender and flavorful.  The jerk / pineapple sauce had a little heat with a touch of sweetness.           Beef sirloin was the surprise , I do a little bbq'ing myself and I never thought of using sirloin, not enough fat . These guys pull it off very nicely. It was moist and tender ,            The New Mexico Chile sausage was my least favorite , I guess I am to use to the  mass produced sausages that are grind to a paste and more tender. These were more roughly ground and not as tender as I like ,but this is a personal preference.             My wife who is from Texas and grew up eating sausages that are made in house loved these, so I defer to her.                The service was good, the restaurant was scary empty meaning I hope they survive because they can smoke some meat !!!
5	This place is amazing.  I like to think of myself as somewhat of a foodie, and the ribs and sausage are world class.   The restaurant is clean/nice with great tvs.  I wish I found it sooner but glad its in the rotation now.  Thanks guys.
5	My buddy and I were leaving back to LA and we wanted to try a new place off the Vegas strip so we drove down Sahara and stumbled upon the Vegas Grille. I sincerely mean it when I say that this is the best BBQ I have ever had! Staff was friendly and food was great and reasonably priced! In my opinion, it definitely beats all the fancy expensive BBQ restaurants!
5	Yummy BBQ. Good quality at a reasonable price.
4	I did the unthinkable....I ordered a salad at a BBQ joint.  Go ahead and judge me, I deserve it.   Luckily my friend went with the Bratwurst, and that is part of the reason The Las Vegas Grille gets high marks from this guy.  (thumbs pointed to myself)The Bratwurst (made in house) had great flavor and that crisp snap you look for in the best sausages.  I come from Chicago, and in the midwest, our blood is 4% sausage to start with, so I know what I'm talking about here.  The Salad here shouldn't even be on the menu, since all the other smoky delights clearly trump a plate of greens.  The salad itself was a plate stacked high with lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, and white onion.  I added roasted chicken which was just so/so.  The creamy vinaigrette was great though, but I'm sure you could find something a bit meatier to dip in it.  My big beef about the salad, is that there is no way to dress and toss the salad at the table without making a huge mess.  I don't know why restaurants keep commiting this herbivorous sin.  I ended up just dipping various lettuce and chicken in the dressing.  It was healthy but very disappointing.  Let's be realistic though, you don't go to a BBQ place and get a salad, you come here for a heaping mound of protein, a slight case of the meat sweats, and a feeling of accomplishment (yes you did just eat that whole plate).
4	I don't live in the neighborhood but had a business appointment really close.  I'd been here several months ago and remembered the service so I drove right to it. The pineapple jerk chicken has just enough kick to get you going and the veggies are simply delish!  With respect to service,  Phil welcomes each guest as they walk in the door with a big smile and huge charisma.  He even remembered me from the last time!Whether you live in the neighborhood or not, the Las Vegas Grille is worth the drive!
4	The wings are to die for here! The salads are good too! The smoked sausages taste good also!!
5	I was told by Bobby Y to try the Whole chicken here... And I'm glad I did, it wasFantastic... The jerk sauce, the chicken was juicy, great food here.  I have found my Vegas spot for BBQ finally.One of the owners Phil is very helpful, you can tell they put pride in their food.Come here, try the wings, try the whole chicken.  Next time, I will try the sausages, I have heard great things about those as well.  Oh oh, gotta get back to office now!!
3	Food is great a little skimpy on portions but great flavors.  We got 4 meat choice deal and for 20 + dollars I think there should be more.  Sides are small also but tasty not sure if I'll be back but maybe for a lunch need more food for dinner
5	Sigh...apple wood roasted pork loin, white oak roasted beef stirloin, and thai green chili curry sausage...the perfect trifecta that will lead to a nirvana of smokey goodness. This meal definitely led me to a smokey high (drug free!), and a food coma. Can a good meal change the way you feel about your day? It sure can. While my day was already going so well, this dinner certainly was the creme dela creme of my perfect day.I just needed to indulge my curiousity for this place since I hear yelpers raving about the awesome smokey goodness of their dishes. I had the Three meal two side combo for $15.99.White Oak Roasted Beef Stirloin: The hard smokey flavor from the White Oak just really stood out and blended so well with the stirloin. On top of that, the meat was so tender, and flavor although full, was light and soft. . Just the subtle taste of light herbs and smokey white oak.Thai Green Chili Curry Sausage: Hand made with chicken turkey meat with thai green chili. It was REALLY spicy, but I loved that the meat didn't overpower the spice of the chili since the chili was the focal point of the whole sausage. In most places, you can't really enjoy the wonderful spice of the thai chili since most condiments in various dishes take over the taste of the chili. Here, you can definitely enjoy the taste of the chili.Apple wood roasted pork loin: The sweet and denser smoke flavor went so well with the pork loin. The loin was also tender, and if you squint your eyes and scrunch up your nose, you can feel that light sweetness in your taste buds.BBQ St. Louis Ribs with traditional sauce: I loved the smoke flavor in the baby back ribs. I had a bite, and you can really taste the powerful smokey flavor of the Walnut wood. So good I didn't even need extra BBQ sauce for extra kick.Everyone is so friendly here, and accomodating. Phil takes the extra effort to speak to the customers about the process of these wonderful culidary dishes. Knowledge is what makes the world go round!Oh Phil. Hat tipped to you. You are like the Bill Nye the Science guy of meat smoking chemistry. Your formula, wood and meat combinations are on point! It's not just about the quality of how the meats are prepared here, it's about how you can taste the passion of the cooking in the food, and that is what is part of what makes food legendary and memorable!
5	I tell you the first thing I like about this place is the smell when you walk in the front door. It smells as it should, smokey and delicious. I love BBQ by the way. I asked the guy behind the counter about the ribs and what he likes. So I got Spare Ribs with Pineapple Jerk Sauce. And they were amazing spicy and sweet and just good. I only got the taster, (4 bones) but I was wishing I had gotten the half rack afterward. I would reccomend this place to BBQ lovers.
5	This was a great find when we were recently in Vegas!  The owner greeted us when we walked in and you can quickly tell he is very passionate about BBQ.  We just knew that whatever we ordered was going to be good!  However, it was oustanding!First off, the smell of smoked meats greets you when you walk in and it was amazing.  I got the kielbasa that was smoked and wow it was the best kielbasa sausage I've ever had.  It would almost melt in your mouth.  My wife got the pecanwood chicken sandwich with the garlic mushrooms and wow it was just unbelieveable!I so wish we had something like this in VA but I will tell you that I haven't seen anyplace like this anywhere in my travels.  What makes this place different is that it is a "new view" on BBQ as they smoke all the meats.  And he makes his own sausage which gives you the freshest meats!Believe me when I tell you to stop here and enjoy a great meal!  Oh and the prices are very resaonable for the quality of the food and the portion size!  Go there now if you are in Vegas!
5	My husband and I visited The Las Vegas Grille yesterday for the first time.  We discovered this restaurant through Restaurant.com, where we bought a gift certificate, so that we could try it out and save a bit of cash in doing so.   Well, walking through the door, we were met with the smell of the hardwood smoker and that unmistakable, nostril pleasing authentic BBQ smell.  I had a good feeling that we were in for a treat. Well, we ordered smoked hot wings and let me tell you - if you love smoked meats and hot wings - order these!  The combination was absolutely DIVINE.  Well done! I ordered us half a rack of St.Louis ribs with a side of roasted red potatoes.   The ribs were perfect!  I'm typically a rib snob and prefer baby backs, but these St. Louis style ribs were outstanding.  I would definitely order them again, but after eyeballing the Las Vegas Grille's very interesting and unique menu, I have to say, I'm anxious to try out some of the more exotic fare.  We enjoyed a caramel apple pie with vanilla ice cream for dessert, and it would have been perfect if it had been served hot, but that is my only constructive criticism for this place.  And besides, next time I will want to try their creme brulee cheesecake, so it's no biggie :) Las Vegas Grille, KUDOS.  You guys are doing it right!
5	Although I'm one of the most proud Texan girls you will ever meet, for whatever reason I escaped a Texas upbringing without developing a fondness for BBQ. In fact, I kind of hate BBQ. Some might say I'm not a real Texan, but I digress...I waited a long time to try this place for some silly reason. I guess I figured it was yet another BBQ place, and I'd hate it just like all the rest. Luckily, LVG is something DIFFERENT! If you are craving Memphis or Texas style BBQ, you might be disappointed.. but for those of us who don't like BBQ or for you BBQ-lovers who can appreciate a completely different experience, this place is nirvana !So my favorite item on the menu is actually the smoked salmon sandwich. In general I hate fish sandwiches and find them icky, but this is the best fish on bread this girl has ever eaten! They smoke their own salmon and pair it with a lemon garlic aioli.. YUMMMMM. I like mine on ciabbata - it's perfection! (On a side note, the local bakery they get their breads from is INCREDIBLE, and they have the most fresh perfect ciabbata ever ! I have yet to have a sandwich on stale bread here!). Another favorite of mine is the BBQ chicken sandwich with that insane pineapple jerk sauce.. So many things to try and love! Meatballs, sausages, wood-fire roasted wings... .this carnivore couldn't be happier! The staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean, the prices are reasonable.. GO NOW.. :)
5	Hubby and I were desiring bbq after watching numerous episodes of Man vs Food.  Viewing a grown adult man consume pounds of smoky bbq'ed beef sounds distasteful at first....until the countless close-up shots of juicy pork and chicken and beef start to invade one's consciousness.  Gah.  We dropped into the Las Vegas Grille and were happily surprised by the cheeriness of the interior and the friendliness of the owner.This place is super fun and serves up delectable food.  The wings are smoked which results in less fat!  Healthy(ish) wings!  I ordered the brat and 3 Hawaiian meatballs and both were so flavourful and fresh.  Since the sausages are made in-house, there are no bad-for-you chemicals in the food.  Hubby's chicken was crispy and juicy and the various sides we ordered were tangy, provided ample textural contrast (rainbow coleslaw, braised red cabbage, Bavarian potato salad), and were not dripping in mayo/other sauces.  The Thai curry sausage was yummy and spicy.Phil, the owner, takes such pride in his craft which is a delight to behold (and consume).  He also has a sense of humour; after ordering my brat and meatballs, he replied, with an evil grin: "so, you want a sausage and balls?"  Hee hee.  Ok, yes, that appealed to my inner 12 year old boy.  ;)Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get (lots) and the type (meat).  Not a lot of veggie-friendly options, as the joint is a BBQ place, but there are a few sides and salads that fit that bill.Go and support this fantastic local business!
5	First time here and I am happy. It is great BBQ with a twist. The staff is knowledgable and friendly and they have a large menu. I had the daily special rib sandwich on chibatta and I was not dissapointed. Lots of meat, very tender and not chewy at all. I definitly will come here again.
5	Went back again after my last review.  As I had hoped, the place improved by about 1,000%.  This is now easily the best BBQ place in Las Vegas.  Easily.  The ribs were fantastic - nice smoky flavor with a nice combo of spices and some interesting sauce options.  Meat was tender but still had texture.  That comes from hours of good old fashioned smokin'Sausage was awesome - as it was when I last reviewed.Can't give this place enough props.  They kept refining and refining their product and now are second to none.  Hope they are the big success they deserve to be.
5	Died and gone to heaven! 1st off - the owners are awesome.  Took time to explain the menu, with obvious pride of their work. Not a hard sell , just a nice guy!  We had the ribs, chicken wings, tritip, potato salad, beans and coleslaw. Usually I'm pretty picky but absolutely everything we had was EXCELLENT!  All was obviously made in-house. Even the blue cheese dressing with the chicken wings was unique and out of this world!       But where was everyone? We were the only folks in the whole place. I sure hope people start coming and giving these guys the business they deserve.      Good prices, awesome fresh food - ths place can't be beat
5	The best BBQ chicken I've ever tasted. I had the 3 meat combo with beef, spicy thai sausage and pork, while my wife got the chicken and beef. The baked beans were incredible, too. Super friendly guys run the place. I felt like I'd known them for years by the time we left. This place is awesome and is a truly hidden gem. I will definitely be coming back on the next trip to Vegas.
5	Thai Green Chili Sausages!  Best I have ever had!  Well, this is the first place that I have ever had such sausage, but I can confidently say that no one can make a Thai Green Chili Sausage, as flavorful as LVG!I have also tried the chicken and rib with the pineapple crack...um...jerk sauce.  Wow, I can sip on that pineapple jerk sauce all day!  The rib was tender fall off the bone good, and chicken was moist and delicious.  I also enjoyed the Bavarian potato salad because it's one of a kind, no mayo type of potato salad.  I am glad LVG offers this.Side note: I reward myself with food from LVG after my intense training session at Round 1 Boxing.  That's how much I prize Phil's delicious food.
5	Very good food and hospitable staff!We were warmly welcomed and walked through the ordering process with recommendations from fellow yelp'ers and the front clerk.We tried a little bit of everything, including the bbq ribs, thai sausage, pork tri-tip, pineapple jerk chicken etc.  The ribs were very very good, some of the best I have ever had, the jerk chicken was awesome....love the cooked skin on the chicken.  The sausage was very tasty too...read that they do it themselves on site.  And the tri-tip was very fatty and yummy.Went with a few potato sides and the baked beans.  Everything was delicious.Overall, it is definitely a must try esp if you're in the area.  I think we spent around $20-25 for two, so at $10-12pp for some VERY good eats, it's a bargain.  Leave a generous tip!
4	With the high yelp ratings, I had to try this place out and it did not disappoint! The St. Louis style ribs were delicious, tender but not to the point where it is mushy and the BBQ sauce has a nice tangy smoky flavor.  They also have a pineapple ginger jerk sauce for the ribs as well, for those more adventurous.  In terms of the homemade sausages, there were glowing reviews but I was a little disappointed in the Thai Green Chili Sausage....the flavor was decent but I tend to prefer my sausages a little less lean since it ends up being a little too dry for my liking.....what can I say I enjoy fatty foods.  My boyfriend made the wiser choice in his combo by selecting the BBQ beef sirloin....omg it was so delicious...I was tempted to steal off his plate as he was distracted by the Laker's game.    The sides were also decent, I had the pasta salad which is probably a little bit healthier than the red potato salad.  But the red potato salad definitely was packed with more flavor.  The meal is also served with bread...not home made however, I believe they get the bread from Great Buns.  Overall, really good prices for the amount of meat.  I will definitely be back to try their other meat offerings!  A good local alternative to those who frequent Lucille's.
5	Originally from Cleveland, Ohio, I have tasted barbecue grilled in a big barrel on the street and while there are those who would question the cleanliness of this method, great barbecue is cooked this way. I came home today when I entered The Las Vegas Grille and ate some of the freshest, most delectable barbecue meat. Of course, the sides are totally different from my Cleveland days (which consisted of a slice of white Wonder bread, baked beans and maybe grilled corn). The rotini pasta salad is off the chain with a light flavor and not covered with oil. The red potato salad is just as light without being laden down with mayo and hint of red pepper to add to the taste.Now for the meat. The sausage is made fresh including grinding and casing and, being from Cleveland with a large Eastern European population, I know my sausage and this sausage is so full of flavor without that greasy aftertaste.Of course, the ribs are the stars, smoked in the smoker in the restaurant, and are tender, with a smoky flavor in every morsel (instead of liquid smoke flavoring used in many places) and huge portions are served.Finally, the service is friendly, inviting and I am looking forward to coming back over the weekend for live entertainment being offered.
4	we enjoy las vegas grille. the food is outstanding plus they have great lunch special. bbq ribs are excellent, and the jerk chicken was great. i shall return. keep up the good work.
4	I'm from Texas....so yes I am a little of a BBQ snob.  Dirty dirty south BBQ snob with smothered sauce on top.  LV Grille is not your typical BBQ fare.  It's definitely more refined and I would say it's more new-age BBQ.   So if you come in with an open mind, then you will be amazed by their BBQ.The owner is extremely passionate about his food and has photographic memory.  2 of my friends who I ate with were on return visits and the owner knew their names and exactly what they ordered from their previous trip.He went through the menu with us and was extremely helpful providing suggestions.  We ended up ordering their "off the menu" wings which were smoky, spicy, and delicious.  I probably would have been fine eating just the wings. After that, we shared a 4 meat combo with 3 sides as we opted with the Ribs, Chicken, Beef sirloin, and Sausage.  The ribs were tender, smoky, and fell off the bone.  The chicken was juicy, not dry, and the skin has the crispness where I say screw my cholesterol - i'm eating up all the skin.  Everything was really good and this place will only be better bc the staff really cares about your opinions and they want to provide the best gourmet BBQ.I can't compare this BBQ with TX BBQ.  TX BBQ will always be #1 but I love and appreciate all forms of BBQ.....Carolina, Memphis, KC, and now I'm going to have to add LV Grille's new age BBQ to the mix.
5	Best wings I ever had! Sweet heat I call them!!  BBQ Hot wings !!!!
5	This place is AMAZING!  Finally a true smoke house where each item has its own unique flavor. The chicken is tender and juicy. The pork and beef are cooked to perfection and sausages not only are hand made but taste it. I can go on and on but trust me this is the REAL DEAL!!
4	3 words.....try the RIBS!!! Delicious!! Friendly & attentive staff! The BBQ beans & jerk chicken wasn't my favorite...but after I tried the ribs w/traditional sauce I was hooked! If u like spicy try the spicy curry sausage...4 stars 4 the awesome ribs,friendly staff,& clean environment! Only thing missing were the toothpicks! But def worth a try!
5	My girlfriend and I REALLY love barbecue and have traveled to many other states to try different barbeque places.   But how lucky we are to have found some of the best barbecue we,ve ever had right here at home in Las Vegas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   Tonight was our second visit in less than a week and we were as happy tonight as on our previous visit last Sunday.On Sunday we ordered a full rack of ribs and a 3 meat combo.   WOW!!!!!!!!!The ribs are super tender and have a great smokey flavor that can only be achieved by using an  inhouse smoker and great wood.  The 3 meat comboincluded chicken, smoked tri tip sliced thin and a smoked pork loin which also sliced thin. All of the meats were very tender and had great flavor.We also sampled several different side dishes which are all homemade like roasted potatoes, cole slaw and macaroni salad. All were fantastic.  We also had the pleasure of meeting 2 of the owners, Phil and Chris,  who both were very nice and took the time to explain to us how they cook the different types of meats and how they get so many different flavors using different seasonings and different types of wood.  O.K. so we finished our leftovers Monday and Tuesday and now it,sThursday and we are craving more barbecue. This time, we are going to try the sandwiches. My GF ordered a barbecue rib sandwich special which includeda side dish and a drink for only 7.99. She loved it.   I had to try one of their sausage sandwiches since they make all of thesausages in house from scratch. Phil recommended I try his new creation,a curry chicken and turkey sausage sandwich with carmelized onions on top.OMG good!!!!!!!!!!!!! What an amazing flavor.   On this visit, Phil and Chris both remembered us from our previous visit and made us feel welcome and happy. These guys are very passionate about their barbecue. Not only do they have great customer service skills, they have aproduct which is by far, the BEST you,ll find in Las Vegas.     Thanks guys and see you soon.
5	Fantastic barbeque!!!  Only improvement would be some better sides, especially something green.  The white oak sirloin is to die for.
4	I was itching for some good bbq... so I grabbed my iPhone and looked for that Yelp app. This place had the highest praise and it was for a reason. Their food is pretty good!Now I don't know much about bbq, but I'm not skinny...so I know good food when I taste it.Tried the meatballs...not too bad. Not a meatball fan thoTried the ribs...so damn good that you don't need any sauce!! Then I had the wings....whoa. Best wings I've had so far in Vegas! It was so good that I went two days in a row!If they had more advertisement, that place would be packed...gotta spread the word.
4	The chicken was fabulous, and their smoked wings are incredible!  The ribs were average, and the pork was sliced so thinly that it couldn't retain any heat - and I'm not a fan of cold meat.We also enjoyed the meatball sampler, and we're glad we didn't order more because those meatballs were huge!  Overall, we enjoyed it and plan on returning.. especially for the chicken :D
5	I went here for lunch to catch up with an old friend from high school.  I learned about it from Yelp! and it was a great choice.You order at the register, and then they bring the food out to you at your table.  The gentleman at the counter was very helpful and made some great suggestions (such as their thai chili sausages that are the current special).  I had a three meat combination (the sausage, 1/4 rack of ribs, and the apple wood pork loin).  All three were good, but I really enjoyed the pork loin.  It was thinly sliced and had a great flavor.  You can definitely taste the flavor of the smoke.  Very good.  The ribs were also good as they just fell off the bone, and they were not overly fatty.  It came with a good pineapple jerk BBQ sauce.  Very tasty.I had the spicy baked beans and sauteed veggies for sides.  Nothing too special, but solid and tasty.  Have to have a well rounded meal, right?It took a little while for us to get our food, but I didn't mind because (1) I was not in a hurry and (2) I could tell that they make their food fresh.  We waited maybe 15-20 minutes to get our food after ordering.  This didn't appear to be some assembly line place.  This is some good stuff!  My meal was $15.99 + tax and a drink.  I believe the 2-meat combo was around $10/11.  They also had a drum set near the line area, and I'm not sure if there is live music in the place, but it would have a nice vibe to the atmosphere if they did during dinner or something!
5	we went to the lasvegas grille last night and man the food was great!!!!!! the owner  was very nice we talked to him for about an hour. my youngest had to know everyones name that worked there lolol but we loved the food and we will be going backi also have started my travel blogs and i will be add the lasvegas grille in my next blog so look for it on www.travelersblog.com popcorn travelsharon perlin
3	High expectations can be a killer.   As with Godfather III, Star Wars: Episode 1, Prometheus, and having your own children, those high expectations are often met with soul crushing disappointment.  Just kidding about the children, I'm sure they're lovely, really.I went into The Las Vegas Grille with visions of 5 star ratings dancing in my head.  The descriptions of all these meats and amazing potato sides, and it was all going to be MINE!  I studied the menu for whole MINUTES before driving over, and decided that if they had the often mentioned Thai Green Curry Sausage that I'd order that.  There wasn't a line at the counter so I took a minute to pester the friendly gent working the register that I had lactose intolerance and he was so nice to go in the back and check on some items he wasnt certain about being safe for me (and anyone who would be in my vicinity in the following hours).   Thai Curry Sausages were all good (!), and then he asked me what kind of bread I wanted it on.  Detour.  I wasn't prepared for this.   Luckily my brain chose fight instead of flight and I went with Pretzel bread because pretzel bread is generally delicious.  Then he asked if I wanted grilled onions.  Uh, yeah I do.  I always do.   Condiments?  Mustard.  Just mustard.  Sides?  Had to go with herb roasted potatoes from what I'd read in other reviews.It did take longer than I'd thought it would, but this isn't necessarily a fault as I was just unaware at the preparation time.  Next time I'd call it in.   A short while later I was presented with my food and excitedly was on my way back to the office.Upon opening my Styrofoam box of goodies, I was presented with a lovely site of the Sausage in a nice pretzel bread just SMOTHERED with onions.   I couldn't wait to inhale this so I took a massive bite, not even caring what a mess I was making even though my office door was wide open for all to see.  And.... it was good.  The sausage had a nice flavor, the pretzel bread tasted like pretzel bread, the onions tasted like onions.  Good.   But not AMAZING.  Not shouting to the heavens thanking them for ever having me stumble onto Yelp (I do that often enough anyhow).   I actually didn't find the sausage to be very spicy at all unlike some reviewers mentioned.  Potatoes?  Wasn't too impressed with them.  The potatoes themselves tasted fine, but there was some sort of spice that overpowered the dish a little.  Probably a personal preference.  In the end I was left with a nice meal overall that I can't help think was slightly diminished by those lofty expectations.  Next time they will be tempered, and I can't wait to try something new.
5	Love this place!  It suffered because of the crap construction project on sahara for the express bus lane.  Great food!  I had an amazing brat on a pretzel roll.  Their barbecue isn't your typical fare... it's really good and unique.  Do yourself a favor and give it a try!!
5	I believe that with as many check ins as I have I can properly be an authority on the fine eats at my favorite restaurant. I know everyone there now very well! Phil the jazz chef, Dave the laid back tyrant when things are busy, Chris the calm friendly front man, who doubles as a great line cook. Andre the hat turns around when the heat is on. There are others that work tirelessly to continue to improve on an awesome array  of mouth watering food.  I am always looking to push the limits of what they can deliver. I enjoy not ordering directly off the menu anymore, but asking for my own creation and have not been disappointed. I asked for a heart stopping grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and tomato, ahh heaven. I survived the meal. I have been to the Grille more times than I have checked in, but my strict rule is that I don't check in unless I order. Saturday nights have become interesting, I never know what to expect on open mic nights.I have my own chicken wing sauce that is out of this world, and a bit dangerous. 2 Challenges and haven't lost yet.  If you aren't afraid of ghosts, call me out! I will put my money on the table.I could run on forever with how good the fare is here, but more importantly is that everybody knows your name at the Las Vegas Grille.  If you go once, and return, they acknowledge that and thank you. Who does that anymore?there is no place that I have been ever who takes the time to really want to get to know you like these guys do. If it is busy, relax it is well worth the wait! Everything on the menu is made to order, never under a heat lamp, no microwaves. When your order goes in people jump and make it happen.The Duke has spoken,I bequeath you to take time and enjoy, the most unique and responsive grille in town!Not everything is for everyone, even me, but now that I have gotten to know everyone, I challenge them to amaze me every time. If you didn't order exactly what you want then try again, and again!The Duke promises that, you will find your own dish of delight. Thank you to all at the Grille for putting up with my outrageous requests.And, see you tomorrow!
5	Yelped BBQ in our neighborhood and The Las Vegas Grille popped up so off we went. Great BBQ in our neighborhood. We'll definitely be regulars, next time returning with friends. Since it was our first time we ordered the 4 meats and three sides plate. Delicious.
5	LOVE BBQ!!! Fresh, authentic and friendly staff! All of this and more! When I asked for the rib sandwich without the bread Phil said "no problem!" They now have beer and wine and nothing is better than good BBQ and a nice glass of Chardonnay. I also had the grilled veggies with hummus...yummus!!! LOVE the Portebello mushroom. Plus their salads are huge! My favorite is the grilled salmon. All in all a great dining experience!
4	Anyone who knows me knows I am a barbeque fanatic. Traditionally drawn to Texas style barbeque, I have also developed a great appreciation for both Kansas City and Carolina barbeques throughout the years. There's just something about that slow cooked cut that makes my mouth water.In my opinion, when you do barbeque good, it feels so natural going down that you can sometimes enjoy and entire meal with friends and never realize, until it over, just how wonderful the food was. I know I am supposed to feel guilty about not recognizing the tender, juicy cuts of pork, beef or chicken while they make their way down my gullet, but I honestly feel so at home enjoying great barbeque that I can easily get lost in some sort of euphoria.By the way, bad barbeque (which Vegas has plenty of) is so offensive to my pallet that I can notice nothing else and I want to stand up and throw it back at the moron who cooked it.In all my years of enjoying some of the world's best (and not enjoying its worst), I have to admit that I never expected what I found at The Las Vegas Grille (with an e). I am still adamant that there are only three types of barbeque (as previously mentioned), but I will hereby acknowledge that you can do some great things with slow smoked meats and I will still call it barbeque.That's exactly what you will find at The Las Vegas Grille, excellent slow smoked meats that challenge every notion of traditional barbeque. The choices will leave you baffled for a time, and the menu is a little difficult to navigate, but the end result is definitely worth the adventure.You won't find any barbeque sauces littering the tables at The Las Vegas Grille, although I expect you could ask for them if you truly want. But what you will find is some quite delicious selections of non-traditional meat items ranging from tri-tip to meatballs to chicken/turkey sausages that are all smoked with an impressive variety of wood chips. From grape to apricot to just about everything imaginable, The Las Vegas Grille uses these woods  to smoke its equally interesting variety of meats and the result is something you just have to try.I will not go so far as to say that I am convert to this new and intriguing style of barbeque, as I will always be emotionally tied to true Texas barbeque, but I will say that The Las Vegas Grille is definitely something that is very welcome to the Vegas culinary scene.
5	Haven't really eaten much meat til recently, but a meat bacchanalia sounded good to the BF. This place seemed to get positive reviews as of late, ironed out the details of being the new guy and we were pleasantly surprised. We decided on sharing a 3meat, 2 sides combo. I read through the reviews to find out which meats were the hits and it did not disappoint. The Thai sausage was lovely. Nice snap when you bite, lightly smokey, has a nice lemongrassy, cilantro, minty flavor to it. The ribs were juicy, perfectly smoked through and the BBQ sauce was tangy and a little sweet. Normally I want more sauce on most ribs, but these didn't need it. BBQ chicken with the pineapple jerk sauce is everything you want in chicken. The skin was crispy while the meat was absolutely juicy! I'm a sauce person, but the little baste was good enough since it was really well seasoned. I LOVE the fact that all the meats are smoked separately, with different wood. Phil is serious about his BBQ as many established places around town do not really do this. The Bavarian potato salad was delish. I love myself vinegar based taters and this was definitely one of the better ones I've had. The spicy baked beans were pleasantly unique. I love that it's a mix of beans! The spice isn't spicy but spice filled and had a slightly sweet aftertaste that seemed to be like nutmeg/cinnamon's doing. It's a bit like Carribean beans my friends mom makes which I happen to adore. Phil and his staff were very nice and friendly. I just love really cool owners that really is proud of their product and happy to make this a positive experience. These are the type of places that should be supported. I've been keeping to a 4star first visit with a several visit bump to 5stars, but this was seriously "as good as it gets". Being a "weekday vegetarian" I think this will be a splurge in my rotation. I think one of our friends who is a BBQ geek would really like this place so we will definitely be back for more!
5	This place is the BOMB!! I went there on my birthday with my family and i LOVED it. I typically do not like bbq, but this place was soooo good. Because it was my birthday I got this hooked up piece of cheesecake which was to die for. A MUST GO!!
5	Great barbecue.
4	Bumping this up to a 4 for now based on the incredible smoked salmon sandwich I just finished polishing off.   Ordered it based on Blair's ROTD from a few days ago praising it and wow, I was not disappointed.  A heap of smoked salmon on the incredible Ciabatta bread with some veggies and a nice aioli.  I was a little disappointed when I opened it up my container and saw the sandwich hadn't been cut in half (I never requested it this way though, so it wasn't their fault).   I took out the little plastic knife from the plasticware they gave me, and it cut through the middle of the sandwich, bread and salmon all like it was butter.   One of the better sandwiches I've had in my lifetime.Only thing keeping it from a 5 is I still haven't found a side I'm completely in love with.  Last time the roasted potatoes and this time the Red Potato salad.   I thought they were both okay, but neither has blown me away.   I'll keep trying until I find "the one".  I'm sure it's out there somewhere.    I'm cutting and pasting those last two sentences for my match.com profile.Grille is movin on up!   I expect it to be at 5 stars for me by year's end.
4	We were looking for a BBQ place today and, thanks to Misty Y's review and some other positive notes, we decided to try the Las Vegas Grille.  I never know what to expect from local establishments but we love trying new things.  Unfortunately I am on a fat loss diet so this was really a trip for my wife but I admit I did sample some of the food so I could write this review.  We ordered the 3 meatball taster.  The meatballs, which are ground on the premises, are delicious and light as opposed to the dense rocks my mother used to make.  The taster gives you three different sauces and each had a great flavor.  One of the three meatballs was slightly pink in the cen tr er but phil assures me that is due to the fusion of  three types of ground meat and that they are very careful to ensure it is cooked properly. All tasted excellent. We also got the ribs and pork combo with potato salad.( the pork was not the pulled pork choice but a thinly sliced pork).  The ribs were excellent with a mild bbq sauce that had a great flavor.  They fell off the bone almost just from looking at them.  The pork was not as warm as we would have liked and really did not have enough flavor.  We didn't like the potato salad because it was in a vinegar based sauce but I suspect some people would like it as it is a matter of taste.  We met the owner Phil who brought out the peanut butter chocolate pie my wife tortured me with.  Luckily I am not a huge peanut butter desert fan so one very small taste was enough for me.  It was not too rich and had an excellent flavor and texture.The price is amazing.  The meatballs were $3.99 and the combo 10.99 +2.00 to add the ribs.  They have sandwiches and other meats on the menu and they also make their own sausage from scratch.  I did not try the bread as it didn't look that spectacular and my wife didn't rave about it.They sometimes offer deals on other sites and whoever is in charge of that for Yelp should hit them up!All in all, this is a great deal!Note i have corrected this review as i had inacurately statased a meatball was undefcooked when it was in fact cooked properly and was pink due to the meat mixtures.  Thanks Phil!
5	This place has the best and most reasonably priced BBQ in Vegas! They also have a great weekly Saturday comedy show at 7:30 pm!!!
4	Finally got to try the Thai sausage.  I love any type of sausage and when we came here last time, they were out, so when they told us they had two left, we took both.  It was great.  I love the spicy mix flavor. My husband got some of the ribs, he's had them before and they are still very good, actually fell off the bone.  And as a side, we love the cole slaw. Good service, not very crowded, and great food.
5	May have found a new spot to satisfy my meat cravings.This place is awesome and if you're near by you will KNOW you're close due to that amazing smell from the smokers.I had the special Oktoberfest German Hunter's sausage with bacon in it. Damn good sausage and the roll it came on was quite delicious as well. I personally couldn't taste the bacon but wow still really good.A little later Phil brought out a sample of (I Think) Artisan's Bratwurst and holy crap that was good. Some amazing flavors. Sadly the Thai Green Curry was all sold out but that's fine. Now i have an excuse to come back.Very friendly service and some amazing food. Highly recommended.
3	We went there and split a sample platter. The cashier was really friendly and told us about the comedy shows on the weekends-for free! The chicken and ribs were really good! The chicken was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside! Beautiful! The ribs were super tasty and cooked just right. Their sauce was amazing. Everything else, sides potatoes, slaw and beans were just alright. The curry sausage was spicy & tasty but a little dry and the beef tips were nothing to write home about. Beers are anywhere from $4-$4.75. Would go again just for the chicken alone.
1	I would Not recommend this place. the ribs were dry and rubbery, and tasted like the rear end of  animal. They gloppes the sauce over to cover bad meat taste.  The beans were also old and glazed over like they had been reheated from last week.  The side salad I got was just iceberg lettuce with two slices of cucumber and tomato.  The best part of the meal were the dinner rolls and the balsamic vinegarette for the salad. All this was grossly over priced. If you want good bbq go to Road Kill Grill instead!
4	I am always in search of some great Q. Decided to check out The Las Vegas Grill after reading about it. Went for lunch and had a hard time choosing. You order from a large menu board at the counter and the food is delivered to your table. I decided on the 2 meat and 1 side combo. The 2 meats were chopped pork in BBQ sauce and smoked kielbasa sausage. The side was spicy baked beans. The pork was very tender and the kielbasa had great smoke and garlic. The beans were better than most and had a nice tang. The portions were ample and allowed for some kielbasa to go home. I plan to return for dinner to check out some the other meats. This is another great addition to the BBQ places around town. With many  choices for dining  I hope these guys make it. Keep smokin!
1	I've been looking for a great BBQ place to eat, coming from the Midwest this isn't an easy task. I was disillusioned by all the reviews this place had. I should have known by how empty the place was. I ordered the 3 meat combo. The ribs were disgusting, brisket was old, and the steak was ok. The sides were old. However the bread was warm and delicious. I regret trying the meatballs since that's what people were raging about. However I don't think I'll ever come back.
5	Excellent food, excellent service.  It's hard to find good food in Vegas without heading to a five-star restaurant.  I'm a big food critic, and this place is absolutely excellent.
4	I've been here a couple times now. The  owner always takes time to come out and talk to the customers and his passion for his business is evident in his food. There's plenty of well crafted, well executed dishes on the menu.Sirloin on sourdough - plenty of tender and juicy beef, nicely toasted bread; with a side of Bavarian potato salad that tasted heavily of paprika or a similar spice.1/4 white chicken ($6.99) - breast and wing. I got it plain (for my kid) with the BBQ sauce on the side. Plenty of juicy meat and it came with one side.1/2 rack of St. Louis style ribs ($16.99) - the meat wasn't fall-off-the-bone tender, but it was good, smokey, and very meaty. The ribs are smoked for several hours then finished on the grill with your choice of sauce. I loved the bbq sauce -- a touch sweet with plenty of depth in flavor. The meal came with one side.Red potato salad - plenty of acidity plus eggy-mayonaise taste. It was ok.Herb roasted potatoes - excellent. slightly crispy exterior/soft interior, well seasoned.I haven't tried the sausages yet, but will soon. The owner mentioned that they're made in-house.
3	This was a very good BBQ spot in Las Vegas. We ventured out here to get some non-Casino buffet food and were pleasantly surprised. The service was very friendly and knowledgeable. Would definitely return if I had a rent-a-car and was in Vegas.
5	Whatever your plans are for Friday and Saturday, Drop Them! I went to the LV Grille's Happy Hour karaoke last week and I was floored. They had Las Vegas Strip celebrities running their karaoke show! It was awesome. They have the happy hour karaoke every Friday night from 6-10 pm. Then I went to the Grille on Saturday night for their weekly comedy show. It started at 7:30 pm and they had national touring comedians performing! The BBQ was great. Everything was made from scratch. There were beer and food specials. Overall, great time! I highly recommend it.
5	tien n brought us over after we had shabushabu in the same plaza. the owner chatted with us for a bit and then brought out some pork he was making for the week and an event coming up. dude, it was legit. soo good. there was an uye organized there the same weekend and we went to go eat some "bravarian meal"? i think thats what it was called. bobby y. kept calling it something else instead of what i was supposed to be called and now i think thats all i remembered. but before we got in and sat down there was some kind of live comedy show going on. i told them i was here waiting for some friends and sat down. after a few other people show up a guy walks over to us and tells us theres a cover charge for the show. we tell him we just came for the food. but he just stood there. so we thought he was joking and kept messing with him but he just stood there. like an idiot. eventually we all kinda looked at each other and paid him the cover charge. we werent too happy about it and didnt know that there was going to be a cover charge. but we were here for the food. after we ordered the food came out and it was awesome! there was so much in the "bravarian meal" that it two people had to share it. i had the pork and sausage. i didnt leave anything behind. i tried some of other people's dishes (while they werent looking! muhaha jk...) and there wasnt anything i didnt like. you could tell the owner took pride in making his food.
5	As soon as I walked in the door the smell slapped me silly! Was greeted by the owner Phil. Very nice and comfy atmosphere. I got the pineapple jerk chicken. Nice char on it, juicy, and could taste the smokiness which I appreciated, chicken was very tasty and has a little kick to it. The two sides were great as well got the potatoes, and veggies. Excellent dish! Would definitely go back and try other things on the menu.
5	This is the best place for bbq in all of Las Vegas, however their best item is not their ribs, but their jerk chicken. I'm not saying their ribs are bad. No, not at all. However, I cannot emphasize the magnitude of their jerk chicken. To be candid, in all of Los Angeles, there are no good jerk chicken. This place has such good jerk chicken, I almost had tears. My eyes watered up after each bite, and my soul was saddened to know that vegas was the only place to get good jerk chicken. Here's how it went, I went in and got the two item combo for $10.99, which is a fair price. The ribs were tender and fall off the bone, but the bbq sauce was just ok. Then I got the jerk chicken and got a food high. Come here, and try it for yourself.
5	YUM!!  My friend and I went to the Las Vegas Grille for lunch today after she found a coupon and we checked them out on Yelp and saw all of the favorable reviews.  We both ordered a homemade sausage on pretzel rolls; I had the Turkey & Chicken  New Mexico Chile sausage and she had the Turkey & Chicken Mediterranean Sundried Tomato sausage on pretzel rolls.  There were no condiments or extras of any type on the rolls, and they didn't need it because the sausages had amazing flavor on their own.  My sausage had a bit of a kick to it but nothing too bad since I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to spicy food.  We also both ordered side salads and were surprised by how large they were.  The salads, while fairly basic, were not just the typical iceburg lettuce salad; they had field greens, tomatoes, onions and what seemed to be homemade croutons.  The balsamic vinaigrette served on the side was one of the best dressings I've had and I want a bottle of it with me at all times.Service was great.  You order at the counter and then the food is brought to you.  The girl taking our order (I wish I had gotten her name!) was very helpful and had suggestions for us since we hadn't been there before.  I had read a few reviews that said there was a lengthy wait to get food because everything is cooked to order, but we were in and out pretty quickly.  Also, as soon as we had ordered our food and sat down, our server brought us warm rolls right out of the oven first and then our salads next, so we had food while we were waiting for our sausages.  I can't wait to go back and take my (meat loving husband) with me.  I expect this will be one of our favorite places to go, and I plan on checking out the Saturday night stand-up comedy soon.
5	I went here for lunch today and it was my 4th or 5th trip. The bbq is fantastic! I recommend the chicken wings and any of their sausages...especially the thai version. They are reasonably priced and the staff is awesome. Give them a try!
1	I ate here a couple times this summer and both times the place was dead... at 7pm. Not dead like a handful of tables were occupied but dead like my fiancee and I were the only two people there, aside from the staff. The food was decent but the service was crazy slow. I decided to give this place another shot and phoned in an order. All I wanted was a # of beef loin. The guy on the phone said they were fresh out. How do you run out of beef in a restaurant that sells grilled food? It's not like I called a seafood restaurant and wanted spaghetti. So, I ordered a # of pork loin instead. I'll leave out the details about having to wait while listening to terrible stand up comedy and get to the food. When I got home, I opened up the meat and it smelled like Formaldehyde -- like when I dissected a cat in 11th grade Anatomy class. I ran it by a couple other noses and even my dog agreed it was bad. I lost my appetite it smelled so terrible. So, I called the restaurant only to be told by the guy on the phone that not only was the meat good, but it was the best pork they'd ever made. They were like those crazy chefs on Kitchen Nightmares swearing up and down their food is legit and their customers are retarded. A few minutes later, the owner called me and basically bragged about how top notch that meat was and how they'd been eating it all night. I wasn't calling to get my money back, I just called so they'd know their food went bad and they should get rid of it before someone else ate it and got sick. So, if you ate there tonight and got sick, rest assured that they knew they it was going to happen.
