4	so happen walked in this grand opening korean restaurant today for lunch, good price on combo - BBQ beef (good) + Tofu soup (lit bit lack of flavor but tofu is soft mixed w good spice)+ Red bean shaved ice as dessert =$16 - good for 2 person with side dishes and rice. Great service! owner is super friendly and gave us seafood pankcake (good) and one extra red bean ice for business appreciation. finally there is a korean restaurant in the area, give it a try!
5	DELICIOUS AUTHENTIC KOREAN FOOD!!! This restaurant has amazing quality food and service!!! Price is perfect as well.
5	They have a kind and caring staff. I haven't tasted Korean food like this in a long time. Food tastes like million bucks! And shaved Ice... Omg I won't even talk about that.  It just melts in your mouth and it's so filling for the right price. And they GIVE YOU ALOT!!!!! Just come and see for your self I don't think you will be disappointed. It's going to be my new regular place to eat
5	Love this place, just had their combo of tonkatsu, tofu soup, and red bean dessert. The lady (ahjuma) took care of me really well making sure I had lots of ban-chan (side dishes) and was polite and caring without being overbearing. The food was probably some of the best non-bbq korean food i've here in Vegas, The ban-chan was top notch, and the complimentary seafood pancake was pretty awesome. The breading on the tonkatsu was a little dry but the meat was awesome. So was the soup. The red bean dessert was OK, a little bit too fruity but that's ok because it's healthy, right?  Big portions and reasonable prices if you get the combo. Plus, I got to watch some kpop music videos that were playing on the TV (always a plus to watch the sexy girl group, T-ara, while eating good food.) Great Find!!
4	Authentic, Home Cookin' Korean!As you can see from my photo, I'm a white dude, but growing up around lots of Korean friends and culture, I definitely know my way around a few H.O.T. albums and jars of kimchi in the garage.  The food at Mashisoyo is homey and authentic in the best way.The owners greeted me with sincere smiles as I walked in for dinner on a Thursday evening with a friend.  We sat down in front of a TV playing some K-pop stuff, which is still entertaining, even if your Korean isn't so good.  We ordered the Seafood Soon Dobu (tofu soup), and the Haemul Paejun (scallion and seafood pancake).  The Pancake was HUGE, and full of lots of tasty shrimp, calamari, and octopus.  I like my Paejan crispy, and because of the size of this one, some parts could have been cooked a little longer, but it was still very tasty.  The soon dobu was delicious, and had more seafood than Finding Nemo. Lots of mussels, clams, shrimp, and calamari made this eat more like a stew than a soup.  It was hearty and spicy and wonderful. Mashisoyo is hidden in a small shopping center across the street from Walmart and next to a Tropical Smoothie place on Ft. Apache.   Make sure you come check out this repeat-visit-worthy, mom and pop tofu stop!!
5	Great little hidden restaurant, next to Tropical Smoothie, just opened last week. SO YUMMY! and the pricing is GREAT, if you look at the menu you might think it's expensive but you get so much food, dessert, and all the traditional Korean sides. Their tofu bowls are delish and healthy and the staff is amazing, great service, great food, great prices, what more can you ask for?!
2	This place is in a good location for me because I live on this side of town.  I am Korean and lived in Korea for many years.  The staff was really nice and welcoming.  They made you feel right at home.  I ordered the combo with the tofu soup and bulgogi.  The side dishes were average but that's to be expected.  I ordered the kimchi and pork soup and it was WAY SALTY!  I was drinking water throughout the day trying to shake the saltiness away. The bulgogi was average. Nothing special about it. They also gave us the shaved ice for dessert. The ice had a funny taste to it.  When you make shaved ice it's all about the ice that makes it.  It was hard and crunchy when the ice should be flakey and soft. The would be a good restaurant if the soup wasn't as salty and the ice didn't have funny taste.  It's more if they paid attention to detail.
5	Love this place!! I had combo comes with bulgogi and tofu soup.  They served A LOT I tried to but couldn't finish them all. Every single dish here was so fabulous. Also, got great service. I don't need to go down to spring mountain for Korean food anymore! LOL
5	I've been to this place a couple of times since it has opened and it is my new favorite korean food place. The tofu is really delicious and the flavoring for the meat is DELICIOUS!!!! And i loveeee how they changed the red bean sherbert for the coffee cause i love me some coffee! I come here often and i don't plan on going anywhere else. Its nearby, the amount of food the give you for the price is amazing, and best of all the staff is soo nice. I feel like family everytime i go in there, they always greet me and remember what side dishes i like. I recommend this place to anyone who love healthy korean food.
4	I've been in a Yelp review hiatus for a minute but sometimes Stella needs just a little MASHISOYO to get her groove back!Now I typically don't rave about service....Don' get me wrong.  Service is important and part of the "experience" but food trumps all.  At Mashisoyo they deliver in food deliciousness and service.........at an ASIAN restaurant.  Mashisoyoooooooooo!  Good chant.From the minute we walked in, it was as if we were visiting our Korean aunt who showered us with food and love.  We ordered the #10 Combo which came with BBQ beef bulgogi and selected the Combo Tofu Sundubu which was amazing.  A little advice -  I believe they may dummy down and tailor the spice since they're not in Spring Mtn so if you like it a little hotter, be sure to ask.  We got a 5 and it was probably a 1-2 on the thai scale so next time we'll ask for a 7 or 8.  Also the portions as outlined in other reviews are ridiculous.....it can easily feed 2.  The tofu was extra smooth and silky.  Ban-chan was plentiful and their seafood pancakes has the perfect crispness which must be dipped in their crack-like sauce.  You can pour the sauce on a shoe and I'd like it up.   Think i'm kidding....well i'm not.To round out the meal, we had 2 milk teas and for the price, i felt like i was robbing these sweet korean people. Anyhow, there's a very short handful of places I would frequent over and over again bc I like to try as many eateries as I can but since this place is so close, I will be Mashisoyo'ing it up very soon.
5	I've been to this place a couple of times since it has opened and it is my new favorite korean food place. The tofu is really delicious and the flavoring for the meat is DELICIOUS!!!! And i loveeee how they changed the red bean sherbert for the coffee cause i love me some coffee! I come here often and i don't plan on going anywhere else. Its nearby, the amount of food the give you for the price is amazing, and best of all the staff is soo nice. I feel like family everytime i go in there, they always greet me and remember what side dishes i like. I recommend this place to anyone who love healthy korean food.
5	GREAT customer service & good food! I tried out the pork kimchee tofu stew and the seafood & green onion pancake.First time really experiencing Korean food and it was delicious.I recommend you try out this place!
5	I found this place listed on yelp nearby as a new place, and I love trying new places.  So I walked in and I was greeted SOOO nicely, I was told I could sit anywhere (it's a small place, approx 8 tables) Their menu is on their placemat and their logo/address/info is also on their chopsticks and napkins (I actually liked that) A young guy came out asking if I've ever had korean food before and I told him I definitely have. I ordered their combination seafood pot that comes with shrimp,clams and oyster.  A few minutes later I get a variety of side dishes and he tells me I can have refills on anything, just let him know.  Now I don't always know what each side dish is by name but I have had a few of the ones they offered before at other places.  It was SOOOOO good, and he was reallly nice too.  While I was tasting my side dishes, an older gentlemen was setting a table and asked if I liked the kimchi. I told him it was really good and I liked that it wasn't overly spicy. (My personal taste is I like spicy as long as it it balanced with flavor, not just simply spicy to burn the hell out of someone's mouth) He told me he and his wife makes that kimchi at home and they ferment it for many months (I forgot how long he told me)  He offered me more and well how could I turn him down I mean he and his wife worked for a long time on their home made kimchi.  :-)Then all of a sudden to my surprise I get an appetizer of their green onion and seafood pancake (which I was not expecting). It was the size of a mini pizza approx 3-4 inches in diameter. It was delicious.  Then my combination seafood tofu pot came and it looked exactly how it should have.  They cracked an egg into it for me and every bite I took it was SOO delicious and my server was really nice, always asking me how I enjoyed it and if I wanted more side dishes or anything at all.  My ONLY comment is this... The pot I ordered said on the menu shrimp,clams and oyster.  NONE of this was in my pot.  Instead I had mussels and calamari.  Now don't get me wrong.. I enjoyed every single bite, but I had picked that pot for a reason and I'm not a big fan of mussells.   Otherwise I'd have gotten the tofu and dumpling pot.  I don't know if everyone who worked there is all family related or not, but I truly felt like I was having dinner at someone's home.  My bill was $9 yes $9 for all that food and I tipped him $5 (plus he was reallllly cute lol)  This place is just up the street from me and I would ABSOLUTELY go back again If they read this review... Thank you for a fantastic simple meal , great family friendly service and some great home made kimchi.. See you again soon...Ryan
5	My boyfriend and I have been here 3 times in the past 3 weeks.  I visited S. Korea last summer, and the food here is exactly how it was there...from the way it is served to the taste!  My boyfriend loves the spicy pork and I really like the bulgogi.  The tofu soups are delicious as well.  The only thing that makes me a little sad is that they no longer serve the patbingsu due to lack of popularity.  How do people NOT love red bean?!?  It's delicious!  The first time we came, the lady who helped us was nice enough to make me some though.  For dessert, they now serve iced coffee or fresh fruit.  Additionally, the people who work here are incredibly nice and they remember us every time we come in.  Prices are great!  We will definitely be returning many, many more times to get our Korean food fill!
5	Mashisoyo gets five stars from me. In addition to the eats being delicious--"mashisoyo" means delicious, after all--the owners are just insanely nice. It was only my second time there and the lady instantly recognized me and greeted me with a warm and genuinely welcoming smile.I'm slowly making my way through their sundubu offerings. I started with the combination a few weeks ago. I won't say it's better than Mr Tofu, but any differences are negligible, especially with it being a shorter drive from my house. Tonight, I tried the curry flavor. What a brilliant idea. All the goodness of the soft tofu, but with a nice curry broth instead.Here's a tip. If one of you wants sundubu and the other wants a BBQ item, order one of the combinations. You get the BBQ item, an ever-so-slightly smaller bowl of sundubu, and some sort of dessert (tonight it was some fruit and a French coffee). The extra bowl of rice will cost you a dollar, but this combo worked out perfectly for Jieun L and me.OK. I think I have six more visits to complete my quest. Next up, I'll try the oyster sundubu.
5	We just moved to Vegas and thought we have to try dozens of Korean places before finding the best Soon Dubu.  I have to say, this was our first stop thanks to Yelp and our last.  OMG...the most awesome Soon Dubu on earth!  They do "mainly" one thing and that is "hot pot stews" but they do it excellent! There are other things on the small menu but the soft tofu soups are the main attraction!  I like my KimChee a little more spicey, but hands down the best soup around.  The prices are awesome.  My husband and I both got our fill with Soon Dubu and side dishes (which they keep filling) and it was less than 25 bucks!  Back in Boston, this meal would have been over 40! In fact our ticket WITH TAX was 22.78.  I hear they are building a bigger cafe where they can seat more than 8 tables!! Can't wait, I'll be at the Grand Opening!!
4	Oh bring the days of KIM CHEE #2, our favorite spot back home in Hawaii.  We loved going here.  Since our move to the mainland, we've been on the lookout for some place we could enjoy just as much.  Mashisoyo seems to be a good contender.  It's a small corner location, with limited seating.  The staff is very friendly and very accommodating.  The menu looks really good, with all sorts of combinations to try, with or without tofu.  Tonight I had the #10 combo, spicy tofu soup with BBQ beef, it comes with fresh fruit and iced coffee for $14.95.  I'm thinking that it might leave me hungry, but once the side dishes started coming out, there were about eight in all, it looked like I might get enough to eat after all.My spicy tofu soup was served piping hot!  They ask about the egg, so you can add it if you want, and I went for it.  The soup was bubbling and it took only a few seconds for the egg to cook through, and added a nice flavor to the pot. My BBQ beef was of decent proportion and very tender.  My husband got the spicy pork and we shared, both were very good.Overall, a good experience, tasty food, and very friendly staff.  I heard they were going to be expanding soon, and will definitely keep this place on my list.
5	We checked this place out after seeing all the great reviews and it's SO good AND VERY affordable! We shared one soondoobu tofu soup and spicy chicken AND they threw in a complimentary seafood pancake that was NICE n' CRISPY. It was the perfect amount of food for the both of us and delicious!
5	This is now my go-to restaurant for sundubu!  Being that this place is right next to my house, my family and I definitely had to check it out. We ordered a beef sundubu combo with bulgogi, seafood pancake, and one extra seafood sundubu for my party of 3. What I didn't expect is the wide variety and amount of banchan.. I think we got 8 in total!!! This is waaaayyy more than what I got at Mr. Tofu. One of the banchan was chapchae so basically that's like another free entree since we get unlimited refills!! =) Happy Happy. The sundubu though I feel not as flavorful as Mr. Tofu was still good and filled with the right amounts of beef and tofu and one egg. What I was really impressed with was their bulgogi. Every piece of meat was just bursting with flavor and though I'm not an expert, I thought it was done perfectly. Dessert was a milk tea drink which was also very flavorful with a hint of caramel? Wasn't quite sure but it was definitely a good way to end the meal. *DO get one of the combos because it comes with a generous portion of some kind of meat and also a dessert!!!
3	By far the best service I have had in a long time at a Korean BBQ.  I would say you get a lot of food for the price since korean food always seems to be overpriced.  The side dishes were great, but i would have to say the tofu soup was on the bland side.  Beef and chicken were decent, but nothing to rave about.  I must praise again on the service.  Drinks were constantly refilled and side dish refills were offered (I always have to ask at other places, but in this case the waitress actually ask 3-4 times if we wanted more of the side dishes).  Not the best in town, but not bad based on location and service.  If you are in the neighborhood go stop by.
2	Tried to love it but I just can't!This place has a lot of positives:  good location (for those not interested in schlepping down to Chinatown), nice waitstaff, and lotsa tasty banchan.   Honestly, best banchan in town (in my opinion).  You even get a free seafood pancake!But, a tofu restaurant that serves bland (sorry) tofu soup.....it's a deal breaker.  I need flavor in my sundubu.  They just don't have it.
4	Mashisoyo is definitely a go to place for their tofu. Me not being a tofu lover except when I'm pregnant definitely enjoyed this place. I had just ordered the beef tofu with no spicyness at all (so really the broth was clear). It was nice that they were able to make this adjustment as spicy and pregnancy don't mix well together for me anyways. We ordered to go and it took about 10 minutes for them to put together our order. My husband order the pork katsu which came with all the side dishes. We also got to try the seafood pancake that everyone has been raving about! Pretty delicious, but I could do with less green onions myself. All portion sizes were decent enough to leave 2 of us full with leftovers! Overall, the place is small, but the service is super duper friendly and the food is delish! I will be back!
4	This small Korean restaurant is pretty packed for a weeknight dinner... Why? Coz the food is inexpensive! They do not have much selections on their menu but pretty much covers the basic Korean dishes, stews, BBQ and ramen. According to my boyfriend, their seafood ramen is pretty solid.. But how could you go wrong with that. I had vegetable tofu stew, it was good but there was something missing maybe because it's all veggies. Next time I'll try the seafood stew and the flavor that I'm looking for might be there. They are pretty generous when it comes to side dishes. I was hungry and gulped down a potato side dish and the waitress was very nice to refill it right away.I hope they would expand their restaurant since they only had 5 tables inside and a couple outside. There were people waiting by the door for 15 to 20 minutes. Good thing when we came in there was a table available.
1	pros1. nice and kind staffs2. good side dishcons1. soondooboo (=soft tofu) soup tastes horrible. it tastes simply like ramen soup powder like korean shin ramyon. 2. it contains lots of msg. if you are an msg freak like me, stay away. ive personally so much trusted overall yelp ratings. This is my first time i fail in one with 4.5 stars by 20+ yelpers. also this is the first one on the west coast i tried based on yelp ratings. more people are gaming the system in this area? curious.
2	I don't understand how people can rate this place so high. The food is just average, nothing special. The pros are the staff is very friendly and the place is clean. The negatives are that most of the food is just bland. There is no flavor to any of there dishes. The Sundubu has zero taste to it. Even the banchan is lacking flavor. Just because they give you a lot of it, doesn't mean it is good. Even though I live close to this place I would still drive 15 minutes to Island Style to get Korean food that actually has flavor.
1	I felt like sharing my yelp message conversation with a person who claims to be the owner of this restaurant, who showed something quite offensive, at best unprofessional.The bottom line was: Don't eat out if you worry so much about MSG. Isn't it soooo ridiculous? He claims they don't use MSG but I see he's defending its usage. What does this imply?Frankly, before the conversation, I felt a bit sorry about having given only 1 star rather than 2 and planned to edit because I still thought the staffs were so nice. But the conversation confirmed even 1 star is already too high.Also I want to clarify. Deducting 4 stars was based on the taste only. MSG comment was only for those who are more sensitive.In addition, my brief note on MSG. MSG hasn't been proven harm by FDA as he mentioned. However, some people like myself sense it by having headache, drowsiness and severe thirst soon after eating it, which are unpleasant. Also ramen soups contain MSG. Simply go to Amazon dot com, search Shin Ramyun and read the ingredient. Or simply follow the link. http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00778B90S/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&keywords=shin%20ramyun&qid=1342449390&sr=8-1He claims he studied and researched a long time. Probably, he needs to spend more. Anyway, visiting this restaurant already gave me a lot of headaches and I am now blocking him.---------------------- Shawn A.  Yesterday HiJKI am Shawn the owner of Mashisoyo. I am first sorry that you did not like our soondubu due to the taste of MSG.But is is funny that you sense MSG in our tofu becuase we DO NOT use MSG at all.We prepare natural broth every morning for the stew and natural ingredients.Your review is nothing but negative if you can't prove that we use MSG.If you visit us again, I will give you a tour of our kitchenso you feel better next time you try our tofu.ThanksShawn AhnOwner of Mashisoyo----------------------  J K. Yesterday I ordered a spicy soup and it smelt like shin ramyon soup. Seeing you didn't deny the usage of ramen soup, probably you are using it? Even if you didn't intentionally use MSG, using flavored salt (Mat-so-geum) or ramen soup means the served soup should contain MSG. I remember the server saying you use special sauce for spicy taste. I don't know what kind of sauce you are using, but I am pretty sure it contains MSG or equivalent artificial flavor. I didn't even mention your pork bulgogi that also tasted like MSG or beef dashida. Please check the sauces you are using before claiming your dishes are free of MSG.----------------------  Shawn A. 6 hours ago first, there is no way you can buy ramen soup only from markets and even if we used shinramen soup it does not contains MSG so your guess is wrong again.I We are tofu house and I studied and researched a long time to find what our  fofu soup takes to be loved by people and people love our soup and bbq these days. They wait in line to have our food. You don't want to say they are wrong about our food.I advise you not to eat out if you worry so much about MSG because even a hamburger, taco burrito, fried chicken, pho, Thai, steaks, American BBQ,...many more use the ingredients have a bit of mono sodium but FDA says still it is NO harm to people.Lastly I would like to say you in a nice way NOT to criticize easily. We put a hundres of hours , effort ,money, and love to our restaurant to make a living with our  love ones.The comment like yours hurts us so much.Thanks----------------------
4	Their combo deals are awesome! One order plus the banchan can definitely feed two people. The free seafood pancake was nice, I really liked it. The numerous banchan that was handed out impressed me a lot. I don't usually care for banchan, I would only eat it because I'm hungry and I can't wait for my food to arrive but this place had so many and they were all good that by the time my food came I was already half full. I got spicy pork with dumpling sundubu combo. My dear lord I couldn't finish it all lol! Overall their food tasted pretty good. The lady was also very nice and kept asking us if we wanted more banchan or water. Will definitely come back since its close to my house :)
5	Great food and service. The seafood pancake is awesome!!! I love going to eat here!!!
3	The soondooboo here is not jaw-droppingly delicious but it will do! And it is WAY closer than having to drive all the way to Chinatown! Plus their soup is definitely better than Soyo's, I'll give them that much! In addition to spicy tofu soup they have a couple Korean barbecue dishes that are tasty. I do not recommend the katsu though, it's quite dry and bland! The service is always fast & friendly! Hot Tip: The "spicy" is pretty spicy, you've been warned! lol So maybe consider sticking with the "medium" level if you can't handle the heat~
5	Tofu stew!  Bulgogi!  Banchan!  Great Korean food in a little mom-and-pop type of eatery in a little shopping plaza.  Super clean interior and super friendly service makes for a delightful dinner in my book.  The quality and quantity of everything we ordered was wonderful; everything was flavourful and spicy hot (we requested a '7' on their spicy scale).  There was so much food we had enough leftovers for two meals.  We are definitely coming back to sample more stews and inhale more Korean bbq!
5	So far, I really like this place. Aside from the service that might need an improvement, everything was superb enough for me. It wasn't busy when we came in but shortly after, it got busy. There were only two of them so they were pretty much running around nonstop so I can understand the service part this time. Plus, I didn't have any complaints since it's rare to be left in peace sometimes :b. There's a bad and a good side to this.ORDERED:I got the beef tofu soup (still watching what I can eat post-oral surgery for my wisdom teeth) and the mini seafood pancake. The "mini" ($4.95) seafood pancake was the size of a plate. Imagine how ginormous a $14.95 regular sized seafood pancake would be. GEEZ. Maybe one day I'll grab a couple of friends to order that, haha :0).-- UPDATE: the mini seafood pancakes come with your order but if there are 3 orders in your party, they combine the pancake to make it into a bigger pieceAlso ordered the PORK KIMCHI tofu soup. It will definitely be spicy (can't get non-spicy) and if you like kimchi, it's for you. Otherwise, I wouldn't recommend it :b.It came with about 5 side dishes (included in my picture - but they're nothing special and you probably won't care for refills on them) and a bowl of rice. They also gave me an egg that I could crack open and throw into my soup. That was new for me, but then I don't usually eat tofu soup or soup overall. Just been on a temporary soup diet due to surgery.I'll definitely be back SOON and it's in my favorite side of town. Aside from their busy service moment, the guy that helped me check out and everything was extremely polite and nice. 5 stars all around for now! I'll be sure to update if there are any major changes.Oh yeah, the inside is somewhat small but everything looks pretty nice :). This place should definitely make it on your to-try list especially since winter is just right around the corner! ^^V
4	A fairly new korean place near my side of town (west) located on Ft Apache, near Tropicana. Small place at the end of the plaza with decent amount of parking. Kind of looks like a take out place but its not. Small amount of tables (maybe 6-8?). Restaurant was not that busy when i had came here but the staff was really nice. I was waiting for a friend to come eat dinner with me later, but some friends happened to go a little earlier. They offered me a chair and gave me their special korean corn tea water too. Decent size menu with a variety of tofu soups at around $8.95/ea, combo selections at around $14.95/ea, and different sides (seafood + green onion pancake, etc). They also have bibimbap but i didnt see anyone get it. But im lookin forward to trying that in the future. I think it was like $8.95 as well. Oh! almost forgot... i think they have some ramens too This visit, i had tried the beef tofu soup + spicy bbq pork. I had ordered the tofu soup to be medium, but the funny thing was, when it came and i tried it... the spicy pork was more spicy. oh well ! The taste was good, maybe a little on the salty side. I was hoping medium spicy level would have been kind of spicy but it wasnt that spicy (to me... lol) maybe ill try a higher level next time. The staff was observant enough to see people sweating, or it being a little warmer, so they turned the a/c higher. Felt a little better after that but still hot (hot soup, spicy soup, and i kind of naturally sweat when eating anyway lol) Each order comes with a small seafood and green onion pancake that i believe they make themselves in the kitchen (varying sizes and shapes in comparison to other peoples). For one person, you get a small one, but depending on how many orders there are, they can make it bigger. The one in my picture shows the size for 2 orders. Along side of the main order, korean restaurants are popular for their many side dishes. this visit, they gave us 8 different side dishes. Overall, the place was pretty good. Clean. Friendly staff. Food decently priced and super close to home. Would love to try other variations of the tofu soup and other items too in the future
5	I really like this place. The staffs are very nice. They are also vegetarian friendly. For example the seafood pancake can be made vegetarian (Just Ask). Everything is freshly cook I feel like I am getting a home cooked meal.
4	Banchan is good. Kimchi is the type I like.Soup is good. Service is good. Koreans actually come to eat here.Also ordered a seafood and green onion pancake - we could have made it ourselves at home but it was still good nonetheless.Food delivery was a bit slow though even being the only table in there. That needs improvement. Overall, I'd be back if I'm in the area. But this place isn't worth commuting from far away to experience.
5	First time here, and it seemed like the waitress was in a rush to get our order in. (I guess it was my fault since i was talking to my friend instead of looking over the menu. She came over twice and asked us if we were ready, so I ended up picking something I couldn't go wrong with, their Combination Tofu"Both my friend and i ordered a Tofu from the menu, but we ended up only getting one set of sides? I'd have expected two, but oh well. It also said free seafood pancake on the menu, but our 'seafood' pancake definitely had no seafood in it. But hey, can't complain about free stuff, right? The pancake itself was actually pretty good. Nice and crispy on the edges, and the middle was nice and soft. =]Onto the combination tofu. I'm not really an expert in tofu soup, since I haven't really tried a lot. I have, however, had a few bad ones. And to start off the tofu soup review, I will say Mashisoyo's tofu soup is FAR from being bad. The tofu inside the tofu soup were not overcooked at all. PERFECT soft tofu that slides right down your throat (be careful not to burn your tongue!)  The amount of seafood in the soup was meager at best. One mussel, one clam, I believe I had two small pieces of squid, and I don't recall any shrimp in my soup.  However, they had a few pieces of fatty pork in the soup, which REALLY enhanced the soup overall. I love fatty pork! And finally, there was a huge amount of beef pieces that were perfectly cooked as well. Nothing too chewy or rough. All in all, I really did enjoy my tofu soup.I will definitely be back to try more flavors of their soup. Keep up the great cooking! =]
4	Thank you fellow Yelpers for pointing me to this gem!  I wanted something soothing on this cold day and my wife wanted Thai food.  Solution:  order take out from Panna Thai and stop here on the way to try their sundubu.I stopped in and was greeted immediately by a very friendly lady at the counter.  She asked if it was eat in or take out and then she gave me time to look at their menu.  I had almost decided before I went to get the curry flavor sundubu.  I asked the woman if their was a spiciness level to order and she asked the chef.  She then asked, "Do you want it spicy."  "Yes" was my quick reply.  She called that back to the chef.I sat for a few minutes while I waited for my takeout.  I could see them packing 5 small containers with banchan and then the chef came out with the larger container of curry sundubu.  He asked me if I liked it spicy wiht almost a 'good luck' kind of sound to his voice.When I got home and had my first spoon of the soft tofu with the spicy, curry flavor, I was hooked.  Wow, is it good!  The banchans were very tasty and I was surprised when I opened the container of rice and found my seafood pancake on top.  Some very nice seafood including a good amount of octopus.I am a fan and I will be back.  The locations of the two restaurants makes this a done deal for future take out meals.
4	Quick and inexpensive! Get Korean food on the far SW side.
3	With the winter weather that chills to the bone, sundubu jjigae is some major comfort food that'll warm you right up.To start you off, there's the banchan, which comes standard with the usual kimchi, some pickled vegetables, a seafood pancake, and more. I like the variety they serve up along with how their pancake has a crispy exterior and filled with squid and veggies.If your stomach isn't filled yet, you still have your boiling hot tofu stew in a stone pot with a bowl of rice to look forward to. I ordered the combination sundubu, which has some beef and seafood (e.g. mussel, shrimp, squid), and pork immersed with your tofu in a spicy soup. They cater to your comfort level of spiciness with a range from 1 to 10, but do yourself a favor and put some kick into it. My only issue is the varying temperatures of our sundubu, since the four of us had soups that were either barely bubbling to just boiling enough.Definitely willing to give them another shot though! Their banchan and sundubu really hit the spot and will thaw you from the inside out. I look forward to trying their other sundubus and combos, especially their BBQ.
4	We tried is place after Christmas shopping on a cold winter afternoon and it definitely hit the spot! The tofu soup is really amazing! It has a soft and silky texture, the broth is tasty, and the raw egg that you crack open in the hot broth made it super decadent. The baby loved the bulgogi & wifey loved all the sides. The seafood pancake was a bit undercooked though and the cold corn tea they give instead of water was not very good. We asked for water and they gave us one cup and didn't ever refill it until asked a few times. Overall though, the tofu soup will have me coming back!
4	Located by Ft Apache and Tropicana, in the plaza with Tropical Smoothie (actually right next to it) and Perfect Scoop & Boba. It is a rather small resturant with maybe 8 tables that seat 4 people each. It hasn't been that busy each time I've came here so it's not too bad. The staff is very friendly and don't really constantly check up on you. I however, kind of need someone to check up frequently because I tend to drink a lot of water and rather fast too (maybe I'll ask them to leave the pitcher next time). Came here a few times to eat, the tofu soups are about $8.95 each and the combos I believe are around $15 (I haven't gotten any of them yet). The tofu soup along with the appetizers fill me up every time so I'm afraid to try something bigger unless I end up sharing with someone. They have some variety in their menu, but I come mainly for the tofu soup. I've tried the beef tofu soup, ham and sausage (would not recommend this one, because it's slices of ham and hot dogs), and dumpling ones so far. There's a lot of meat in each of them which is good, but I would rather have more soup since I don't eat a lot of meat. I fill up rather fast with the soups + rice and then the appetizers and generally have leftovers too. I tried the tofu soups each time as spicy and to me they're not spicy at all (though extremely hot). I definitely like coming here and then over to Perfect scoop for dessert if I have room (I usually don't, but I'll do take out for the ice cream).
4	The guy and I just sort of ended up here (as it's two doors down from the Perfect Scoop), and it was a happy accident for sure.The shop is little, simple and clean. The lady who helped us out was very friendly.She brought out a complimentary Seafood Pancake. It had the right amount of crisp and softness, and was loaded up with vegetables and seafood. I ordered the Combination Tofu Soup and he had the Spicy BBQ Pork Combo. Oh my gosh, Neither of us anticipated the amount of food! My soup came out bubbling hot (no joke) and was served in a cast iron bowl to keep it piping hot. It was loaded with scallops, muscles, clams, meat slices and buttery soft tofu chunks. I said yes to the egg, which was cracked right in front of me and left to cook in the hot, hot soup. I can't begin to describe the different flavors. Rich and savory. Spicy and balanced.His BBQ Pork was melt-in-your-mouth soft and loaded with flavor. The sides seemed endless! We ate and ate until we couldn't possibly eat any more...and there was still food left over!! Needless to say, we left with full, happy tummies. Mashisoyo, you've found two new customers that can't wait to return!
3	This place is located right next to Two Scoops and Boba on trop and ft apache.  I was craving some korean barbq so I decided to give this place a try. I ordered the vegetable bimbimbap.  It was good.  I've had better.  But for the price, you can't beat it. My friend ordered the spicy ramen.  We did get a free order to seafood pancake.  I dont eat seafood, but my friend said it tasted good.  We got the normal side dishes that usually come at korean dinners.... kimchee, spicy potato, noodles.. these were my favorite.  I would come back here again.. I do love the fact that it is close to where I live.  The service was good and she was friendly. Give this place a try!  Our bill was $20... that's an awesome price :)
3	I probably order take out once a week from Mashisoyo....yes, the tofu hater has become addicted to tofu.  I'm a creature of habit and I like the simpleness of the beef tofu; however, the quality has been downgraded. The seafood pancake that comes with this meal hasn't had seafood in it the last couple of times I've ordered...the first time I thought ok maybe I got the end of the batter and there was no seafood.  Anyways, this has happened probably the past 3-4 times now.  I know thy premake the batter as I had asked for no onions and they said they couldn't do that. I ended up with no pancake that time.Now I know Korean food is supposed to be spicy, but I've always ordered the not spicy version since before I popped out this baby of mine. It was always tasty and flavorful but lately it's been blah. The beef is red in color instead of brown and they've been stingy on the beef as well although the beef is so tough it's like beef jerky. I have converted to being a tofu lover, but I hope Mashisoyo steps it up to where they used to be because I want my old dish back please!
5	great restaurant! having moved from koreatown and missing my mommas food I was so relieved to find this restaurant just a couple miles from homegreat authentic menu love the seafood pancake, the soon tofu, and i cant wait to try to the rest
2	Good food and decent service, but way too expensive for galbi and meat! They also have menus, new and old, that say certain dishes include dessert, but at the end when we asked for them they said that it wasn't being offered anymore. Um, okay, can you let us know before we order and/or update the menus please? I hate surprises like that when eating out when it's been spelled out. That alone knocks off a star or two. This place would also be better to eat at alone or with two people for better value, because they give you the same amount of side dishes and seafood pancake no matter how many are at your table.
3	read some of the mixed reviews. over all the food was good. customer service was good. there was a good selection of side dishes other than the typical kimchee and bean sprouts. there were fried marinated baby shrimp, picked cucumber, pickled radish, and a few others i dont remember. i had the beef tofu and it was standard. lots of tofu and good amount of beef. it had just the right amount of spiciness for me.  im sensitive to msg and read a previous review about the questionable use of msg. i know most korean restaurants use msg unless the restaurant states on the menu or in the restaurant that it does not use msg. all i have to say is i have typical light symptoms of msg for me. thirst and lethargic. if you dont want people to question the use of msg and you dont use it, post a sign or somewhere on the menu that states you dont use msg. sometimes a lot of salt and oils from the food can give someone with a sensitive stomach the same symptoms.
3	Since it's grand openning i've had Mashisoyo book marked and been meaning to make it out to try the soon tofu as well as the famed free seafood pancake. Never found the time until recently and to be honest the experience was just...'meh'Service was...a bit confused. Our table kept getting stuff that belonged to the table next to us which was closer to the front and the door. At one time someone came to bring us scissors when we only had soon tofu bowls and the free seafood pancake. before that one of our soon tofus and the uncracked eggs when to the other table. To top it off the other table were two women and 3 kids eating family style where as my table were two guys and soon tofus.Aside from that the food was...decent at best. No where close to Mr. Tofu which currently holds the number one rank in soon tofu in a restaurant. I just thought the seafood pancake was more pancake then seafood and could have been a lot crispier. The soon tofu was VERY bland for my taste to the point where i threw in salt just to liven it up a bit. A good note is Mashisoyo is located right next to Perfect Scoop and with summer coming up Perfect Scoop is the Perfect solution to anything.Yelp 100 - 015 of 100
4	First time here today and hubby and I were both pleasantly surprise to find a good Korean place close to our house. We  usually go to Chinatown for Korean restaurants but now we won't have to. We ordered the kalbi/combination tofu combo and it was very flavorful. The service was fast and the owners were accommodating.   I think the only draw back was the place can be cramped especially around dinner hours. But definitely would return again!
4	If you're looking for a restaurant that treats you like a family, then you're at the right place.  I've been here 6 times (2x in the past week) and they always treat me like a family.  I always order their combination tofu soup and one of their BBQ meat and so far, it hasn't failed me.  The taste is always consistent to my other visits.  The sides (banchan) on the other hand is never the same, which I LOVE!  There's a plethora of side dishes I have never tried before.  One that was weird but tasted really good was the baby squid kimchee.  Oh, and of course, their seafood pancake is the best I've ever tried from all the other Korean restaurants here.  I love how it's crispy and soft/chewy at the same time.  Plus, it's FREE!  Can't beat that!
4	Well how exciting! I no longer have to travel all the way to china town for delicious piping hot tofu soup.  This place offers a very interesting combo meal.  I believe it was around $14.  It was a delicious piping hot tofu soup and a full plate of beef bulgogi.  It came with all the banchan and rice.  This meal easily serves two.  However, we also had the pork cutlet.  We had plenty of leftovers.  It is strange inside.  It is somewhere in between counter service and waiter service.  The soda machine and ice tea don't work.  There is a bucket of iced cans of soda if you want a drink.  Strange.  In the future I would likely get my food to go.  Everything tasted great.  Service was bizarre but we got everything we needed.  Delicious food.  Terrible location and ambiance.
4	This is a small mom and pop Korean restaurant tucked away in one of the many strip malls in Vegas. It's location may make it hard to find but it is worth the search. Here's a little help: It's pretty much across the street from Lowe's. Behind the AYCE sushi spot.Hopefully that helps.So this place is small. I personally counted a max of 25 seats. The lady who is always there is extremely friendly and gives superb service.  I have a sick obsession with hot Korean soups that remain sizzling in your face when it's delivered to the table.  For the most part, this restaurant specializes in just that: soup!  They have other dishes like seafood pancakes and new ramen dishes I just saw added to the menu.  But DO NOT miss out on their soups!The vegetable soup and the seafood soup are the two dishes I've only tried so far.  Both come with soft tofu and a kimchee like broth. Let me tell ya, they are YUUUMMMYYYY!  This is personally my go-to Korean joint when I'm in the Summerlin area.
3	Good prices and portions, but the food was just average in my opinion.  I didn't really notice anything stand out.  We ordered the BBQ beef and the stone pot beef bibimbap.  For some reason, the rice didn't crisp up at the the bottom of our pot either....and that's what I like the most about bibimbap.  The BBQ beef was tasty but a tad bit salty.  There was enough banchan on the table to make a meal...so that's a bonus.  Also there is an advertised free seafood pancake...it really should just say vegetable pancake...since there is absolutely no seafood in it whatsoever.  The service was fast and friendly.
4	I was craving soup and decided to try this place after seeing the great reviews on yelp (why I was craving soup in the middle of a hot Vegas day...who knows). Great Great Great! The couple working at the tiny restaurant were both super nice and helpful in guiding me through the menu. I decided to try the beef tofu soup and ordered it with minimal spice, to go. My order was ready within 10 min and wrapped up with all the fixin's: bean sprouts, kimchee, cucumber(?) and a few other things I was unsure of. It all tasted great! I mixed the sprouts, kimchee and cucumber (still unsure if it was actually cucumber but it looked like it) into the soup. The only complaint I have was that I should have been more brave and ordered it at a medium spice. Great lunch spot if you are craving Korean food and have a taste for tofu soup!
4	I have a ridiculously high standard when it comes to Korean food because, without dispute, my Mom makes the best Korean food ever. EVER.But sadly she doesn't live near me, so on those days when I am craving Mom's cooking (and don't feel like cooking myself) I will consult Yelp for new Korean restaurant recommendations. Mashisoyo came up with solid reviews so we thought we'd give it a try. Our order:-Kimchi soon dubu (spice level 8/10) -Dolsot bimbim bapThe banchan was fresh. I think it's fairly difficult to mess up dolsot bimbim bap and this one did not disappoint. My soon dubu was tasty (albiet, a tad too salty) and the spicy level was perfect for me. Just a little watering of the eyes and nose, lol perfect.Service was very friendly. I will definitely be back.
4	Small, charming, home-feel place, Korean-style. Having grown up with many Korean friends and neighborhood restaurants, I can pretty confidently say that this restaurant has some great food. Everything was so fresh and clear in flavor, nothing too muddled, sharp spice but not overbearing. The spice measurements were perfect, which seems quite rare for restaurants these days (something particularly important to me as a spice-lightweight!). Side dishes were generous, and all completely good. Service is always timely, and very friendly. It really does feel comfortable to be here, thanks to the wonderful staff and their wonderful cooking. And while there isn't any impressive culinary footwork done here, I don't think it needs any of that - Mashisoyo doesn't try to be anything else but a friendly neighborhood Korean restaurant, for which it deserves great marks.
2	I have to update my review now because they are under new ownership and I am not impressed. The free Seafood pancake has ZERO seafood to be found in it. The soondubu isn't as flavorful and frankly I am disappointed!!! I won't be going here anymore... It sucks cuz it WAS SO GOOD... BEFORE!!!
5	This food was incredible. Cute owners and very attentive to needy people like me.
4	Great place for a bite since my girlfriend loves soon tofu. Service is nice too, as even though we do not come here that often, the staff remembers us. They have plenty of flavors and combinations you can make with their tofu soups as well as barbequed meat combo dinners that are great too. Food and portions are great, and I would give this place a five-star but I'm a little iffy about the prices.
2	Wow, how the mighty have fallen. This was once my favorite spot to get some soondubu. Went here about a month ago, and things have taken a turn for the worse. The complementary seafood pancake has turned into a cold, tough, regular pancake with no flavor and no seafood. The sides are still ok. The soondubu is terrible, it wasn't fresh at all and it had a weird mouthfeel, and was underseasoned. The prices went up and the portions are smaller. Heard they changed owners... figures... won't be back.
5	Great service. As soon as you walk in the door they greet you with a great smile and are really nice. Then when you order they bring you a complimentary small seafood pancake which was nice and crispy. Then when the came out the portion was so big we ordered the tonkatsu plate. It seemed like they put three portions on one!!! I love the variety of different tofu soup we for the seafood one. It had great chunks of mussels, shrimp and scallops that hit the spot. Also just like every other Korean restaurant they bring 5 side dishes with refills!! Definitely will go again and great price for two entree we spent $24 and of course we had a lot of left overs to take home!!!
3	This place was just ok. I like the free seafood pancake they give; it was good. But my bi bim bap was kind of bland. They don't give sesame oil like other Korean spots to mix with the hot sauce. But my niece had the seafood soup and I kept eating some off of her! Coming back to get that on a cold winter night.
5	Grabbed some takeout from here, the Spicy Pork, to be exact. It came with several side cups, and a seafood pancake. Price seemed a little high, at $14 I think, but it DID come with a lot of food so I can't complain.Ambiance: None. Upon first glance, it just looks like a takeout joint, but there were people eating in here; there's just no decoration whatsoever. The service was really friendly and fast though, so I have no complaints.The pork had a nice level of heat; it was love at first bite. The banchan was so good I could happily just munch away on that and forgo the main dish. Note: This is my first time at a Korean restaurant, so I have nothing to compare it to. Definitely worth a try though!
5	Excellence, good food, cheap price, and great friendly service...great portion size....
4	I grabbed a quick Korean bite for dinner here with my gf. For the $21 I paid, we got heaps of food. The spicy pork was awesome and the veggie pancake was also awesome. Is it a classy place? No. Is it tasty? Yes! Do you get your money's worth? Hell yes!
5	The UNDER THE SEA RAMEN was Mashisoyo meaning "It's Delicious".The Very Very BEST! I'm looking forward to returning!
5	love this place. i always come here with my gf. it feels like home cooking and always very good. The owners are very nice and took care of us well. Always get the soon tofu soup here and Bimbambap is bomb as well.
3	Very clean, sweet as pie mom & pop business. Sides are eh and still waiting on my egg to cook in what should've been a still boiling little pot of tofu soup. A rolling boil like it came from the volcano, cooks wearing welding mask is what Monkey used to.  Not so much here.  Come with low expectations and maybe you'll enjoy the "free seafood pancake" dotted with vegetables.  Monkey may return for bibimbap or bulgogi, something really hard to mess up.
5	My go-to spot in Vegas for the best homemade Sundubu! I feel like I'm home when I'm here. Total Mom and Pop kind of place- the owners are so nice and always remember you and what you like to order. Tofu Hut and Mr. Tofu also have good Sundubu, but I would rate this place #1 as there is just something special and warm here. It's like you can taste the love that goes into the soup- which makes it more than just soup like at other restaurants!  :)
5	I love this place. It's a little mom and pop place ... Nothing fancy and no frills. My family and I go here very often. The service is always top notch ... The Korean woman who runs the dining room is so friendly and accommodating. We always get the combo which allows you to select the meat of your choice and the tofu soup. You get a free seafood pancake which is very tasty and comes with an addictive dipping sauce, and you get a bunch of free small appetizer dishes (think kim chi, seaweed salad, etc).
4	Mashisoyo definitely has a homey feel to it. The owners are friendly and cute while providing fast service. I've been there a few times and the quality remains consistent. The lower price tag for tofu soup and dolsot bibimbap is also a plus.The side dishes are standard. What I really like is the crispy Korean pancake they serve with the soy sauce-based dip.There's nothing bad about Mashisoyo, but definitely not anything that stands out when it comes to the food. I only go there if I'm in the area or if my usual place is closed.
4	I love this little joint. Friendly service, very attentive and great banchan. We had bulgogi and dol sot bimbimbap with combo tofu soup. It satisfied my craving and have left overs. Their specialty is tofu soup and with the weather being chilly its perfect. So if you want the table cooking, its not this one. this is a friendly neighborhood restaurant that makes home cooked korean comfort food. Very inexpensive and so satisfying. Definitely recommend this place to everyone.
3	As other reviewers have said, portion/quality has changed a bit throughout the last year. I have a picture of their green onion pancake then and now. Cutting down is completely understandable though, it's just that the differences are a bit stark here.  When I first ate here, I was a bit turned off because we had to wait 15+ minutes at the end of our meal for a "dessert" and the check. The dessert turned out to be oranges and really strong coffee, which I would have been okay declining since it was already late night and I don't normally drink coffee. I gave it another shot for lunch this past week and although their service is good and the family that owns it is super sweet, the flavors just weren't there for me in terms of that savoriness you expect from Korean food. I had their bibimbap which was just okay - the meat was tender but lacked flavor and the veggies weren't as bright and didn't really add to the dish. I think the one thing I would come back here for is just their tofu soup - this is actually one Korean dish I don't mind just being tame without too much flavor.
4	The GF and I have a bit of a routine, where I ask "so what should we have for dinner tonight?" and she responds "something tasty!"  This last time while I was visiting in Vegas, I was perusing Yelp for Korean food, and this place caught my eye.  Mashisoyo literally translates to "it's delicious!"  She begrudgingly went along (we had been visiting my parents the week before, so she was a little Korean fooded out).In any case, this strip mall Korean seemed like a a family owned  BCD Tofu House.  I ended up getting the spicy tofu soup (seafood) and bulgogi combo, while the GF got the bulgogi entree.  I'd definitely recommend the combos, as the price was only a few dollars more and I got probably 2/3 the bulgogi she did.The Korean woman who was running the front of the house was very surprised when I asked for things by their Korean names, but was excited when she realized I was Korean.  Kinda cute, and definitely that family owned feel.  The bulgogi was fine.  The tofu soup seemed a little thin and watery to me, like they hadn't really simmered long enough to absorb the various flavors that make tofu soup one of my favorite dishes.The space is small enough that I wouldn't be surprised to see some old school Korean guys in there yelling out "ah-jee-mah" to get the servers attention, just like they would have in Korea.  I'm Westernized to the degree that I feel awkward doing this . . .
5	Best Korean food I've had on the west coast, but I haven't found many around where I live in CA. The tofu soup was boiling when it came to the table!I took a video and put it on YouTube.
5	My family goes here at least once a month. Great food, friendly service, and highly recommended.
2	Definitely not super impressed with what I was given. I ordered a bean sprout bibimbap. Maybe it was because I ordered to go but my bibimbap was a little soggy not too delightful. I think the beansprouts should've been drained more before just throwing them in.  Seaweed soup was good no complaints on that. The sides were average for a Korean restaurant.
5	I recently ordered catering from here for my sons birthday and was very pleased with the service and quality of food that I received. I had ordered the bulgogi, yuk gae jang and japchae and all the food was gone by the end of the party. I had received so many compliments and everyone was wondering if it was home cooked.
4	Finally found good Korean food! Watch for the heat scale-goes from 1-10 with a base of 5. 5 is usually plenty spicey.
4	For $16.99 for the combo meal, you pick your meat and pick your tofu soup, then comes the free seafood pancake and the banchans.  It was just the right amount of food for two people, but really, I can eat for two so it was just the right amount of food for me.I got the spicy pork BBQ, it came out on a sizzling plate and was nice and spicy and not too salty. For the tofu soup, I picked kimchi- that came out bubbling.  I asked for them to make it extra spicy and it was definitely that!  The kimchi jigae was actually pretty good, spicy, sour, salty- the flavors were all there and tasted great with the rice. Not sure if I was supposed to get an egg to break into it, but I didn't get one...maybe I need to ask next time?The banchans were a fish jun, japchae, cucumber kimchi and regular kimchi and seaweed.  All pretty basic, but still satisfied my craving for Korean food.It's in the back of a little strip mall so can be hard to find, but I love little hole in the walls like this where the owners are actually there and in the kitchen cooking.  I would definitely go back, I just hope they get enough business to stay open as I was the only patron there the entire time.
4	I really enjoyed this "hole in the wall" Korean restaurant because of the great flavors, sides, and portions they serve.  It was a hot day but I was in the mood for some kalbi and bulgogi.  We stopped here on the way home on a whim, entering the doors and finding just a few 4-tops along the side wall.  The service was quick and so was the food delivery.  We ordered a combo of kalbi with a tofu soup hot pot that had dumplings.  The usual Korean sides came out first, with some new ones like pork ribs and seaweed.  I love the marination of their meats!  It's super delicious and very well priced for the portions they provide.  I love the vegetable crepes, too.  That stuff rocked my world with the soy dip.I am definitely coming here to satisfy my Korean bbq cravings from now on.
1	We used to eat here all the time.  We moved out of Vegas for 18 months and came back and they had changed owners.  I ordered my "regular" and they give you the choice of a spice rating from 1-10.  Ten being fire from hell hot and spicy.  I always got a 5 in the past so that is what I ordered.  My soondubu was so spicy it could have taken paint off my car!!!  I took one taste and complained.  Not only did they not redo my order but the female owner argued with me insisting it was a "5" .  We will NOT be going back.  This was our go to place at least 2 times a week in the past, but not anymore.
5	Such a hidden gem. The older couple here makes you really feel at home. They are super nice and I've been back twice this week! Yes it is that good. They give you a free pancake. I ordered the spicy pork bbq & the combination tofu soup. They brought out 6 side dishes and some white rice...the pork came out sizzling hot and the soup came out super spicy like we asked for. Me and my sister shared everything and our bill came out to only $25. The flavors were so bold and delicious. I'm so glad we tried this place because I have always walked passed it when I go to tropical smoothies next door. Man..I definitely have been missing out on this amazing spot.
5	Mashisoyo indeed...After the awesome foot massage at Best Foot Massage, we dropped by Mashisoyo for some Korean food.  Here are the items we got:-Kalbi (Beef Short Ribs) Combo - Tender, meaty and fatty.  Hits the spot for sure.  The quality was great.  Combo includes tofu soup, and I opted for the combination tofu soup (meat and seafood).  One of the best tofu soup, comparable to Mr. Tofu.-Spicy Pork Combo - Juicy and flavorful.  I like the pieces that are kind of charred.  The crispiness adds another texture to this dish, that elevates it.  Tofu soup selected for this combo was the seafood soup.  We were given the housemade vegetable pancake.  If it was crispier, it would be super tasty...but still delish.  Was a good amuse bouche.  The owner couple was super nice, quick, and efficient.   Oh, and the banchans for today's lunch were kim chi, pickled radish, braised eggs, seaweed, and pickled cucumber.
1	Their hours on Yelp say they are open until 9:30pm. I get to the restaurant at 8:15pm. All the lights are off. Their door says, "Open daily at 10:00am". But no closing hours. They have no website, so I call their phone number; I get an answering machine with a guy (who sounds really sad) saying that they're probably helping other customers. Nope. What's going on?
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! The food is DELICIOUS!! I wanted to try so much other stuff but I didn't wanna over do it. Everything was good, and the owners are so nice. My baby loved them so much she went to them while we ate for a little while. Definitely coming back here.
2	I really hate to give them 2 stars since the couple who owns Mashisoyo is so sweet but our most recent take out order just was not up to par. When I opened my sundubu container it seemed like it was only half filled.. Did the potion size go down?!?!? Also, my man's yukhaejang was sooooooooo spicy that it was hard for him to enjoy it with all of the coughing he was doing.
4	I'm Korean so finding this spot so close to my apt filled me with great excitement! Sometimes I just want a quick bite without having to go all the way to china town or down over by rainbow/spring mtn. Took a star off cuz the food isn't anything spectacular, and a little salty for my liking. But then again, I grew up eating authentic korean food from korea about half my life so my standards are pretty high. The owners are such sweet people, the lady kept checking up on us making sure everything was to our liking.
4	great authentic korean food. been here many times, will recommended Gilby Jimm it's pork ribs and vegetable in the hot pot. I really like they have many small dishes, especially the kimchi and cucumber, The owner lady made it herself. Taste very delicious. Also the store is very clean, that's very important.
5	My new favorite spot for authentic Korean food. The owners are so sweet and their service is awesome. They offer so many different authentic side dishes with every dinner. You will definitely leave full! I recommend the bbq chicken, it is always cooked perfectly and the tofu soup always comes out with a fresh egg. Definitely check this place out!
5	Yummy!!! Got the spicy pork combo, came with this amazing kimchi soup. Honestly heaven! This will be my new spot when I'm craving spice!
5	AtmosphereWhen you walk in, it may not be the nicest atmosphere, but the food and hospitality will compensate for that. The place is small, but cozy. FoodThey give you a free seafood pancake with your order, although much smaller and less seafoody, but you can't go wrong with free. You also get a the typical korean side dishes (ban chan) as well. We normally order the spicy pork + pork kimchi tofu soup combo, hot stone rice (bibimbap), and kim chi fried rice. Other tofu soup recommendations are the seafood and curry.ConclusionThis is our go to place when we can't think of anywhere else to go to for dinner. The service is quick and courteous. The mom and pop here are so friendly it feels like you're at home with them.
5	My go to Korean spot when I'm lazy to drive down to Chinatown. I love the home feel this place gives you! The owners are so nice and cute which makes the experience even better! I been here three times and I always order their Yookgaejang. It's the best. It's actually spicy and perfect for the winter right now. I love how the owner is always happy to refill your favorite bachan sides too. If you're in the neighborhood it's a place to check out for some good Korean food.
4	This restaurant was indeed, Mashisoyo.  My husband and I had the sundubu jjigae (tofu soup) and the dolsot bibimbap (hot stone rice & veggie dish), both without egg since we are vegan.  My dad also enjoyed his meat dish.  We will definitely come back!
