5	Love this place.  Just opened, but they have years of pizza restaurant experience.  The food atmosphere and service is exceptional.  Highly recommend the create your own!
5	I hadn't planned on stopping here for lunch, but I'm very glad I did! I loved that you could build your pizza from ingredients right in front of you. Good prices and some of the best pizza I've had. Plus they had beer too! And great customer service, very friendly.
5	Great concept, long overdue!  My family and friends at here this week and had a fantastic time!  The pizza's were made to order and the selection of sauces, cheeses, meats, and vegetables is amazing.  If you do not get a tasty pizza, it is really your own fault because they have a great selection.Service was outstanding!  Everyone was helpful and knowledgeable about the product and it was NOT like walking into one of those restaurants where the people are miserable and hate their life.  : )  Seriously, it is so much more fun to eat at places where the employee's are having a good time.  They had the typical soda fountain scenario but also have beer and wine I think.  Next time I am going to make it a point to take the time to have a beer with my pizza.  This is a DEFINITE repeat and a very easy recommendation.  We have a new favorite for when we are in this area and it seems like a good match either before or after a movie!
5	Very good service and great idea for pizza. I plan to revisit with friends and family often.
5	Get the pookie!!! No seriously - go right now. It's yummy.We just happened to see one of the owners on Channel 3 news and decided to head over for lunch. So glad we did!Service was top of the line and food was great!Not to mention the joy of being able to feed 3 adults and a kid for under $30. The price is fantastic,  not crazy $2 charge per topping, it's one price add what you like and enjoy.We will without a doubt be back!
5	WOW! What a great experience we had visiting Fired Pie! I noticed this place as an up-and-comer here on Yelp and boy, you yelpers didn't let me down!  Located right next to the Starbucks by the Deer Valley 30, this little gem is a definite winner!We visited as a party of 7 and we had a great time! What a novel concept-- pizzas are made to order with your choice of cheeses, toppings, sauces just like you would order a meal at Chipotle or Subway...and you just can't go wrong! Whether you build it yourself or order one of their signature pizzas, I'd be surprised if you found a choice you didn't like!  I love thin crust pizza so much and this place has just the right thickness--not too doughy but not paper thin either!The kids running the counter were super helpful and knowledgeable. The general manager stopped by to check on us and he was very pleasant and recommended the cookies for dessert which were awesome!My husband has been back with the boys a few times and loved it each time. I can't wait for my next visit...which I hope is VERY soon!  Absolutely LOVED it!
5	Love this new pizza joint. Made to order custom pizzas and salads for $7.75. And they are delish! End your meal with a deliciously warm Pookie :) cookie with vanilla ice cream on top. Om nom nom.
5	We stopped by with the whole family on Friday, August 9th.  The place was very busy which we expected considering it was in the paper that day.  Anyway, even though they were busy, the service will still outstanding.  As other people have mentioned, the concept is to be able to deliver a personally designed pizza in a short amount of time.  This place has nailed it.  By the time we sat down after ordering, our pizzas were already coming out and being delivered to us.  With all the ingrediants being fresh, it's hard to go wrong here.  If you are in the area and looking to get a "pizza fix," this is the place.
5	We are eating here right now and it was amazing. They have all the pizza toppings in front of you and you select which ones you want for $7.95 then they toss it in the oven. They have a huge selection of meats and cheeses like salami, capicola, spicy sausage, gorgonzola, fontina and fresh mozzarella plus all the usuals as well. We both loved our pizza and will be back for sure.
5	For $7.95 you get a 11" pizza anyway you want. They only have thin crust but all the toppings you can think of. The sauces are awesome and the toppings fresh. The service is quick as they use an actual pizza oven to cook. I highly recommend this place. It is one of my all time favorites.
5	The pizza is really good! Been 2 times in the past 4 days. The Bellini is delicious as well. The only thing I will warn is the Cesar salad. The dressing is really good (as I am picky about my dressing) but the mix of greens they use was a little unpleasing for me. My partner liked it but I thought the basil (at least that is what we decided it was) was way too overpowering. That is honestly all I could taste. But let me tell you, it did not stop is for a second in deciding to come back!!
3	This is a fast casual dining kind of place set up like a Subway Sandwich Shop. You either order off a suggested menu or build your own salad and or pizza off the line. Any salad or pizza will only cost you $7.75 before tax drinks and tip.I liked the salad much more than the pizza from here and would have given a low four stars just for the salad. We shared the steak and blue salad off the menu. The beef in the salad was like a lean medium rare kind of roast beef about a hundred times better than the beef like product you get from a Subway Chain place. The salad was very fresh but I thought the cold beef and cold caramelized onions were odd in this salad. I thought this salad lacked blue cheese BUT if I come back I can build it any way I want and will do better.I didn't care for the pizza. Respectfully I wasn't a fan of the crust, sauce or the cheese.This crust was very thin and almost cracker like and wasn't like pizza crust to me.The sauce was seasoned very heavy with too much oregano and was overpowering as I wasn't able to taste the fresh basil on the pie.  (maybe an off batch?) The cheese is OK but it isn't the best.I would come back and have a salad and if I tried a pie again I'd build it like an appetizer bread and enjoy it more.Three stars is POSITIVE and honest.These pizzas are fun but not up there with the best.
5	Super amazing fast pizza and salad! My husband and I enjoyed a fresh buffalo chicken Caesar salad and a meaty Italian pizza. Everything is however you want it which is awesome since most places charge a ton for adding a little onion to your pizza. The decor is fun and festive, and very clean! The owner was very friendly and ensured our satisfaction. This would be an awesome place for after church lunches. Think of it as a mix between Chipotle, Jimmy Johns, and Oreganos, and all the best characteristics from each.
5	We really enjoyed our pizza and had leftovers which never happens! For $7.75 you get a decent sized pizza with unlimited toppings which include different type of cheeses, meats and veggies! The pookie is very similar to the pizookie from Oregano's just smaller, but just as good! They also have $5 Bellinis!  We will definitely be back! There was also a gluten free crust option for $2 more and if you don't want pizza there is also a make your own salad option for $7.75 as well!
4	I stopped in at lunch time after seeing this place on the "new businesses" section on the Yelp homepage.  The map seems to be off, this place is located next to the AMC 30 and Starbucks at the Deer Valley Town (Towne?) Center.  I was reluctant at first because the only other pizza joint like this I had tried before in North Phoenix (I forget the name) missed the mark pretty bad (over priced and not filling).The set up is straight forward, any pizza or salad is $7.75.  They have a few pre-built options, otherwise you can build your own.  I went the build your own route and rattled off a few of my go-to toppings. There was plenty more options and it would be nice if there were labels or a cheat sheet as I might want to get a little more adventurous in the future. I didn't feel like being the "what's that?...and that?...and that?" guy.The pizza itself took only a few minutes to cook and seemed to be just about the right size for a lunch portion (I could have saved a bit for later but was exceptionally hungry). The staff was very helpful and friendly, and after reporting back to folks at the office I'm sure I'll be returning sometime in the near future.
5	Oh, now I get it!  Chipotle style assembly with a wood fired oven and Pei Wei interior.  And they have beer & wine.  Neat!  Pizza was excellent, toppings were great.  Nice thin crust pizza, artfully made with everything in the right proportions.  Crisp thin crust, singe around the edges.
5	Had to come here again to get my pizza fix : )Met for lunch with a coworker and I think I liked my pizza even more than last time. Well, the secret may be that I chose an amazing combination of ingredients.Pretty similar to last time: tomato and oil/garlic base. Mozzarella, fresh mozzarella and feta cheese. Pepperoni, salami, capicola. Artichoke (yummy), mushrooms, kalamata olives, black olives, pepperoncini.My friend had the almost-gluten-free, tomato basil... I think either she requested no basil, or they forgot it because I am pretty sure it is called tomato basil and hers didn't have any. She had not been there before and she really liked the pizza too.Besides the variety of teas and fountain drinks, I noticed the have lemonade too. And I was wondering last time, but I also noticed they have cute little to go boxes for customers to take if needed. On the corner by the drinks they have crushed pepper, parmesan and oregano (yay, not many places have oregano). They also have the napkins, straws, sugar, sweeteners, etc over there, so you can get what you need.I am already making plans to go there again : )
5	Oh, now I get it!  Chipotle style assembly with a wood fired oven and Pei Wei interior.  And they have beer & wine.  Neat!  Pizza was excellent, toppings were great.  Nice thin crust pizza, artfully made with everything in the right proportions.  Crisp thin crust, singed around the edges.
3	I hate to be the voice of dissent, but I miss Neapolitan. This reboot isn't nearly as good.
5	Wow amazing all the topping you want for $7.75! What a great place. We will come back for sure.
4	Great new concept and delicious pizza! I would be happy to award this place with 5 stars, but the staff had a bit of an attitude which made the experience a tad unpleasant. Other than that, great food and an awesome, inventive concept!
5	Loved this place. It was our first time there and I am not really a pizza fan but this place was easy, quick, delicious and very well priced. Personally made pizzas to order and built how you want it. Less $8/ 11inch personal thin crust pizza... It can't be beat. So many choices for toppings and great service. The website said it was closed on Sunday but it was open. Hopefully that was changed. So definitely try this place.
4	Been there twice this week--- once for lunch and once for dinner. Believe it -- pizzas are ready in 3 minutes. Price is right and toppings and cheese are generous and fresh all made right before you.  Salads are good, however add-ins for salads are primarily pizza toppings. The owner says they are working on this as well as some additional dressing options. For those of you who remember Market Bistro(7th st and thunderbird closed several years ago) the pizza salad offering is similar. Fired Pie hits the mark for freshness, great product and quick friendly service. As for the price -- under 8 bucks for a pizza and the same for a salad---- more than reasonable.  Try it out you will enjoy.
4	To be honest I didn't have high hopes for yet another pizza place in Phoenix. There are so many and most of them very mediocre. My husband is a chef and I'm a foodie by proxy so we're fairly critical of the places we spend money.   Fired Pizza delivered. The crust was, albeit thin (not thin crust fan), but sweet and rich, the sauce was full and flavorful and the cheese actually tasted fresh. If the Fired folkes choose to read this, couple of requests: one, throw some logs in the fire. The oven was built to handle it, and it would actually make this joint stand out. Two give the option of not pressing the crust so much, to please those of us out there that prefer some thickness. Three, please ask the girls/people who are handling the food to wear longer shorts or pants, a little unsettling when they tug at their shorts, then touch my pizza. Overall we had a great experience and will definitely be back.
4	Really digging this restaurant!  Solid go-to pizza place in the NW valley for lunch seekers. Great price and value. Made to order pizza just the way you want it.  Love it!
5	FANTASTIC experience!!!!!! Delic thin crust custom pizza....for 7.75.....pile on the toppings and the crust is still crisp and the price is still 7.75. The salads are fresh and fantastic too. Service was outstanding-fast, friendly and helpful. I will be going back every time I want pizza----which is very often :) finally a great pizza place in my neighborhood.
5	Awesome pizza for 7.75! Wow these guys know how to do pizza and the prices are great! The ingredients are top notch ! I love getting 4 cheeses and like 7 meats! What a great deal. 5 stars all the way here and super fast also!Quality quality quality here is the motto!
3	It is pretty neat to make your pizza or salad to order. Most of the toppings are good but, the meat selections are not so great and the place is a little pricey.  The pizza is good but the salad was just okay I kinda miss Neapolitan.
5	I had seen the many reviews about Fired Pie, and since I was in the area I had to check it out.  It was well worth the stop and I'll be going back soon!
5	I am absolutely in love with Fired! I am gluten free, and their 'almost gluten-free' was THE BEST crust I have had in a long time. Additionally, for the prices, I would say you more than get your money's worth!I highly recommend Fired for their reasonable, fresh and delicious pizza!
3	Wanted to try someplace new for pizza and found them via Yelp. The girl on the phone explained they're kind of like Subway and you build your own pizza, then they cook it for you. The pizza was good but nothing special. The price was also pretty low, so if you want a quick and decent pizza, it's definitely worth checking out.
5	Just think of Chipotle ... Pizza Style. Great right!I am a sucker though. I get the same thing each time. Meat lovers(if you will) made with real mozzarella and all the meat possible. (almost) and extra sauce. I freakin eat the entire thing EVERY time! Although I am usually full after the 2.5 mark. Staff was good. They were having fun working which is a nice thing to see, yet made sure the clients were taken care of.
5	Great local place - think subway only pizza!  I only had the pizza and it was awesome.You first start at the dough (all thin crust), what kind of cheeses do you want (like 7 different kinds), what kind of sauce (tomato, white pizza, buffalo pizza) then move on to the meats, then move onto the veggies.  All pizzas are 7.95 no matter what you get on them.We paid, got our drinks and about 5 minutes later the order was called.Great concept, quick and relatively inexpensive (around $10 bucks with drink, tax, etc).I will be back.
3	I stopped by today for lunch & really would rate this place a 3.5 star restaurant if I could.The person who referred to it as the "Chipotle" of pizza restaurants was on the money.  It looks/feels just like the burrito place and the ordering process is also similar.You get to choose your sauce, cheese, meat & veggie toppings from a wide selection and then it is cooked for you in their wood fired oven.  It is ready within 5 minutes.The price is excellent $7.75 for an 11" pizza.Only negative was the dessert chocolate chip cookie I ordered was still raw/doughy in the middle.  Also it would be awesome if they could offer green chile as a topping.I would stop by again for sure.
4	I am definitely a fan. Very nice sized personal pizza with whatever topping you want. Crust  could be a bit less oily, but I choose to overlook the detail. Good tomato sauce and bunch of veggies is all I ask for in a pizza. Well at least from fast food pizza joint I turn to when I'm running on fumes.  Salads are pretty huge as well. If you're feeding more than one or two it can easily get very pricey, but to be fair the quality is far above Dominos or Pizza Hut.
5	Stopped in after a movie.Clean.Staff was friendly.Pizza was awesome.Good quality ingredients. The spicy italian sausage was actually spicy.Cheese was of good quality. Only con.. They do not deliver.Crust was thin and and crispy.Excellent!
5	Love this place! I've been here a number of times now and have been consistently impressed by the restaurant's cleanliness, the quality and taste of the food, and the friendliness of the staff.  While they have salads that look delicious, I have never made it past the pizza for my main course. My favorite is the Pesto Chicken pizza, but I've had many others and all have been delicious. My husband's favorite part of the pizza here is the crust. It is delicious and just the right texture.For dessert, their pizza cookie is heavenly if you've still got room after you inhale your pie. Try this place- you won't be disappointed.
4	What a great place to enjoy a quick and customized pizza of your choice. The service with a smile and friendliness added an extra star. The Pizza was very good although its not a Chicago type pizza but the thin crust was just perfect for what I was looking for. The place looked pretty clean even though it wasn't busy considering I went there around 3pm. The only drawback was the music was a bit too loud and no menu on the wall where they take your order but there is one as you enter the place. Oh and they only have one size of Pie. Otherwise great place.
5	I literally JUST finished eating my food... and I felt compelled to write my review immediately.  Tonight I was very unsure as to what I wanted.  Coming from Las Vegas, and not knowing the area well, I drove to a nearby center and looked at my options.  I needed fast, fresh, and delicious!I picked Fired Pie!  The menu was posted on the window and the doors were open and inviting.  The staff looked friendly from the doorway, as I plunged down the walkway to the counter.  Now... this is like Subway, but is SO SO SO much better.  And of course, its pizza and salads (not subs).  But the idea is great!  It is an "invent your own" or a "choose one of ours" style place - where the options and combos are endless for your pizza or salad choice.I chose to create my own pizza.  11 inches of flat crust, regular pizza sauce, and meat meat meat.  Cuz really.. who doesn't love meat?  I had sausage, bacon, pepperoni... and Canadian bacon (since I AM CANADIAN), which really is "ham" to all you American folk!  Either way, this piled high atop my mozza and parm cheeses.  I then added fresh tomato slices, spinach, mushrooms, red onion... and called it quits at that.  It was placed for a few minutes in the big brick oven flaming in front of me, and cooked to absolute perfection!My mouth is craving another piece just writing this...I also got a southwest salad - which is lettuce, peppers, olives, jalapenos, tortilla chips, and more - plus I added fresh tomatoes, onion, and got the dressing on the side.  It has a chipotle ranch dressing - and OH MY WORD it is delicious.  All in all, I was not disappointed leaving there for under 20 bucks for two large meals, AND I have some to spare... for both of us to eat another time.  For $7.75 each - this felt like an absolute bargain. The staff was friendly, there was tonnes of indoor and outdoor seating, and it was clean!  In addition, when the food was done, I was asked if it was as I wanted it.  My ONLY gripe is WHY THE HELL IS THIS NOT IN VEGAS?My God... I would definitely be fatter if that was the case...I WILL go back next time I am in town... hopefully soon!!  Or... someone can get smart and try their luck in Sin-City :)
4	Where to begin. The pizza was fresh and made before my very eyes. The staff greeted me upon entry into the restaurant and was friendly and attentive throughout my time there. The pizza was great and I love the thin crust, it makes me feel better when I over eat!!!  This is the first time I have ever been here and I will go back for sure.
5	Im here on a business trip and decided to watch a matinee movie with some free time I had. After the flick, I stepped out of the theater and thanks to my yelp app found this place right outside the movies.I am so thankful for the app! I got the chicken pesto pizza with TONS of mushrooms and the steak and blue salad with a lemonade. I'll just say this, my 11" custom pizza was gone in 6 minutes. And I was dining ALONE. I nibbled on the salad to taste and am saving that for lunch tomorrow.The pizza was out of this world! That crust was nice and crispy. Not too thin and not too thick.  A nice texture and not too doughy.  I'm not a big fan of crust and loved that the toppings went almost all the way to the edge.  It was not oversauced or over seasoned. It was PERFECT.  The salad was killer too. But I literally two two bites and put the rest away. I was stuffed.The fresh squeezed lemonade was a refreshing way to end the meal. a million stars from me!
4	I was pretty sure this was going to be like a glorified Peter Piper, and I am pleased to say I was wrong. Pretty much this place is a chipolte but with pizza. Pick your dough, sauce, and toppings and they cook it up right away.The staff was super nice and friendly, and they work hard and fast. When I got there, the line was out the door, but they moved through it very quickly so don't get escared.I recommend this spot if you are in the mood for some good, quick pie.  It's not expensive, and you get a good amount of food. I look forward to returning.
1	I am so bummed!  Used to love this place.  Don't know what happened!  My favorite salad had FROZEN LETTUCE!  Bathroom's in disrepair...filthy.  Music blasting.  Staff standing around.  Ugh!
5	I love this place but that is probably because I select awesome combinations for my pizza... : PWent here for lunch yesterday an as always it was really good.I recently went to the one in Central Ave too, and it seems they have a nicer pace at that one, seemed more coordinated when they make your items... Oh well, maybe it was just a frantic day... lunch rush hour gets kind of tough... long lines and super busy, but they are very fast. And also, this place is kind of loud... super loud... but everybody is very friendly and I could go here for the teas alone. Delicious. Overall great experience and I will go again tomorrow if I can...
4	Great deal, great pizza.  It's all about the crust.  Great crust.  Have the pookie.  Skip the bellini.
5	I had heard about the "create your own pizza" revolution that is sweeping the U.S, yet I had not tried it until Fired Pie.  I totally understand the revolution now.  My hubby and I didn't know what to expect when we walked into Fired Pie, because this location was another failed pizza joint before Fired Pie moved in.  We decided to split a steak and blue salad, and we created our own pizza.  I love the variety of toppings and the fact that you can load that baby up with toppings as much as you want and you don't pay any extra!  We got cappricola ham on our pizza which isn't readily available most places.  They also serve Bellini's, which the cashier let me have a taste of to make sure I liked it.  It tasted a bit like a lightly peach flavored slushy champagne.  Very good.  I also love that they have fresh squeezed lemonade.  We ordered a Pizza cookie for dessert, which was delicious, but small.  I wanted it all for myself!  Next time, we are ordering two!  No sharing for me!
4	My first exposure with Fired Pie was at their Park Central location in uptown, and I was overjoyed when they opened up a location within a couple miles of my home. (Conveniently close to the AMC 30 and Starbucks!)In a word, wow - Decently priced, and a lot of options if you like a custom-made, thin and crispy, fire-baked to perfection 11" pie. (Or if you like the menu offerings, that's fine too!) - I've yet to try the salads, but if you like custom-made experience, ready in minutes, in a casual yet modern setting, this is the place!My favorite custom-made pizza is one I like to call the "Julie Anne Special." ^_^; - Buffalo sauce- Mozzarella and Parmesan cheeses- Pepperoni- Spicy Sausage- Bacon- Tomatoes- Red (or white) onions- GarlicOptions: fresh basil, red pepper flakes, more grated Parmesan, oregano, garlic salt, and a couple drops of Sriracha sauce on each slice.Best enjoyed with an ice cold soft drink, tea, or lemonade.
5	I LOVE this place!  I come in whenever I get the chance.  I love the style of this place.  It reminds me of a Chipotle by the way you order your food.  I usually get the chicken pesto pizza which is very delicious and just add mushrooms.  The dough has a hint of sweetness to it that makes the crust very tasty.  They are quick with your order too.  I can usually finish 3/4 of my pizza if I'm super hungry.  All in all I like this place very much.  The atmosphere is lovely and the location is ideal.
4	Went here for the first time yesterday, and I have to say that it was an awesome experience! You get to custom make your pizza, and there are many options to choose from! You can get as many toppings or sauces as you would like!Then, they bake the pizza right away, and it's done within 5 minutes max. The staff was nice and patient while we picked out our ingredients. The pizza was delicious! It was so fresh and yummy. My pizza had chicken, pineapple, spinach and garlic. All of my favorites. My only complaint is that there isn't enough sauce. My boyfriend asked for extra sauce, but they said they weren't able to put that much because it won't be cooked. Not sure how that works, but I guess that's fine.
5	I love this place, but probably not as much as my friend who eats here every single day.
4	I was pleasantly surprised - awesome concept, great food!! I had the Meaty Italian, not very meaty, but still tasty. Good service and they have Four Peaks beer!!
3	This place was okay to try on a one time basis, but we probably won't go back. The chick making our pizzas almost knocked over some empty bins, so she grabbed them with her gloved hands. Then, she proceeded to continue making pizzas without changing her gloves! There was about a 10 minute wait, and the tables weren't very clean. The pizzas were cheap and decent, but nothing to write home about.
4	Great food! Split a big salad and a BBQ Hawaiian chicken pizza with the wife. Great thin crust!
4	Was skeptical at first, but tried it out and found it to be very tasty and affordable. Pizzas came quick too.
5	I love this place! The staff is always smiling and friendly (and they don't give you "the look" when you ask for "a little more mushrooms please?")  It probably helps that I'm picking out every single item for my personalized taste, but I always have a pleasant experience here! The fact that they serve beer and wine always a thumbs up too :)
5	Bomb thin Pizza!  All the regular toppings & few i've never had on pizza, like cilantro.  I tried a white pizza and a red and they were both great.
5	Got the steak and blue salad and a drink for under $10! And, it's custom made so you can pick what you want/don't want on it :)
5	Love their pizza!!! Always fresh & made to order!  Try the warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream :)
3	Reasonably priced, decently fired pizza.The salads are huge too!
5	Happened upon this place while trying to decide what to grab to eat before a movie. It was fast but delicious. Not "fast food" or greasy. It's like a "subway" for fired pizzas, and it's fabulous! You can choose your base/sauce, meat or lack thereof, cheeses, and toppings as you watch them make it!  They also have salads FYI. I chose the steak gorgonzola pizza with a garlic base, roasted peppers, kalamata olives, fresh mozzarella, and grilled onions. It was amazingly delicious. The best part about this is that your pizza is the same price ($8) regardless of the amount of toppings you choose! So have at it!  My friend got a basic caprese type pizza. We both ate our entire pizzas before we headed to our movie. I will return to this establishment again and again! Great idea and location (as everything else nearby requires a "sit down" meal or is some type of Asian flavor).
5	Best personal pizza I have ever had. "The Chipotle of Pizza." I recommend the Buffalo Chicken and Meaty Italian.
5	A Very good experience and everyone of our picky eaters were delighted. We will definitely return several more times in the near future. The price was totally acceptable for the quality of food. Manager was very nice and greeted us and offered to retrieve us desert. Highly Recommended
5	i'm a FAN!  Staff is very friendly, salads and pizza are great!  I have gone several times since stumbling upon it!  My favorite thing is the choice of sauces.  I'm not a fan of red sauce so the garlic, pesto and BBQ sauces are great!
3	So here we go... The price is right folks especially for the family and the food is good. On that note I give it a four star. But fellas and even you confident ladies out there. Are you lookin for a pie that is frikin good and delicious that fills u up this aint the place. It is the pizza version of subway. Its in and out no ambience. It's brilliant money wise on that note I give it a five star. I will not go out of my way for this pie but if convenient I would. If your looking for atmosphere, hearty pie and some wings this isn't the place.... Good fast lean pie that has the right price then it is...
3	Tried Fired Pie after numerous recommendations. Its really hard to walk past Barros, to try this place, but glad i did. about 8 bucks and add your own ingredients.. great deal,, Super busy at lunch,
5	Awesome value here. It's Chipotle, pizza style. Ingredients are fresh and it's practically unlimited toppings. Enough said.
4	Love the concept and really surprised at the quality.  Crust was thin but good and held up to the extra cheese and five meat pizza I ordered.  Pizza was cheap (cost) fast and really good.  Winner winner pizza dinner.
4	Absolutely adored this place! It's not the best pizza I've had but I've had Chicago pizza :). It was the best I've personally had in AZ, pick the right toppings and you can score. It's unlimited toppings for one price so don't be shy. The thin crust is great! I also like that they have gluten free pizza, sauces other than just red, and salads. They also serve China mist iced tea! The atmosphere is very laid back, we took our toddler and newborn and when the newborn cried it was missed by the other patrons because the music was nice and loud :).
4	Pizza and salads very good as well as the pookie. Only complaint is a few of the staff are pretty rude not very customer friendly. I'm still a believer in telling a customer thank you and some response.
4	I would say better than I expected. It's like Subway in a couple ways. 1. Not super comfortable chairs, and pretty chilly a/c (Phx really overdoes the a/c). 2. Choose your ingredients as you go down the line and they make your pizza in front of you. Then you pay and wait just 5-10 minutes for the pizza. Spartan interior with little graphics and decor. Very friendly staff, I think the owner was one of them. The ingredients looked like good quality. I got the pizza with all of the italian meats. Mmm. Crust is that wonderful combo of crispy outside and chewy inside. So good. Improve the comfort factor inside and another star awaits.
4	First time I went, fairly late at night, the pizza-maker rarely spoke to me, I could barely hear her...but the pizza! The pizza was delicious. Second time during lunch time, it was quiet and they were much easier to hear. Pizza is always good, I would recommend placing the menu behind where pizzas are made, way to difficult if you have never been there.
5	Great pizza at very reasonable price. Thin crust pizza with anything you want on it. This was my 5th trip to this location. Great pizza, fresh, fast and cheap. The salads look great too, though I did not try any.
3	Staff isn't very friendly at all, they all have attitudes that make us not order from here as often as we would if they were more inviting. However the pizza is incredible. The steak and blue is the best thing since sliced bread.
1	This place used to be really good!The crust isn't the same because they seem to burn it or it has too much bubbles after its cooked. The quality isn't there anymore and that's to bad. I have no other words to describe it.
4	We have been here several times, and love the pizza. They are big pizzas, more than I can eat in a sitting unless I am starving.  The salads are okay.  I tried the southwest salad and was disappointed that they put cold chicken on it, I am used to the delicious southwestern chicken salads they have at smashburger...but the salad is huge so it is a good value, I just don't care for cold chicken.  The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the staff.  Not friendly, barely say hello and walk around in "booty" shorts.  I remember when I worked in fast food there was a dress code (Khaki pants) but apparently it has gotten more lenient for the girls.   All in all, I love this place it is my new favorite pizza place, the atmosphere is very comparable to Chipotle, they just need to work on the staff's customer service skills and maybe roll the shorts down so we don't see butt cheeks?
5	Loved this place.  Went for lunch and had a small salad and split pizza with a friend.  The experience of "making" your pizza by seeing all the toppings in front of you is awesome, and it cooks pretty quickly in that wood-fired oven.  The staff were super friendly - the owner even cleared out plates and checked to make sure we were enjoying our meal.  Service was great. Price was reasonable.  Food was excellent.  It will be a place I go to again and again!
5	Amazing lunch spot. Great pizza that is wood fired and prepped the way you like it. Highly recommend the buffalo chicken!
5	amazing pizza amazing staff awesome build your own subway style for $7.75 u get a personal pizza with unlimited toppings and amazing taste if your in the area check this place out!!!
3	The food is excellent. I love the gluten free crust and the way you can customize your pizza.However, the staff is pretty spacey and unorganized. We had to give our names 4 times. If they have better organization and better customer service, this place would be a 5-star eatery.
5	What a cool experience. Kinda like subway or chipotle for pizza. You pick the sauce, cheese type & toppings. And then they cook it in their pizza oven. Very fresh and delicious. The staff were very friendly and the restaurant is super clean. $22 for a family of 3. I will be back
5	I highly recommend getting a Bellini! Everyone of their pizzas is worth trying!  Grab a friend order a pizza and split a salad!
3	A friend from work recommended this place and it's within walking distance so a couple friends and I decided to try it out one day. The line was practically out the door which is always a good sign albeit a little frustrating with a limited amount of time for lunch but that's out of their control. The people working behind the counter were kind of hit and miss. Some of them were very friendly and helpful and some looked as if they would rather be absolutely anywhere other than there. It was a little frustrating especially since it was my first time and I felt like I was bothering them while trying to figure out what my options were and what I wanted.The pizza itself was great! I love that you can customize everything about it and that it's made to order, not to mention the flavors were great. Plus you can't beat a set price for as many toppings as you want.All in all I'm gonna keep going back because the good is great but I'm gonna keep my fingers crossed that the service gets a little bit friendlier on my next visits.
4	Crispy crust personal pizza made just how you want it.  The salads are also made to order.  Great prices and delicious.
5	We have something similar in my hometown of San Diego called Project Pie. Totally the same concept. Same delicious outcome. It's a build your own pizza place. Put whatever you want on it for one price. I've been to this location and the one in DT Phoenix and this one is MUCH better (food consistancy and quality wise as well as the staff is better at this location.) Fortunately, I work out in Deer Valley, so I'll gladly stick to coming to this one.
4	Prices went up for pizza and salad by 20 cents (It happens, sooner or later), but still a good deal for a custom-made pizza or salad.Staff are still enthusiastic and helpful, have not had a less-than-stellar experience yet.Question: What happened to the bellinis? (Never tried one, but still... I know they're gone from the web site and from the Park Central location.)Current prices on web site and in-store as of July 25, 2014:Custom/well-balanced pizza (11") - $7.95You build/We build salad - $7.95
5	I don't know what else to say, great price, great flavor, fresh, friendly staff, we liked it so much I ordered a 3rd pizza and this time I picked the toppings and they put in everything I asked still the same price and it was amazing. Dare I say this is my favorite pizza and fast causal dinning place.
5	Awesome place! My co-worker swears by it and took me here today. I was extremely satisfied with everything! The people who work there are nice and move quickly and efficiently, which is nice to see every once and a while. I got the Steak and Blue with added artichokes, best food decision that I've made in quite some time!I highly recommend it everyone who wants to add yet another fantastic food place to their list!
5	Incredible! Any amount of toppings you want and all the same price. Come here at least once a week and get a slightly different pizza each time, all good. Also the "fired pookie" is basically slightly cooked cookie dough and when done right is 10/10! Depends on cook that day though. Overall, highly recommend!
4	Those who called this the Chipotle of pizza were spot on. Actually, it was better than I expected. Service was good overall and everyone was helpful. We ended up ordering salad, but it was good, and surprisingly filling for the price. The pizzas looked great too and if we go back I'm sure we'll try one eventually. Prices were pretty reasonable for the fast casual line and it was nice to see everything being made in front of you.
5	I drive out of my way to come here. Being able to create and customize your own pizza can not be beat!
4	THE PIZZA HERE IS ABSOLUTELY AWESOME!My family and I eat here at least once a week.  The fact that we all like different pizza toppings and that we can each build our own pizzas is perfect!  The pies are definitely large enough to have leftovers if you're not starving.  The thin crust is always crisp and delicious and the toppings are always fresh and generous.The staff are always up beat and very attentive to what toppings you want on the pie.  If you want more of any of the toppings that they put on there, just ask, they'll take care of it!My only complaint here is that they can never seem to have enough cash in the drawer to make change.  Twice they've had to run to another nearby store to break whatever bill I give them.  I understand that debit/credit cards are 95% of transactions but people still do use cash from time to time.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR A BUILD YOUR OWN PIZZA ADVENTURE!PS - THE BAKED CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIE IS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!
4	Amazing pizza. Thin crust is my go-to. You won't be disappointed. Employees were extremely helpful and cared about my visit. Well worth the drive and will surely return.
1	I do NOT recommend eating here. Although the atmosphere is good, and the pizza is tempting since its baked in the brick oven, there is some serious cross-contamination going on. We ordered salads, which were made by the staff reaching into every container... meats, to cheese, to lettuce and greens with the SAME gloves. Also, staff were not helpful.
5	Yum-o.  We loved the create your own concept for both salad and pizza.  This location isn't as clean and feels a little cavelike.  But the food and service were both great.
5	Wow! What a pie! The chipotle or pizza is such an appropriate description for this place. It starts with a freshly rolled & pressed piece of dough. Then you pick your sauce, cheese & toppings. Off to the oven it goes! Right before your eyes these beautiful pies glisten as it bakes to perfection begging to be devoured! My choice.......The zookeeper special-every piece of meat known to man or at least what's available in their bins, modified of course with a couple garnishments from the garden to church it up. Let me tell you what-The dough is amazing, thin crusted and fire roasted to perfection. With all these toppings it's a masterpiece! I brought the toughest food critics with me and all of them were a static where there choices. Now I just have to find a reason to make it all the way up here unless they can do me a favor and build a location down by us. PLEASE!Major important update-I just found out they have 9 locations so get your fired pie on!!
5	Good fast pizza that is quick fired. Easy to run in for high quality ingredients. Beer and wine available. Perfect for pre movie dining.
5	Very good and a very fun idea! I normally keep it basic with red sauce, fresh mozzarella, hot sausage, and black olives. You can put as much as you'd like on it though. The staff are also very nice and very laid back!
5	Fire! You are telling me I can put steak on a pizza? Yes please. They have a great concept of building your pie from the sauce up. No extra cost for added toppings makes it a no brainer.
4	4.5 StarsMe and my coworker were talking about pizza the other day and this place came up.  I looked it up online and it looked familiar to some other places I had been to.  Same concept at least.  I was super excited to try it out.  The fellas (and one lady) decided to come here for lunch today.  We chose a bad time to come (12:00 noon) and the line was about 25 people deep.  We had planned to eat it here but ran out of time so we got it to go.  I placed my order for a Steak & Blue.  My total was a little over $8.00.  Paid the woman my money and waited for my pizza.  Here is how it was...............Steak & Blue-  WOW!  This thing was fantastic!  I'm usually a simple type guy when it comes to pizza.  Pepperoni or plain cheese suits me well.  While I was standing in line, the Steak & Blue sounded way too good to pass up though.  I couldn't have picked a better pizza!  They start by brushing oil and garlic on their pizza crust.  They then load this thing up with mozzarella cheese, pieces of steak, onions, mushrooms, peppers and gorgonzola (the blue!).  They throw it in this huge oven and a few minutes later it is done.  The flavors on this thing are out of this world!  The crust stayed perfectly sturdy and crisp even after a short drive.  The first bite in, I knew I had a winner!  It was basically like eating a cheesesteak pizza.  It was damn tasty.  All the ingredients were fresh and blended together very well.  I will be back to get this pizza again.The line was the only thing that sucked......not their fault though.  If you came here during off peak hours, you would have your food in 5 minutes.  Service was friendly and the pizza was delicious.  This is the best kind of "make your own pizza" type restaurants that I have ever been to.  I am glad its only a 5 minute ride from work!
4	The pizza is delicious. Pretty cool setup love the create your own setup. Being from Chicago I am pretty critical of pizza. My one knock is that I wish they had green and red bell peppers. They do have roasted peppers just not the same to a Chicago guy. Definitely worth going. Quick service and delicious pie.
2	The pizza was amazing but the service was terrible!  We were here on a Sunday around 2 pm and the young ladies working behind the counter were anything but friendly.  They all looked like they were on drugs, they barely smiled, they didn't explain anything to us even after we shared this was our first time, and numerous people complained about the service while we ate.  Even though the food was great, we will not be back because of the employees.
5	The pizza was excellent, which should be no surprise because I got to put exactly, and I mean exactly, what I wanted on it.  This is a tremendous concept and I applaud them for the large selection of premiums toppings, which are all free assuming you are not getting the cheese pizza.  I totally recommend this place if you have not tried it yet.
4	Delicious, build your own pizza bar. The pizza costs the same if you get no toppings as it would if you got every topping. They make it right in front of you. My only complaint is it took forever! Never go here during the lunch rush.
3	So the only reason I am updating my review is strictly for the disappointing service the last few times we have gone.  I love the pizza, but like a few other recent reviews,  the lack of service is frustrating. Tonight for example there were a handful of workers but only 1 guy making pizza for the people in front of us and finally after a line stays forming one of the gals very slowly put on gloves while chatting with another gal working,  she slowly presses the dough, slowly puts it on a board and eventually addresses us like we were a bother. I get my pizza made and she puts it off to the side and assumed my mom wants a pizza and asks what kind of sauce and cheese? My mom wanted a salad, so she makes the salad and we ask for tomatoes on the Ceasar salad and says that will cost extra... $1.50-$2.00... for tomatoes, really??!I am normally not the type to complain, but come on! Most of the guys were super nice and friendly, but I can't say the same for the girls except the nice gal with the braces,  she was sweet. Again, I do love the pizza, but when the service starts going down hill,  makes me want to avoid it to save myself the frustration.
5	Triple amazing: pizza, salad and spirits!!! Pizza is just large enough for two OR take home and enjoy later, by far the BEST day old pizza I ever heated up.  We will definitely stop by again to try some of the other cool creative pizzas on the menu....Staff was SUPER FRIENDLY, made the experience that much more enjoyable!
2	I'd like to give them about 3.5 stars for concept and variety of options available. The quality of food is kind of mediocre. The pizza does not reheat well if you have any left. I'm not impressed with the quality of the mozzarella (I'm assuming the fresh mozz is better). The reason for the two stars is the service has gone severely downhill over the last few months. Its usually hit and miss here anyway but this last time it was just all around pretty bad. We get there over an hour before close and they have the toppings table 2/3 dismantled for cleaning. We have to wait for them to finish cleaning before they make our order. Then, there was something off about the artichokes. The black tea was conspicuously absent and I finally asked about it. They guy goes "oh, I think we must be out of it, do you want me to brew some? (He clearly DID NOT want to do this). The other two tea flavors are not my favorites, but I did try them and they smelled funky. They shortly came and took away another of the teas. People were still coming in and they've got 1/3 of their staff doing just pre-closing stuff. I get wanting to get out of their faster, but over an hour before you close you shouldn't be neglecting and/or inconveniencing your customers. Think this will be our last visit here.
