2	I went here for lunch and just had a bowl of pho with beef.  In Las Vegas, you pay $14 for a bowl of pho you could get for $5 or even cheaper in a place like San Francisco or San Jose.Maybe I'm just uncultured.  I feel like there are foods where you can only acheive a certain amount of gourmet greatness without completely changing the dish... pho is one of them.  Sure, it was good... but it didn't taste any different from a "good" pho at any other Vietnamese restaurant I've been to.  Well, at least the place is clean, unlike some pho places I go to in Stockton.I know a good number of people who think of pho as their miracle drug for hangovers... I guess this place is here to catch people like them.
1	This place is horribly managed by a bunch of baboons.  They can't tell their right from their left.  I saw my waiter about 2-3 times the whole 2 hours I was there.  They have horrible service.  I had to wait for about 45 minutes to get my food.  WTF! It's only soup!  Noodles and soup!  We had talked to the manager about the horrible service and she did not do anything to compensate us, but instead told us a list of excuses.  It was also noticed that other parties were experiencing the same horrible service as we wereBesides the horrid service, the food was decent at best.  Prices were very expensive for food that is so simple to make.  Overall this place made Treasure Island look very bad for lack of customer service.  If you don't want to risk waiting a long time for food, I would advise you to go elsewhere.
3	I can't believe there is a Pho place in Las Vegas.  It is in Treasure Island to say the least.  I was surprised that it is actually not bad.  I am from the Bay Area and most of their pho is horrible.  I would of give it a 3.5 stars.  I am surprised that the pho was done well--flavored and all.I must admit though that they are pretty pricey for a bowl of pho.  It costs between $12-15 for a good size bowl of pho.  In SF or SJ it is half the price.  I would have to definitely agree that their services sucks.  In general, asian restaurants do not know what customer service but this is in a well-known American casino in Vegas.  Overall, if you want good but not great Vietnamese food this is the place to go but you have to pay.
3	After a long day/night and another day of drinking and staying buzzed all day,.. PHO is what hit the spot in vegas,...My friends and I had been drinking all day and was craving for some noodle soup.  I yelped PHO and this was the closest PHO restaurant near us.  We took a taxi from Monte Carlo to Treasure Island just for PHO!We beat the dinner rush,.. and finally got to eat our $15 bowl of pho! Yes,.. the most expensive bowl of pho I have ever eaten,.. but it was worth it,. the soup base, the meat,. the everything,.. tasted like REAL PHO! Bad service though, but this was already expected when you eat pho in general,..  the odd thing is,. the restaurant/coffeeshop was pretty quiet,.. not your average PHO restaurant =) I will be back,. unless I decide to take the Taxi to CHINATOWN VEGAS for some cheaper PHO :)
2	First meal after our disjointed flight to Vegas.  It is okay Vietnamese food, however I haven't tried the actual pho, (it was about 94 degrees outside). Too pricey for a vermicelli noodle bowl and a banh mi.I have experienced yummier Vietnamese foods along Highway 99 (up in Seattle) for literally half the price. ($25 including a cream puff, I say)  Quick food turnaround if you're really hungry and ready to eat the person you're with, though.Also, there were visible clumps of hardened grease on one of the reusable chopsticks.  eeeww.  And some residual food crap in my chilled glass for my beer, which I have them changed as I am not gonna pour my ice cold Asahi in a beer glass that is half-ass washed.
2	after a longggg day of drinking, pho sounded great before another long night of drinking. basically, its $15 for an oily bland bowl of soup, $10 for an order of 2 spring rolls. it was $90 for 4 of us, and it did NOT hit the spot. most expensive pho i've ever eaten and it wasn't even good! maybe because i'm from san jose, and i'm spoiled by their pho.
1	***STAY AWAY***I seriously can't believe this place is so horrible. I have never ate anything worst than this place. After not eating for 12 hours we, my family decided for a quick dinner in treasure island where we were staying. They seriously took almost 10 minutes to sit us down even though it was 11pm and there were so many open tables. I'm far from racist but our waiter was a short, stubby Hispanic lady that was so rude. We couldn't really decide how much food we wanted and she just stood there really impatient so we just ordered a $14 bowl of pho and $10 bowl of vermicelli. After 10 minutes of waiting we tried to order another plate but our waitress was no where to be seen. We asked 2 different people working there to call our server back so we can order but no sight of her. After waiting about 20/25 minutes for a bowl of pho and vermicelli, she finally can out and brought out our food. First of all the food did not even smell good. How do you make pho and have no pho smell? leave it up to this place to fuck up making pho.secondly my bowl of pho was TINY. For almost 3x the price of pho anywhere else at least give us more meat or noodles! It was so small i seriously thought i could have finished it 5 minutes (which i pretty much did)Lastly, the most important factor... Just because it didn't smell delicious or didn't come in a large quantity, i thought it might be good still. "Good" is very subjective usually resulting in mediocre definition but i could not even describe their food as "good." It simply sucked. It gives a bad name to pho and bun. The soup was so tasteless. As there was no scent of pho at all, there was also no taste at all. The vermicelli was dry as hell! I seriously could go on but i don't think i need to.This is what we get when we want to try something instead of going to a place we know is already good. We usually go down the street on spring mountain call Pho Kim Long (i think)
3	The pho was okay. It was a bit pricey for pho BUT it's Vegas. Of course it's going to be expensive. I was happy to know they offered pho in Nevada. This place was also located at the hotel I stayed in so it was very convenient for me whenever I wanted to eat some pho.The place was nice. It had that sophisticated restaurant feel to it. Overall, it was good but not great. Not a "must-see" but more of a "it's-the-closest-pho-here-and-it's-not-so-bad-so-I-might-as-well-eat-here."
3	13-15$ pho!  travesty!! BUT hey you're paying for convenience here when you are on the strip, what is a man suppose to do when you have that instant craving for Pho?? The broth/soup was pretty good, the flavor was on point and they didn't skimp with the meat. The cha gio (eggrolls) were passable but i definitely had better.Overall It was a good bowl of soup, took a bit of time to come to our table for an early 1130 lunch but I was satisfied. Remember you're paying for convenience, there is no way in hell id pay for 15 dollar pho here in LA but its Vegas, we're on the strip think about it. lol!
3	i didn't find it as disappointing as some reviewers because i guess i did not expect much from a place called the "pho at the coffee shop" on the strip.So i actually found it better than expected.The pho tai was actually really greasy and oily though. and the beef was really thick and dry.  but sometimes im in the mood for dry and thick slices of beef so that was acceptable for me.  But they only gave us one plate of sprouts to share between the three of us.the spring roll (pork & shrimp) was not bad.and yes, it is pricey. but then again, we're inside TI.
3	My friends and I checked into T.I and started walking to the elevator to go up to the room when we saw PHO.. we were AMAZED! and super excited even though it probably wouldn't be the greatest.. but PHO in vegas right downstairs from our room was amazing to us. We later heard it was $15 a bowl for a pho dac biet and I cringed.. told myself I probably wouldn't get any.. but to cure a really bad hang over I gave in. Me and my friend went down and it actually wasn't too bad.. there are TONS of noodles.. so much that I couldn't finish my $15 bowl :( but it did cure my hang over and I was a happy camper. The next day after going to XS we were tired and hungry and drunk so we went in again and tried the pho ga which was amazing... (maybe because I was drunk) but totally worth $12. The most expensive pho and pho ga I've ever had.. ONLY IN VEGAS!
4	Okay, I may not be your go-to pho expert, but I have tried many, many, MANY different pho places all over California. Why are the ratings for this place so terrible? Yeah, its basically $13-15 for a bowl of noodles, but what do you expect..you are on the STRIP in an expensive city. I really enjoyed my pho. For the first time in my life, I ordered the chicken pho (i am normally a steak/brisket lover) and I thought it was near-perfect. The pieces of chicken were so tender I almost wanted to ask them to give me a half-order of their boiled chicken. The broth was spot-on and the noodles tasted fine. I would come back here again if I needed pho but couldn't get to Spring Mountain. On the other hand...Zen Noodles from the Grand Lux Cafe in Venetian for $15? Tried that too..if you are going to shell out fifteen dollars for a bowl of noodles you might as well do it here.
5	I was so surprised at how close the pho resembled to the taste of those I've tried back at home! The broth is so good, but the noodles weren't cooked all that well. It was alright though, 'cause I had to let them sit for awhile while I added on my combination of hoisin sauce and sriracha to make my pho to the likings of my tastebuds.I ordered the #8 (or #9?), which was the chicken pho. Boy, are they generous with the chicken! I was full off the chicken before I finished all the noodles. The chicken wasn't dry and well-cooked. No complaints here (:The servers are very nice and they come by to check-up on you often. My water cup was filled up every time it reached the half-point mark on my cup, I kinda felt like they were watching me as I drank hahahConsidering that I am used to ordering $7 pho's, this place is definitely not 'cheap eats' for a $12 bowl of pho. But, I'm not mad, that's the Vegas price tag!
2	Americanized Pho doesn't quit work out. Watered down Pho and Thai tea. Good enough for a hangover though.  I guess they were missing the MSG or something.  But if your drink and can't get off the strip, this is your spot.  And yes, chicken pho was 13 dollars and 4 spring rolls were 10.  Thai tea was 5 bucks.  Minus well went to buffet.
1	Am I allowed to just keep this short and go against my regular Yelp reviews??Don't come here.... go down West on Flamingo and get some GOOD Vietnamese food (especially where you know what you are being served)... sorry Treasure Island.
2	This place is getting 2/5 stars (40%) for several reasons:The hostess told us that we would need to wait in a nonexistent line and then put up a divider to separate us from the restaurant, even though there were several empty tables.   I had a horrible hangover, so I felt like I was being barred from nourishment.  I began to wonder if I was going to die waiting in line for pho....I ordered chicken soup with glass noodles and my friend ordered standard pho.  She said hers was average.  Mine was too heavy on the MSG.  In my opinion, a restaurant shouldn't have to rely on MSG to make food taste good.  The glass noodles were cooked fine.  The chicken tasted pretty good on its own.  This did not cure my hangover at all, so I resorted to eating rice and cucumbers until I could lift my head again... I know it's kind of anal and stereotypically Asian of me to mention this, but the rice was cooked with way too much water.  Thank goodness for those cucumbers that saved my life.  We felt good enough for dessert by the end of the meal, so we ordered the sorbet.  It took them over ten minutes to bring the sorbet out to us, and afterward they incorrectly charged our credit cards.  When I looked at my account the Monday after, I saw that they had charged me twice.  Not cool!  I'm already broke from Vegas as it is!  And the sorbet wasn't flavorful.  Don't get it if you are actually a sorbet person.So to put it short, the service here sucks and the food is aiiiiiiight.
1	Phoking disgusting.  Oh... and the staff are rude.  Don't do it.
3	This place is perfect for the late night, drunken and dehydrated, starving like there is no tomorrow party person! Wasn't the best Pho in the world. Was damn near the slowest and worst service in the world. But damn! the PHO REALLY HIT THE SPOT! I would definitely go back.
1	The only reason we went here was because we stayed at TI, and we were EXTREMELY hungover.  This was the closest pho restaurant.  (For those of you who don't know, pho is the BEST remedy to cure a hangover!)Here are my complaints:1. There was no line.  We saw open tables EVERYWHERE.  Yet, our hostess still said we had to wait, and then placed a divider up to separate us from the restaurant - totally unwelcoming.2. I ordered a regular pho with rare steak on the side.  It was ok - nothing special.  My soup was lukewarm though - big no no...  3. It took them FOREVER to bring our food out.  We were extremely tired, hungry, and hungover.  All of that coupled with slow service made us cranky and really impatient.4. When we were done, we decided to order sorbet.  Once again, it took a really long time, and the sorbet was really bland.  5. They incorrectly charged our credit cards too.  It was just the two of us, and we had our names and card numbers written very clearly with the amounts to be charged.  I don't think our waitress understood English very well, so I tried to get someone else to help us fix this mess.  That second person didn't understand either!  It was very frustrating... I think my friend's card ended up getting charged twice.In conclusion, don't go here!  It's definitely worth that extra trip down Flamingo Ave for some real pho.
2	I believe this is the only Pho place on the strip. Experiencing the best Pho places such as Golden Deli, I consider myself a Pho snob, Pho at the Coffee Shop is located in Treasure Island. I really can't complain about the taste when you're craving Pho and you can get it at your hotel, but it's only mediocre. The stinginess of the meat would make Scrooge look like a generous man. The server was very nice and changed my mom's order because she ordered the wrong thing. She was very attentive. The only real complaint I had was with the hostess. She seated us next to the bathroom and we asked if we could move to another area. She made a huge fuss lecturing us about how the server in the section will not get a table. When another group came in, she tried to seat them there as well and they wanted to move to. Listen young girl....I don't need you to complain and lecture me, just do your job and make the patrons happy and look busier that picking your nails and leaning on the hostess stand with your elbows on it. Look a bit more professional and smile more. Prices are more expensive, but it's on the strip...What do you expect, right?
3	Everything you would expect from a pho place on the Vegas Strip: way, way overpriced and not authentic. The meat in the pho tai is a little weird and chewy, and the broth was a little bland and tasted off. But I couldn't complain because it was exactly what I expected and hit the spot for my noodle soup craving between blackjack hands. Goi cuon spring rolls were decent, and peanut sauce was tasty but watery. Server was very nice and attentive. Came out to about $40 for two of us for two bowls of pho and the spring rolls plus tax and tip. (My Vietnamese father would have disowned me if he knew I paid that much for crappy pho, but Vegas ain't cheap!)
2	Whenever people talk about pho places being good or bad, I never really understood it.  I had never really had bad pho before.  Until now.Since I don't eat beef, I always guessed the reason I had not had good or bad pho was because the veggie broth was more uniform/less interesting.Two of us ordered beef pho's and two veggie phos. The broth was so bland and they put the weirdest stuff in my soup! Why was there a carrot with an entire green stalk thing in there?! The noodles were also chewy and not cooked properly.I could overlook the $12 price tag because its Vegas, but the food was pretty bad to top it off.2 stars because it was at least edible.  It was no more than that, but I'm still here typing...
3	Since we're asian, my family thinks this is the best thing ever in a hotel. My goodness. A bowl of pho is $15 bucks!!! I can get 4 in bolsa!!!! It's not even authentic. It's a chinese pho restaurant!!! The manager was RUDE. I was just taking a picture of the menu and she yelled at me.  Throughout our time there, she was just straight up rude, damn angry little lady. We asked for something and she said "No, ask your server." Sheesh... and when we got the bill and paid, they didn't even bring back our change. We waited at least 10 minutes until we're like forget it, let's just leave. Oh well! Our server was nice though!
1	Not much to say about this place, overprices and i could say one of the worst pho meals i have ever had.
3	I wasn't expecting much from pho on the strip.  I knew it would be expensive, bland, and tiny but I didn't care.  It wasn't that I wanted it, but that I NEEDED it.  I got the big bowl with different types of meat.  It really wasn't as bad.  The portions were huge and they seemed nice.  The soup was on the extra greasy side though but the meats, especially the meat balls were surprisingly good.  One of the best balls I've had in my mouth :).  The place was sorta of dirty with their utensils as it took me like 10 spoons to find a clean one but I would come here again if other noodle places can't satisfy a sista.  Oh, don't get the thai ice tea.
3	$12 for a bowl of pho on the Las Vegas strip would be considered a steal.  It wasn't bad, I was expecting the worst.  It was actually pretty good.   They are open until 2am I think.
3	Thai iced tea is super watered down! Pho' is good but the proportions suck ass! :/
3	I woke up way too early for how late I stayed up. It was the morning after the first night of our trip. The cocktail service at last nights craps table was thorough and frequent, as I have mentioned in the some previous reviews. I was surrounded by so many varieties of breakfast. I just didn't know what I wanted. I knew I wanted to walk. I was staying on the strip. So I started walking around hoping something would come to me. Eggs didn't sound to good. Definitely no buffet. Oh yeah, there is a pho place in Treasure Island. Sure it's overpriced Vegas hotel pho, but it was the viable option, to me, at this point. I wandered around a bit in the Treasure Island casino(coincindentally the second place I ever stayed in Vegas, when it first opened)  wondering if the pho place still did exist, or maybe it never existed at all...Oh wait, there it is, ok.I was sat immediately, no problem. I enjoyed friendly Las Vegas coffee shop service from the waiter and the busser, working together. Full water and all that.I got the rare steak pho and iced coffee. The soup looked exactly like what it was, overpriced Las Vegas hotel pho. But damn if it didn't taste pretty good. Also there was a ton of it, could not finish, this is rare. The broth tasted a bit different than what I am used to but it wasn't bad at all, in fact it was enjoyably different. The noodles weren't the best but you have to be realistic in Vegas and in life if you want to squeeze the maximun enjoyment out of it. The coffee was fine. It had ten fingers and ten toes, you know. I was full, awake and happy once again.I also got to look out at the empty pool area and watch some high roller guys charge stuff to their friends room via a casino manager and telephone. It appeared to be rather old school. If you need it and you are on the strip, go get it. I did. Afterward I wandered over to play some craps and had a blast. Good people in there.
2	I think the only thing I liked in this restaurant was my nap.Prices were moderate, but portions were a little small.  I wasn't expecting much but for that long of a wait it was not worth it.  There were only 4 other tables and 2 waiters.  We must have waited an hour for our food.  It was not worth it.  It was more convenient then a necessity. Probably wont go there again.
3	Came for lunch on a Sunday, June 10, 2012.I've seen the place many times, but never had a real urge to try it out.  But in the name of yelp, I finally did!The wait was kind of long, but I think it was due to the masses of hungover peeps from EDC.  We were seated by the back wall/window, and I enjoyed looking through my shades at the pool patrons.Yes, prices are steep, but you pay for convenience.  Waiting 15+ minutes for valet, crawling through the clusterfuck that is Las Vegas Blvd, then driving down Spring Mountain to "the real pho places" could eat away precious time that could be better spent in bed... now that I think about it, I wonder which hotel might serve pho via room service.  Someone message me the 411 on that please!Service was mediocre at best, and I was surprised to see a $12 banh mi on the menu too.  I got the chicken pho, cause I was in need of some rejuvenation.  The food came out soon enough (I didn't time it though), but it's not instantaneous like a lot of real pho restaurants.  I remember asking if the orange juice was fresh squeezed... and the waitress (bless her old, heart) told me it was from a sourced company who pasteurized it... "Huh?" she repeated it once more for me, and I smiled "no thanks."  Good try, grasshopper.The chicken pho was a clean soup.  Didn't feel like a punch of MSG like a Viet Lefty (see: Donnie Brasco).  Nothing extraordinary, but a good chicken soup.  It did the trick, I felt rejuvenated and ready to hit up a pool party.  One friend gave their beef pho a thumbs up.  The other friend gave one up, one down.If you need semi-quick replenishment, and don't want to poison your healing body with grease, this pricey bowl of pho is it.  I wouldn't make the trip down from South end of the strip though -- only if you're at the hotel, or adjacent.  If you're already in your car, might as well let yelp guide you to better spots.
4	Who knew there would be a pho restaurant sharing space with a coffee shop/cafe inside Treasure Island.  My husband (boyfriend, at the time) and I were meeting up some friends who were staying at Treasure Island and as we were walking towards the elevators, we saw a sign that read "Pho" and "Coffee Shop" and found that to be extremely odd.  However, we decided that we will try that place the next day after drinking (pho is our hangover food).The next day, we went to Pho at The Coffee Shop, still intrigued at the mixture of pho and a coffee shop.  Let's start with the price.  It's overrated.  I am not accustomed to paying close to $12 for a bowl of pho, especially since I can get one in the LA area for under $7.Granted, I could have gone to Pho Kim Long or another pho restaurant, but I don't want to drive or take a taxi all the way out to Chinatown.  The bowl is pretty good.  The restaurant does NOT skimp on the meat.  The broth is pretty decent, as well.Over the next two years, the pho section has expanded.  I will definitely come back for my pho hangover food.
4	Looking for the best hangover meal? or maybe a late night, been drinking all day kinda dish? They have really good soup. Big portions too.
3	I was really expecting the worst based on the reviews here but I think some people just have too high of expectations. OF COURSE it's expensive, it's VEGAS. Of course it's not authentic, it's a Pho restaurant in a casino. That being said, it was perfect for us. We were staying at Treasure Island and after a super late night we woke up starving and in need of something to settle our stomachs. This place was great. We were seated immediately and ordered some iced Vietnamese coffees. They came out a little bitter and had coffee grounds in them which was a little gross, but we weren't about to complain about it. Still drinkable. I ordered a cooked beef Pho (extra hot) and it was deelish. The broth was perfect and flavorful and there was a ton of meat in it. It definitely hit the spot for sure. I wasn't a huge fan of the salad rolls, they didn't taste the freshest and had cilantro in them (yuck) but otherwise I cant complain. If I was staying at TI again I would definitely come back for some hangover Pho. Yummy.
3	SO. This place is surprisingly pretty decent. Crazy, right??My other asian friends and I went with absolutely no expectations other than a cure for our drunkness/hangovers. We definitely freaked out when we saw the $12-15 cost for a bowl of pho (minus one star), but we had no car and couldn't make it out to Pho Kim Long. You definitely can share one bowl with another person if needed. I took my leftovers home (broth and noodles separated of course), and it was pretty good the next morning (I don't know if that's true or just my hunger speaking.)My Vietnamese friend said minus one star because they don't serve the vinegar onions. The service was kind of not-so-great, but we were there near closing at like 1:40 am. I believe they close at 2:30.
3	This place was not bad. I went here with my BF since a family-friend of his visited from out of town the weekend after Thanksgiving. This place is interesting since it both offers breakfast food and Pho. My BF's been craving pho for a while so he got  Pho Tai, and I apparently am not so I ordered their Mushroom Omelet something something. I got a sample of their egg rolls and it tasted pretty good, so no complaints. My plate finally came, and I should be used to this by now but I'm not, and it was HUGE. I couldn't even finish it at the end. My omelet was chessy, eggy, mushroomy goodness! Seriously, they put A LOT of mushrooms in there. Thank goodness I love mushrooms, if not, that omelet might just be a little too much. It came with hash browns and two slices of toast. I always feel bad when orders come with toast since I never even eat them. My BF's pho actually tasted pretty good. Not the best, but at least it didn't taste like mop water (yes, there was one time where my bowl of pho tasted like the water from a bucket that had a mop in it). The name of that place will be kept undisclosed because I'm not one to bad mouth an establishment, unless they give me food poisoning. But I digress. For a party of six, our server did a good job at handling our table. The bill came out over $100 I think? For six people? Damn. Overall, it was A-OK.
1	The portions were very small for what you are paying and the Mongolian beef was not at all what our family had expected and the noodles we ordered as well were very gummy and not fully cooled. The tea service was horrible. Normally, when you go to asian restaurants, they bring you a pot of tea. Not a pot of water and tea bags. The whole point of dining out is for the experience. In our case, it was a lack of. Our server hardly was seen until it was time to pay. My family and I are very unimpressed. We all will be making sure that us and our friends will not be going there ever again...Also, one last thing- just because it is in a casino does not mean it is okay to serve sub par food. Customer service, taste, and quality are key factors that set each restaurant in the world apart from each other. So, people stating that its okay to have lower standards because its a casino is a crock of BS. McDonald's would have been a better choice after what we dealt with...
3	Having never eaten at a Pho restaurant I have nothing to compare it to.  My wife and I were staying at TI over the holidays so we decided to stop in and try it.  I would have to say it was pretty good because we shared a bowl on our way out the door during our second visit.  So overall I would say it is ok.  I look forward to trying other Pho places so that I can compare.
1	This was the only pho place within walking distance from our hotel, so we thought we'd give it a try. That's a decision we now regret. Being on the strip, we expected the high prices. But charging $15 for a bowl of pho, when it usually runs about $7 or $8, I expected the food to at least be average in taste. I ordered the Pho Dac Biet (Combination Pho). When it came out, the bowl itself was very hot. The actual broth was not, it was lukewarm. A big disappointment. As far as the taste, the broth was very bland and I had to add a lot of condiments to get through eating. The boyfriend ordered the Marinated Chicken with Fried Rice. A totally misleading and inaccurate name and description. I don't know what the chicken was marinated in, but we could not taste it. Like the pho, it was very bland. On top of that, the chicken was so dry it almost tasted like it was left out for a day or two. There was not one ounce of moisture left. We had to dunk it in sauce to try and re-hydrate it. What they called "fried rice" was anything but that. The rice brought out was orange and had no peas, carrots, or anything fried rice should have.For a total bill of $35, we were better off eating at McDonalds. At least there, the price matches the quality of food.
1	The food compare to other pho restaurant was expensive and taste BAD!! I don't mind the price of the food if it's taste good..But very disappointed!!!
4	The food here was much better than I expected considering it was tucked away in TI. I ordered the seafood pho since it's harder to find normally. The noodles were a little thicker and chewier than usual which I liked a lot. At first I thought I got jipped with a few shrimp and pieces of imitation crab from what I saw floating on top, but there was a ton of seafood hidden underneath the noodles. Even though it's not the best value for $17, I was really satisfied.
3	This was basically the only gluten-free place i could find in our hotel.  The pho was pretty good though.  Only issue was that only 1 person seemed to know what gluten-free meant, and then I knew it was a risk to try it since the server came back and said that the cook thought there was gluten in rice.  Hmmm.... Alas...i did not get sick and ate here a few times.
3	No more PHo, ... Walked a long ways in the cold and they changed the menus and when my girl ordered a salad then asked for Ceasers dressing they wanted to charge an extra $2 for te dressing.. Strange and she opted for the ranch... Odd service
4	A pleasant surprise in TI is the pho and asian restaurant. Service was attentive and the menu thorough. The pho itself was pretty tasty. It was a bit on the sweeter side.
2	First off, service is a little slow here. From what I was seeing they're were only around 2 servers in the whole place and even though I was only taking a to go order I the servers still seemed a little confused on if we gotten our orders taken already which we already did. As I waited for our order I looked around to see some people eating in were looking around for the waitress. From that case, I figured the place was just under staffed. Now to the food it self, The price ran about $12-14 for our vegetable tofu pho which is a little pricey for Pho but I let that issue pass since everything in Vegas is overpriced anyways. Now the taste is what really threw me off. First off it didn't even smell like pho. The broth smelled more like top ramen broth and the noodles thick and slimy. Lucky I was starving by that point so I just ate it anyways.Overall, Would I come back here? No. Was it worth my money? Not really.I probably wouldn't try a pho place around the strip again anyways since the strip itself caters more over to the traditional american, french, and italian food. If you want good  pho you have better luck off the strip and exploring into town a little bit for it rather than the strip.
2	The only reason to come here is for its close walking distance to the hotels.  Other than that, DRIVE to Chinatown or eat elsewhere.The food here is below average.  For a restaurant inside a Vegas Casino Resort (TI), you'd expect a much higher quality.  The Pho I got had the raw beef on top which is supposed to be cooked in the hot soup.  The soup however was lukewarm and did nothing to the uncooked beef.  I had to fish out almost half of the beef cause I did not dare eat it.  (Didn't want to get food poisoning while hitting the clubs later that night.)  Imagine the disaster that would cause while being shit faced drunk with severe food poisoning.  Which end will you point towards the toilet???The Pho was double the price compared to restaurants in Chinatown, but I do not mind the price as it is expected to be high for being on the strip, but at least make an effort to cook the food right.  Another complaint are the servers. They're nice and friendly, but so damn SLOW.  There is definitely a lack of communication between the staff.  We asked for chopsticks to go for our leftovers and was told to talk to the host at the front.  We walked out and asked the host, but the host said we are suppose to talk to the servers.  We spent 10 minutes going back and forth before someone finally came out with some chopsticks.  C'mon "Pho at The Coffee Shop" get your shit together and I guarantee you will have very loyal customers coming back again and again.   Pho is the best hangover cure!
3	This is the go-to place for my parents who are very picky with the food they eat. They MUST have some form of asian food, so this is where they come when we stay here. Their pho is good - hot and steaming, always. However, the wait to order and receiving the food is quite a long time. Some food is good - the chicken curry is yummy, but a bit spicy. I had the broccoli beef but found it was so, so salty. Stay away from that order. Worst part : the prices! Why pay so much for a bowl of pho when you can just go downtown and find a cheaper bowl of pho? But that's just my opinion. Open late, so it's good if you're drunk and want something to grub on.
5	Wonderful service and high quality beef pho. It's tasty and it is a bargain when compared to other eateries on Vegas. I haven't tried their other Asian (other than pho) dishes but in places like these you have to know what to order.
2	$14 for PHO? well i needed it since I wasnt feeling well but Ive had waaayyy better back home in San Jose aka viettown. Service was slow - very limited pho selection. You can tell they made it super americanized/modern to appeal to the white folks.Not worth it. BF didnt like his viet sandwhich either (how the heck do you mess that up?!)
3	Okay so i was a little hesitant to stop in here, of course coming from San Jose, CA where Vietnamese Pho restaurants are plentiful, but we needed something to eat that was close and somewhat inexpensive. And since they have a weekday lunch special for $15 we thought why not. I had the Chicken Pho and my husband had the Pho Tai (rare beef). Why was his beef not rare...i don't know, but he seemed to think it was decent. I thought it could have used more beef flavor. My chicken Pho was a tad bland as well but doable. So for someone who has never had Pho before this wouldn't be a bad spot to stop in. Our lunch special came with appetizers as well...i could have done without them, the egg roll was very bland, even with the dipping sauce and the shrimp tempura was all batter. I think the most disappointing aspect of the meal was our veggie plate that comes with the Pho, apparently they gave us the butt end of the bean sprout bag. I had to pick through the handful to get some decent bean sprouts to put in my Pho. I won't be back here, but again if you've never had Pho before it's not a bad place to stop in if you are needing a soup pick me up.
4	My only "complaint" was that there was entirely too much yummy food to eat in one sitting!
2	This pho tastes like pho hoa status and was not flavorful at all. And it costs friggin 13 bucks for a bowl. I am not feeling that at all. Thank goodness they had an American menu and I got me some beef nachos. That is what I am talking about it costs 17 after tax and tip but the portions were big and it totes beat the nasty pho I shared with my friend. I'm sure there are other good pho places but since it is so close to our place, we just went there and chowed down. **TIPS**1) Ask to split the bill if you have a group. They will do it!2) Skip on pho and eat from American menu. 3) This place is in treasure island and stays open until 2:30am.
4	Ok. For all of you who are choosing to be pho snobs in Las Vegas, stop it. Just stop it.  Moreover, for people who are choosing to be pho snobs at a place in TREASURE ISLAND, you need to seriously get over yourselves.  Rant over.Now, if you're like me, and you wake up from Vegas after being out until 5 am, there are very few things that make sense.  One of the few things that actually do work in my foggy mind - FOOD. My fiance made a small mention of pho at TI and once it was put out there, I couldn't take it off my mind.So, in our hungover state, we walked over, stood in what was a very short line for a table and ordered two orders of Pho Tai.Sure the service was OK, and sure it won't size up to anything you'll find in Westminster or San Jose, but all things aside, this place seriously HIT THE SPOT.  If you're like me, and pho serves as a way to become a functional human being after a long night (or day) of partying, this is an absolute gem.
2	2 stars for their good service$15 for a pho? Okay why not. The food was not what I expected. I didn't end up finishing it all because it doesn't have that authentic taste. The waiter was highly attentive and polite but honestly, It wouldn't be on my checklist if I'm back there.
1	If there's one thing I would recommend, it is that if you must eat here, you should get drunk first, or be drinking, or start drinking when you enter the restaurant. If you aren't, then you will just be disappointed by mediocre food and excruciatingly slow service. I dined here with my parents when we stayed at Treasure Island last week. I had just arrived from the airport and it was 10 pm, so I just wanted a late dinner. At first, we were unsure which restaurant we were walking into. Pho has two separate menus for the same dining area: one Vietnamese, and one American diner food. I'm not sure why they didn't just put up a wall and create two separate restaurants. It just seems weird and inefficient. The service was terrible. No one came to take our order for at least 15 minutes. After that, we didn't receive our food at least another 45 minutes. The restaurant was not crowded, but the servers never seemed to be around. This is clearly the way the service always is, because they didn't seem the least bit aware that the food took a long time to get out.When we did get the food, it was disappointing. I got the blackened chicken sandwich which was somehow really greasy. Also, the fries were basically just thin strips of overcooked batter with a little bit of potato in them. I know if I was hammered I'd be probably enjoy it,  but sober, it was bordering on inedible. The food was definitely not worth the wait. The bottom line is that if this place wasn't in a casino in Vegas, they wouldn't make it a week. With all of the great dining options on the Strip, don't waste your time here.
3	ppl need to stop judging the price of the pho here based on California, this is food on the strip, of course its going to be double the average. If you want the convenience of eating pho without going too far then this is your go to spot, and it stays open late. It has choices of asian or american food, which is pretty good dont see that too often. I had to bump it down a star because my friends all had the american breakfast and we all ended up with the runs later on, not sure what happened there. Another thing that irked me was the inconsistency of their service, sometimes it would be on point other times you had to wait a long time to flag down a waiter. Food wise its probably a little above average, they do put a lot of meat in their pho which is awesome!
3	Pretty good Pho , better than Pho Kim Long forsure . Kinda pricy but hey it's Vegas and it's on the strip . Broth and meat is very good but the soup isn't has hot as a normal pho would be . Thai Tea is also a must ! Pho is not 24 hours tho !
3	It was good pho but overpriced.  Paying for the convenience of staying on the strip and not having to drive to China Town.
3	Good pho. Patient, courteous service for our party of 6 that included a one yr old infant. A not too heavy late night meal for about 15 dollars each.  Elsewhere that might be an $8 bowl of soup, but for in house, late night convenience right on the strip, I thank not bad.
2	Ok I will keep this short. So this place is located in Vegas in Treasure Island Hotel, so it is expected that it will be pricey, but honestly, I didn't think it was that great. Call me spoiled by the cheap Houstonian pho places, but the pho I got here was really mediocre at best. I mean, it didn't taste BAD bad, but the beef (in the Pho Thai) was really tough... and it only had one type of meat. If I had the option of getting more types of meat in my pho, maybe I would have felt more satisfied... but I didn't. The only up part of this place is that the pho comes in a pretty big bowl, but even that... I mean most pho places give you big bowls too! sigh.Priced at 13 bucks a bowl + tip, the pho here feels overpriced and really mediocre. Although pho is a really great thing to eat after a night of drinking/partying, and being the only pho place around the strip, I don't think this place did it right at all. If they offered much more options for different types of pho or lowered the prices, perhaps it can leave a slightly better mark in my heart. But considering a 2 star on yelp = "meh. I've experienced better", Pho at The Coffee Shop cannot deserve a more accurate score from me.
3	When I first arrived, I wasn't too impressed.  The hostess wasn't friendly at all and it was apparent that she doesn't enjoy her job.  Once we got seated, we sat for quite a while before the waitress came to take our order.  She was surprised that no one had taken our drink order yet.  It took them quite a while to get our drinks out even though we ordered just a diet coke and water and a non-busy Wednesday at 2:30pmThe food came out relatively fast after our drinks came out.  It wasn't the best pho I've had, but it was still good.  Not sure it was worth the price, but we're in Vegas, so I get it.
3	A nice big bowl of pho, complete with the traditional "add-ins" of sprouts, basil, chilis, and lime -- plus sauces. Not the best pho ever but the beef was tender, the broth easily doctored to my liking, and a welcome break from the usual Strip offerings. At $12 a bowl it wasn't a deal...but this is also a restaurant offering a standard burger for $17. So it feels like a deal. And it made a fine, filling meal.The restaurant seems understaffed, leading to waits for seating but once you're in, the food rolls out pretty quickly.Watch out -- it's fountain (not brewed) ice tea!
1	Really bad pho... The soup was cold! How can people serve cold pho!!! I donot recommend this place!
4	Overall: pho on the strip, need I say more?Pros:- pho is good, not the best but when you need to get back to normal from partying at all hours then this will do itCons- service is slow, table for 4 took foreverSidenote: totally worth the cab ride
5	I loved this place, they stayed open long enough for us. The service was great and the food was soo good. We had Pho and a sand which it can't remember which or what it was called but it was delicious. Authentic and perfect. Full of flavours and everything tasted so fresh. Definitely happy we made it here, they didn't deserve bad reviews in my opinion.
2	Hung over?  Need a GIANT bowl a Pho no matter what the exorbitant price?  This is your spot.  Not particularly spectacular, but passable enough.  Still feels detoxifying and hits all the right flavor profiles.However, this 3 star review got bumped for AWEFUL service.  Took forever and the staff (both hosts and servers) were less than welcoming.  I felt like a cow going to slaughter.  We were treated with the equivalent amount of respect as well.  Hospitality needs some work.
5	The beef and broccoli is delicious!! The service was okay. I would come back here again
3	Only came here because we were staying at this hotel and the sis didn't want to walk anywhere else to look for food. We came here 2 separate times, once for American and the other for Vietnamese.We ordered the Egg roll with Vermicelli (Bun). Egg roll was ok. Not very crispy but not soggy. The Vermicelli used was ok but not the best. Most important was the fish sauce which was also ok and a little too sweet/salty, a little off from generic Vietnamese restaurant. What can I say, this place wasn't an actual Vietnamese place so ill give them a benefit of the doubt. But to charge people double from what they could've brought elsewhere, I would expected them to hire an actual genuine Vietnamese cook or something, right. This dish which would usually cost about $6-7 cost us $15 here!Next day we decided to order American instead. Sis craving a club sandwich. We thought, you really cant mess this one up right. Its just a sandwich. Again, it was ok. Turkey was a little dry, bacon was cold and the fries were a little bit cold and soggy too. Obviously this only means that nothing is really freshly made to order.Staff was nice and always asked if we were ok. Overall, unless you are really hungry and lazy to walk anywhere else to eat, try elsewhere. This place is more for convenience if you stayed there and super duper hungry. Way to expensive for quality and flavor of the food.
3	13$ for a bowl of pho is pretty pricey, but then again everything in Vegas is about $$. My friends and I wanted a nice soupy meal after a night of drinking so we walked downstairs and tried out this restaurant. We all ordered the pho, which is a really generous size! For the most part, I liked it, but the broth was warm/room temperature and could have been a little more hot. And the broth tasted like it was a little watered down so a little more flavor would have been nice. It wasn't the best pho, but it was good enough for me. I wouldn't mind eating there again if I was somewhere nearby!
1	After a long day of double pool parties (Drai's then Marquee) and then a nightclub (Marquee again because Kaskade killed it at the day party), my friends and I felt like we were near death the next morning and were in dire need of some pho. We stayed at the Venetian and one of my friends had already tried the pho special the day before at Noodle Asia located in the hotel and it was terrible! So my turnt down party crew and I crossed the bridge and hopped over to Treasure Island to have a bowl of pho at their pho restaurant. The service was pretty slow and all I could taste was MSG. The hot soup helped the hangover, but I had to add extra hoisin sauce and sriracha to hide that dreadful MSG flavor. The pho still did the trick because before I knew it I was raging with Diplo and friends at EBC, but I'll probably find a different hangover solution next time I'm in that neck of the Vegas strip.
1	Poor service, food is overpriced and not good at all. Don't waste your money in this joint
1	We came here because there arent many restaurants in treasure island. Before we went in, a guy walked passed and screamed "the pho sux!" and after tasting the food, i cannot agree more... The fresh spring roll was so bad that we ended up only eating the decorating vegetables and gave up on the "star" (springroll) of the dish. The pho was mediocre, i had much better elsewhere. All in all, it was the worse restaurant ive eaten in since i came to vegas. please do not come here, even if youre really craving asian food.
2	Stopped by here after a long day with the girls and what better way to end it with pho! We realized it was $13 for a bowl of rare beef noodle soup. I thought to myself this better be some gourmet pho with all the freshest ingredients. Sadly, I was wrong... The noodles were still hard, didn't have enough broth, and had too much noodles so in the end my pho got soggy! Only stopped by because it was convenient. Can't say it's authentic at all..
2	Glad they're open 24 hours, but it would be nice to have more than 3 servers available. Hungry after a night at Surrender. Waited in line for at least 20 minutes for a table for four. My high heels were killing me. I opted for a breakfast item, French Toast and everything came out alright. Sad that they only sell/serve the pho menu items until 2:30am on Fri/Sat. Second day, during daytime hours, we had just come in after a pool party at Encore Beach Club and they refused to serve/seat us until my friend wearing a crop top, shorts, and flipflops "put a shirt on." It's not like we were wearing bikini tops and see-through sarong wraps! They don't take to-go orders, so we just ordered two bowls of pho through room service. Lame. Gave 'em one last try after a late night at Drais, and their Vietnamese menu was still available. Shrimp and pork spring rolls came with peanut sauce (loaded with chopped peanuts) and were just okay, wrapped tightly and didn't fall apart. I got the grilled pork over rice vermicelli noodles and it came with the same peanut sauce as the spring rolls. Shouldn't it come with a spicy fish sauce with shredded carrots? It was a pretty huge bowl though, and I was able to finish all the meat and some veggies. Easily twice as much as a bowl I could get back home in Little Saigon.
3	This spot is great when you're not a Vegas resident and you just need your pho fix on the strip. Sometimes the pho here is almost truly delicious! Like, super phoey. You know what I'm taking about. I once had a top 5 bowl ever here. Once.The problem is that kind of god-crafted pho is not consistent here, and chances are you'll end up with their faux pho. Not a trace of star anise, tons of visible floaters in the broth that taste like a bad bouillon cube, and  aluminum tasting beef. Very unpho.We once came on both a Saturday and Sunday and had very different ends of the spectrum on each visit. Still, it's worth a shot. Vegas is full of gambling and chance, and Pho At The Coffee Shop is no different.
1	Super slow service, do not come here for food! The people are sluggish, moving super slow at everything. Not to mention the dishes here are expensive, it totally not worth it due to poor service. Come here and you will starve and lose your precious time!
4	The place was clean and the food was great. Being from out of town, flying in late, and coming to the Coffee Shop so late at night, I had a little bit of sticker shock looking at the prices. I have realized that this is common at all casinos in Vegas so I am not too worried about it. Great place to get some grub if you're flying in on a later flight.
2	Well, when you know better and you do it anyway, you have no one to blame but yourself.My girlfriend and I were at TI to see Mystere (which was fantastic, by the way, but more on that in another review).  Afterwards, she wanted something to eat and some Vietnamese sounded good.  Now...lets face it.  This is a late night cafe inside a casino called "The Coffee Shop."  Even ignoring the 2.5 star average reviews, why would they have good Pho?  Just putting "pho" in the name doesn't qualify you.  That said, Vegas does have a large Asian population and lots of Asian tourists and some of them were in here eating.  We weren't in the mood to do a lot of research or bounce all over Vegas, so we rolled the dice.  We got Pho.  At a coffee shop.  We deserve what we get.I'd probably have gone with 3 stars after my first bite.  I got the beef stew pho - so not really your standard Vietnamese fare.  I figured at the Coffee Shop, lets make it a bit more american and a bit less Vietnamese, and maybe it would be okay.  The first few bites were good.  I was pleasantly surprised.  But the more I ate, the more chewy and gamey the meat became.  I probably had about half the bowl, and then gave up because my stomach was warning me that I was already in for a rough night, and I was pushing it.As you can probably imagine, I didn't leave there feeling too good.  By the time we got back to our hotel, my stomach was making me pay for what I did.  It was a very uncomfortable sleep that night.So, why 2 stars instead of 1?  Convenience and taste.  Like I said, it started out pretty good, and it was good enough to finish half of it.  That has to count for something.  But now I know - you don't order Indian food at a gas station; you don't eat the last hot dog at 7-11; and you don't order Vietnamese food from "The Coffee Shop."
1	Holy Moly!! Yuck! I tried giving this place a try and oh my, how my stomach regretted it later! The food is nasty and bland! No flavor what's so ever!! Do yourself a favor and save  yourself the money and go elsewhere!!! I guarantee you'll thank me later! My friend and I left all our food because everything was so flavorless. Also, the waitresses can be rude.Nasty food + Nasty Customer Service= never coming back, not even if this is the last restaurant  standing!!! I think I'd rather starve myself than having to eat this food again.
