4	What a fantastic gem in the most unlikely of places! Tea Time is run by Ken and Ritchie, two super friendly brothers who always have welcoming smiles. Surprisingly, they provide an extravagant array of selections from milk teas to slushes to smoothies. Their boba is well-cooked and chewy, and they actually offer egg pudding and aloe vera as inclusions!! They will soon have sago, something that I've been waiting for forever in Vegas! They make a FANTASTIC taro smoothie, which I find myself now addicted to. Their lychee is yummy and not overly-sweet, and Ken even went out of his way to make me a thai iced tea smoothie, which turned out deliciously. If drinks aren't your thing, Tea Time also offers a great snacking menu from mochi ice cream to dim sum dumplings to their new shaker fries (the curry flavor is my fav). The decor is open and refreshingly clean, a welcome environment in this desert heat. What I appreciate most is the fact that it doesn't smell like "fried," unlike some other boba tea houses in Vegas that don't have adequate ventilation for their frying stations. You won't leave Tea Time smelling like frying oil. They're off to a great start, and I'm excited to see what they have in store for the future.
4	For those of you who live out in the suburbs and are tired of having to drive through heavy traffic towards Chinatown to satisfy your boba withdrawals, the search is over and the time has come--TEA Time, that is (buahaha, so clever). I have become a fan of Tea Time Cafe for their menu variety and price range, cafe environment, and short drive from my home.For teas, they serve iced and iced milk. Non-tea drinks include caffeine-free pudding drinks, milk, yogurt drinks, jello drinks, and smoothies. They use real tea leaves in their tea. The owner said that their menu is still developing because (1) they just opened and (2) they do not have the tea leaves yet for some of the drinks they want to make. Thank goodness for the absence of powder mixes in my tea. I, for one, ordered iced honey green tea with boba, and it was authentic and very well-made. They also make their boba every 3 or 4 hours, so they're always fresh, chewy, and they don't get stuck in your straw. You know how you can taste the love in your drinks? Yeah. It was that kind of moment. And did I mention you have a choice of toppings for an extra 25 cents? That was new to me.In addition to drinks, Tea Time Cafe offers Asian-fusion snacks, like sweet butter toast and calamari, and meals, such as large-portioned bentos and noodles--all of which are wallet-friendly. The full meals are the most expensive on the menu, but are priced at less than $8.00 each. I ordered the curry pork cutlet bento, and was surprised to find it came with sides: soup, two gyozas, orange slices, and assorted vegetables. I was full, and my wallet was only slightly less. Tea Time Cafe is also earth friendly, as their bentos are served in reusable and recyclable bento boxes (I kept and cleaned mine to use for lunch at work). There is also a very convenient picture menu at the register for those who are unfamiliar with Asian-fusion meals.The cafe setting itself is very clean and relaxing. Music videos are played on a mounted flat screen at an appropriate volume, and the air inside is cool and refreshing. The earlier comment made by David N. about the ventilation being well-kept is spot on. Wi-Fi is also available and free, and I saw open outlets next to some tables for those more ancient laptops, like mine, or if your iPhone needs a quick charge. The cafe is located in a quiet area, so this place would be perfect for studying and writing papers.Tea Time Cafe is a rare commodity in northwest Las Vegas. With prices going up everywhere else, I have to be picky about the amount of money I spend on gas and food, all while I please my fickle palette. And yet, all these problems are solved and I find myself content at Tea Time Cafe.
4	Came in for a drink after breakfast. The guy at the counter pointed out theres a few signs with new items other than their main menu. Got a Lavender Milk Tea and wanted only a little bit of boba..I don't ever finish them. Since we only wanted so little he said we won't charge us for it. Nice. He made our drink and also told us they have wifi in case we need a place to access internet and relax. He handed us our drink and told us to enjoy and gave us a stamp card....very nice and polite guy. Definitely this was a needed business here....there's no Boba shop anywhere close. I liked my drink a lot and it was a generous size. I will be back to also try the snacks and get more refreshments. Like Cindy, hope this business does well....boba is my favorite summer treat!
4	My husband & I are big fans of bubble tea, but don't love driving all the way to Spring Mountain to satisfy our craving.  So we were really excited to see a sign advertising it right near our house across from the Centennial Shopping area!  We checked it out tonight, and were not disappointed.Tea Time Cafe has an extensive menu of drinks and snacks.  It's extremely clean and fresh inside, and everyone who works there is really friendly.  We both just ordered regular boba tea this time and thought it tasted great!  We will definitely be going back in the future to try their other drinks, and maybe some of their reasonably priced snacks (especially the bento boxes and mochi ice-cream)..  As other posters here have said, the location is a bit hard to find, but we really hope it will become popular by word of mouth and stay around for us NW Vegas boba lovers!
5	There are already a bunch of positive reviews, but I am so happy about this place that I want to do anything I can to keep it in business.I am absolutely thrilled that there is a boba place in the northwest. Tea Time has the familiar boba drinks, including my all time favorite of rose milk tea. They also serve a variety of snacks including peanut butter slathered on a piece of toast that looks like it's about 2 inches thick.I tried a new flavor - peppermint milk tea. I wasn't sure if I would like it, but since the cashier talked me into it he said he'd make me a new one if I didn't like it. He was considerate and personable, and I appreciated it. It turns out that I really enjoyed the peppermint milk tea. It was refreshing and perfect for such a hot day.I will definitely go back, especially since they have food options and wireless. They also have a frequent buyer card - buy 10 boba teas and get the 11th free.
4	Yay finally a boba place in the Northwest side of town! This place is a little bit hidden, at first I didn't even know that there was a boba shop in the Northwest side of town. Located near the Cracked Egg (that's how I found this place, saw the Boba sign and said HELLO). Very clean and staff is very friendly. Prices is the same as any boba shops! Many flavors to choose from which is great because it keeps coming back for more. So far my bf and I tried the Kiwi smoothie, Green Tea Smoothie, Orange Cream, and Honeydew! Of course that wasn't all from one trip, been here about 2 times and will be back again!
5	I was very happy to see a boba place on this side of town. Every time we would go to the Cracked Egg I would look to see if it was open yet. My anticipation was matched when I tried their milk tea for the first time. It didn't last more than a minute.I have actually visited the cafe about 3 times before today. My boyfriend always lets me try whatever concoction he has and each time they have been yummy. The mango green tea with mango jelly stars was intensely flavorful and the mango coconut smoothie is good also. My standby is usually boba milk tea, however that may change here soon. Tonight we introduced my mom to the cafe and needless to say she will be a repeat customer. She ordered the taro milk tea. I think it will be my new favorite. It was not overly sweet and I could almost say it had faint chocolate notes. I am not a big fan of sweet potatoes and most products derived from them, but this is a keeper.I haven't tried any of the dishes on the menu but they tempt my palate as far as munch food goes. I am a big izakaya fan so gyoza and deep fried anything are right up my alley. The decor is rather simple and it's always been very clean when I visit. Everyone is very friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing. Big points for the picture menu so you have a good idea of what you are ordering.
4	A great place to get Boba! It's tucked away so you aren't dealing with too much traffic, but it's still close to the freeway and major streets. The prices are standard for boba tea (but still inexpensive).
5	I've been here about 5 times already and every time the boba was really delicious. I'm totally pushing the Taro smoothie right now, it is DELISH!!!!@#$%#%^!!!!!Now, excitements aside...The actual bobas themselves are extremely chewy and very sweet. It's not soggy and I never had to worry about the bobas being hard or what not.Now since this place is no where near the strip area where there are many boba places, I was apprehensive of going since I didn't want to go to a place where they would just open up an eatery that is a rarity in the area and make stuff that are subpar since..well, they're the only ones in the area. FEAR NOT! These guys seriously can whip up some good smoothies and milk teas. I'm sure i did some run-ons in there but I'm enjoying my taro smoothie with boba right now so that can be forgiven right?I went in today around 4:30PM and was sad there wasn't anyone in there. The service was (and is always) great, the person usually at the counter (I believe is also the owner of the store) is really nice and will give you unbias reviews of the taste of drinks. I'm talking brutally honest. Really good guy.But the bobas alone are drool worthy. GOGOGO!
5	Being a UNLV student, I am always on the hunt for prospective study venues.  Starbucks is waaay too loud, It's a Grind is too small, and any other place is just not conducive to getting down and dirty with the books.This is where Tea Time Cafe comes in to save the day!  It's quiet, the tables are large, and the food and drinks are beyond FABULOUS!I usually either get the milk tea ($3.25) or the lychee smoothie ($3.95). Both are equally addicting!  The food is good too.  Try the onigiri rice balls and the shaker fries - YUM!  Also the pricing here is reasonable (Tea Station charges $4 something for their tea!) and the service is fast and friendly!    So, all in all, this place ROCKS!  If you live on this side of town (or not) you should come and check this place out and revel in their boba-ey awesomeness.  Bring your computer and study materials while you're at it.
5	Great place to chill with friends~~ I think their drinks are way better than Tea Station. Although the waiter there didn't recommend the royal milktea, but i surprisingly love it ^^.
5	First off even before I talk about the food I just want to talk about the customer service- Awsome!!! The young guy on the phone was so helpful and didn't sound the least bit irritated as I had alot of questions-He was very accommodating to everything I asked - his answer was always"Sure we can do that for you". They also give a discount to businesses in the area as well as deliver for free in the surrounding areas even if it's just a few Boba's. I have never even met this guy but it was so refreshing dealing with a genuinely helpful nice person in the food service industry!!!Now to the food & drink- Hella Cool is what comes to mind- Fried Squid Balls,Tuna Rice Balls,Yakisoba French Fries,Butter Brick Toast,Avocado Slush-You see what did I tell ya - and Hella Yummy too...Now there were some misses for me: The Barbecue Pork in the Bento Box was a tad bit too dry and could have been flavored more and it was the first time I ever had a Jelly Frosty drink- It was best described as a Gummy Bear drink-too much jelly stuff, so much that I couldn't even enjoy the mango juice it was in. Even with that said the customer service, the cool snacks and drinks all compensate for the misses and I still have so many other items to try.The location puts a smile on my tummy-(nothing cool is around here except for Retro Bakery). I can't wait to try the Curry French Fries,Mango Slush,Mochie Ice Cream, Popcorn Chicken/ Shrimp-Oh Boy, this place can really ruin a girl's diet....
4	I love this place! Friendly staff and yummy eats and drinks. Tuna rice balls are great, yakisoba fries very addictive, and the tea---OH THE TEA! You can be creative here and they go with it. Mix what you want! Fun stuff! So far my favorite is the coconut almond milk smoothie. YESSS!
5	While at work we decided to order and have them deliver for the first time... Of course everything I asked for the guy on the phone was like "Sure, no problem!!!" The usual great customer service.... I asked them to drizzle Mayo over theTuna Rice Balls and it was Oh So Good,Yum.... We also asked them to add egg to our Ramen it was $1.00 charge but that's fine.I thought the egg would be mixed in the soup not a hard boiled egg halved.But it worked....The Ramen was not like I expected in that most of the time Miso based Ramen is more creamy looking and Soy Sauce based Ramen is more dark so I feel we may have gotten Soy Sauce based Ramen instead of what we ordered. Anyways, it was good and soothing!!! I was told that the fresh noodles are from Japan and they did taste fresh...You are given a seasame seed,seaweed,spicy mixture to mix in your soup for an extra kick and boy was it an extra kick-My nose started running but I drank every last drop of that Ramen. There is also corn and a piece of dried pork maybe beef-that piece of meat was tasty as well.The Beef Bowl and Popcorn Chicken Bento are good and the portion is generous. The eggrolls taste just like eggrolls you'd get at a Chinese Restrauant-slimy veggies inside-not sure if I would get these again...The Curry Fries are flavored with Curry Seasoning-For some reason I pictured actual Curry poured on the fries-I am not a curry fan so it's not surprising that I didn't like these....Mango slush was good/typical-Passion Fruit Green Tea-I asked them to make it extra sweet and of course it was too sweet so next time I'll just have to trust that they know what they are doing.They delivery girl got lost and so it took a long time for our food to come however, she said because she got lost the drinks were on her. The customer service even down to the delivery girl is awsome!!!
5	I brought my girls here! Great service and Mango coconut boba is sooo good! I m sooo happy I didnt even have to drive to china town since its close by my house! My new  favorite place!
4	Wow!  I agree with the other yelpers that this is a fantastic find on the Northwest part of town.  It is a great option for asian inspired boba drinks, smoothies and snacks.The food...1.  We didn't try the famous coconut smoothie, but the green milk tea and honey milk tea were perfectly sweet with great herbal aroma of the green tea.2.  Seasoned fries "yakisoba" style - Basically crispy fries topped with seaweed and Japanese mayo.  It is what they call "animal style."  Great on first few bites, but the mayo can get a little overwhelming.3.  Curry Chicken Cutlet Bento box - This was not too impressive.  The breading on the chicken was on the softer side rather than being nice and crispy.4.  Yakisoba!  Wow on the portion size and wow on the fancy drizzling of seaweed and mayo.  This was very yummy.  Noodles were nice and springy, but again, mayo can get a little overwhelming.Conclusion:  Great tea place option on this side of town; solid 5 stars for fantastic green tea.  Food a good, but only if you don't have time to head down to Chinatown for something better.
5	the food is yummy. for drinks so far i have tried mango ice tea, milk tea and coffee milk tea and they were all delicious.
5	Just came back from my first-time visit here, writing this review while chewing on a mouthful of popcorn chicken...This place is excellent! The first obvious reason is that there isn't any other boba/asian snacks/drinks places around the Centennial area (that I know of, I'm still pretty new to LV) so it's very convenient...BUUUUT here are the reasons why you should get there and return again and again: 1. super friendly service! very nice young gentlemen were running the front when I stopped by. Both very helpful and made small talk with me while I was waiting for my order.2. made-to-order food/drink (sort of). If you want a smoothie, you can actually mix flavors together! I got a Taro and Red Bean smoothie (these are usually separately flavored drinks) to satisfy my love of both delights. The best part is, if you don't like your drink (you want it sweeter, less sweet, didn't like the flavor at all, etc.) they will fix it for you or replace it with something else!3. Tastes great! My drink (for being a combination of two different drinks) came out perfect, and my popcorn chicken was not bad. The only complaint is that some of the chicken pieces had a bit more fat on it than I'm used to. I'm excited to return to try some other smoothie and milk tea flavors I was eyeing, and also their ramen. Hooray for Tea Time Cafe!*note: they are also opening a location by UNLV soon with a drive-thru. *notenote: family-owned operation :) Support!!
5	Great smoothies and excellent service.  Nice quiet location with large round tables, perfect for study groups!!  The Mango smoothie is absolutely delicious.
5	This place is awesome. Reasonably priced delicious boba drinks in the Northwest, and amazing service? Count me in.I ordered an unconventional flavor combination - Honeydew/Peach - and the staff made sure I tried a sample before they finished pouring it for me just in case I didn't like it. I did, but they let me know that if a customer doesn't like a drink they order, they'll always remake it for them. Satisfaction guaranteed :)Friendly staff, amazing service, great drinks, and a super clean atmosphere with free WiFi? I'm in.
5	Everyone has that favorite drink that they get just about everytime they visit a Boba/slush drink place and I finally found mine here and it's the Chocolate Malt drink with extra extra chocolate-no ice (ice just waters it down) and no boba. LOVE IT!!!!Tried the Yakisoba with mayo drizzled all over it- OK, one order can be split into 3- it's alot people- but at least you get alot for your money - You can have Yakisoba for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Tried the fried Tofu-the sauce for that fried Tofu is yummers...Yep, Tea Time is still on the Hellah Yummy Sh*t path.....
4	Excellent quality drinks and Owners are great!
4	This place is special to me because it is where I popped my boba cherry. Never heard of boba before but found the yelp reviews and had to discover what this boba was all about!  Boba are weird slimy candy balls that defy all that is staid and sensible in the world of adulthood. I'll never forget the first bobas sliding up the fat straw onto my tongue...it was both shocking and giggle-inducing.  I LOVE Boba! The service is excellent. You can try a drink and if you don't like it, you can have a replacement. One drawback is that it's difficult to choose a drink from the extensive menu. Another is that they are often out of teas, but that's ok because there is no shortage of choices. The food is very good oriental cafe food at a very reasonable price. It's kinda like 7-eleven food in Japan (that sounds bad, but if you've ever been to Japan, you'll know that their 7-11 snack foods are very good...miles better than ours!).  The location is a little bit odd, but Tea Time Cafe is a little gem of an eatery. I'm a fan.
5	I finally visited Tea Time Cafe for the first time yesterday. My friend had visited it before and tried a milk tea but she said that she didn't like it.  I've always wanted to visit Tea Time Cafe for a long time because I pass by it a lot when I go out to the Sams Club.  I bought a Mango smoothie with boba and I loved it!!  I plan on visiting it again to try out other good stuff like the Mango Coconut drink and the Yakisoba fries (But without my friend).
5	Best boba in the Northwest. Hands down. I would recommend stopping in if you are in the area.
5	I love a nice little coffee/tea cafe with Asian flavor! Try a tasty boba tea with a tasty nutella toast! Can't go wrong and the service is great!
5	Had a wonderful cup of hot honey milk tea and shared some nutella toast with my hubby :) great service and awesome selection!
5	My #1 boba tea cafe!! Ive been going to boba tea shop in spring mt but this place is the best!!!! So clean, Eco-friendly feel like interior always comfortable coming back here w friends & chit-chat :) banana milk tea is really good u should try it !!! Lol
5	This little hidden gem is great. Guys working here are so friendly and accommodating!   Great beef bowl!!!
5	I had the taro root milk tea with boba and it was delicious. The workers were very friendly and they gave us some samples to try. As good as the place I normally go to in Mesa AZ.
5	As far as Boba in Vegas goes this place is the best (and I've tried multiple). Other places are either too sugary or their bobas taste like they've been sitting in the pot for days. Tea Time Cafe has said that they cook bobas once every two hours (that means fresh bobas people!)I get the Taro smoothie with boba and pudding. I've also tried their honey ice milk tea which was delicious. Sometimes they have taro pudding too which is quite delicious. Their food is okay but really you should go there for the drinks.
5	Boba on the north side!! Nce Bonaparte and you can tell them to make your boba the way you want it. Nice place and cool people!! Definitely the boba to go place if you live on the northwest side of vegas!!!
5	Somehow I had no idea this place was here. I thought it was new and asked the guys how long they have been open and they said 2 years. Darn, I've been missing out, but not anymore! The service is super great, friendly, and have great customer service. Milk tea with boba was delicious with just the right amount of ice to keep it cold, but not watered down. I'm excited to try their food and other drinks. Will definitely be back instead of driving to chinatown for a boba fix.
5	their customer service sets them apart... the awesome drinks and good food puts them over the top!
5	Awesome service and awesome boba drinks..i love this place.
5	Variety of boba drinks and Japanese/hawaiian style meals and snacks. Tha place is pleasant, cozy, and clean unlike typical boba places in Chinatown.  I believe this is the only boba place (real Asian-tasted desserts and not just a chain place that use super sugary powder mix) in the Northwest. Will be making frequent stops here! 5 stars!
4	Awesome coconut smoothie!!!
4	I really love this place. The only reason it doesn't get five stars is because five stars indicates perfection to me, and it's not quite perfect.Pros1) They have just about any kind of tea, slushie, or smoothie you can imagine and you can add boba to it. $3.50 for a regular, and $4.50 for a large (with boba)2) They have ramen. Enough said.3) They have donburi. I did not try it this time, but I plan to next time.4) The ramen portion was huge. I had to have them bag it up for me. They even separated the noodles and the broth so the noodles wouldn't get too soggy. They clearly have my undying love just for this.5) The pork in the tonkotsu ramen was fantastic.6) Free wifi.7) Workers were so friendly and helpful. They didn't make me feel like I was inconveniencing them because I chose to stay there for three hours to get some work done.8) Prices were great. I got ramen (which I didn't finish) and a large Thai milk tea with boba for under $12. Cons1) The tonkotsu ramen broth was nothing to write home about. 2) Loud people came in groups that could be annoying if one wanted to use the place to study. Same with the smoothie machine.3) Lighting could be better.In short, they have all the things I love in Japanese express food with reasonable prices, an atmosphere more or less suitable for camping out with a laptop and and an endless pile of books, and free wifi. If only I had found this place sooner.
5	My family & I have been coming here since it first opened & I couldn't help but spread the word to many people I know. It's great to finally have a good boba place up where we live. Absolutely love their honey boba milk tea & honey dew. We've tried a variety of drinks & food here, & I can't complain about any of them. Very good sweet brick toast, tuna rice balls, & soups. Always finding our way back here.
5	This place is beyond AMAZING!Great customer service and the best boba in Las Vegas!!! HANDS DOWN!!!!It's a gem of the Northwest/Centennial area in Las Vegas.The Shrimp Dim-Sum is so tasty I could eat it for days and days and days and days.The Ramen is really good too!  It's too bad that the place is slightly hidden.  But maybe that's a good thing :P -because if everyone knew about it then there might not be enough amazing Boba Teas to go around -because everyone would want some!  Go check it out! - YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!! :)
4	I've been to other tea boba place and this is not the best.  However, living in North las vegas, I appreciate the fact that there is a boba tea house nearby to satisfy my cravings.  I ordered the Jelly drink, it's just mediocre.  As I suck all the drink, the bits of the crunchy fruity goodies were left at the bottom of the cup.  I have to find a spoon to scoop them out.  I don't like the hassle.I love the shaved ice bowl that you can put as many toppings as you want, but they don't have it.  I haven't tried the food, but they don't look too inviting.I'll still come by once in a while, but for good tea boba drink, I have to stop by China town on spring mountain.
4	Pretty much the only place to get boba in the northwest. Luckily it is fantastic, I always get the thai tea, sooo good!
5	The best! Everyone was right about the customer service too! I ordered mochi and the guy at the counter was really helpful with educating me on the different products.
4	I've had the green apple tea with boba and a spam musubi(which only comes in two for some reason).  The food and boba drink tasted good but took a while to make which is why I give them 4 stars.  Would definitely come here again but not if I am in a hurry. Also service was friendly and apologized for the long wait on the musubi.
5	I love this place, the staff is super friendly and helpful and everything I have tried I have loved. Im a regular and I try something new almost every time I come in. Portions are very generous as well, my ramen bowl was huge! This place puts me in a good mood each time I go.
3	At first I was like "Yeah!!" but now I'm like "Nah... -_-"5 stars for having delicious teas.-2 stars for always being out of food options. I've been coming here since this place opened, and not once have I been able to get the fried squid jerky. I can't remember the last time my strawberry pudding tea was made correctly instead of having taro subbed in it. That stuff leaves a funky taste in my mouth. Aaaaaand the other day when I was here they were out of boba. So yeah, I'm over it and most likely will just hit up my favorite place in Chinatown the next time I want squid jerky and strawberry pudding tea.
4	Although I absolutely love the drinks here as well as the food, the wait time is atrocious. 30 minutes to get a blended tea is absolutely ridiculous! Now that they have become the hipster hang out they need more employees or a better system to speed up the wait time. Fix this and you will be a 5 star joint.
4	Like many others, I think this is one of the best boba spots in Vegas, if not the best. These are big words from me because I'm a huge fan of #1 Boba House (is that what it's still called?) inside the Chinatown Mall.First of all, the drinks are great. The staff is really nice and accommodating to any special requests you may have. This is something spectacular in terms of the boba world, at least in Vegas. Since most spots are in Chinatown - service is just unheard of. But not here. They're definitely onto something.I can't speak for their food, but for drinks this is just not even a question. Boba and service in one place - who would have thought? Now if only it wasn't so North...
4	This is one of my favorite boba place and also it's just 5 minutes away from my house. It is very chill and quiet and not as crowded as one in Chinatown. The owners and the people here are very nice and friendly.
5	Looooove. Who knew Las Vegas boba could be so good?Andrew J. and I stopped by here after half a day of climbing at Red Rocks. It couldn't have been a better plan! I had a peach milk tea and he had a mango milk tea. These weren't on the menu, but they can make any tea into a milk tea. The teas were perfect--just a hint of sweet, a touch of milk, and a wonderful light froth. The boba was yummy and chewy too. And the top it off, the service was amazing, the man working there was genuinely kind. We really wanted to stop by here the next day, but unfortunately Tea Time closes really early!Verdict: Completely worth the 15 minute drive from the strip--heck, I'd drive 30 minutes! You will have no regrets.
5	Y'all are the bossmen. I'm glad that this is located in North LV and not in China Town because they've got enough boba places. They also have other alternatives like lychee, instead of getting boba with your tea. Free wifi always warms my heart up, and they have BRICK TOAST AND JENGA. I EFFING LOVE JENGA.
4	I went here the other day for the first time with my husband. I ordered the Green Apple Tea and he ordered a Boba Tea. They were good drinks that were made quickly. Mine was a tad on the sweet side but my hubby explained to me that they had come out with a small sample so I could check the sweetness level but I was in the restroom. I thought that was very considerate of them. Kudos. I'm docking a star for them because their bathrooms were gross. I'm not sure what exactly was on the wall but I'm pretty sure that I don't want to know. Just tidy up a bit and another star will be added. I will go here again.
2	The location is convenient considering I live in North Las Vegas. The drinks were good but they're overpriced. The amount you pay for a large is the same as the biggest boba drink at No.1 Boba. Except the size of a large at Tea Time is the same as a medium at No.1 Boba. And the regular sized boba should be called small, not regular. They were good but not worth it to me.
2	To have the boba just sitting out on the counter is beyond me. Scooping it out into the smoothies itself in front of customers is really not reassuring either. Taro smoothie DOES NOT taste like taro you would get in China town, so be ware. I have't tried any other flavors but I seriously doubt that they have consistency. The place seems friendly and laid back, but, If you want the real stuff, that's actually fresh and quality tasting, make the trip over to China Town. Don't settle for this wanna be place.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!Amazing customer service, great drinks, and awesome food!It's a gem tucked away in the North-West part of town!  Right off Ann and 95, next to the Cracked Egg.  The drinks are much cheaper and tastier than multiple boba places off West Spring Mountain!The place is always super clean and the staff is more than happy to recommend drinks or food based on your tastes / desires.   Plus all the drinks can either be made hot or cold! IF YOU LIVE in the Northwest area part of LV, you gotta check this place out!  They have great hours and you'll always want to come back!I'm hooked on Tea Time! :)
4	First off I have to start by saying I LOVE how friendly they are here!! They make it so easy to not be afraid to try new things! They gave my whole family samples and although I am already not afraid to try anything they tell me is yummy, they are slowly converting my family into tea fans too! If you have any questions at all, they will explain them all, even if it's the whole entire menu! So don't be afraid to order out side of your normal realm when you go here. I had the Taro Smoothie with Boba and it was delicious! It tasted like Lucky Charms marshmallow's! The only thing I would have changed was the size, it was just too large for me to finish. They also gave me a punch card, so I will be back to work on my free drink very soon. It was such a great change from my Starbucks routine!
5	If I could double the stars to 10 I would:D:D:D As the boba queen, known by my friends, this is the best place ever!  The staff, service, cute spot, aaaaaand BOBA drinks -- they're all around.  Rich & Ken are the nicest people and welcomed me my first time in.  They also give you the low down on how they run things - wanna try a new drink? Don't be scared to waste your money! They'll give you a sample and if you don't like it, they'll make a new one for no additional charge.  You can also have them adjust the sweetness to your liking.  How awesome is that!  I actually saw a customer come in and want her drink remade and they were more than happy ---- unlike Starbucks who has a similar promise but the 2 times I've actually taken them up on it, I get a nasty look and the drink practically thrown back at me looking even more beat than before.  I'm a regular with the boba milk tea, royal milk tea (more flower taste), honey green tea, and rose tea.  ALL amazing.  Their flavors for everything are not overwhelming so you can finish an entire drink without feeling yucky.  Also, their boba servings are generous which is nice after paying $4-5 on a drink (Like some places only giving you literally 10pcs of boba??? You shouldn't be able to count it!!).  They also have a food menu which I still need to try.  Lots of people come through here to sip and hang out or have a nice meal with a friend.  Great atmosphere:):)Don't forget to get your stamp cards!  Also, they can replace their sweetener with stevia or splenda -- go with stevia!! My finace had it in a taro smoothie and it was just the right flavor!!! Lalalalalalove it here and highly recommend it!
4	Tried it for the first time today! No crowd on a weekday afternoon. Friendly staff and lots of flavors. I noticed a bunch of items were covered on the food menu but I came for drinks anyway.I ordered a Passion Fruit Black Tea w/ Lychee Jelly & the boyfriend got a Kiwi Smoothie w/ Boba. Both were delicious. Not too much ice on mine, which I appreciated so it won't be watered down until my last sip. The Kiwi Smoothie was fresh & fruity.We also ordered the Sweet Milk Butter Brick Toast. Wish the toast was bigger, but I guess nothing can compare to Ichiza. Haha. It's just a toast with condensed milk. It hit the spot though.All in all, if you're in the North side, then it's your go-to boba place. If not, then you can opt for better places on Spring Mountain side.
5	Exemplary customer service.Endless drink options. Boba pearls stay soft.Scrumptious foods. Adorable decor and furnishing. What more could you want from a boba shop?GO NOW!
5	Edit: with the addition of more staff, tea time cafe has definitely turned into a hidden gem in the northwest!! It's such a great family owned boba place. The two guys who work the front and make the drinks are the best. They're so nice and attentive. I love that if you are trying a new drink, they let you taste it first and if you don't like it, they'll make you a new drink for no extra charge. I personally love their honeydew and Thai milk tea drink & smoothie. My brother loves the cocounut! The boba isn't so under or over cooked & I love that it's pretty much freshly made every two hours, so you don't have old boba.The interior is very calming and it's a great place to hang with friends and play board games. They also have some very good snacks. I've had the takoyaki (sp?) and the rice balls and they were just on point! They recently started selling macarons from a small sister duo company called Tiny Sweet Treats and they are just amazing! If you want to place an order for more, Tea Time let's you do that.This is definitely my go to boba place and I love that it's super close to me. No more long drive to Chinatown when I can go here. And because of that, I am now a regular & richie and Ken and asia and kayla pretty has my order down to a T. Keep up the good work!P.S. don't mind the check ins! I completely forget to check in here every time I'm here xP
4	I love this little cafe. I've been occasionally going here since I graduated High school 3 years ago. I usually get the Taro smoothie boba. I've gotten some food here too but i really enjoy their drinks more. I like the colors of the chairs and walls here, makes me feel relaxed and makes me want to sit down aha. The people who work here are very friendly and they know how to talk to just about anyone. Sometimes when i want to get a drink it's full sometimes it is not. The price is very reasonable. and you can also get a stamp card that after 10 drinks you receive one free.Check this place out if you want a nice cold drink if you haven't before!
4	I'm really glad I found this place. Not many decent Boba spots in North Vegas. This one always delivers. Great variety of boba & tea. Even the food is good and portioned just right for a quick snack. Such friendly service. They always seem so patient with me while I'm taking forever to figure out what I want to order. My only gripe: it's always a bit too warm for me inside. I wish they'd turn up the air conditioning just a tad more.
4	They take a while to make the food but they're good. Always order ahead of time before getting there. Otherwise, the tea is superb.
5	I love this place.I've tried most of the drinks on the menu and I love all of them.The customer service is really nice. The employees are really nice and the guy working at the cash register is a little cutie pie (n-no homo)
5	Amazing staff, quick service, and lots of tea combinations. Anything from milk teas to blended smoothies! Also delicious ramen is served here. If you are unsure what to order just talk with the staff and try will help you find the perfect drink to satisfy your tastebuds!
4	I love Tea Time Cafe! My personal favorites are Coconut Milk Tea and Thai Tea with boba. Location is great because where I live, it takes about twenty minutes for me to get boba from china town which suuuuuucks. The staff that work there are super nice and since I go here on a daily basis, they already know what drink I want :)
5	This place is awsome. And they have great prices.
5	Best damn Tea/Smoothie shop period. Great customer service! Love this place! I visit at least ounce a week if I can. Prices are comparable to Starbucks but to me well well worth it!
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!! Never too sweet or dull & the boba has a perfect texture! Inexpensive for great quality:) I usually always get the strawberry banana w extra boba n it's always perfect!! Must go
4	This popped up when I was searching for coffee. No espresso drinks served here, it is a tea cafe only. I do think the had some food on the menu, not sure. Wide selection of teas n chai. The coffee was fresh (I watched him brew it In a drip machine using Kirkland coffee) The service was excellent. But $3.50 for drip coffee is a bit much, I even supplied the cup. I gave him 4 stars because I can't ding him since he went out of his way to make me coffee when they don't even normally sell coffee. So, I guess my review only serves to remind folks to pay more attention before committing to a restaurant.
3	The day I came in for a boba smoothie, they didn't seem to be busy, but for some reason, the service was exceptionally sloooooow. I didn't think the drinks were any better than what I've had before, so I don't understand what all the buzz is about. I don't think I'll be back.
5	I've had 14 reviews deleted by the legal department this year. And, I really wanna write a nice review for Tea Time Cafe that will still be around this time next year. So, I've decided to drop my tired and worn out "Schtick" in order to avoid violating any more TOS. Therefore, I have devised an ingenious idea to use everyone else's schticks, since they don't seem to have as many reviews deleted. So here it goes: THE SKINNY Tea Time Cafe is a real jewel of the Northwest. THE SKINNY, they have honey toast with green tea ice cream. THE SKINNY I loved it more than I love Canada.  THE SKINNY, with honey toast in the NW, I don't have to drive to Ichiza or Shuseki anymore! THE SKINNY, the guy who manages this place was really nice to me and didn't mind that I waited on the couch for 10 minutes for my friends to show up. THE SKINNY, they got a cool claw machine that has rilakkuma and domos.  THE SKINNY I don't LIKE Tea Time Cafe. I LOVE it. THE SKINNY If I don't love it, I don't swallow. I LOVE BIG WEINERS! But they didn't have weiners here, MORONS! So perhaps my morals helped me get the curry fries. They are perhaps like chili cheese fries but with curry instead of chili. The fries weren't immoral and perhaps were cooked extra crispy. It did not hella suck. Perhaps, it was the opposite of sucking. Speaking about sucking, I sucked them down like a hoover! The workers were not IDIOTS or CREEPY immorals! They were actually really nice, SCORE! Perhaps, I love the fries more than I love big weiners. And the prices be so low dat I be ballin on a budget! YAY!GABAZINGA! I'm so fun! I showed up to Tea Time Cafe alone, but I always have fun when I'm around! While waiting for my friend to show up, I broke out my photography skills and took several pictures of the food I ordered. But, I accidentally deleted all the photos before uploading them onto yelp. Jeez could I be more ridiculous? I sometimes wish I could be! Wizzle Wozzle! The curry fries were perfectly browned and the curry itself was made from a real gram masala rather than a powder mix. It wasn't JCZ, but I was satisfied and not too uncomfortably full. I wasn't trippin... and after taking a selfie with that same goofball face I always make, Amanda and I ended up break dancing on out of there. (T)hank u BIG MAHALO Amanda-monstah for always recommending such great restaurants! SHAKA!  (E)very Japanese item from ramen to unagi don is on the menu-monstah. ATTACK!!!(A)pple Yogurt Smoothie had me slurping like a smoothie-killah!! ATTACK!! (T)una rice balls with unagi sauce is on FIYAH! Bomb!(I)'m running out of creative words to use for this schtick(M)e has a gud tee drunk...(E)pithelial-myoepithelial carcinoma..Sorry I couldn't think of another word that started with E. Wakki Lakki Aloha!(yelp challenge 100 out of 2343)after dropping off donations at the next yelp help event and bragging about it all over talk, i'm gonna make sure that tea time cafe becomes my regular spot to hang out with my friends who are so much more popular than you. i can see myself jumping into my vessel of transportation which carries the shape of my soul to tea time cafe every morning for coffee and a boba.  i don't go to bad restaurants, and i can see a bad restaurant from miles away because i have super powers..i can see through bullshit. and tea time cafe is ranked #1 by centennial hills yelp. i'm not spreading rumors again, ttc is more legit than yonaka. i can't believe i just said that, well i guess i'm at that age where my brain just says things just to see what happens. 99.9% of the time it's those darn BANDWAGON faux Japanese WANNABES who run 99.9% of these places. My ability to sense bandwagon wannabe Japanese restaurants is 99.9% more acute than the reflexes of the kitty cat on my profile picture. I'm 99.9% sure Tea Time Cafe is 99.9% not a bandwagon wannabe.  I love Tea Time Cafe more than 99.9% of yelpers. I've eaten here 99.9% more than all of you. They got good miso ramen here, and as you know I got 99.9% more ramen experience than you. They also have Tonkatsu here, not Tonkotsu!! GET IT RIGHT!!! GOD DAMN IT! Why is it that 99.9% of you non-Japanese get tonkAtsu confused with tonkOtsu! That makes me feel 99.9% like blowing my brains out at Kabuto where I'm 99.9% sure they are not bandwagon wannabes. BTW Amanda, keep your meaningless crown! Legal disclaimer- RELAX!!! Please learn how to take a joke. I'm a big fan of all your reviews and schticks. This was not a diss, it was an informative parody.  At least this review was more informative than those yelp tips that only say "yummy" or "the duke is here!"
5	I'm a huge fan of their milk tea with tapioca. I've had it hot and cold and loved both. I like that they will adjust the amount of sugar in the drinks or use Splenda (if you use that stuff). Easily the most polite, friendly boba place I have been to. Kind of an out of the way location, unfortunately.
4	Great bubble tea and great snacks. I wish that they used real dairy creamer instead of non dairy but I still enjoyed what I had here. Space is large and clean and the service is friendly. The guy running the register was nice and answered any questions on the menu for the more exotic items. I tried the Hokkaido milk tea and spam masubi and deep fried tuna rice balls. All were great. Would be great if they added more board games to their collection. Highly recommend this place. Also another bonus is they make their own egg pudding!
5	My parents live in North Las Vegas and this is the closest place to get boba. Im glad that their boba milk tea tastes good otherwise Id have to drive far to another boba location. They have a lot of choices on their menu and the food is pretty good too. The workers are very very nice! He recognizes me as a regular. This one time, my friend knocked my drink over as we were sitting down and the worker gladly made me another one free of charge!
4	We finally made it to this well-reviewed boba spot/cafe.  It's been a bookmark of mine for quite some time and I am happy to report that it lives up to the rave reviews.  Located right off the 95 and Ann Rd in the northwest, Tea Time Cafe has many choices for its guests, from boba drinks and smoothies, to Spam musubi and ramen.  I chose the small size avocado smoothie with boba and lychee jelly.  I asked the nice man taking our orders what went well with avocado and boba and he recommended the lychee jelly; I'd never had that before.  Sweetness level can be adjusted according to your liking here with Stevia and Splenda available as substitutions.  Actually, they can customize your drink in most any fashion, so the sky's the limit.  I'll come back soon and try the Spam musubi and a different boba combination.  *Closed Tuesdays
4	Came here for lunch, looking off the popcorn chicken over rice but it's no longer on the menu.  This place is definitely no good for a meal, BUT great for tea time (hence the name) and lounge with friends over some snacks.  The two guys are super friendly!!  Knowing it was my first time, they have me a sip to try what I ordered before making it to make sure I was satisfied.  Love the attention to detail and service!!Btw, I ordered the spam musubi and it was ok...just hard to eat.  The honey milk tea was perfectly sweet former who doesn't like things too sweet :)
4	Nearby boba spot for us NW people!I tried a 24oz Mango Passion Fruit Smoothie for a bit over $5. Good smoothies here, just a bit on the sweet end...probably just sugar added I'm guessing.Seems like a cool place to hang out for a bit and get a good drink.  It's comfortable here :)
5	I love Tea Time! So great to have a good boba place in the North West area instead of having to drive to China Town. The owners are very friendly & can suggest popular and tasty drinks if you haven't been here before. I usually get the strawberry pudding w/ boba or the strawberry mango smoothie with boba & mango jelly stars. Both super yummy! They have a wide variety of tea flavors, smoothie, flavors, topping and even food. Food is pretty good. Popcorn chicken is good and so is the ramen. Perfect for a rainy or cold day. I've also had the fish balls but I'd suggest eating them there cause they didn't taste as good when I brought them home. All in all this place is a cute place to sit and have a drink or snack. Definitely recommend!
4	Was expecting so much more especially because I hear so much hype about it! I got the Japanese matcha coffee and I had to add coffee mate! It was a little weird. Not my thing! But, on the bright side, the staff were friendly :)
4	I love the drinks. The boba is usually made right, and the staff is friendly. The owners are usually working, and they've always been super pleasant. My only complaint is the wait sometimes. It can take upwards of 15 minutes to get my drink from the time I order, and I have occasionally had it take longer. But apparently I think it's worth the wait because I keep coming back. :)
5	I absolute love this place . Same great taste and quality like you would find in China Town .
5	Been going there for over 6 mnths now and it is still the best I have ever tasted! I used to go to Lee's sandwich to get it, but this one just taste so much more natural and so much more flavorful, plus after your 10th, you get one free.Coconut smoothie with Booba is the truth!
5	I am so happy my boyfriend and I came here! We walked in and I was a little overwhelmed by all of the choices. They all looked so good! As my head was just about to explode from so many options, my boyfriend pointed out the white chocolate milk tea. What?!*%# heaven!! I ordered it with boba and my boyfriend got the caramel green apple smoothie.We sat down and waited for our drinks and started playing uno. It took only a few minutes of anxious waiting and uno domination for our drinks to come out. It wasn't as sweet as I expected but it really was heaven! My boyfriend loved his, I just thought it was a little too caramely. The service was awesome and the atmosphere is very relaxed. We will definitely be coming back again!! :)
5	Great cool place to come and get boba!! There are so many great selections to choose from and they even have honey toast here!!
5	YAS me and my friends come here all the time!!! sooo much to choose from i can always switch it up & it'll always be good. also love the curry fries & other fries options i was so excited when tea time introduced the fries. also tea time has board games for you to play while you drink your boba its a fun hang out place!! especially after school or whenever
4	A bit hidden in a corporate business plaza next to Painted Desert golf course. They have a large selection of tea and boba options and flavors. I tried the lychee smoothie. Very yummy. They used to have a larger selection of small food items. Now we just found the ramen intriguing. We tried it. I had tokutsu?. It was a bit weird for my taste. My son had egg noodle and that was delicious. The pic of miso ramen on here looks like it is worth a try in the future too. Will be back, but I do wish they brought back a few more food items like the rice bowls.
5	Delicious iced lychee green tea. This place is my new favorite study spot. They have wifi, yummy drinks, and affordable little snacks. The staff is super friendly as well.
3	Great place and it's always good but definitely need more staff or more efficiency in executing orders to handle the business coming in. I've been waiting 30 minutes for a milk tea with no boba and I'm still waiting.
5	Awesome tea cafe.... very nice staff and the atmosphere is relaxing. I like it... great place.  Boba tea is awesome....
5	I go here often and usually try the taro smoothie with boba. I wanted to try something new and the cashier recommended the strawberry with taro and its amazing!! Every time I go in they recognize me and get me the same order lol.. I love it!
5	This was my first experience with Boba tea, and it's so perfect! Wonderful staff. They're all so friendly and helpful. They always greet you when you enter the store. I seriously love the Mango smoothie with mango jelly and Boba. But I haven't had a bad thing here yet. c:I haven't tried the food yet, but I'll update as soon as I do.
5	I have been a Time Time fan for years now and I am finally giving this place a review, though it does not need it. Everyone knows how great this place is. It is conveniently located off the 95 and ann road. The boba is so delicious. They have all the flavored drinks you could think of, and they are willing to accommodate any request. The staff is always extremely friendly. Nothing like a smile and a boba. They have comfy tables and couches, boardgames and books, but also wi-fi. My favorite boba place by far.
5	Service is always friendly and helpful. Drinks are always refreshing and made perfectly to order. Food is superb!
5	for north Las Vegas this boba cafe is pretty legit.  they have flavors I haven't seen in Chinatown plus the staff is amazingly friendly.  it's more of a local spot, which I like for the fact they get to know their customers.  always coming up with new and exciting flavors, just incase you wanna try something new.  they serve quality food and of course their boba is on point.  my reg is the white chocolate or the coconut milk green tea.  their brick toast is pretty good as well.
1	VERY SLOWWWW! SERVICE! Took over 30 minutes for three drinks! RIDICULOUS!!!I don't get it! I watch 3 people walked in after us and got out earlier. Crazy! Crazy! Crazy! Watch Out People! And to the Owners, You have to improve the Customer Service aspect of your Business or else you will Loose it!
5	Awesome menu. Absolutely delicious drinks & desserts. I love this place! The atmosphere is open & friendly. I have never had a bad experience here. Go there. Just go there!
4	TLDR: menu variety; cheaper add-ons; limited hours and food; plentiful selection; games available Tea Time Cafe attempts to provide a modern atmosphere with its decor and ambience. While it appears to be a work in progress, the restaurant does seem to have a handle on how to make great tasting drinks at a fair price. I ordered the leather boba milk tea to determine the quality of the product since it was my first time going. My partner in crime decides to get the ever-popular Thai tea slush. The boba had a consistent flavor and texture. The milk tea was blandly flavorful (how's that for an oxymoron), but seemed delightful. I would appreciate more concentration of tea. The Thai tea slush was almost to die for...the flavor was on-point and plentiful from start to finish. All-in-all it was a good experience. They frown upon pictures for some odd reason, but I had to sneak a pic anyway. Service was standard, but they didn't offer a stamp card. Wouldn't you want repeat business? I would return only if in the area.
5	Who knew such a quality boba place exists outside of china town?! The tea here tastes like actual tea, not the powder stuff most places use. My favorite is the rose milk tea, which is a drink not many places get right. Tea time, in addition to quality drinks, makes delicious snacks as well. The portion size is definitely worth the price.
2	The tea and boba smoothie are yummy but service is slow really slow i could get over that because I'm usually not in a hurry but the dining room was so filthy it wasn't fun to wait. It was not very busy when i went in and it would have been nice to see someone bussing the stained tables and chairs which have scuff marks everywhere. Or someone swiffering the dirty floor. Their was all kinds of debri and gross hair every where. I was kind of glad to go sit out side.
2	So I usually love coming in here and grabbing a smoothie togo but today I decide to have something to eat. I waited for an hr for my food. If I knew it was going to take this long I would of never ordered anything to eat. I doubt I would have mind if I came in here with someone but I just got off work.
5	I freaking LOVE this place! We used to live in the NW part of town, and were regulars here. The Almond Milk Tea with boba is one of the best things I have ever drank! Sadly, we have now moved to the SW side of town, and miss this place tremendously, as nothing down here even comes close. Whenever my fiance golfs at Painted Desert I make him bring me back tea from here. Please open another spot down here, or in Henderson!!! ASAP PLEASE!
3	This place came up on my Yelp feed as a place that I may enjoy.  I looked through the reviews and the pictures and decided to give this place a try.This is definitely a minimalist style food serving establishment.  There is very little decoration on the walls, which are painted a bold green.  The seating and tables are your patio variety done in white and green.  All in all, I thought there was way  too much green and I felt overloaded with the greenness of the deco.  The "specials" board which is done in multiple rainbow florescent colors that is back lit does catch your eyes, but was smudged and hard to read due to the missing letters.  I couldn't make out half of what the specials were.The main reason I wanted to try this place wasn't for the boba style, frozen / milk tea drinks, but for the snacks that they have (or had) on the menu.  There are several pictures and reviews on this Yelp page that show their Popcorn Chicken, Beef Bowls and Ramin Noodle Soups.  I was disappointed to find that these are no longer being sold here.  She didn't explain why they were removed from the menu, but I was left with two of the other items that were left on my list of items to try.  I tried the Yakisoba fries and the Takoyaki.  Both the Yakisoba fries and the Takoyaki are similar in their toppings.  Both are topped with drizzled seasoned mayo, sesame seeds, seaweed flakes and what tasted like a salty soy based sauce which together tasted very good.  The Takoyaki are deep fried balls filled with a creamy filling that also contains what appeared to be squid.  I enjoyed both of them, but for the price of $4.95 each, I would go with the fries especially if you were to share them with someone.  There is more to go around.  The Takoyaki also comes out very hot and takes a long time for it to cool down in the center unless you open it up and let it cool before deciding to place one in your mouth and devour it.The food was okay, but the service was a bit chaotic.  i did have to wait quite a long time for other customer drink orders to be made before my food order was started.  There were several drink orders that were placed after mine and served before mine.  What can I say?  They are drink orders, but I believe that time management wasn't successfully accomplished here when dealing with the only food order amongst a lot of drink orders.  Next time I'll come in for the drinks as they did look very well made and delicious for the price.  If you are going to order a "snack" as they call it on their menu, I would recommend ordering a drink with it as well.  You will get your drink and be able to enjoy it while you wait for your snack.  The snacks take quite a bit longer to prepare than the drinks.All in all, I felt the price of the "snacks" were about a dollar too high for what you get.  The two that I tried were good though.  The decor of the cafe is an explosion of green with accents of black and white.  I felt like I was in a mint chocolate chip bowl of ice cream.   There was a black couch and chair off to one side of the dining area that had a coffee table that looked nice.  I did like that this place does have games, WiFi, a small bookshelf and some coin operated games.  It's a good place for kids, teens, and younger tweens.  If you have children I'm sure they would enjoy it here.  Especially if they like feeling like they are in a giant bowl of mint chocolate chip ice cream.The service was what i would call "typical".  The cashier took my order, explained that they no longer made the items i came in for then waited while I looked at the menu in order to recognize something else I wanted.  She offered no help or assistance.   She didn't offer any suggestions.  After waiting what I felt was a long time for the "snacks" that I ordered, the person who brought out the food to the tables bypassed me completely, went over to another table and asked if the food was theirs.  I had to politely announce myself to let him know that he had the food I ordered.  He did apologize for walking passed me, set the food down and quickly went back to work behind the counter.I do have to take into account that the place was busy with drink orders.  A lot of people were ordering what looked like the blended Taro milk tea with boba.  It was purple and did look well made, but I'll have to try their drinks another time.  When I do I will update this review, until then I hope you find this review helpful.
4	The boba slush I had was amazing! They were out of the food that my fiance and I wanted, which is why we got out of bed in the first place! I really liked their cool wall of Polaroids shot with either a Polaroid 300 or Instax Mini. The employee that took my order was nice. Overall the experience was OK and the drink was great.
5	I love this place so much!!! The boba and food is amazing. Especially the tuna rice balls and yakisoba fries! The staff are very friendly! :)
5	I'm so glad I found Tea Time Cafe! The location is awesome. There are'nt alot of boba places on the north side of town and even though its a 10-15 min drive from me, I make the time to come grab a boba tea.The staff is very friendly and I always get my drink in a timely manner. You wont be dissapointed!
5	I can proudly say we're regulars here. Can't beat the variety and most of all the flavors of teas they have. Remarkable quality, I know because I am a tea drinker and generally really picky about my teas, hot or iced. My favorites are passion fruit, rose milk, and coconut milk teas, however I have yet to try one I don't like. The owners and staff are very friendly. I always feel welcome when I walk in. My order has never been messed up, so far, and they always have great recommendations when I can't make up my mind. The place is always clean and smells lovely. Decor has a modern twist on it. They have a few paper signs here and there that look a bit tacky but I'm just nitpicking at this point. Oh, did I mention they sell the best macaroons I have ever had!? Seriously, try one! It's only a dollar and some change.My review may be biased because I'm a huge fan of this place!
5	Seriously some of the best boba I've had ( and I've had boba all over Vegas and LA) the boba is cooked to perfection and the menu is extremely varied and has something for everyone. The only good boba in the centennial hills area by far. My personal favorite is the blended Thai tea with extra boba.  Usually go a few times a week and the customer service is excellent!!! Drinks take a while but it's well worth it.
4	Finally tried this place out on Saturday after driving by for years! It's nice to have a boba option close to home so that I'm not always having to drive to Chinatown! The staff is quick and my drink was out about a minute after I ordered and paid for it. I had a large coffee milk tea w/ boba. The drink had a great balance of milk and coffee and actually tasted like real coffee vs artificial flavoring. It also wasn't overly sweet as I have heard from other Yelpers. The boba was soft and chewy and not undercooked like most other boba spots. If anything their boba might have been a little on the overcooked side but not by much. They also serve sushi, macarons, and other snacks but I didn't try any because we had just eaten next door. Will be back for some more drinks here!
5	Happy to say that I'm a regular at this great tea cafe. I've tried boba tea at several locations in Las Vegas, and this place serves as the hidden gem of North West Las Vegas. The boba itself is always the perfect consistency and the varieties of tea here will not disappoint. Funnily enough, I almost always end up getting the mango green tea. The customer service is great, the people who work here are kind and personable. The food here is also great and more than reasonably priced. I just can't say enough good things about this place.
5	This is my hood tea spot. By hood I mean white suburban neighborhood. I've been coming a little more frequently. Usually I hit up the Spring Mtn spots. Their teas are just as good as any of those. I've had quite a few on the menu. Ordered the Macaroons last time and they were delectable treats. The atmosphere is ambient, very modern and relaxed. I dare yall to try the skill crane, I've almost won twice. I need to come hungry one of these times cause their food menu looks so good!!! Yakisoba fries!!!!??
4	Really gorgeous breakfast, everything looked good, but the pancakes were divine! Massive portions, but that's America! Taste was exceptional, one of the best places, for breakfast, I've ever eaten. The price was very good, about $40 for coffees and 2 lots of pancakes and that's including a generous, although normal, tip for America. Great atmosphere; quick and friendly service. Don't be put off by the queue; it moves quickly.
5	I drive across town for this place! Best aloe! Best meals! Best boba!  Best customer service! Just out  right amazing
2	This is an update review. This place is always busy and even when they are not busy, they take forever to make the drinks. Another thing is they are always out of boba!! How are you going to have a bubble tea business but always run out of boba?! I love their drinks but they really need to get their crap together!
5	Always friendly and helpful I have been coming here since they opened so glad to see this business bloom! They have so many options there's something for everyone!
5	The staff is always friendly and the teas are always very good. Closer to my new apartment than Chinatown ! I like that they offer hot boba teas too!
5	It's a little shop tucked away in the side but when I walked in the inside was very nicely decorated and the staff was exceptionally nice.
4	Great tasting, nutritiously delicious boba! Best place in Vegas. Friendly staff always willing to make the customer's request. Large variety of flavors and colors.
