5	Wow, while Noda Brewing Company is not quite officially open ( a few weeks down the line I've been told) it is out and about touting its delectable drafts at events. I was LUCKY enough to get to try some truly unique and delicious beers of theirs at the Brewer's Ball this past Saturday.My date RAVED about the Coco Loco Porter. It really was delicious and would make a great end (or beginning) to a nice meal. The wonderful brewers informed us that they make this using real toasted, organic coconut - YUM! My personal favorite was the Hop,Drop, N'Roll IPA - it had some really incredible floral/citrus notes and was tied with Four Friends Queen City Red as my two favorite beers of the night. As soon as this opens I will be there- and I suggest you are as well!
5	I attended the pre-party at the NoDa Brewing tap room last night (official opening is today at 3pm).  The venue is easy to find (right on North Davidson Street, about one mile north of I-277, across from Amelies).  The facility has a nice long bar that overlooks the brewing equipment (on the other side of a large expanse of windows). They were giving fun and informative tours, explaining how the beer is made.The beer on tap included three that were brewed right there behind the glass, and one small batch beer.  I understand there will be a different limited quantity / specialty beer every week. I think this brewery will complement the craft beer scene here in Charlotte.  I think the idea is to go with some beer styles that might just surprise you, and don't always fit the mold.  So fun and interesting beers should be showing up here.  The staff (and owners) were all really friendly and seemed genuinely interested in making sure folks were having a good time.
5	Yay for another micro-brewery in Charlotte and double yay because it's good!  The tasting/tap room was a little smaller than I expected so it got crowded, but it was definitely worth going and we will be back.  The limited edition "Deceiver" was very good and the Coco Loco was awesome.  They are officially open to the public now, so go check them out.
5	My wife and I attended the opening on 10/28 and were so glad we did. The tasting room is great, and the Coco Loco was worth waiting for.  Really pleased by the Red, too, which is a delicious session beer. All-in-all, it is a wonderful addition to the NoDa neighborhood. Can't wait to go back with friends sometime soon...
5	Beer happines!!!! NoDa brewery is officially open!!! I checked out their grand opening event. This is no secret. The place was PACKED. I also went back the following day and it was much more manageable.The details.The Pro's*Amazing beer. The most important aspect of a brewery. Check out the coconut porter. Honestly, I would not be raving about this place the amount that I am if the beer was just "meh". This beer is good. *On Tuesday's they said that they will have a small batch of experimental beers. This is the most exciting news ever. They said that they will post on twitter and facebook what type of beers they are brewing- so you know in advance if you want to check out the limited small batch of awesome brew. Amazing.*The tour was very informative and wasn't snotty. You can tell that they are excited about this. It is hard not to become enthusiastic with them.*They did an excellent job designing the inside of it. They gutted out a majority of it and obviously put in a lot of effort to it.*I see them around at a lot of events in Charlotte. They are always so professional. You can tell that they are in it to win it. I like that kind of ambition.*They have a TV- for the sporty people. The TV is not dominating though. Smart move, NoDa brewery.*They have this excellent garage door that can be opened up. This makes the tasting room feel larger and creates an excellent atmosphere.The Con's*No music. This creates a tense environment. Music is necessary. Even bad music (I did hear a rumor that they plan on having live bands)*No food. A huge pet peeve of mine. When I'm drinking the booze- I want something to snack on. Food trucks would do well here. (They did have pretzels on Sunday. Perhaps they had them on Saturday but the masses ate them before we arrived)*The parking is...sketchy. It is hard to know exactly where to park. It also has a creepy/industrial feel to it. I am DELIGHTED about this new addition in NoDa!
5	A great place with great beer!I came here with friends and had a great evening! The opening night on Oct 29 was crowded, which this fine establishment deserves! The brewers are really friendly and gave a tour of the facility, which only added to my desire to drink more.The Coco Loco porter is truly fantastic with hints of both toasted coconut and cocoa. It is filling though, which is the only downside, as it may limit one's intake of this ambrosia. All of this concentrated awesomeness comes at a price, but one I am more than willing to pay.I'll definitely be back to see what other delicious concoctions this brewery has to offer!
5	Newest craft brewery in Charlotte! #ncbeer
5	I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon after a wine tasting at total wine.  The hop drop and roll was delicious, if you are a hop head like me.  The brewery wasn't too crowded, but I came in while they were giving a tour.  I was impressed how many people were there though, and I can see why.  The beer is outstanding and there seems to be a rotating list.  I will definitely be back.  I've also heard that they have a small batch every Tuesday. Like almost everything in NODA, this place has an industrial feel, and it is difficult to find if it is your first time getting there.  Put the address in your GPS and it will take you right there.
5	NoDa Brewing has, in it's short time on this earth, become one of my favorite places in Charlotte.First and foremost they brew excellent beer. And they brew it about 2 miles from my house. And every single person involved loves brewing beer more than most people love their mothers. Two of these three things are integral to a quality craft brewery, the other is just a geographical bonus.But let's look past that. Every Tuesday they brew a new small-batch NoDable Series beer that you can only get at the tap room that night (and very occasionally the next day if the batch hasn't run out). Lavender coriander Belgian wit, breakfast stout, farmhouse IPA. They really take the opportunity to play around.The tap room is open in the late afternoon and evening so don't expect to park it here all night. Pop in after work to sample their wares and be on your way by 8. The beers run between $4 and $5.50 (maybe $5, i forget). So really, you are getting the best of both freshness and economy!...also, they leave pretzels on the bar. Because they are nice people.
5	NoDa Brewing has done just about everything right. From a solid location, nice online social presence, good beers, and great people, they are an excellent addition to the rapidly growing Charlotte beer scene. The tap room is a decent size space with a nice long bar to belly up to. Pretty limited hours, so don't expect to spend all night here.  i'm still yet to be in the right place at the right time to try their Hop, Drop, 'n Roll IPA, so i hope it doesn't let me down. But everything else i've had has been enjoyable: Coco Loco, NoDaRyeZ'd, 10 Blocks South. You can now find their beer all over Charlotte, but stopping by the brewery itself is probably worth your time. Especially with their Tuesday small batch releases, you get to try something new every week.
5	What a great addition to the area.  Seriously, I mean, its a "why didn't I think of that" kinda thing, like a snuggie.I'm still somewhat new to their beers so I havn't tried them all, but it will happen ASAP.  They had about 3 IPA's when I went, so I tried them all.  One was a brown IPA which is something that takes getting used to, but it was still a good beer.  The NoDa Rye'zd was my favorite, but I love hops, so be forewarned.  The hop drop and roll was the last I tried and that might be a better route for the non-hopheads out there.Its a quaint little spot with a big ole bar and a decent amount of tables.  The vibe is pure, you can see the beer being made, and all the people that love making it are very approachable.The beer is properly priced, but I sure would love a $2 pint night.  They also have growlers for sale.This review will be updated in the future.
4	This is one of those times that I wish I could give 4.5 stars, the place is definitely worth more than 4 stars, but not quite at the 5 star level...yetLocated in the cultural hub of Charlotte that is NoDa. Fairly easy to find, located on N. Davidson St. with very visible, eye catching signage.The place is fairly nice with ample seating. There is a long bar with a window showcasing the brewhouse behind it. Lots of seating at the bar, and several tables out on the rest of the floor. Clean in appearance, with a little bit of what I'm assuming is local art on the walls.The service was a little slow as the place was packed, but they were knowledgeable about the beers, and were eager to offer samples. I believe they had around 6-7 beers on tap; all of their normal rotation plus their weekly small batch experimental beer. This week the small batch was an Amber with chipotle peppers and chocolate. There was no food to be found, other than a small bowl of pretzel sticks at the bar. I think it would benefit them to have more snacks available or have some sort of food vendor close by. I know I don't like to sit around and pound beers without some sort of food to help soak up the alcohol.Overall, I really enjoyed the experience of visiting the brewery; attentive staff, good beer, and decent atmosphere all make for a great experience.
4	Love their beers. They have an excellent selection - all with different, unique flavors that make you think, "eh I dunno.." but give it a try! They're all fantastic. The Coco Loco is my absolute favorite because I tend to lean towards the porters every time. The Midnight Madness is a bit much for my taste; such strong flavor its a little difficult to drink - so sip away! The Hop Drop n Roll is exactly that - hoppy and light. They had a Chipotle Chocolate one time which was strong but had such a great blend of flavor.The staff is nice, helpful, and bubbly. In fact, we stayed a decent amount of time past closing on our last visit and they couldn't have been nicer about it. The brewery tour was fun and extremely informational. You wander through the process and wanna hit yourself for not thinking of it first. It closes early, but don't despair! Their beers are offered at all the other awesome bars in NoDa, so you can easily hop from bar to bar enjoying delicious, locally crafted beer.The only thing that stops me from giving it 5 stars is the limited seating. This place can sure get packed and it happens fast. All in all though, it's a fun atmosphere, excellent beer, and even when I have to push through the crowd to get to the bar and then find a place to stand, I've never left disappointed.
4	in what used to be somewhat of a no man's land between NoDa proper and uptown, NoDa Brewing Company has found a nice little home amongst the random light industrial and small office spaces on Davidson Street.i stopped by on a tuesday evening, when they unveil their smaller brews each week and enjoyed a tasty duble.  five and some change for such a beer is more than reasonable.  and everything that has crossed my lips from the brewery has been quite tasty, actually.i really like that fact that they have expanded their brand beyond what is considered NoDa and are garnering success throughout the CLT.  they also make it easier to enjoy their product elsewhere with growlers to go for about fifteen bucks.i am going to have to stop back and grab grub from the food trucks that they have stationed just outside to provide vittles while swilling delicious suds.  and courtney is always a breath of fresh air on the other side of the bar...
4	another good brewery in charlotte!!!
5	The first local brewery I have tried and I actually just ran in to grab a growler. I loved how big it was, the guy's running the bar were very friendly. I ended up getting the coco loco porter, which was very heavy bodied with tons of flavor. A very rich brew that did not pair well with the bison burgers I made since they too were heavy but it was such a good beer. When I go back I am trying everything!
5	I visited NoDa brewing co. on the pretense of making a beer outing seem more eventful for my friend and myself by going for the brewery tour!... That was silly. We had more fun sitting at the bar and sizing the place up than learning which big, silvery thing was the mashton. I like the mashton guessing game... It makes me look knowledgeable without being too know-it-allzy. My personal fav, which I sampled at the Common Market a couple weeks before, was the Coco Loco. I like them dark, sweet, and thick. I'm also excited to try the smaller experimental batches.. I'm also excited that they even do that AND that they are good sharers about it.
5	First time there last weekend for the NC Brewers & Music Festival Preview featuring Sol Driven Train.  It was a beautiful day, the side door was lifted open, the band was great, the people were friendly and the beers delicious.  I favored the Ramble on Red for a lighter beer, but then loved Coco Loco for a darker, richer flavor.  Not a bad way to spend the afternoon.  I could see spending more warmer days here.
4	This brewery has been open since October and is already looking at expanding 120%.  I took a tour that Matt gave on Saturday and it was really interesting.  They make a lot of hoppy beer that isn't exactly my cup of tea, but judging by the number of people there - a lot of people seem to enjoy it.They had a pretty neat setup with the Roots Food Truck that you could order from outside.  I'd like a better selection of beers, but for a brewery that is only 4 months old, I was impressed.
5	We were looking for a place to go for my husband's birthday and considering his love for all things beer, we settled on a NoDa Brewery. I emailed back and forth with Suzie, the owner, who was absolutely awesome. She reserved a table for us, organized a tour of the brewery, and was nothing short of helpful in every possible way with accomodating us and dealing with our crazy group. We were supposed to have dinner at the Crepe Cellar but with the gallery crawl going on and CIAA in town, and our group of 8, there was no chance of that happening. Lucky for us, NoDa Brewing has food trucks that come there and that night it was Maki Taco, who makes some pretty delicious Asian tacos of all sorts (I would write a whole other post on these guys, but the short review is that you need Maki Taco in your life. You won't be disappointed.) Suzie and her husband hooked us up with a brewery tour which my husband loved. The tour was only supposed to last a few minutes but again they accomodated us and let us hang with them longer in the back so my husband could ask all sorts of questions about the brewing process, which they happily answered. They had actually brewed a large batch of Coco Loco that day - a coconut chocolate porter that was super smooth and delicious. This was my drink of choice all night. Since my cake plans from a local bakery for my husband was totally screwed up (again, worth another post later,) I was SOL, but Suzie came through on this too - she happen to have 8 Irish Car Bomb Cucakes in the back from Fu Man Chu bakery that were OUT OF THIS WORLD, and my husband was a happy man. Summary: beer + asian taco food truck + irish car bomb desserts = prediction of how my summer Fridays will be spent. Toss in some live music, and it's a done deal. Thank you NoDa Brewing!!
4	I enjoy beer and generally, I enjoy wheat and coriander beers but Coco Loco is FUN! I personally can't sit all night and drink one after another of flavored mixes, so its a good thing they carry a variety that meet most palates. When I found out that there is multiple food trucks that park outside of the brewery on any given night, i fell in love. What a great link...great food and great beer. When they close, make your way down the street to the heart of NoDa!
1	If you like hoppy beers this the place. Nice try but i like OMB better!
5	NoDa Brewing is all about fun. Fun, delicious beer. Fun location. Fun owners and staff. And I like fun. I've been to the tasting room a few times and savored the brew at a variety of locations. The tasting room is perfect for a leisurely pint or an entire afternoon. Nope, I'm not judging. There are slick looking, wooden tables and a beautiful bar. And do be sure to check out the gorgeous mural on the back wall of the brewery. Suzie has a great story about that.As for the beer, I'm a big fan of the Coco Loco - it's a meal in a glass. I believe it's $5 for a four pack sample, so you can really try out a smattering of beers for a super affordable price. All the beers are made with care, so it's worth your while to try them all. And if you're lucky, you'll spy a food truck outside so you can grub with your brew. If you're lucky enough to hit up the tasting room when they are toasting the coconut for the Coco Loco, be sure to enjoy the free smells. Who wouldn't want to inhale a Mounds bar?
5	One of the better breweries I've ever visited. What a great space. The staff is awesome, the seating is awesome, the bar is awesome, the location is awesome and  the BEER IS AWESOME. We had the pleasure of stopping in just in time for a tour of the brewery. Matt and Todd are super cool guys. They teach you so much about what you're drinking. Definitely worth the time if you have it. They do it right here. Everything is done with an explanation. Ask Todd or one of the brewers. They'll give you the whole story and more if you let them. When you sit at the bar, ask for a flight. They'll let you sample everything they've tapped in the back. Great way to find what your range of hops is. My wife really appreciate this. When it comes to a new brewery in town, it's good to see what their range is. Very generous. This place rolls out a litany of beers every month. The best I've had so far are Midnight Madness, Hop, Drop & Roll, CoCo Loco and any of the NoDaryzed series. Stop in for a few pints and definitely stick around and enjoy the atmosphere. Grab a growler on your way out. Pretty sure refills are anywhere from $12-$13. Great deal. When the taproom is open, stop in for a quick beer. Always a great time and never as crowded as some of the other NoDa bars.
5	I've been lucky enough to be able to entertain clients here a few times on Limited Edition Tuesdays.   Wow it's fun. There isn't a bad beer on top and the head brewer loves HOPS.  Take the tour and I guarantee you will be jealous of his passion and dedication to his craft.  They idolize the same breweries I do (Bells, Stone, Dogfish, etc) and don't hold back with the creativity. I hear there is a waiting list for restaurants to be able to carry their beer in town.....FINALLY craft beer making a real run in Charlotte.  Bout time...
5	My wife and I visited the NoDa Brewing Company on 4/28/12.  I have had some, if not most of their beers before around the city, but this was my first visit to the brewery.  First thing I noticed was the overall energy of the place, which was fun and lively, as people were playing cornhole outside enjoying their beers, hanging out and some were in line for food from The Tin Kitchen food truck. Before going inside, we picked up some tacos from The Tin Kitchen (please see other review), and we headed inside for some beer.  We sat at the bar and were promptly served.  I was looking for something new, so I went with the Ghost Hop white IPA.  My wife, who is not really a beer drinker, ordered a Coco Loco after I recommended it as her best bet based on their menu. I found mine very refreshing with a light hoppy flavor, and my wife thoroughly enjoyed her beer for its coconut flavor.  Their whole menu offers 7 distinctive beers, each with their characteristic flavor, and they do fill growlers.As far as the service, it was top notch to go along with the top notch beer.  In my opinion,  NoDa Brewing offers the best local craft brews in town, and I look forward to future visits and new beers being added to their repertoire.
5	So great to have an amazing local brewery! This beer rivals any of the big names in micro brew beers. I love their Belgian IPA, and they frequently have food trucks outside the taproom now.
5	One sip of fresh Coco Loco and I'm still thinking about it weeks later. This local brewery seriously impressed my unsuspecting taste buds with the chocolatey, malty porter. What makes it so uniquely awesome? Oh you know, just the sweet roastiness of toasted coconut. Chocolately, coconutty, rich but gulpable porter, YUM.Nestled in the part of town I'd likely move to were I to transfer to Charlotte, NoDa Brewing features a handful of homemade brews sure to pique any palate. You can pop by at 4pm and indulge in some post-work pints in a clearly bustling local's spot. While the brewery doesn't offer food, there's a cleverly stationed food truck right outside.It's a great spot to hang and chat up the locals.
5	Hooray (local) beer! It great to see Charlotte finally coming into its own in the craft beer scene, and we have some amazing neighborhood brews to choose from, with NoDa being the top of my list.Most importantly, the beer is good. Very good. As a former professional lush whose craft and import beer samplings number in the hundreds, I can safely attest that NoDa is becoming one of my favorites. The red is refreshing with just enough bite, Coco Loco is everything a dark beer should be, and the summer offering, Nodajito, I can't get enough of. If the city would let me, I'd prefer my house water supply be sourced from the brewery instead.Speaking of, what a cool place to hang out! Plenty of room inside, even when it's crowded, with lots of funky art on the walls. I've never been by when the picnic tables outside haven't been full and there is always a game of cornhole being played. You can usually find Maki Taco or Autoburger parked out front for your fooding delights, too. The staff is friendly and fun, rounding out the experience.I'm incredibly glad NoDa Brewing is here and hope to see them stay for quite a while.
4	First visit and I got to say I'm a bit underwhelmed.  I think it's partial to the bothersome stare I got when ordering or maybe it was the lack of beer I really like.  It's apparent that people really dig this place because of it's popularity but I guess I'll just have to go against the grain a bit here.I think the place has potential to be great and amongst brewery's locally I'd say this is probably the best in terms of beer selection and decent seating.  Other than that I'm not that impressed.I'm still posting 4 stars just based on my priority ranking of other brew houses in the area.
4	Popped in here on a recent Saturday afternoon and was super excited to see the place jammed!  There is a huge long bar where you make your order.  (It looked to me as tho there is no table service.)They have tasting flights available (IPA or Non-IPA available).  Beer preference is personal - we all have different likes and dislikes.  I couldn't find one I was in love with :-(  I tried all the IPAs and Non-IPAs.  Probably it had something more to do with the beer being luke-warm.  I get it that it is smokin hot out and it is probably hard to keep the beer super cold but geez.  I want to go back and try the beer again - I am sure there is a hidden gem that will fit my fussy palette. It is a super venue with plentiful parking in the back and super nice bartenders.  TVs are all around the room so you can park it and have a few with your friends!  Love local breweries and I will definitely be back.
4	I've been on a microbrew kick for a while (haven't we all), so any chance I get to explore new breweries when I'm in a new city, I'm the first one in the car. NoDa is (almost) everything you would want in a brewery. Great selection of beers (multiple IPAs), and regulars as well as employees who love where they work. Every time I go in, it's packed with people. The inside area is a little small, and what they really need is a nice outside seating area. Nothing's better than enjoying a nice day or night outside drinking an iced cold brew. Their outside seating needs improvement . I've tried almost all of the beers, and although I haven't fallen in love with a specific beer yet, there are a few I really like (the Amber, all of the IPAs, and the Pale Ale). I'm always a fan of Porters, but their's just didn't hit the spot for me. This made me really sad, because I've read all of the rave reviews about the Coco Loco! NoDA gets an A in my book!
4	Spent a week in Charlotte, toured numerous breweries in and around Charlotte and also took a day-trip out to Asheville.  Had some good beer in quite a few places, but I think NoDa was my favorite brewery of them all.  The Charlotte area breweries realize they have to step up their game with "Beer City USA" only a 2 hour ride away.  NoDa has some innovative brews you may or may not enjoy (GhostHop the WhiteIPA is solid, NoDajito not so much, but innovative none the less)  The rest of their portfolio CoCoLoco, Woody and Wilcox, Monks Trunks are really well balanced, excellently brewed craft beers.  The tap room is clean and welcoming and the staff is attentive.  Didn't get a chance to do the brewery tour...  if you've seen one, you've seen them all.  Definitely go here if you are in Charlotte and looking for good beer. Added bonus:  Birdsong Brewery is just across the street.  Two great breweries in a single stop!
4	NoDa is already well-known for culturally relevant locales: Amelie's, Revolution Pizza, Neighborhood Theater and the like. Therefore, it is only natural that Charlotteans gather 'round and support a solid business like Noda Brewery!The owners (husband & wife) are super-nice, and even offered a free tour after I expressed interest in their business. The ambiance is perfect for tasting delicious brews, which they have in abundance!  I am a fan of their IPAs and Pale Ales, although most people tend to go after their Belgian Ales & Porters. Support craft beer! More suggestions for delicious brews in CLT:1) Four Friends Brewery2) Old Mecklenburg Brewery3) Birdsong Brewery (right next door!)
5	I absolutely love this place.  Hidden little gem on N. Davidson St.  Very industrial interior with some cool local artwork.  Place is very laid back.  And the beer is delicious!!  I've been a big fan of The Monks Trunks.  If you're not sure what to get, like I usually am, go with a flight.
5	I recently ordered a keg from Noda Brewery for an event I was hosting at my house. I will continue to spread the good word to friends and family about this gem and I will order from them in the future if I should need another keg.I was allowed to taste the delicious beers they have on draught, finally making a decision to go with their Belgian-styled Pale Ale, Monk's Trunks. I would highly recommend this for a party-pleasing beer. The owners and employees were super helpful and I am thrilled to support something so wonderful AND local.
4	A friend tricked me into meeting him here one Wednesday night!  Little did I know that NoDa has a run club that meets up here on, wouldn't you know it, Wednesday night!!!  So, after a brisk 3-mile run, I had an opportunity to sample the various concoctions the Brewing Co had to offer.  I was pleasantly surprised by the fresh, crisp flavors the brews had to offer.  I started with a pilsner, moved on to an ale, and ended with a delicious NoDajito-a summer special!They often have a food truck out front to get your grubbin' fix on as well.Great beer, great service, great company!Noosh!
5	Excellent, fresh, tasty, creative beers. So glad to have this place in my backyard. Great place to chill with a frosty beverage.
4	I really enjoyed my visit to NoDa Brewing Company. I was very happy to learn the amount of breweries popping up around NoDa. I wanted to try more than one brewery but on this particular night it wasn't in the cards. I ordered the Rye which I loved. RyeIPA's are my favorite type of beer. This was full flavor and absolutely delicious. I would recommend it to any hop lover. I also tried the CocoLoco Porter. It was very rich and creamy. The chocolate and coffee flavors were very strong which was fitting for a cold night. I would like to return so I can sample more of the beers here.The interior was lacking a bit but with beer this great you don't need much else--besides who goes to a brewery for the decor. The wall art was very cool though! I would like to see the space progress as the brewery grows. They also had a band  but I cannot attest to the quality as we got their for the last 45 minutes of pours so things were wrapping up.
5	Great beer! The best most informative beer tour I have been on, and I have been on many. The owner Todd is down to earth and knowledgable. I feel this brewery is going to grow and prosper.
4	Even though I used to work fairly close by to NoDa, I rarely had the opportunity to have a night out on the town.  I am very thankful for the night I spent with some friends and family at NoDa Brewery.  It was the first of many locations we visited that night, but it set us up for a great adventure. When we arrived parking was simple, there was a big gravel lot behind the buildings where we could park, no need for evasive maneuvers in parallel parking!  Upon entering the establishment, the atmosphere was very laid back, with a free live band playing in one corner.  The space was modest, as all the tables were occupied but not all the seats were filled.  We decided to wait until one freed up by ordering a round at the bar.  The chalkboard to the left was done beautifully and explaining all the creative options in great detail.  Each beer was on average $4.5 per pint, but most of those beers were well over 6% alcohol.  The bartenders were quick and efficient in filling customer orders and by the time we got our first round, we already negotiated with a departing patron for their table.My first drink was the Coco Loco Porter and I was stoked.  It was a very smooth mellow porter with an evasive coconut  taste lingering in the aftermath.  Next was the Midnight Madness, a dark ale resembling an IPA.  It was a very interesting brew.  You can certainly taste the pellet hops in every sip, cascading all over the taste buds.  I finally had the Hope Stout, a milk stout. I was very willing to buy a pint  just because a portion of the proceeds goes to March Forth with Hope. The back drop of the bar offered a full view of the commercial brewing equipment and the place has some very funny animal art work on the walls/ along with two big screens.  The bathrooms were small, but the facilities were immaculate.  After finishing our last rounds, we packed it up to visit the food truck nestled directly outside before going to Bird Song Brewery right next door!  Awesome location!
5	Great beer, the tour is short but good and knowledgeable. Runner's night is cool and busy. The food truck is a great addition, get there early.
5	What else can you say about this place but amazing.  Great service, beers, and people.  Laid back environment with a comfortable feel.  Lately this place has gotten really crowded and I know why!  Everyone that works here is friendly and willing to go above and beyond.  Luckily, my wife has found a new beer(Cold Crash) she can drink while we are here, otherwise I would not be here as often.  Plenty of breweries in town but this one is on top.
5	I was just writing a review for Triple C and realized I have never written a review for Noda. Personally, this is hands down, my favorite brewery in Charlotte. I am an IPA drinker so maybe I am a little biased as they have an abundance (but never to many in my opinion) of IPA's. I prefer their original nodaryzed myself but also enjoy the Woody and Wilcox, Ghost Hop, and the new Pacific Reign. All are super hoppy and just the way I love them to be. All are higher gravity so be careful. They typically have one of the amazing food trucks of Charlotte in there parking lot too, as well as a grill outside for you to bring your own meats to grill out.
5	This is a fun place to grab a drink with friends. Not good for a group of more than 4 as it is often crowded on the weekends and hard to hear anything unless someone is standing next to you. Oh, and the beer is wonderful. They also have food trucks on the weekend, which is nice if you like to nosh while you slosh.
5	Best beer Charlotte has to offer. In a city that is up and coming in craft beer, this brewery is heads an shoulders above its competition.
4	I don't drink beer but I often meet friends here who do because their beer selection and quality are top notch. I will say that I am in love with the decor of this place even though I'm not a beer drinker.
4	Come for the beer. Stay for more beer!I love beer... a lot. This is a good spot for beer lovers. NoDa has a nice selection of good beer that is brewed right behind the bar. I had a beer flight and enjoyed every beer that I picked out. Nice atmosphere full of more beer lovers.
4	I'm not sure if it was just because we are not familiar with this area, but we completely missed the parking in the back, so know there is parking in the back. We actually parked in the Amelie's parking lot, which when you're walking in the dark the sidewalks can be kind of sketch feeling. When we did get there they had a food truck in the back which seemed to have more people than inside. We got here at around 8 on a Saturday, not sure if that is how it normally is, but it was find with us because we could hang out at the bar. My husband is very indecisive and takes a while deciding on new beer. Our bartender was so patient with him. Letting him try anything and everything he wanted and making suggestions. We stayed there until they closed, it actually took my husband about until 9:15 to finish his pint (slow that day :) ). They made last call, but our bartender was kind enough to offer a half pint so that hubs could try another beer, but we wouldn't be there until 11. Great place to go to sample local flavors. They also allow dogs which was very entertaining to me.
4	I've been looking forward to checking this place out, but we rarely venture down to Charlotte. With some family in tow we decided to head to NoDa Brewing on St. Pattys Eve on our way back from a sightseeing trip downtown.NoDa is conveniently located next to Birdsong Brewing, making the two places like a mini pub crawl. I really liked the vibe of the place, which gives off a very laid back feeling. There is a small outdoor patio area and a huge interior with plenty of seating to go around, both at the abundant tables and large bar area. There is a huge chalk board listing all the available beers, but for some reason I totally ignored the second half of the board, thus missing a good chunk of the available brews. There must have been at least ten beers available on tap, all of which are made in house. They also do a short tour of the inner workings of the brewery at 5pm, but we were on our way out when it started so we passed on it.I've had several of NoDa's beers at different restaurants in the area, and it was neat to be able to see where the flavorful ales, stouts and porters are made. I was a bit let down by the lack of food available directly by the brewery, but there was a food truck parked outside to satisfy that need. The laid back atmosphere make it a great place to sit back and relax with friends, family and a brew or two. Now that I've been here I'll definitely be coming back.
5	I like this local brewery a lot.  I wasn't much of a beer aficionado prior to living in Charlotte, but something about this place reminded me how much I like beer.  Well, not "something", rather it was their excellent beer selection.  Monk's Trunk and Midnight Madness were my two favorite.  Forgot which night we came but stopped through with a group of people on a trivia night.  We caused a mini-ruckus getting everyone from our group situated as they came and left, but the staff and owners were patient with us.  We lost the three trivia categories--SNL, capitol cities, and "Name that Tune", but got some prizes for scoring well on word puzzle thing.  Overall, a fun night.  I was hoping that they wouldn't ask what the capitol of South Korea was because I didn't know it--classic case of overthinking the situation. =(Real nice casual night with a good crowd of people of drinking beers and playing games--pretty much awesome, right?dmo out
5	What?  Carolina can brew?  Who would have thought?  And NoDa is pouring some of the best quality brews I've had in my visit to North Carolina the land of Nascar and macrobrews. NoDa is like No Duh?  Yes they have great beer.  If you can make it out to the tasting room (only a $8 cab from uptown Charlotte), they will serve you a flight of their tasters to find your favorite.  I was impressed at the quality of all that I tried.  My tasting notes (your mileage may vary):Ramble on Red = Ramble on Smooth and tastyWoody and Wilcox = and excellent medium hop IPAMidniight Madness Black IPA = good, but I craved more hopsCoco Loco = very tasty coconut porter and a GABF silver medal winnerHop Drop and Roll IPA = nice and hoppy and 7.2% ABV (be careful)Bottom line, if you see NoDa on a restaurant menu, you won't be disappointed.
4	This is a great local brewery with fantastic variety regarding tap selection. Their IPA"s are excellent and the atmosphere is okay with a rustic kind of theme.My only complaint would be that the service is slow (at least when I was there) which made getting another round or paying my tab a lengthy endeavor.
5	Beer was delicious (had the Jam Session) and the atmosphere was great. Very much enjoyed the run club as well with the beer outside to follow!
3	Maybe I don't understand some sort of liquor license regulation but it makes no sense that this place closes at 9:30pm on a Friday night. You'd think the extra money spent to satisfy the liquor people would be worth it. Live music, a food truck, beer, open space to drink with friends, it's a perfect mix of pleasure. It would be nice if they had more outdoor seating though. Maybe some benches that line that cement wall. Just sayin.
5	Best run club in the city on Wednesdays! Social event of the weekAlso their Craft beer is no questions asked the best in the city. From favorites like Hop drop and roll to new selections like the Jam Session Pale ale and Noda'jito which is a tasty lime/mint infused beer, I am never disappointed in my post run beverages!
4	Some strange beers made here.  Really liked the coco loco porter.
5	The staff is always kind. The beer is always creative and their events are top notch. They seem to always be ahead of the curve. NoDa Brewery sets the bar. Perfect brewery for the trendy neighborhood the reisde in. Beer is delicious and check out the taproom.
5	Dear NoDa Brewing,I know we have not known each other that long but I thought you should know that I think I am in love. I mean, you always find a way to make me smile, whether it be pouring me the hoppy goodness of your Hop, Drop and Roll or the yummy, smooth Ramble on Red. You always make sure there is plenty to eat with your variety of Food Trucks or just having bar snacks available (Hello Cape Cod chips)! You are the perfect Saturday (or Tuesday) date!While I know you have a love affair with plenty of Charlotte people (I know, I have seen the other Yelp reviews) and that is okay, I just want you to know that I have a soft spot in my heart for you and probably always will. Cheers!All my (beer) love,Paula
4	Great beer fun atmosphere!  The service is a little slow but over all a great experience! I just moved to Charlotte so this was a nice way to experience some local flavor!
4	What's not to love?- Great local brews (my favorite is CoCo Loco)- Creative brewers- Great industrial space- Partnership with food trucks for quick, easy fare whilst drinking- Location in proximity to the heart of NoDaI'm always stopping in on Sunday afternoons to grab a growler while the crew is at King of Pops. Hooray for NoDa Brewing!
5	For awhile, NODA was solidly in second place when it came to my rankings of Charlotte breweries (behind the amazing Birdsong brewery). Their new beer, Hot Pistol, might help them edge out Birdsong in my mind. This pint of heaven is made with chocolate, raspberries, and habaneros. Its like eating a spicy raspberry truffle. AMAZING. Their coconut porter, Coco Loco is also excellent. They have a run club on wednesday nights which sadly, I have not been able to attend thanks to my work schedule, but Ive heard its a lot of fun. They dont serve food but they often will have a delicious food truck parked out back (The Tin Kitchen is the best one). They dont stay open as late as most bars so go early so you can have your fill of yummy beer before the 10 pm last call
3	Hot pistol is great
4	Great neighborhood brewery, I truly felt at home the moment I walked through the door.  The people and beer make this place a success, and dogs are welcome which is a huge plus.
4	I was SO excited to try Noda and they certainly lived up to my expectations! Ths was my first time here, so I got a flight - Coco Loco, Ramble on Red, Gordgeous and . ..  oh no, I forgot the 4th! Anyway, I loved all the beers, but the Gordgeous really stood out to me the most. You can also order a mix of beers called Drop Dead Gordgeous, which my friend ordered - tasty!This brewery is very popular, so it was crowded, loud and hard to flag down a bartender. Regardless, it was a still a fun place to hang out for an afternoon!
4	You can really taste the inspiration that Dogfish Head and Founders had on NoDa Brewing Company.  The Hop, Drop 'n Roll is a sharp and citrusy IPA while the  Woody & Wilcox IPA has a bit more gentle earthiness to it.  The Coco Loco was the first NoDa beer I ever tried.  Bold and subtle at the same time, this beer would be a great campfire replacement for smores.  Many of the other beers I've tried are strongly built and carry their own weight while mingling with the others.The inside of NoDa BC is a typical taproom.  There are tables and a bar.  The patrons are an ensemble of culture as you'll find many types of people here.  Mostly people that take beer seriously, though.I can't say there is anything that puts NoDa over the top.  It feels like a work in progress...or maybe that's because the beer hasn't really knocked my socks off yet. I do know that I like this place and will come back again.Try:  The Coco Loco (I know...you don't like the gimmicky porters...but try it anyhow)Avoid:  Being one of the smokers huddled under the awning when it rains outside
5	Probably the best local brewery. It has a good variety of beers, but not only that, the seating and staff are phenomenal!
5	Wow. What else can I say. I always make it a point to visit microbreweries when I am traveling. NoDa ranks at or near the top of my list. From the moment you arrive, you know that it's all about the beer. There isn't a kitchen -- fortunately there was a food truck outside during our visit. But I was glad to have a beer at a brewery that focuses on being a brewery and not a restaurant. I had the Hop, Drop & Roll and Jam Session. I preferred the Hop Drop, but both were great  beers. My wife had the Gord-gious (pumpkin), which was good also but not my thing. If I'm back in town, I'm coming back to NoDa.
5	Oh, I love NoDa Brewing so much! It is by far one of the best breweries in Charlotte.We came here last night simply to drop off an empty keg. Yes, keg.......we like our beer! (The keg was a Ramble on Red.) However, we ended up staying for one drink, which then turned to two drinks haha.Both my husband and I had the Gord-geous, which is their seasonal pumpkin beer. I believe there is only a few kegs left of it and then it will be tapped out for the year. They are replacing the Gord-geous seasonal with a winter spiced beer. While sitting there drinking our beer, they announced that they were going to do a tour. They do tours during the week at 6pm. So, we decided to join in.  The tour was very interesting and the tour guide was excellent. They are just venturing out into the world of canning beers and it was neat to see that in progress.We stayed for a second beer and watched an art exhibition/fundraiser that was going on in the tasting room. We both got the Hop Drop and Roll, which is incredible! I love this place because it has a chill atmosphere, there is always a food truck in the back, the beers are spot on, and parking in the back is plentiful! They are doing some incredible things in the beer world there and I cant wait to watch them further expand and grow in the future.
5	I FINALLY made an effort to visit NoDa Brewery, and what an evening I picked. It just happened to be their second anniversary. The place was absolutely crowded. I initially intended to sample a flight, but customers were two deep at the bar, so I postponed that experience for another time. I wanted to try two beers especially: the CoCo Loco and the Hop, Drop, and Roll. Since it was their anniversary, they had a special version of CoCo Loco, which was a Rum Barrel Aged Imperial Coco Loco. It was extremely smooth, dark, and refreshing. NoDa Brewing had several, one barrel, limited editions on tap to celebrate their anniversary. Tuesday, 10/29/13, would be a great time to visit NoDa Brewing.I also grabbed a four pack of Hop, Drop, and Roll in cans. I put one on ice when I got home and I paired it with several of Le's Sandwich: Banh Mi. The Hop, Drop, and Roll was extremely flavorful, with a strong hop character, but it wasn't overly bitter. I enjoyed this beer a lot, and I had to fight temptation to drink a second one. (I did enjoy a Fat Tire that I had in the fridge though. LOL)The men's restroom was CLEAN. The table areas were CLEAN. The bar was CLEAN. I was too full to visit the on site food truck, doggone it!There is plentiful overflow parking across the street, and that's where I parked. I will be back here soon for that flight that I promised myself. Plus, I really want to take their tour. This was my initial experience with NoDa Brewing, but to quote Casablanca, I can already tell that "this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
5	The beers here are way upper upper top shelf. The mad scientist, Mad Chad, has concocted a many of fabulosos to tickle thou taste buds. This is an A+ place to enjoy at anytime when they are open. Or try their beers at the many local bottles shops in and around the Charlotte metro area............
5	Great bar with lots of beers and a friendly staff. A good place to go watch football on Sundays. They have a huge selection of their beers. All different flavors, they have something for everyone.
5	Want good Local Beer, want to see it being made, and want to talk to the people who make it? Then come here and have a blast.  We came for there seasonals, and they had 2 great winter beers on tap.  (Winter and Xmas Special).  It was a rainy day and the place had a great atmosphere with all the other people who showed up to drink the crappy weekend away.Outside you can run to the food truck to get some food, after putting down a couple of pints. The place is large and you have great views of the Brew House.  If they are not to busy ask about a brewery tour.
5	The second stop on our NoDa neighborhood brew tour adventure, this place had the best beer overall in my opinion, as far as variety, and actual flavor. They had a lot of beers on tap and several imperial versions of their ales. My favorites were the imperial Coco Loco (porter) and the Imperial Pumpkin (I think it was called Drop Dead Gorgeous?). Flights were a little pricier here, $7 for four 4oz samples. Pints were about $5.   One really interesting flavor was the Tart beer, which was apparently a Berlin-style Weis beer. I was expecting a wheat but this was anything but. It was interesting, super-tart, a sample was good, but I probably couldn't drink a pint of it. The pale ale was really hoppy, almost an IPA, I liked it though.  This place was not as popular as the other local breweries among my group (mostly light beer drinkers), the brews we got here were very strong and had a lot of flavor. I personally liked it the most, but if you are into lighter styles some of their options may not be as enjoyable.
4	NoDA is a great brewery with very good beer. Great atmosphere and good prices.
4	NoDa had the highest reviews of any brewpub in Charlotte on Beer Advocate, so I had high expectations going in. And while I think it's certainly a solid establishment, it's completely overrated online. Probably because Charlotte is new to the whole microbrewery scene and doesn't really understand what's outside of North Carolina.As far as taprooms go that are attached to the actual brewing operations, NoDa has their space down. Lots of exposed brick, an open floor plan, easy access to the bar, a few televisions, and a seemless integration of being both hip and mellow. It's certainly a great place to hang out.As far as the beer goes, however, I found their offerings a bit lacking. They have plenty of options - ranging from the traditional categories and meandering into sours and barrel-aged brews - but all of them completely failed to captivate me. Don't get me wrong, it's all very good, but it's all more of a B+ range than a solid A.I tried everything they had in samples and settled on a full pour of an oak-aged ale - I don't recall the specific brand now. In any event, it wasn't great. If it were, I'd have made a point to remember.The bartenders are helpful though, steering me toward the cask aged version of the brew rather than the regular version I had originally ordered. And the food trucks outside are pretty solid too. But in the end, I've been to better spots, although it is definitely the best option in Charlotte proper from what I've tasted.
4	This place is cool. Super friendly they are really trying to grow the craft beer community in Charlotte. Lots of great beers and feel free to combine them for more options. With local regulations the only food is from a food truck in the parking lot but they usually have a good truck parked out there. Great spot to meet friends, listen to music or just drink great local beer.
3	Can't believe that I waited so long to come to this Charlotte brewery.... A staple in the lineup of local craft breweries in our lovely city.  I've had NoDa Brewing's beer, although not a huge fan---although it's definitively better than a Natural Light or some other generic domestic. This time I ventured here to meet up with a friend and had my better half and 8 week old daughter in tow.  Surprisingly, it was spacious inside and there was a good guitarist playing. I ordered a Tart Attack and WOW, that was puckering!!!! Wished I had paired it with a darker ale to take the edge off! Overall, we had a nice time; the crowd was super friendly and the bar staff was attentive and warm. It's just I'm more of a Triple C girl ;)
5	Wow. Okay- I wrote my first review about this brewery years ago. Here is my amazing update:1. This is seriously one of my favorite places in Charlotte. I am greeted with such happy people whenever we swing by. 2. My amazing Chihuahua, Bruce, is adored as much as he should be. They recognize his greatness. That, obviously, makes me thrilled (check by the register for a small portrait of Bruce!)3. REMEMBER HOW I COMPLAINED ABOUT PARKING? That was dumb of me. There is so much parking now.4. REMEMBER HOW I COMPLAINED ABOUT FOOD? That was dumb of me. This places almost always has a food truck. Seriously- if you want food- there is usually food.5. The beer is still incredible. They are passionate about brewing a good beer and they are successful at it.6. COMMUNITY- they are always involved in something with the community. Sometimes it is art. Sometimes it is NoDa related. Sometimes it is to help people. But they are always doing something by either creating a community space or giving back. I'm a social worker and a sucker for that.
4	A brewery in NoDa - thank you.  The tasting room is very large and can handle tons of people - the beer selection is great and I am happy to support the local brew joints.  If you are a fan of beer - this is a must do.
3	Atmosphere and staff are legit. I liked the beer enough and a lot of people we spoke to raved about it but from what I had it just wasn't for me. I like how connected to the community this place feels but will be snobby and continue to cling to my west coast brewery bias.
3	Ordered the sampler and got to try four different beers. Got a free beer cuz they couldn't do a tour when I asked to go on one. Great place to try different beers and improve palate
5	What's not to love about NoDa? Award winning beer, laid back atmosphere. A must for anybody looking for a beer. Staff is very friendly, and beers won't break the bank.
5	Love your beer. Coco loco is a great porter. the Cavu summer lager is lovely (is it a lager I cant recall but its light and golden..) Jam session is a fantastic pale ale, love the can. Love your bar. I just have to say that your NoDa logo just doesnt convey that you're one of the best breweries in NC. The dark colors and the leaves...needs a facelift.
5	The best micro in Charlotte.  The IPA is tasty and the selection is large for a micro.  They have a brew for any taste.
5	If you've never been in, you must try their Hop Drop and Roll IPA. This beauty just won gold at the 2014 World of Beer competition for the world's best IPA. (Read on: http://www.charlotteobserver.com/2014/04/14/4841234/noda-7-other-nc-breweries-win.html#.U4CoFx29LCQ)Last night I tried their Belgian trippel and fell in love. I typically leave the feisty Belgians to the Belgians, but this one clocked in over 9% and I wasn't disappointed. Also, most nights they have a food truck outside to satiate the masses in the small lot outside. I hope one day they extend seating outdoors to accommodate the crowds. I'm excited to return and try the rest of their impressive lineup.
4	I came here with my husband one Saturday around 12:00 which was the perfect time. We had beat the crowd but by the time left at 1:30 there was a line to order and no places to sit! We both tried flights and got 8 different options, I really liked their Nodajito even though that isn't my normal style. I also liked their Haulin Oats, good hops flavor. It is worth it to note that they don't serve food but there was a food truck outside. I am not sure how often they do that but it was pretty awesome having it close by.
5	This is the best brewery in the Queen City, hands down.  There is always a wide variety of brews available with seasonal additions along with the staple beers including the award-winning Hop Drop N' Roll IPA.  Some other favorites are Jam Session Pale Ale and Ramble on Red.  NoDa has recently started canning beers so you can find them at a lot of local grocery stores which is awesome.  The atmosphere in the brewery is pretty lively and it fills up not long after it opens, especially on the weekends.  They've had to open up some additional parking across the street to accommodate the growing crowd.  There is the indoor brew hall area and an outside area with cornhole boards and whatnot.  You will not find food here, but there are food trucks that post up right there in the parking lot.  There's a schedule on the NoDa Brewery website so you can keep track of which trucks are coming and when.  Word on the street is that they will be looking to expand soon!  I don't know what that would mean for the current location but hope that they keep it because it has become a staple of the neighborhood in a very short period of time.
5	This is the best beer in town!
5	Best Brewery in Charlotte. Hop Drop and Jam Session are amazing beers. The run club is great as well. Definitely check this place out.
4	NoDa beers are awesome!  I haven't had one I don't like.  The only downside is that there isn't any food here.  The upside is the food truck parked outside.  Pretty awesome.  I don't know if it's always the same but when we were there it was the Maryland Crab & Company (very tasty).I definitely recommend NoDa Brewing whether it's at the brewery or at a bar.
5	This is my favorite brewery in Charlotte. The bar at the brewery is very laid back and friendly. There's usually a food truck which gives an open feel to roam over and checkout Birdsong. I try to make a growler refill run once a week and sometimes I pick up an order at King if Pops too. I can't wait till they start canning coco loco!
4	Great beer. Lots of seating, inside and out.The bartenders were very attentive, even with a super-huge crowd - they were hosting a 5k.They had a great food truck outside, which meant I could have 3-4 beers instead of just 1 or 2.I wish I were in Charlotte more often now.If my sister reads this, sorry, I want to come visit you in Charlotte more often too.
4	Visited this place after a weekend spent in Charlotte while house hunting for my relocation. I had the hop drop and roll and although I was pressed for time to catch my flight I could only fit 1 beer in my visit which was great. It was relaxing and I was able to see the brewery behind the bar. The area surrounding noda reminded me of Wynwood in Miami. I definitely recommend this place to any beer lovers.
2	I love the beer, but the service is not great. The bartender couldn't be bothered to explain the beers in a flight and walked away when we ordered a beer they were out of. Take note from birdsong and be thankful for your customers.
3	Ok, very young and the tables are all sticky. Wish they would clean up a bit more. The beer is ok, I have had better.
3	I decided to stop over here with family after a day of shopping at the South Park Mall. An emergency visit was necessitated for a few reasons: One, their Hop, Drop 'N Roll (an awesome West Coast IPA), won the gold medal at the World Beer Cup in Denver 2014 as an American IPA, and has been in very high demand since. Two, the citra hops they use in the Hop, Drop have been at a shortage, therefore they no longer supply that beer to my local area, only in the Charlotte market. So, we had to go here after I couldn't even find any at the "Taj MaTeeter" in the Morrocroft Village in South Park. Might as well stop messing around and go right to the source.The place was (happily) not very busy when I went there. No frills, very bare bones, but good beer. Their flights were good. We particularly enjoyed the Jam Session Pale Ale, and CAVU. I got my two 4 packs of Hop, Drop, we shared a flight, and it was a nice, productive visit. I would highly recommend visiting the brewery if you like world class West Coast IPA's. Getting some Hop, Drop, 'N Roll will be a real treat if you do visit. Also, if you want to avoid lines, I'd highly recommend going during the week just shortly after they open (around 4:30-5:30). I can imagine that this place is packed on the week-ends.
5	Charlotte's best brewery offers a fantastic selection of local brews, from their award-winning Hop, Drop & Roll Double IPA to their delicious Ramble on Red. The bartenders are extremely helpful, and the atmosphere fun and lively (though a bit loud). I've tried beers from all over the world, and I still think the Queen City has some of the best micro brews around. NoDa is in a class all its own, and any beer lover should make this one of their first stops when they come to Charlotte!
3	Wanted to reiterate a day after consuming three pints of the Hop, Drop while at home: You don't want to drink more than two pints in one sitting, as three has the great potential to knock you on your rear. This is not a session brew with a low ABV. Good thing I was home and having some drinks with friends, and did not leave the house. If you are out having this, unless you are the size of an NFL lineman, I would not recommend having more than one pint and driving.
5	Missed out on the coco loco Friday and was feeling miffed until one of the bartenders suggested a brew be que. Smoky sweet it was delicious and I ended up having two. Not on the menu but brewed for a BBQ contest. Good music too.
5	Great spot.  Sundays they have an open grill.  We bought some ground beef and cooked up some burgers to go with some fine beer.  No Da Jito.    Coco Locco.  Oyster stout.   Haul in Oats.    Jam Session.   Can u.    Triumph.   good beer great folks and a nice atmosphere made it a great pit stop
3	Stopped in for a couple of beers one Saturday afternoon.  The place was certainly abuzz, but we were able to find seats at the bar.  Sampled the Ramble on Red and the Ghost Hop which were well balanced and flavorful beers.  There was nothing particularly mind-blowing about this place so it gets 3 stars in my book.  I would say that it is worth a visit, but it's not exactly something I would be going out of my way for.
5	I've had their beer countless times but never had visited the brewery until yesterday.  The layout (table seating inside, large windows showing the brewing equipment, and outside seating and corn hole) is pretty standard when compared to others in the area but the beer is far from standard.  Noda Brewing offers some of my favorite beers of all time. I'll usually get a flight of beer when there are multiple options I've yet to try, which is what I did on this visit.  I tried a Knights Ale, What Goes Round, Gordgeous, and the Coco Loco.  All were good but my favorites were the Knights Ale IPA and the Coco Loco Porter.  My all time favorite though from Noda is the Hop Drop and Roll IPA followed closely by the Woody and Wilcox.My wife tried the (non alcoholic) Kombucha tea and really enjoyed it.  It was light and refreshing on a really hot and humid day.
5	Noda Brewery is an awesome place to stop by for an evening round of beers or a weekend day drinking session. They are dog friendly which is cool for those with well-behaved dogs. They do not serve food but typically have a local food truck outside serving eats. It is right next to Birdsong for those who want to hop back and forth. Pricing is very reasonable including for the flight for those undecided or looking to try something new. I love the What Gose Around. The tour is cool if you are there for it you should check it out. One of my favorite spots!
4	My friends and I finished up our beer tour here two weekends ago! NoDa was the place to be, and everyone knew it. We enjoyed a tour of the brewery. The guide was informative, funny, and corny in the right places. After the tour, we sat outside for a long while and just relaxed. The atmosphere was amazing, and you can tell they take pride in their brewery. There was also a food truck outside, which had good fries and fried clams. My husband absolutely loves NoDa's beer, especially Hop, Drop, and Roll, so I know we'll be back! :)
5	Stopped in for a few beers on vacation.  The Hop Drop and Roll is the perfect IPA.  The Wooly and Wolcox and Jam Session are also very good. The place was packed but we were able to find a few seats by the bar. The staff is friendly.  You can't beat  sampler flights for $7.  They also offer free tours of the brewery.
5	I was in the area for work stuff and just HAD to stop by because I've heard nothing but great things about NoDa's beers.  At my first attempt, it was extremely crowded and there wasn't anywhere to sit inside (this was on a Sunday). I went Birdsong (which is right next door) and tried a couple of their beers before going back to NoDa.  This time, I was able to get a seat right at the bar.  Even though they were still busy, the bartender was very attentive.  I went again that week and the bartender let me try anything I wanted to try.  I LOVED Cavu and What Gose Round.  I felt at home here.  I can't wait to visit them again!
5	I was lucky enough to visit NoDa while I was in Charlotte for work a few weeks ago. I'm quite a brewery hound, always using my fellow Yelpers recommendations to find the best beer bars and breweries when I travel. As usual, I was not led astray on this one. NoDa is near downtown in a little area called North Davidson - hence the name. When I walked in, I loved the feel of the place. The bartenders are friendly and helpful and I took a seat at the bar to choose my flight. The view is of the brewery and they were conducting a tour at the time, so I got to check that out from my prime spot at the bar. I tried the Hop Drop N Roll, Coco Loco, Breast Friends - which is an amazing berliner with an even better cause proceeds go towards. I had a few more samples and ended up with a full pour of the Breast Freinds. I really enjoyed talking about beer with the other patrons, meeting the many pups that came in, and I got a nice dinner recommendation from the staff as well. This has got to the best brewery in Charlotte, and I highly recommend stopping by when you're in the area. I know I will if my travels take me back that way.
4	Really enjoyed our stop at NoDa Brewing Co! We loved the Coco Loco along with the deliciousness of the Yumm Bahn Mi Food truck out back! Oh yes, be sure to go out back! Also, go check out Birdsong Brewery right next door! Just follow the poeple...  trust me. Additional parking located in the fenced in area across the street.
1	really disappointed with this place. I will not buy beer from here ever again. either in the bar, or in the can. given them way too many chances to change my mind, and each time I do give them a chance I'm even more disappointed than the last time. first time I tried hop drop, I thought it was really good. not great, just good. each time I've had hop drop after that, the quality of it just gets lower and lower. my husband bought two cans tonight, and both of them were infected, which makes us think that the whole shipment of cans that he grabbed the two from are infected. they both have the super strong smell of butterscotch, and have a really gross and slimy mouth feel. also, every time we've given them more chances and bought cans of hop drop, each time they've tasted different. one time it would be more malty, the next time there would be more of a hop flavor. that makes us think that they don't really care or pay attention to their canning line. especially since we got infected cans? I mean come on, get it together. birdsong is right next door. go there instead. I even think the beer is better there too.
5	The best craft brewery in charlotte. The staff is always very helpful and nice. Usually there is a food truck to grab a bite. The beer is the best in charlotte and can go up against any in the country. You can't go wrong with this place. If I lived on this side of town I would be here a lot!!
5	My home away from home. I love this place. Three years of great beers and wonderful people. Cheers NoDa !
5	This nice little brewery was recommended to us by a bartender uptown, so we Uber'ed it over there to check it out.We sat at the bar and started with a flight or two, moving on to pints after that. We enjoyed everything we tried. My favorites of the evening were the Coco Loco porter and the Gordgeous seasonal.When they announced a tour starting, we decided to join in. I always appreciate when a brewery is willing to do a tour. This one was a bit... let's call it "information dense". It lasted a really long time, maybe a little too long. I'll be honest, I lost interest part way through the very thorough monologue.Still cool that it's offered though.
4	NODA is probably the most well known brewery in CLT due to their gold medal win last year for Hop Drop & Roll.  Though, not only is that beer great but a lot of their other beers are equally fantastic.  I am a big fan of their ramble on red, drop dead gourdgeous, and ghost hop.  They do small batch releases as well and last night i had a bomb ass peanut butter porter. I seriously would buy the keg if they let me. The only thing I wish was better is their space.  It can get quite packed at times and if you don't have a table or are at the bar you are kind of screwed.  This might be due their small outside space.  Other than that NoDa is a great place, with great owners, and great beer.
3	I've had better but their selections are solid and there's is more than enough variety available at any given time to please even the pickiest of palates. What could be better, a LOT better, is the "service".  The bartenders are working hard and the place is reasonable crowded but not THAT crowded...why is it so hard to get a beer?  It's been a trainwreck of disorganization every single time I've visited.  There should be a simple fix for this, but apparently there isn't one?
5	Hands down favorite brewery in the city! The obligatory "Hop Drop" is one of the best IPAs being made right now. Especially in the SouthEast. Staff is always very cool, friendly, and laid back as you would expect in NoDa. They handle crowds relatively well, especially during events (bottle releases, etc..) .  When an out of towner comes into Charlotte and they want an idea of good beer in the city this is always the first place I send them!
1	The decor was nice, but the place is way to small and crowded. You spend half the time standing around waiting in line to get a halfway decent beer and the other half standing around waiting for a seat. At least it was appropriately priced. I also think its odd that people are bringing children into a place where the smell of hops is so strong. Definitely hipster central..probably won't be back
5	We have been to the NoDa brewery twice now and it is definitely my favorite brewery in Charlotte, and I should note that Charlotte has several great microbreweries. The brewery is in the NoDa district of Charlotte and has a very warm and friendly vibe. The service has been great on both of our visits. I haven't done the actual brewery tour but the tasting room is all I need to see. Plenty of seats at the bar or at tables, and if the weather is nice you can hang out outside. On my last visit I ordered a flight and tried the Santa Baby, Cold Crash, Woody Wilcox, and the Hop, Drop 'N' Roll.  While they were all really good, I really liked the spice of the Santa Baby and the malt flavor of the Cold Crash. I had previously tried the Hop, Drop 'N' Roll and it still remains one of my favorite IPA's. Before we left I grabbed a 4 pack of the Jam Session and Hop, Drop 'N' Roll to take back home, and I have to say my new favorite NoDa beer might be the Jam Session. I really love the smokiness of it. If you love good beer the you definitely need to check this place out. They have some amazing beers and I'd highly recommend it to anyone. I can't wait to come back.
5	My boyfriend loves craft beer, so we had to stop my NoDa when visiting Charlotte.  It was great!  We sat at the bar and ended up splitting 3 flights so we could try everything on tap.  The beer was great!  I was a fan big of the Hop, Drop 'n Roll, What Gose Round and Conroy's British IPA.  The bartender was great, and gave us a lot of helpful insight about Charlotte and NoDa.  It is dog friendly, so a few people had their dogs in the tap room.  I love dogs, so it didn't bother me.  They had a few food trucks outside that you could order from and bring the food in to eat.
