5	In a town where the movie theaters  live in casinos it's hard to wanna go to the movies.  But, the Palms Resort is a hipster haven, and it houses Brenden Theaters  owned by it's namesake, Johnny Brenden.  (if you wanna know stuff about Mr. Brenden google him, I'm not gonna pretend to know anything about his athletic career, but, I think it involves a ball.)Brenden's hosts some of the biggest Vegas film events....the biggest being the annual CineVegas. ( our little Sundance. )And it's atmosphere is far enough removed from the casino environment  that you can forget about the craps tables and one armed bandits during your choice of  Romantic Comedy, or an IMAX Adventure.  ( Actually for the hell of it, wouldn't it be interesting to see a Romantic Comedy in IMAX?  Maybe we should set up a larger than life screening of "When Harry Met Sally"...a white knuckle ride of friendship, sex and true love.  We could even invite Nora Ephron and she can sign popcorn boxes.  No? Okay. It was just an idea.)On Christmas Day I decided to join the event that was the opening day of "Dreamgirls."  So, yessssssssssss, I loved the movie.  But I'm not reviewing the movie I'm reviewing the theater. ( but anytime you wanna chat about Jennifer Hudson you send me a message, erkay!)  The screening I attended was sold out, but Brenden's is so comfy that it really wasn't a big deal to have to sit so far up front.  ( I would'a got there early but I was too busy constructing the "LOST" action figures that Santa brought me.)  And a comfy crowd is a receptive crowd, needless to say, a great time was had by all.  ( I have to mention that Dreamgirls drew in the best cross-sections of the American public who scream and sing at the screen.)So, if you wanna go to a movie, I would highly recommend Brenden's.  It's gotta a little Hollywood glamour and great seating....oh, and Hot Dog's.  I didn't say anything about the concessions.  ( same stuff as any other theatre.)  See you at the movies!
5	Despite having to go to the Palms to go to them, the Brenden Theatres are worth it.  A lot of the screens are IMAX huge.  Sometimes it can be almost TOO much, but man does it make for an experience.  The theatres are comfortable and clean with crisp audio and visual elements.  What else do you need in a theatre?Having been a participant at CineVegas, I've had the opportunity to see (along with my head on the aforementioned IMAX huge screen) some of the more hidden aspects of the theatre, like Mr. Brenden's private suite that lies atop the ticket counters.  Just look up and at the windows - there it is!  Wave, maybe some poor schlep is having the time of their lives up there with a free buffet and beer.
3	What an overrated movie theater. Don't get me wrong. Nothing was horrible or disappointing, but with all of the hype that surrounds the Palms on a constant basis, I would expect fireworks and stuntdevils before and after every movie. The rest of the hotel is dripping with "are those really necessary?" amenities and extras, I would assume the movie theater to be no different. Then again, it is only a theater I guess. Maybe a popcorn butter fountain made of gold is what I am thinking...anyway...great theater, for your average theater. Just don't make a special trip.
4	There certainly are a lot of negative reviews about this place.  I personally have never had a bad experience here.  I just saw Beowulf in 3D at the IMAX theatre they have at Brendan.  It was great.  If you haven't seen it yet, it's a must see.There are two reasons for not giving them 5 stars.  One, is the fact that they don't sell Jordan Almonds at the concession stand, hahaha.  Those are my favorite.  Two, is the fact that they make it SOOO difficult to movie hop.  HAHAHAHA.  I'm just joking.  I always pay for my ticket.
4	I'm very happy that I went and saw "I Am Legend" at this theater and that it was an IMAX movie. The seats reclined and were totally comfortable. The arm rests moved, so there was more room. I didn't check out the concession stand. I was full from dinner and snuck my drink in.I'd go back!
3	Saw Iron Man here and really liked....the movie!!  The theater is just ok.  Nothing great or terrible but I'd go to Rave at Town Square any day of the week over this place w/ Red Rock coming in 2nd.  BUT..gas is expensive and this was the closest place to home.
2	Came here to watch the Mummy 3 in order to avoid the crowd and labyrinth walkway at the MGM.  Bad decision - the A/C was barely on, seemed like it was off.   Outside was 110 degrees.  The casino was ice cold and enjoyed a margarita at the bar, but inside the cinema was hot and stuffy.   Won't come here again to watch a movie in Vegas but will go through the obstacles at MGM.
3	Fresh off of seeing the Dark Knight in Imax.. here were my impressions of this place: * I agree with Caesar.. this imax seemed smaller and lamer than others I've visited. Something just seemeded "off". * I went and saved the seats while my date went to buy us a Sobe from the counter. THe lady told him he couldn't carry the bottle into the movie "huh" and he he would need to chug 30% of it in front of her at the counter so she could pour the rest into a tiny cup... WEIRD. Don't sell Sobe if you aren't going to allow people to bring it in?* Ok this isn't against the theater, but more of a social commentary. Stupid ho in front of me who spent 30% of the movie on your iphone.. wow, you were really annoying. That freaking bright screen is distracting and why the f did you pay to see the Dark Knight so you could spend the movie looking at facebook? Seriously d-bags obsessed with your iphones, please respect the rest of us and turn them off during the movie!
3	Like the lame-o that I am... I was about a month late in watching the Dark Knight. We finally caught a late 11pm showing here during our trip to Sin City. The register people were super cool in helping me decide which showing to buy... 8 pm; rush through dinner, or 11pm and have to 2 hours of nothing to do between dinner and movie. Oh wait. It's Vegas... we'll just gamble between that time! They offered refunds if we missed our showing. In the end, we decided not to rush my pork gluttony dinner at Hofbauhaus.Being that I'm used to the Tech Museum Imax in San Jose, I felt that this theater was on the skimpy side, Imax-concerned. But I was REALLY happy with the pre movie message granted it showed a "Hulk" wannabe Brendan Theater owner telling people to chuck their cell phones and shut their off spring up. Ahhh... THAT was worth it. In this day and age, people are so darned inconsiderate. Seriously. Kid crying? Take it outside. Don't pretend it's not crying!!!Popcorn was good. Theater was clean. Heath Ledger was kick ass... unfortunately he was the only good actor in that movie. Batman? Hopefully you cure your emphysema before the last movie...
5	Brendan Theatres is located in the Palms Casino. Staff is friendly. Chili cheese fries are gigantic (share with a friend!). Prices are comparable to your average overpriced movie theater. Saw Madagascar II in IMAX and it was awesome! Maybe I just have a thing for DreamWork's adorable animated creatures, but its even better when the screen is so gigantic that you feel like you're in the movie with them.
2	There is very limited seating in each theater and if you get the bottom 1/3 you might as well leave or risk a stiff neck for days having to look straight up. The food court is really mediocre & expensive, the snacks here are stale popcorn and flat soda.
3	In a nutshell; the Brenden Palms 14 is a standard modern cinema in a non traditional location.Considering that the theatre is located in the Palms casino, I had hoped there would be something noteable or unique about the venue. At the very least, I  expected there to be some of the "high end" features that seem to be a growing trend in the L.A. area (bar, in theatre dining, oversized seating, reserved seating, etc.). However, I was a little disapointed to find that the Palms 14 is no different from your run of the mill megaplex. That's not to say anything was subpar or truly lacking, just no different from what one can find at the local megaplex. They really should have tried to do something extra special here.As for the IMAX screen. Yes, it is a bit scaled down, but that seems to be the direction the IMAX corporation is going these days. The original, freakishly huge, IMAX facilities simply weren't cost effective for most theatres. Basically, what you have here is what you are starting to see with most new  IMAX auditoriums.Now, an unavoidable drawback to all Brenden Theatre locations, owner and CEO Johnny Brenden. As has been mentioned previously, one is forced to experience the Johnny Brenden ego experience wiith every film. No doubt, there are overblown personalities and giant egos heading up countless companies, but none come close to reaching Mr. Brenden's  level of self promotion. While highly laughable, if you enjoy the ultimate Las Vegas "player" stereotype, one almost hesitates to support this clown. Go to the Brenden Theatres website, click on "Living in Las Vegas with Johnny Brenden", and experience the "grandure" of Johnny Brenden for yourself.
2	Lame IMAX theater!! When I have been to IMAX theaters they have been massive and awe-inspiring, but not this one- it looks like a regular movie theater, with an average sized screen!! The only cool part was the beginning credits advertising IMAX, but thats about it. It kind of sucked, the only cool part is that is at the Palms.
3	$7.50 for a movie...not bad....the screen was on the smaller side, and the seats weren't amazing...but this theater came in handy when I was solo in Vegas waiting for the girlies to arrive. The staff are extremely friendly, and those hot dogs looked yummy!
4	The tickets were cheap! Saw a movie here the other day, thought it was great value. Got the VIP combo snack package to share with a friend; a HUGE tub of popcorn with a free refill, and 2 massive sodas for $14. Reasonable for a movie theater... especially in Las Vegas.Stadium style seating in the theaters is great, there's really not a bad seat in the house. Good place.Funniest part about the place is the previews. Johnny Brenden (the owner of the theater) wants to be famous so badly. He takes pictures with all the celebs he can and sticks it in the previews before the movie. It's really pathetic, but hey... the guy runs a good business.
2	I came here after a news story about how this is the only theater in Las Vegas that has a true IMAX screen.  Sixty feet high instead of the newer smaller so-called imax.  However, they didn't play the movie using the whole screen, so why in the hell did I pay more for a supposed IMAX movie?  Also this place was opened in 2001 and it's starting to show it's age.  Some the seats are getting pretty worn out, and the back floor (in my theater) looked like it had never seen a mop.  There are no bathrooms in the halls near the theaters, so keep your ticket and be prepared to walk your ass off and miss quit a bit of your movie if your bladder happens to bust during your show.  Don't even get me started about the rude little kids that work here.  From the ticket booth to the snack bar I was run down by three employees.  (Must have been break time.)  I will never waste my time to drive all the way out here again.
4	Saw G Force in 3D here tickets were $10.50 so average. Theater was big, clean and had very good sound. I was happy. Theres a food court right before you come in so bring a big bag and buy your food before you come in. Did I say that?
3	Yes I went to Vegas and saw a movie? Problem.I went here on a opening weekend and it was not crowded at all... I think Saturday is the perfect day to go because everyone is gambling and clubbing.Anywho the theatres were small which was cool because it wasn't realy packed. The seats were kind of janky though. My seat was broken and leaned way back, cholo style.Tickets were SUPER cheap 7.75. I was VERY suprised. You think Vegas and you think expensive, but that was not the case here.Stadium style seating, no stupid teenagers, its all good. Im sure there were better theaters in Vegas but why waste money on a movie.I need my money for buffet action.
3	This place is showing its age. I went to see Avatar in their Imax theater and the seats were pretty banged up and the movie crapped out as it was starting due to some technical difficulties. It took a good 10-15 minutes before they fixed the problem and restarted the movie. I do have to say that as far as movie theater food goes, their hot dog and nachos are decent.
4	As some of you may have read, My wife and I watched Avatar in Imax 3d a week or so ago just after eating a crappy meal at one of the mexican resaurants in the palms. The theatre was not packed which was nice, the seats are a little recliner-ish.. You sit down and....back you go. The sound  was amazing and the 3d in Imax was awesome, we will be going back to see alice in wonderland in imax 3d
3	Located in the Palms...pretty cool place with IMAX! Loved the fact that I didin't have to leave the hotel on the day I was there as it was raining and I just wanted to relax.  Worth going to!
5	The best theater in Vegas, hands down. Comfortable amazing seating, decent refreshments and prices (as the Yelp butter connoisseur, this is no real butter on the popcorn which is why Sam's Town still gets my vote, IDGAF), and they have a frequent guest card as well, where 10 showings get you a free movie. Also the lobby is beyond gorgeous, I want that damn ceiling in my house! :DSo last night I took my two favorite boys to see Iron Man 2 in IMAX after we saw Stan Lee get his Brendan Theaters star which was introduced by Robin Leech. Can't get more Vegas than that, and special events like this make Brendan Theaters even more desirable. After he got his star we started lining up at the theater about an hour ahead of time and got their early enough to get good seating. And guess what happened? Stan Lee comes in to introduce the film! So awesome and I was really, really hoping that would happen :) Love that man!The only gripe I have (and it should get 4 stars but whatever, still the best theater in Vegas) is that the particular showing had some dust on the IMAX lens so there were distracting black dots all over my precious RDJ throughout the entire film. When I went halfway in to go to the bathroom I did alert the manager though who said he would get it taken care of (probably for the next showing as you kind of can't stop the movie with a half hour to spare to clean it). Spending $51 on 3 IMAX tickets from Fandango and not having nearly pristine picture quality was a drawback but I still love this place and any midnight showings, I always go here because the crowds are always vibrant and full of fun energy. Also for some reason as we got our concessions, we got a discount on my boyfriend's stuffed pretzel. Still not sure why, but we'll take it! The theaters are always really clean, the seating is ridiculously comfortable (ALL of the seats are super plush, lean back, and all arms can be raised, and the underside of the arms is stuffed so it's great for cuddling ;D), and the prices are decent. Oh and super cute, before the movie they played a little film for a guy proposing to his girlfriend. Too cute! It's really nice that they will let someone do that before a major film opening, especially on an IMAX screen. Overall this theater is a total win.
5	Small but love the staggered seats (comfy too) as I am short and hate it when someone who is tall sits right in front of me, in a regular non-staggered theatre- which BTW, happened a lot- go figure. Seems to have lots of red carpet events as it attracts the want-to-be-seen crowd but maybe it's just the casino itself (popular with the hip young crowd and celebs). If you want easy access into the theatre, I suggest you park in the front parking lot (along Flamingo) or the parking garage nearby the doors that lead into the casino. (There are two parking garages- the other one is farther, and you must walk through the casino floor, in order to get to the other side where the theatre is located.) Note: No outside food or drink is allowed. There is a sign posted at the entrance along with a large trash can for your convenience. Bathrooms located inside and outside of the the theatre, maybe because the food court is right there too. Concession stand is right there after the entrance, so you can get snacks there. There's a concession stand in the back but it appears to be empty. Another plus with newer theatres is it should be a lot cleaner than the older ones (studies on Oprah reveal fecal matter on theatre seats- never wear a short skirt).Saw the last two movies here, one was for a sneak-peak promo, "Get Him To The Greek." There were two intimidating men in suits checking people with flashlights, as one of the cardinal rules was not to record anything on your cell phones, but some idiots did it anyway!
4	Quick service on all my many trips here, and always nice. The food in the snack bar is to pricey and I have never ordered from it. The food court is nearby, and it has Mc Donalds, and Nathons hot dogs. Well priced food, so just remember to eat in advance before you go into the theater and enjoy the movie!
4	I like this theater because it's not too busy and I can always find a great seat! The only thing I would like to change is to have a bathroom in a more convenient place. I don't like having to walk past the ticket attendant to go to the bathroom. It's hard trying to look for my ticket stub before I go because I often misplace them. Overall this theater is nice and quiet and I don't have to sit by some over hyper kid kicking my seat every ten seconds if I don't want to.
4	While away in Las Vegas the timing couldn't be better to discover Brendon Theaters and their humongous IMAX screen. Normally when I drop into Vegas, seeing a movie is the least of my worries, but on opening weekend for the Dark Knight I couldn't pass by the opportunity.After discovering this gem hidden at the Palms via Fandango it was a bit hard to find at first. The directions were not quite clear it was IN the casino.After making our way to seats with my wife and friends, I was a bit curious on how big the screen was. Many places offer IMAX but their screens don't seem much larger than average. I found myself about 10 rows back, perfectly level and centered. When the movie started I was surprised the screen was actually the entire wall. This is how IMAX was meant to be experience.Considering the fact that the Dark Knight was an amazing movie, it may have influenced me a bit more. The seats were comfortable for the long stay, the surround sound was on-point and again, LARGE SCREEN.
3	This is one of the many theaters I like to go. When new movies come out, they also give out free posters and little trinkets to go along with. One question though, who still collect their ticket stubs to each movie they watch?! I can answer that question, and I still do! The only downside to this, is that they now print up the ticket stubs with receipt paper, where it doesn't look and feel too appealing to save that tiny memory! Yes, I get that they're recycling but I miss the old stubs!!
1	My friend  loves this theater (I don't know why..) and he suggested that we should go there because "is nice" so we did and oh my gosh.... first the girl who sells the tickes either was on a bad mood or she didn't care, I asked her about the movie and she rolled her eyes and she said, that she doesn't know anything and ignored me.... the screen is SOOOOO small that I was surprise that they put a new release in that screen !in the middle of the movie, the sound went silent like for a minute !!! I couldn't  believe it, I wa so dissapointed that I swear I wouldn't come back again.... but I did, why ??  because this is the only theater in Vegas with a real IMAX screen, although the room is decent, the seats are all wore out, not comfy at all, the guy at the concesion stand very unprofesional, he saw me coming towards him and he walked away !!! I waited for another minute and he came back and said: what do you want ?  wow !!!  I reported to the manager but obviously the so called CUSTOMER SERVICE  is NOT waht this theater is known for...if I want to go to a movie I rather drive  5 more minutes and go to RAVE inside Town Square !!! that's a real theater with very professional staff !!
3	I've been here a couple times.  Both times, we saw the movie in the IMAX theatre.  The 3D glasses made the image still fuzzy and kinda hurt my eyes, but that could also have been due to our crappy seats (front row, far left side).  Concessions are overpriced, just as they are at every other theatre.  Ticket prices feel high, but here's the weird thing: first time I went, I got a student discount.  Second time, the girl told me they don't have a student discount.  What the heck?!?  The staff here always seem unhappy with their job.  Weird for such a bad economy; I thought they'd be happy just to be employed.  I'm a fan of Cinemark (Century) Theatres over this place, but if they have a well-timed showing of something I ABSOLUTELY want to see, then I'll be back.
3	I came to see Tron in IMAX because it was centrally located and really wish I had gone to Red Rock instead.
4	Big extra bonus points for placing the movie theater in a convenient location.  Park in the West Parking lot and you'll be at the theater super fast.  Red Rock's theater is KIND OF like that except you walk down a big hallway past their awesome bowling alley.In any case, they have IMAX here as well.  Definitely can't give this 5 stars as they don't have enough digital projection in their theaters.  We saw Your Highness here last night and the picture was not so great.
2	In terms of cleanliness, this was one of the worst theaters i've ever been to. Considering that this theater was in the Palms Casino, I expected much much more. There's also no butter dispenser for your popcorn. You need to ask one of the people who work behind the counter to butter the popcorn for you.
5	I've neen going to this theatre since I can remember! I love it! Especially when they have special promos goimg on. I believe right now they have a special where you get 2 movie tickets, 2 medium drinks and, a medium popcorn for $22! thats awesome! They change up the promos once in a few weeks or so. Not only that, the staff members are very friendly. Theatres are very clean and the seats are very comfy (which is like thee most important thing) the only thing that I would have to pick on is that I dont like the fact that the bathrooms are kimda far...but overall I am very satisfied :)
3	Went to the IMAX theater which was really tiny but it did the job. The theater was clean and really convenient for hotel guests staying at the Palms.
1	Awful experience. Really made you feel unwelcome. Very strange to meet hatful movie managers at 11 am ona Sunday. They did refund our movie and popcorn.
1	I purchased a coupon book with a coupon to buy 2 movies tickets and get popcorn and a drink for $22. I approached the counter and the rep at the counter without even looking at me accused me of bringing in an advertisement that was not valid. I argued with him saying that this was a COUPON and he refused. We left immediately and thought it quite rude the employee didn't really even try to fix our issue or explain to me why this coupon wasn't valid. Steer clear from these shady businesses.
3	This movie theater is tucked away in the Palms, behind the food court. It's fully featured and very clean, with the latest modern gizmos including an  IMAX screen.There are disco balls hanging over each theater door outside, which is a little strange, but interesting.This is the perfect spot to duck away for a couple hours after you're tired of gambling and just want some downtime. Although you do run the risk of being informed that you are a "party fail" by your friends for doing so - that's just a risk you'll have to be willing to take!
3	The first time I came here was in 2002 to see 28 Days Later. It was the first horror movie I'd seen in a movie theater (mom didn't like horror so I had to sneak them in at friend's houses and on TV), so this theater will always have a special place in my heart.The food selection could use some work, as they only feature staples of movie theater food, with no healthy things to eat (unless I'm forgetting something). I suppose you could eat in the ample foodcourt outside beforehand, but where's the fun in that?I've had several good experiences here (The X-Men 2 midnight showing, Shaun of the Dead) but one bad experience does sully my opinion of them. A couple years ago during the "Trinity of Terror" convention at the Palms, George A. Romero's movie Survival of the Dead was being screened on Halloween. After spending over an hour negotiating the parking garage (a Slipknot concert letting out + no traffic control= major gridlock), we managed to make it to the theater in ample time.George A. Romero came in and introduced the movie, much to the delight of the crowd. We waited as the movie didn't start. 30 minutes went by and an employee came in and told us there would be a delay. After an hour they finally said that there was no way the movie would be playing, apparently a bulb had broken and no one was qualified to replace it. Big bummer, and a waste of Halloween night, my favorite holiday! They did show the movie the next day, and luckily we had three day passes. I'm sure it was a major let down for those who didn't have multiple day passes, and not exactly professional.
3	An average, in the casino theatre.  Really nothing special to it but I can at least say that the floors weren't sticky and it didn't smell like moldy popcorn.
3	Usually go either here or the Aliante theater depending on where I am in town. Parking in the west lot is convenient so you don't have to go through the casino. I usually opt for a matinee  since it's only $8.00 for an adult ticket.  I believe they also offer senior and military discounts.  The theaters and associated facilities have always been clean and well stocked.    My only complaint is the food selection; they only had microwave pretzels last time I got one but I usually stick with my go to movie snack raisinets ($4.00 a theater box) so this isn't a big deal.
5	Lots of IMAX theaters here, Great popcorn, all the most current movies are always playing and it's removed from the strip (but only slightly) so there's not an issue with crowds.
4	I love this theater for the fact that they haven't jacked ticket prices through the roof (they've remained reasonable through the years) and it's in a great location. I can get to the theater early, grab my tickets and get a bite to eat or do a little gambling.  I also love the fact that they don't play around with the butter when you order popcorn. I needed a half a stack of napkins by the time I was done!
4	The theater is convenient and clean and nice. The IMAX is superb as well. The tickets are a little pricey but such is life in Sin City :-)
4	Considering that everything is expensive in Las Vegas, the price for this movie theater is very reasonable...only $8.00 per Adult and $7.00 for Children under 12 years old.It is located inside the Palms Hotel & Casino.  Very clean except the seats...because so many people come all the way to Vegas to see a movie...like me...? Had no choice, the kids are not allowed to gamble at the Casino...go figure...Anyway, my friend an I babysitting so that the wives can go shopping...who comea all the way to Vegas to shop...?  :-P
5	Great theater, all the seats were nice and the Tuesday deal was perfect. The place was practically empty and they had plenty of employees working the snack counter, they seemed like they were fighting over who got to serve us, a little like a bunch of puppies eager to be picked up when they were all lined up behind the counter.The sound in theater 13 was excellent. It was a smaller theater (the film had been out for almost a month) but the experience was still top notch.
3	Serious sound for the IMAX experience.  If only the place was kept clean.
4	Nice location within the Palms hotel casino, and the theaters themselves are comfortable. I would go here more often if only they would show better movies. I watch a lot of movies and there is nothing like watching them on the big screen at a theater.
1	I'm the duchess of this place for a reason: I love movies, and I try to see at least two a week. My previous theater of choice was always Brenden Theatres, but not after tonight, oh no. They screwed my husband and I over big time. This is what I decided to post on their Facebook page which sums up the epic fail in the nicest way I could muster without telling them outright where they could stick it:"Went to your theaters tonight to see a movie and guess what? Left almost a half hour later without seeing anything. It's ridiculous that you have closed your box office to cut back and not train your staff on how to take different forms of payment at the concession stand. We tried to use Hollywood Movie money on Dark Shadows in IMAX and your concession person said it was declined. We told him to do a split payment and it was still supposedly declined. It took over 10 minutes for your manager to show up. Multiple patrons around me during that time also complained about missing their movies due to the lack of response time of your staff that seem to never possess a sense of urgency. When your manager showed up, we decided to get tickets to Prometheus instead. And color me surprised that our payment worked! She showed almost no remorse for the fact we drove all the way down there to enjoy our evening and left supremely livid, annoyed, and disappointed. It's a shame that my once favorite movie theater in Vegas has let me down. You'll be hard pressed if I ever sing your praises to anyone else again."I know times are tough all around. But closing down your box office is NOT the answer, especially for those of us who do not want concessions and who just want to see our freakin' movie before it actually begins. Cutting corners and not backing it up with flawlessly fantastic customer service has lost this customer for regular showings for sure.
5	Brenden Theatres has gained back my trust by not only providing excellent customer service again, but by exceeding said customer service by going above and beyond to make sure that I would continue to patronize them. After my last review, I got an almost immediate response that same evening (know it's past 11 PM at this point) from Jay Jay Coulter, manager of the theatre. She apologized profusely, and offered us two tickets to be picked up at our convenience so we could return, and she took me and my husband's concerns seriously and said she would improve upon them. Well that she did. Not only has the box office returned (thank you!), but our Hollywood Movie Money issues have all but disappeared, with a couple slip-ups now and then, but overall a good experience. She even contacted me a little while ago seeing that I checked into the theatre for another film and asked me how that screening went. She also told me her action plan on making training for our issues stick in staff meetings. Now THAT is customer service. Also awesome: last week we went to see Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter for my mom's birthday. During the third act, fire alarms kept going off. We stayed for the film, but were peeved. Apparently it was not the theatre's fault, but the casino itself, but they still gave us three free passes to make up for the inconvenience. Brenden Theatres and its management team seem to be doing a lot better and I am happy to go to this theatre once again. We're over the bad breakup, and onto the honeymoon stage again. Although it is shaky saying this in Vegas, I'm sure this time my love affair with this theatre will last. Thank you for making it up to us and really showing that you care.
1	Don't know if I can warn people loudly enough to stay away from Brenden Palms. Friday night before last we attempted to see Prometheus, and made the mistake of buying tickets in advance. We didn't need to as there were only four other people in the theater. The seats were filthy and the auditorium not cleaned just twenty minutes before show time; we had to the leave our seats and stand outside when the staff decided to show up and clean the place. Then we returned to our seats and waited for the movie. A few minutes after show time the ad reel went off by itself, and then the theater went completely dark. We all sat in awkward silence for 15 minutes. Then the projector started, but there was no picture. We heard a trailer for the next Twilight I think, and then the movie started. Played for about ten minutes, and then the dialog started and we still could't see it. At that point we gave up and we complained to the manager, who did offer to give us passes. But... Why would we ever go back? Our entire evening was ruined. To make the movie on time, we ate beforehand at a nearby restaurant that turned out to be mediocre and overpriced. We wouldn't have eaten there if we weren't waiting on the movie, which didn't happen. A couple of passes to another incompetent screening in another dirty theater just wasn't going to make up for this. Friday night should be a big night for theaters, but these guys are flying on auto-pilot. Frankly it's hard enough to go see a movie in a theater in Vegas, the crowds are noisy and full of teens playing with their phones the entire time. Now I don't get to see Prometheus until it comes out on blu-ray (last weekend in theaters). I guess that's what I should have planned for all along, and in that respect I guess I owe Brenden thanks for teaching me to stay away from their theater, if it's my only option. Would score zero stars if the app allowed.
5	Very nice theater. Clean and workers were great.
3	Batman in Imax was great unfortunately, what irritated me was the concessions stand. Not enough workers to handle the lines and the movie started with no previews so needless to say I was irritated walking in while it had been going on . Concessions is where they make the bulk of their money so I just didn't get it. Don't get in the concession line it's like dealing with a brand new employee or Abbott and Costello "Who's on first".
4	I really enjoy watching movies here! The dolby sound system is always great and the air conditioning is usually running. Only once have we gone and the air conditioning was out in the theater in which the manager issued us two tickets to come back to enjoy a movie another time.The concession stand is one of the best as well as their popcorn! Mmmmm yum!They provide one free refill on their large $5 soda. The big popcorn bucket you also get a free refill on in which I always refill on the way out so that I have popcorn to munch on all week! Their popcorn is super good!Our last visit we had split a nachos which had a mass amount of cheese and add free chili! You can also add all you want jalapenos for free as well.  The two of us could not even finish it! See photo, mmmmm yum yes!We have and will be back many more times!
4	Good seats and good location in the casino, being that you walk right in and its on your right next to the food court. Kept clean and good sound.
5	I saw the 3rd batman here and I loved it. The theater was nice and spacious and food was pretty good.
3	I have my positive and negative thoughts on this theater.  Then again, it has been here for a long time than others.  So it's quite understandable that some of the features on this theater seems to be out of date.  But I do believe it needs an upgrade in some areas.  Located at the Palms off Flamingo and Arville, is Brenden Theatres.  I do like how decorative it is on the outside, and how open it is.  I come here for a lot of advance movie screenings that they hold through out the year.  So I'm usually here maybe once or twice a month at least.  I do like the hallways and how they decorate the place.  A big concession stand in the middle, which is always a good thing.  What I don't like about the hallways, is that that numbers are sometime hard to see.  They should have it lit up a tad bit more.  My thoughts on the IMAX theater, is kind of cool that they have a true IMAX theater.  What I don't like about it, is that, some movies are not formatted to use all the screen.  I don't mind the small theater, which kind of get you really close to the screen and into the movie.  Just not fond of calling a movie true IMAX, when it doesn't really use all the screen.  It may be the movies fault but if you're there to witness true IMAX, don't expect every inch of the screen being used.  Other than that, it is alright in a sense.  But it is nice to get close and into the movie.I notice in one of the theater that they upgraded it to the Dolby Atmos surround sound, which is cool, but it tends to be kind of loud for those who are in the back and closer to the ceiling.  But it's nice to get the sound from all over and pretty much effective.  I also like how some of the theaters has seperation in the back area.  I'm sure it is for handicap people who want to sit in the back, but never really see any handicap sit in the back.  Now, mentioning that I do go to some of their advance screenings.  I been a bit unsatisfied with some of their theaters.  Cause during those screenings, they been having projector problems.  Even though the advance screenings are free, it does get frustrating when the projectors don't work, or sound don't play and have to be restarted 3-4 times before it actually works.  Now, if that problems occurs, who knows if it occurs during actual movies that people actually pay for.  Overall, I think it's a decent movie theater to go see a few movies.  I do believe that they need to upgrade their theater.  But it's holding up quite well for it's age.
4	been here twice and love the place!!! it is inside the palms casino & hotel!  love the comfortable seats, it does it cold in there so beware of that but it is cozy :-) prices are reasonable, they do have a check in offer for tuesdays 2 for $22 bucks!!!!! im not sure but i think the check in offer is good for any other days too if you use it for regular showings other than the matinee or early shows. might have to ask the manager, we didn't ask because we got there before the early show. honestly my review is for the seats!! lol customer service is great as usual!! :-) food- a ok it hits the spot for a great popcorn, soda and candy snack :-)
5	I have seen perhaps a hundred films here, the great majority of them for free (what can I say; I am cheap). IMAX:It is an IMAX alright. I believe one of the largest on earth, only being beaten out by one or two others. This is a fucking IMAX. You will leave here knowing you saw a film in IMAX. We saw the final Harry Potters, Tron, and some documentary about monkeys and elephants by Disney, and maybe something else, but they were all extraordinary unforgettable experiences. Well worth it. Rest of the screens: Nice sized. Good comfortable seats. Superb sound and picture. There is not much to say other than it is arguably the best in Las Vegas, with the Rave @ Town Square perhaps being a running competitor, only on account of the larger seating in the assigned seating auditorium and the waiter service for those that are lazier drunks. The advanced screenings are run pretty efficiently here. Once they let in a bunch of clowns for a military-genre film and even people in the A-line were denied entry but they gave us non-expiring, no-limitation (including IMAX 3D) passes as compensation, at least to us in the A-line (don't know about everyone else). - E
5	I will not watch a movie at any other theatre.  I really like this place and one reason is that it is the only theatre that sells pepsi and not coke.
4	$5 Mondays are a steal you can't pass up! What is this, 1997? Even though watching a movie is something you can do at home, at that price it was a great addition to our vacation. Service is quick all around. Concessions are pretty much identical to other theaters regarding price, quality, etc.The seats are comfortable. though upon my last time there my seat was permanently reclined (not a big problem).Sound and video quality are excellent
5	5-stars because:- Nice, newer theater- Has matinee pricing 7-days a week until 6 pm- Next to the Palms Hotel & Casino food court (McDs, pizzeria, Chinese food, etc)- Conveniently close to my house
2	just saw "sky fall" here in full IMAX splendor.  wow.  picture was incredible but the sound was turned waaay too loud.   it was so painful many people sat with their fingers in their ears. some people complained but the staff was not helpful.  group in front of us ended up leaving. if you go, be sure to pack ear plugs.
5	Me and my bubby's favorite spot to watch movies!! $22 dollar Tuesdays 2 movie tix with medium popcorn & 2 large drinks! Such a good deal!
1	First off, let me preface this by saying I went the Brenden Theatres to see Les Mis.  I also frequently go there to see premieres and previews of movies.NEVER have I attended a movie that has been so ruined by a theatre, and I go to lots of movies.  The Brenden Theatres at the Palms ruined this movie.  No ifs, ands, or buts about it.  Whoever was in charge of making sure this movie was played FOR A SNEAK PREVIEW INTENDED TO CREATE BUZZ should be fired.  No warnings, no excuses, FIRED!  If the manager was on hand to oversee the showing, his head should be on the block too.If I was the company in charge of acquiring theaters in order to show these sneak previews, I would never use the Brendan Theatres at the Palms again.  I got my tickets through a movie promotion site that frequently screens movies in advance in order to create buzz and get feedback,, and they're going to get a copy of this review.It was that bad.If I didn't get into this movie for free, I would have walked out during the first 10 minutes, found the manager, and demanded my money back.  Since it was a free preview, I had two choices -- Stay or Go.  If I had been by myself, I would have left.  Not watching the free movie, and then having to pay for it later would have been better than seeing it the way I did.To call it a comedy of errors it to imply that I was laughing about it.  If you haven't noticed already -- I wasn't laughing.First, they couldn't get the movie started.  This is a three hour flick, and it took them four aborted attempts to get it going.  They had sound, but no picture.  Finally after about 20 minutes they got it sorted and the movie started.  I do believe this started a domino effect that only got worse.Second, the sound was screwed up beyond belief.  I'm not sure if this is because of the technical difficulties in getting the movie started or what.  But it was almost unwatchable.In todays theaters, there is NO excuse for shutting off the surround sound and having ALL the sound come out of the center channel.  That's right.  Les Mis has great cinematography, great scenes, AND IT'S AN OPERA / MUSICAL.  And you can't get the sound right???????That's right, the only speakers that were playing sound were the center channel.  I was sitting in the first row above the handicap seats, in the dead center of the theater.  I NEVER heard a single peep out of any of the side or rear speakers.  It appeared the subwoofers might have been working, but if so, even they were muted.Not even the left and right front speakers were working.  There was zero channel separation.  I sold electronics and home theater systems for years.  I know what I'm talking about.And since ALL the sound was coming through the center, the dynamic range was crippled.  This is also unforgivable in a dramatic musical.  If the crescendo of the song is hardly any louder than the start, that emasculates the emotional impact that the music and singing is supposed to impart.  Pathetic.Now, for the REAL kicker.  Since they started the movie twenty minutes late, at the CLIMAX of the movie, the house advertising came up on the screen and started playing OVER the movie we were watching.  That's right, you could read an advertisement about Mavin Gaye's Sexual Healing music video during the final scene of the movie.  It would be like a Wendy's ad asking "Where's the Beef" playing on the screen at the same time Luke Skywalker is about to blow up the Death Star.AND THEY NEVER TURNED IT OFF.  I was forced to watch the last couple of minutes of the movie like that.  They didn't even catch it and stop it.  It was still playing during the credits when I walked out of the movie.  If there's ANY saving grace, at least the sound wasn't playing with the advertisement.  If a Mavin Gaye song would have started playing at the end, I probably would have starting throwing something.Overall, this drops the Brenden Theatres at the Palms down to last on my list of places to see movies.  I'll be going to the Rave at Town Center and South Point from here on out.The saddest part of all -- I was really looking forward to this movie.  I've never seen the stage version because I never had the chance.  I was excited to get to see a big screen version with big stars, great music, and a good story.  I THINK the movie was good, but the experience involved in seeing the movie was ruined.
5	Best imax screen in town, period.
4	The seats are comfy and they have $5 movie Mondays! YES! Great deal! IMAX movies are rather expensive but WHATEVER! This is my go-to movie theatre!
5	$5 movie tickets on Monday how can you not give this 5 stars?!?Located inside of the Palm's Casino. Nice clean restrooms and theaters. Comfortable seats that recline.Nice way to break up the monotony of gambling (losing) all day.
3	This was my first visit to this theater.  It was located in the Palms Casino off W Flamingo Rd in Las Vegas.  The stadium seating was nice and the reclining seats were comfortable.  The $8 matinee was until 6pm.  My senior friends (over age 50) paid $4 today and a got a small popcorn and drink for $3.  And they have $5 tickets on Mondays.We will be back.
3	I am going to base this review pretty exclusively on the movies I've seen here -- all of which have been IMAX or IMAX 3D. I don't like watching regular movies here, or anywhere else, because they seem dumb and my tv at home is big and loud enough that I'm over it. First of all, general admission IMAX movies are $17 each. That alone brings this review down for me because it's rather expensive. I just saw Top Gun IMAX 3D last night and paid $35 for two tickets, plus a $1 donation to IDK who. I think that's too steep a price to pay for movies (but this was Top Gun! In 3D!) to really go regularly. Having said that, man... you really are paying for an experience almost, not just a movie. The screen is huge, the movie really comes to life, and the sound is amazing -- though I have yet to watch an ATMOS-enhanced movie. So in that aspect, ok, I can see paying a premium for a movie. $17? Probably not. But certainly more than whatever a regular movie costs. I will say that I think the concession stand here is pretty slow. Slow enough that more than once I thought about asking my date if she really wanted a water. The line moves more slowly than it ought to, perhaps because they could use more staff. And, of course, concession prices are killer. I think the water and large popcorn we got was like $12 or something. Minus points. Finally, I kinda like that this place is inside the Palms. If you're really trying to make a date out of it, it's pretty cool. You can watch a movie, eat some food, go dance... whatever. All in all, I really just come here when a movie seems compelling enough that I want to spend $50 on a movie with someone. So Star Trek Into Darkness? Yes. The Hobbit? No.
5	$5 MONDAYS!!! YES PLEASE~!!! AND THEY HAVE A YELP $22 (2 tickets, 2 sodas 1 popcorn) CHECK IN OFFER FOR TUESDAYS~!!! I'm a sucker for a good bargain deal ;]]]Plush seats, big screens, clean theater!!! They also have IMAX movies which I don't really think are worth the $$$.. Located right by the food court so you can sneak some yummy Earl's in if you're hungry!Service is awesome here.. From the guy at the box office who gave us his honest opinion to the guy who checked us for tickets.. He gave us "free fist bumps" LOL no really, he did. And the guy at the snack bar was super friendly!!! Nothing worse than going to a movie theater and encountering workers who hate their job! Hot Tip: Park in the garage closest to Arville.. Parking is plentiful and close to the theater~!!!
4	I would say this place is one of the better movie theaters in Las Vegas for the following reasons:-Very clean new theater-Comfortable reclining seats-Great sound system-All kinds of good food at food court (can't bring it in though)-$5 movie ticket on Mondays and $22 for 2 tickets + Med popcorn + 2 lrg drinks on tuesdays (yelp check in)-Plenty of parking space due to being inside the Palms Casino.The biggest deal for me is that they have "Earl of Sandwich" in the food court which is awesome! And "Coffee Bean" and not Starbucks. I actually enjoy Coffee Bean better and it's nice when you get sick of Starbucks. :)
2	The theatre is a shell of its former glory.  Places do not take long in Las Vegas to become old and forgettable.  The theatre seats are dingy and are in need of a cleaning or reupholstering.  The concessions are terrible, not in the choices but in the quality.   I have tried there slush drinks, pretzels, nachos etc.  their 3D projection is so outdated.  The projection equipment is being underutilized.  The bulbs are dimmed to the point that someone with 20/20 vision can barely see what's happening on the screen.  Bulbs have a lifespan that is based on hours used not intensity.  Fire that projectionist lol.
3	Yelp 100 Challenge * 47/100Brenden Theatre is located inside the Palms Hotel and Casino along Flamingo and Arville. You can find it almost as soon as you enter the casino's main entrance to the right, with only a short walk along the food court before you reach it. I'd say $5 Mondays and $4 Thursdays (both all day) should be your reason for coming here other than close proximity because I'm pretty sure you would rather pay that than the regular ticket fee $10.50 for adults for the service you get. For that, you get a good, but not all that great theatre. I feel like the entrance - where you hand over your tickets - gets so crowded because it's also the only way out to the bathrooms. Our theatre - #12 - was located down the right hallway, a walk down further after taking a right turn at the end of it. Not that convenient of a walk all the way out just for a bathroom visit. Rave Motion at Town Square (now, AMC) is the theatre to go. They have an awesome line of previews about 15 minutes before your movie starts. Here, they had what sounded like a radio station on before their brief 5 or so minutes of preview. The Incredible Burt Wonderstone, though not that incredible, still delivered through Brenden Theatres but then again, Mondays or Thursdays would be my pick of the week.
3	I loved this theatre!!! its is nice and spacious. also very clean. its a bit old compared to other theatres in vegas, and the 3D sucks. so old school. the reason why I also love this theatre is they always do media screenings for movies, and I get to see them thru go fobo. that's the reason why I don't mind spending money on their expensive not so good popcorn and soda
3	The past couple times I went here, I found the screening rooms to be dingy and unkempt. Do they not clean up between screenings?The ticket counter can use a little more organization. Each time, I encounter "are you in line, are you next? No you first, we're just looking even though we're standing right up next to the counter". They need some stanchions to corral people into a proper queue.Since it is inside a casino, bathrooms are outside the theatre. It can be a minor annoyance if you drank too much soda.
4	Saw Star Trek Into Darkness here while on vacation; the screening room was fine, stadium seating and comfortable cushions. The screen was very large and clear and the audio was louder than average (in a positive way.) Overall enjoyable movie experience, but I took a star away because the staff sucked. I'm going to be very frank: it seemed like every single person working there got super stoned together five minutes before we showed up, and then again before we made our way out.
5	Great offers, Monday only $5.00... Can't beat that. Comfortable and great place for a night out with my lovely wife. We live busy lives, so a movie night every once in awhile is constructive. The $5.00 a ticket is a plus :D
5	Palms used to be stupid busy...like most of the shows completely sold out, having to wait another 2-3hrs to watch the next one.  Could still be like that on the weekends, but at least during the weekday, it was quiet!Theaters are very clean, and since there wasn't a ton of people for the newer release we watched, it was quiet and easy to get a good seat too!I also really liked the sound in the theater.  It said something about Dolby sound when I was buying the tickets, but it was a specific room we were in (not all were the same).  It was a bit louder and seemed to have better/crisp sound in comparison to others I've been to.And lastly, they have deals all the time on the movies!  My dad's ticket was only $4 on Thursday (55+?) and noticed they had lots of other daily specials and even a yelp deal for popcorn and snacks!Check it out!
4	Love this theatre, they have comfy seats and best of all, they have great specials.... Mondays are $5 movies ALL day, excluding IMax, 3D and Dolby Atmos SoundTuesdays are two for $22, 2 adult tickets 1 large popcorn and 2 large drinks
4	Very good theater with friendly staff. The theaters have good screens and chairs. Now they have their deal on Tuesday where you get 2 tix, 2 drinks and 1 popcorn for $22. You can't beat that price. I don't know how long that deal will go on but I hope it goes on for years.I love the stars in the ceiling at the box office.
3	My hubby and I visit this theater a lot and have been every week the last month or so on Monday's. They have $5.00 movie Monday's and have added a deal at the concession stand for a medium popcorn and small soda for $5. This is a great deal however is becoming a mad house now that more people are learning of this great deal.Our last visit sucked sour ass as the movie was 25 minutes late starting then once it started the curtains were still partially closed cutting off the movie screen and the lights were on. People in the crowd were not happy at all and this was a full house on top of it. The theater seats were packed, we were lucky to snag the last four seats together as my hubby and I invited our friends another couple to join us that day.Also the put a new release (The Purge) in the smallest theater they have which was lame because everyone and their granny's were there to see this movie. In fact every row in the front were taken and that is rare because those seats suck as they are too close to the screen.A theater employee did come in prior to the movie starting to apologize after people went out to complain as to why the movie was not starting. A lot of people were vocal and shouting out things which was a riot all in itself.My hubby Chris stated I should complain to a Manager on the way out however I was not in the mood to wait as I saw several unhappy people go up to request a Manager after the movie let out.I did later call and spoke to Supervisor Kyle who was a sweetheart and advised that he will give us a set of complimentary tickets for another time due to the bad experience.
3	Went there on our Vegas trip and saw The Men of Steel. Somebody on Yelp pointed out that showing times can be weird, and we felt the same way: new release was showing at 7 pm and then at 10 pm. The price was good, and they even had a student discount. The concession stands were ridiculously overpriced. The seats were comfortable, but the place in general was a little run down. Oh, and the restrooms are in the lobby only, so you have to leave the ticket-only-area and ask the guy checking tickets to let you back in - super counter-intuitive...
4	An older theater that could use a renovation, but I'm a fan of their moviegoer friendly policies. Concessions are about average if not slightly cheaper for some items. Their IMAX screen is the only full sized IMAX screen in Las Vegas. Perhaps the thing that impressed me the most was that they offered showings of Man of Steel in both IMAX and IMAX 3D. Most theaters would just schedule all 3D showings to increase their profits, but Brenden gave fans a choice. Keep up these policies and I will be back.
4	Great little theater within the Palms- easy to find, just off of the food court which is just inside the door from my preferred parking lot. It kind of blows my mind that they have so many screens here, because it doesn't seem to be that large of a space. The theaters are surprisingly large too, considering they look spaced so close together.Prices are average- think $8 matinee during the week, though I saw a sign that all movies, all day, are $5 on Mondays but that doesn't usually work for my schedule. Did not opt for concessions, as they are directly adjacent to a food court where I had froyo instead (see separate review).Staff was friendly- box office register was helpful letting me know what was currently showing, as I hadn't planned my visit ahead of time. Chad directed me to my theater and made friendly chit chat as well. At one point I went the wrong way out of my theater and a manager-looking lady rerouted me to the bathroom without making me feel like an idiot or hassling me about sneaking around or anything.Seats were comfortable and the auditorium itself wasn't overcrowded during my flick, but I wish the bathrooms were more conveniently located so that you didn't have to walk all the way out of the theater area to get to them if you're unable to hold it for the duration of your film. Though this may have easily been an intentional design to prevent teenagers from theater-hopping.
4	Awesome theater, easy to get to park in self parking or there is some parking right out the front door. Only complaint is the seats really need to be replaced they are not old but just worn out from so much use. They are very uncomfortable. Make sure to check Yelp for discounts too.
4	This is definitely my favorite theater in Las Vegas & it's located really close to where I live. They offer tons of deals like $5 Mondays & 2 for $22 Tuesdays. I frequent this theater 3-4 times a month. They also have deals on drink & popcorn. There's just soooo many good reasons to come here. My favorite feature is the IMAX 3D theater, its the largest in the city & definitely makes the movie experience amazing. They always release the newest movies a whole day ahead of everyone else which makes catching the newest movies a breeze. This place is a great destination for dates or family movie trips, I am definitely going to be visiting here again & always recommend it to friends
3	Went to go watch the conjuring at this theater.Pros- relaxed seating the seat recline pretty far. $5 Monday movies Friendly staff 2 for 2 Tuesdays Cheap movies and snacks Cons- it took 15mins after the movie was suppose to start before it actually did , the staff had to call upstairs to see what was going on.-Kind if old Less seating then newer theaters
4	I go to this theater pretty often since it easy to get to by riding the bus. I like that it is inside the Palms by the food court in case I feel like having something other than popcorn and a soda. I like the chairs here and the prices seem to be normal. I have never had an issue coming here and would rather come here than the theater on the strip which is actually closer to where I live.
4	Its tough to theater hop in here.  But its conveniently located in vegas.  I will be back for sure.  The seats are plush and comfy for a large person
3	This was my second visit to this theater.  They were located in the Palms Casino off W Flamingo Rd in Las Vegas. We went on a Monday for their $5 tickets all day.  They had stadium seating.  We will be back next Monday to get out of this Las Vegas heat!
3	Nice small little theater conveniently located in Palms Casino. Strobe lights line up the theater halls, comfortable seats. Check in on yelp and get 2 tickets with popcorn and drinks for $22, which is a great bargain.
3	Seats are very comfortable.
3	Brenden Theaters used to be the spot for movies! But time has not been kind to the facilities and better theaters have opened up over the years.Like many of my fellow Yelpers, I came by to check out their $5 movie deal on Monday and whole place was a circus. There were lines everywhere, people running around, kids crying, just chaos. If you are coming in for the $5 special and the movie is popular... come early or it will probably be sold out.In my opinion, this is the only theater to have true IMAX in town. Unlike the other IMAX theaters, Brenden did it right by not converting one of their existing theaters but instead making special theater for IMAX. Their screen is a huge and their stadium seating ensures that everyone has a great view. The theater is in need of maintenance, the seats are squeaky and the padding has been worn down over the years. If it weren't for the occasional IMAX viewing I would probably avoid the theater but hey at least they got a yelp deal!
4	Great place to catch a movie if you're in the area. Clean theaters, friendly employees and few crowds (unless there's a movie screening that day) are some of the pluses. Ticket pricing is similar to the other theaters in town and they have specials on certain weekdays...most notably, $5 Mondays where tickets are only $5. I'm thinking I'll have to go back to check that out some time!
3	During our last visit to Vegas, we wanted to watch "We're The Millers".  Decided to go to a theater that we have never visited before and decided on this one.  It is a nice movie theater located inside the Palms Hotel & Casino.  Its located by the west entrance close to the food court.  Grab a bite before or after going to the theater.  As most theaters are, the food prices inside the theater were expensive.  Save money and eat at the food court which has plenty of affordable options.The theater is pretty big, and decorated nicely.  There are even stars on the ground similar to what is seen on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.  There is an IMAX inside.  The movie we watched that evening was located in one of their smaller venues.  It was stadium seating, clean, comfortable, and the sound was good.  A couple of things I did not like.  The seats did not recline and rock as much as I would have liked.  Every once in awhile, there would be lights coming from people's cell phones.  Many teenagers and adults were texting during the movie.Overall, our trip to Brenden Theatres was fine.  We would probably go again, if we were in the area and wanted to watch a movie.  Ticket prices are reasonable.
5	One of the best theaters in town. Always clean and theater is a good size. They have a special if you check in. $22 for 2 tickets 2 drinks and 1 popcorn. Good deal if you ask me :)))) too bad I didn't check in until after I had sat down at my seat. :(
4	They have awesome specials on certain day and today's Monday special was $5 movies all day long with $5 small drink/popcorn combo. It's a good movie theatre for one near the strip, but I'm spoiled with the luxury theatres further away with much better leg room.
3	While I am absolutely in love with the Galaxy Luxury theater, sometimes, I can't drive across town for a movie, or they don't have enough seating for the one I want.Brenden is a comfy theater, and I've always had good experiences here.  The employees are polite, and prices are standard.
4	This is a very nice movie theater, very comfortable seating, great surround sound and very clean stadium seating rooms. They also run some awesome deals. 5.00 Mondays and Tuesdays you can get 2 tix + 2 sodas + one popcorn for 22 bucks. Service is great and the best part of all is that is located inside the Palms casino where you can hit the tables or mega bucks and eat before catching your favorite movie. I came here this time to watch the new Sandra Bullock movie Gravity which was showing in auditorium 12 located way back at the end of the theater and while Sandra Bullock was struggling to solve her problems out in space I was trying to deal with my own gravity problems here on earth. The issue with this theater is that it only has ONE restroom and it happens to be waay at the front by the ticket booth so if you're in auditorium 12, where they show most of their new released movies, and need to go to the restroom, be ready to miss about 10 min of the movie. All in all this is a state of the art complex cinema with the largest IMAX screen in Vegas and great surround sound. This movie theater is the closest to where I live so I'm sure I'll be back but I'll try to avoid auditorium 12, the one farthest from the restrooms and with the ...urine smell?
4	I've been to this theater twice: once in 2011 and again this past week. The Brenden Theater is a great place to catch a movie while in Las Vegas - my boyfriend and I went to kill some time before our return flights to San Antonio. The theater is located off the strip at the Palms but it's a quick taxi ride and the hotel also has restaurants and a casino. This past weekend the theater was just as good as when we came two years ago. $8 for matinee, comfy seats that recline, clean bathrooms and a food court right outside (Earl of Sandwich, Nathan's Famous Hotdogs, McDonalds, Famiglia Pizza and more) where you can fill up your tummy before seeing a movie. We checked our luggage at the front desk and settled in for the Wolf of Wall Street - great movie theater experience. (The theater has regular movie theater concessions but they are typical movie price - almost $6 for a small popcorn!! I recommend eating at the food court instead).
4	Favorite theater in towm by far. Staff is always on top of it and upbeat. The only problem I've ever had there is the movie times posted on line and not always accurate have had this happen twice now...
4	$5 monday movies!!!(unless produced by Sony); seats are comfy!;the screening rooms are nice and clean(some are small, though); the icees here are gross(not blended well @ all). park in the uncovered parking/garage to your right when facing the palms.There's a 2 for $22 deal for drinks/tix/popcorn, if you eat popcorn. I wish I could use this for candy! I have yet to find a good IMAX in vegas(the one here is so-so)
3	Brendan Palms is OK, I definitely prefer it to UA showcase when I'm near the strip. The amenities are not as nice as the Redwood Theater. My biggest gripe is that on 2 separate occasions I was going on Dates to the Brendan Palms Theater and the showtimes listed on google for the Brendan Palms were not accurate. I have never had this happen at any other theater ever, and so it doesn't appear to be a coincidence. Then, to add insult to injury, when I told the person I was buying the tickets for some sort of concession for the extra hour plus that I was going to wait, they shrugged it off and wouldn't get a manager involved. If I had come alone, I would have made a bigger deal about it on principal, but in the moment I didn't want to throw the dates off even more. Now, if I go to the Brendan Palms Theater I make sure that anyone I go with understands that the movie times may be unreliable and we may need to have a Plan B. This has become a running joke amongst my friends.
5	This is a great theatre- always clean, friendliest staff and the best prices too and I love the new look - great job
4	A nice & pretty clean theater! Nothing special like the Luxury Theaters -- but can't go wrong with their $5 Mondays special! Seats were still comfortable and it didn't feel so crowded! Great way to end a dinner night!
3	Besides the cigarette smell of the casino. I'm neutral with this theater. $5 movie Mondays and $22 deal Tuesdays which include 2 tickets, 2 drinks and a popcorn. We watched "Ride Along" on this visit and we had good seats and the sounds were good. Can't complain much. staff was friendly as well. other movie viewers were kinda annoying behind me but that's the inevitable so I can look pass that. Try it out! Especially on Mondays for $5 can't beat that.
4	Greaat theartre! Locals love this place! Especially the $5 movie mondays!
5	Lots of specials and promotions here ($5 Mondays)... awesome considering it's in the Palms. IMAX 3D is awesome but pricey at $17 (no discounts here!).... worth it for the right movie though. Not much else to say... it's a movie theater. It has popcorn and soda and candy. Oh and seats. Seats are a must in movie theaters.Bonus is Earl of Sandwich is is right there as well... so sandwich before and sandwich after! Maybe even sandwich during...hmmmmmm....
3	They have the IMAX theatre. That, plus the closest proximity from my place is the reason we frequent here. Also Palms Casino has a decent food court including Earl of Sandwich, so wait time doesn't suck - we don't have to eat the crappy hot dogs inside. Enough reasons to settle.
3	Seems like a nice theatre. Went to watch Godzilla on IMAX but for some reason I felt that the screen is smaller than the one in Hollywood. Maybe because the amount of seating was similar to that of a regular theatre.
5	Located inside the Palms by the Sportsbook, enjoy $5 movies on Mondays! Because of this, Mondays have officially turned into Movie Night for me and my friends. I can't fathom watching a movie anywhere else (or any other day) except maaaaybe the Galaxy Theaters on the opposite side of town. But I love the Brenden Theaters because the location, price and bomb deals they have. Not only do they have $5 tickets, but you get to enjoy a popcorn and drink for $5 as well!! My girlfriend and I had a popcorn and drink along with our moving tickets for a grand total of just $15 (plus taxes of course). Try doing that at Town Square or anywhere else.  If you're not sold yet, the Brenden Theaters have one theatre called the Dolby theatre that features the hottest movies with improved screen and sound quality. Best part is you can STILL GET SEATS FOR FIVE BUCKS ON MONDAYS! Haha. The only downside is that there is only one Dolby theatre so you need to hurry with the purchasing. As for the normal theaters, they are good enough for me; comfortable seats, good screen resolution and great sound. Better than most theaters in town. Top 3 movie theaters in Vegas, the other two being Galaxy and the Drive-In movie theaters because they are experiential and different. But the Brenden Theaters is practical and cost savvy.
4	Ok lets get the number one reason out of the way why most if not all come here to watch movies. ITS ONLY 5 BUCKS ALL DAY ON MONDAYS! It even applies to Mondays that fall on holidays. How sweet is that?What you need to know though is that it doesnt apply to 3D, IMAX, or any movies made by Sony. Other than that its fair game! This 5 dollar deal is what allows me to take my family of four out on a movie night for 20 bucks just like back in the day when my parents used to take me and my sister to the movies.Because its only 5 bucks on Mondays, you will have lots of people taking full advantage so if you plan on watching a movie here, come at least half an hour before your movie starts so you can get good seats or you will be forced to wait for the next showtime or just deal with either sitting separately or sit all the way in the front.Some good things to mention are that they strategically placed a food court just right before the theater itself. Now whatever overpriced food you want to spend money on is up to you. I usually eat somewhere else before coming here or just overindulge on the large popcorn which you can refill for a dollar. They usually have other specifically priced combo deals like 2 tickets, small popcorn and 2 sodas for 22 bucks on Tuesdays. Also if you have to go to the bathroom at any time there is only one just right after the ticket counter to your right. Always have your ticket stub on you for you sometimes will have that one anal employee that wont let you back in even though they just saw you step out to go to the bathroom.Lastly, if your movie is assigned to theater number 1 then you need to know that not only is this their biggest theater, but it is also their loudest compared to all the rooms there. So be careful if any of your party is sensitive to very loud noise levels.Pro tip: You can access updated showtimes right off your Yelp mobile app!Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #148 "Date Night!"
1	Rave motion pictures and Regal theaters are better. Why would you have $5 Movie Mondays but for only select movies and not all movies. LAME!
1	NO SECURITYTerrible experience would had had a better time at the drive in sitting in a lawn chair . They had ELECTRICIAL FIRE in one theater so they has everyone stand in line for the next showing which was delayed. The Manager would not make a decision to have the former patrons  stand in line with everyone he was allowing them to just cut in line in front of everyone else until people in line asked for security which was afraid to do anything either. The only thing security did was allow handicap in first but that is the only thing good I can say !!!!!
4	For all the younger folks (ahem 50+) it is Sterling Thursdays $4 any movie any time. Great deals here at Brenden Theatres!
4	My boy toy and I go here quite often so I feel an update is needed since they stepped up their game. We can't resist $5.00 all day movie Monday's. We are big Marvel and action fans so we always come here plus we live close to The Palms hotel and casino so very convenient.My sweetie always gets their nachos which are great and they have good popcorn. Concession prices are ridiculous high but going on discount day really makes it worth while. The even have a special of popcorn and a soda for $5. It cost $10 for a movie, popcorn and a soda, that is a win in my book!Staff is always friendly and we never have an issue being a last minute arrival. We can order tickets online in advance as well which my sweets usually does.
4	Great movie theater. $5 movie night! Yay, crowded so get there early but it's worth it! Who wouldn't like a $5 movie night!
4	Good deal on tickets on Monday, seats are small, but picture is great! And sound is clear. The theater is cleaner than most theaters in Vegas.
4	Came to see a movie on the way out of town in Imax, located just inside the palms thru a food court area. Good sized theater not a bad seat in the house. Popcorn and drink deals reasonable. Heard that have good deals on certain days off the week, but went on a Friday so I wouldn't know. The only weird thing is the bathroom is located outside the ticket collection area.
4	This is one of the better movie theaters to go to. I went here about a week ago to see the expendables 3 the seats were real relaxing the price for food and drinks are pretty pricey but other then that I enjoy coming here when I get the chance and the customer service is really good and from what I understand they have $5 dollar movie night might have to check that out when I get a chance.
4	Best popcorn in town when you ask for extra butter, $5 mondays, easy access from the parking lot (you dont have to walk through a casino or shopping center like other theaters in town, and a decent (QUIETE!!!) crowd every time I go.  The only thing its lacking is the food court style snack bars that Century theaters have.
5	Popvich movie great
3	I'll go ahead and give this place a 3-stars because it's not incredible but it's also not spectacular! I'm all about a great theatre and  never mind paying crazy prices especially if they offer premium kind of seats and have great food! This particular visit I came to see the equalizer with Denzel Washington which was fantastic if I might add. Decided to go during the matinee times because I don't think this theatre is worth paying full price! Not crazy about it but will come here if I absolutely have to!
4	I was in a rush to catch the beginning of Annabelle last week. Incredible customer service. There were two guys at the counter selling tix and food..I they both worked together to make sure I got my food and made the movie on time. Great service! Thanks!!
5	I love to go here on Monday's.  There movies are only $5 for a movie ticket.  The seats are big and comfortable.  Usually you get the peace and quietness since not a lot of people go to the movies in Vegas.  Most of them are at the bars or casino.  I love this place.
2	I giving 2 stars because they charge .25 cents for tap water or is it the paper cup your paying for. By the way , amc town square offer $6 everyday first two showing, seven days a week and not just Monday.
4	Went on movie date with my boyfriend to see Nightcrawler on $5 Mondays. One, the movie was amazing. Creepy, but amazing. Two, the theaters are huge. But like another previous Yelper said, the previews and such were kind of on the loud side. Overall, the theater is good. Food is okay. I ordered pretzel bites, a churro, and a large drink all for $13. I ate the churro but I could have done without the pretzel bites (I wouldn't recommend).
3	Went here to watch Interstellar on IMAX 70mm. Only place in town for that, but the theater was small. What can you expect for vegas right? SOOPER expensive though $17 for general admission and costs me about $9.50 for a small drink and popcorn. If you're not watching a film on IMAX go on the deal days... I think its on tues and thursdays. Enjoy!
4	Cool theatre wish they had the real icee though.  Nice spacious theatre I definitely want to come back and try the Imax and JBX.  Also there are daily specials so check before hand for cool discounts.  The popcorn they give you for Tuesday is huge.
3	Why are almost all the movie theater in this town located in casinos?Oh, well, not to worry, since this once is strategically located so that you walk in from the parking garage and don't have to traipse through an entire hotel, just a food court, which is pleasant window shopping for us fatties.The theater itself is clean and well maintained, and while we didn't go on a Monday, the matinee prices were still noticeably lower than most.Unfortunately, the concession prices are not.We were here because I had promised Little Guy an an after-school outing if he could go an entire week without showing up on the Most Wanted List at school. Imagine my surprise when the little bugger actually did it! So how could I turn down his request for popcorn even though I had smuggled my usual contraband Snickers, Kit Kats and Reese's in my purse?  I bought it, but it hurt.  Especially when I found out a few days later that he was just concealing his latest transgressions from me.I have no idea where he gets his criminal proclivities from.
3	Finally a theatre that was not so cold that I could see my own breath! The theatre was comfortable and clean. Getting tickets was not a hassle. Why only 3 stars, you ask? Because the fresh pretzel bites were actually tiny microwaved pieces of rubber with something that was the color of a cheese product but tasted like grainy glue. We did actually watch the clerk open a package of what looked like pieces of pretzel and a pouch of orange product, place them in a container, drop them in a tray, and toss them in the microwave. I have to give credit for it being warm, even if it did have the consistency and texture of a Michelin. I'll be back but I won't get my sustenance at the theatre.
5	I love this movie theater, it's so relaxing and the best thing is they have $5 Monday's. The chairs are really relaxing and customer service is great.
4	$5 Movie Mondays.  Very comfortable chairs, good place to catch a movie.
3	Coming here for $5 Mondays gets kinda crazy. There are multiple lines, so you gotta figure out which is quicker, and they even now have you line up for movies in theaters 1-3. There are also $5 small drink and small popcorn deal, which isn't too bad. But overall the prices at the concession stand are pretty expensive, they charge you for a refill on large soda and popcorn, whereas most places give it to you for free.
1	I brought my family & I to the $5 Monday movie special last night. Our movie ("The Gambler") was listed to start at 10:30. The movie them randomly started at 10:45 with no previews. 15 more minutes into the movie, it's shuts off then restarts back to the beginning. I go down to the front desk where other people were waiting with similar situations for their movie (some we're waiting 30 minutes for theirs to begin) wanting some sort of explanation or refund. Every single employee was unapologetic & said that they couldn't do anything without the permission of a manager. We all waiting 10-15 minutes for the manager to come to the front & explain to us what was going on. When he came out, he did not acknowledge anyone or at least apologize for the inconvenience on their part. He said nothing. He told one female employee to give us refunds if we wanted them & he left. I was appalled by this service. This is supposed to be one of the better theaters in Vegas!! Another male employee came forward who was not a manger & specifically told me that if I wanted a refund that I would not be able to go back into the theater. In my head I was thinking this is absurd! This was not my fault it was theirs. I am the customer & a simple $20 refund for myself & 3 family members would be ideal. That's the least they could have done. I will never return to this theater again. I will be writing a yelp review as well. The managers name was Jose. Beyond ridiculous :(
5	Saw "Interstellar" in the IMAX theater this past December when I was in Vegas working a tradeshow - great experience! This is a true 70MM IMAX film theater by the way, so if you want to see an IMAX format film, this is the place. Being inside the Palms Hotel, it was nice to have a drink in the casino and relax before the movie. There's a small mall-like food court in front of the theater if you want to eat before or after a movie. I'd come back here next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This is pretty much the only theater I go to. They have THE best IMAX theater in town. $5 movie night is awesome. And it's like the only theater company in town (not sure about Galaxy) that doesn't give money to anti-LGBT groups.
