5	On my search for great sushi in the Henderson area, my friend and I went to Inaka to cross it off our list.  I have to admit I was wary when I saw the $20.00 all you can eat sign, but with reservations clouding overhead we entered.  To our surprise the sushi was great and the service excellent.  We went into full pig-out mode as the first round of sushi was terrific, in our dizzy enthusiasm we accidentally ordered 2 more additional rolls when we still had 2 more coming.  Yes it was pleasure and pain mixed together just like Thanksgiving.  And yes as true sushi slut the Japanese lasagna roll was beyond taste euphoria!Not only do you get all you can eat sushi with a great selection but you also get a large warm sake.  But be aware of the rules, you have 1 hour to consume your sushi and be careful not to order to much because you have to pay for what is leftover. Yes our waitress had to come over to our table and plead with us to eat more.  All the rolls were good and I loved the cucumber salad.  Also this special only runs Monday through Thursday.
5	What a find!  It looks very inconspicuous...but phenomenal food and excellent service.  I was wary of the all you can eat sushi for $20, but ecstatic when the food was fresh, quality, and delicious.  The rules of engagement are a little tricky and were lost in translation at first.  You must pay for all the sushi you dont eat...so pace yourself and order as you go!
2	Another all you can eat sushi place here in Henderson.  I love sushi especially all you can eat sushi.  I've been here a couple times, but I haven't really liked the food that much.  They give each sushi with too much rice, the little secrets to help fill a person up.  There's a descent amount of selections to choose from here though which is cool, but the fish didn't quite taste as fresh as some other places.  I wish the service was just a bit better, but a couple times were busy, so I understand.  However, one time one of the chefs did give a bit of an attitude when my friend ordered a second helping of ice cream since that's all you can eat too.  He asked, "Does anyone ELSE want ice cream too before I have to go back and scoop it up again?"  Weird.  It's just not my favorite place to go for all you can eat sushi.
3	The sushi is great (I've never had the food off the menu) I particularly like the Harry Potter roll. They go crazy with the garlic which I like, definitely worth checking out, and they have all you can eat which is great if you can put it away.
2	Sorry, but I HATE the service. When I go out to eat I lvoe help, but please do not stand in the back of me. It is annoying and intimidating. It does suck that you only have one hour and you have to finish your plate. Its forcced more than enjoyed. The sushi is ok and the yum yum sauce is good. I won't be returning though.
4	I'm from San Diego and was up in Las Vegas for the weekend.  We were on Yelp.com and looking for some nice Sushi place.  Many of the places didn't open until 5pm on Sunday and we were stuck driving around until we found Inaka Sushi.  We didn't know anything about the place but we decided just to go in since they were open.I'll talk about the bad things later but I have to say I love this place and the food.I decided to pay $20(lunch) for all you can eat sushi.  You must eat everything you order or else you'll be charged for the leftovers.  You also must eat within an hour.  I love the Americanized rolls so you can take this review as-is. The one thing I always look for in a sushi place is the Philadelphia Roll.   This place made the best tasting sushi I've had.  The fish wasn't room temperature.  It was cool and tasted fresh.  I then tried the Mountain Roll(Baked Salmon on California Roll with Mayo) tasted pretty good as well.   I also had the best Spider Roll(Soft Shell Crab Roll) here.  The crab was crunchy and taste pretty good.   I ended up having another order of Philadelphia Roll before I called it quits.  I had the green tea ice cream and it was also one of the best tasting i've had. The bad:The Philadelphia Roll went for $9.99 for 8 pieces.  The pieces were bit on the small side but they were good.  Many of the rolls above are over $10.  The ice cream was $3.00 for one scoop.  If you going to go here, I suggest you do the all-you-can-eat because just ordering it a-la-carte isn't worth it.  Lunch is $20 and Dinner is $24.  If you're eatting over $20 worth of food, then this place is definitely awesome to go to.  I had a lemonade and it cost me $4.50.  I don't know about you but even if  I get unlimited refills, $4.50 is definitely not worth it for me.  Stick to water imo.Other than that, I love the place and will be coming back.  The people were nice and we even had a nice small chat to the waitress about where we were from.  Everytime someone came in, the chef knew their name so I am assuming this place gets alot of regulars.  If I didn't live 5 hours away, I would be a regular too.
4	They have the best veggie sushi roll!  I've tried many places in vegas, and none can beat out my good ole Inaka!  They are a small place, that is always friendly.  Go here for the veggie roll!
5	Great for the whole family.  They treat us like we own the place and my kids love it.  I think it just good sushi and I am in and out. Nothing fancy but if you want a tummy full of good sushi for a good price you can't beat it!
4	This place has a relish veggie roll. I'm practically addicted to it!  I also like their green salad.  The service is good and quick here as well, and the place is never so busy that you have to wait to sit.  yay!
4	Great all you can eat sushi place. Try the Leo roll and the mango mochi! Good service and clean!
3	We've been looking for a favorite sushi place.   Inaka is pretty good,  but still not the BEST! Alan the sushi chef is incredible!  Nice, Friendly, Fast and inventive.The fish is Fresh and cool and good. My favorite is the Dragon roll with soy paper.  Ricks favorite is the sashimi platter.   Edamame portion is too small,  the Gyoza is good.Whatever you do, don't try the fried rice,  it was absolutely gross.  white rice soaked in brown sauce and too many veggies and not enough chicken (hence the 3 stars instead of 4) For sushi a good find.
5	This is the only place my husband and I usually go for sushi.  We try others, but they are never as good.  We always get the all u can eat and our favorites are the following: cajun albacore nigiri, Inaka roll, Pacific Roll, baked green mussel, jalapeno popper, ama ebi, and salmon kama.  If you don't like sushi, they have a chicken dish that I love.  I think it's called spicy chicken and it's served in a cast iron sizzling platter so it caramelizes the sticky spicy sauce...Yummy!
4	HELLO KITTY ROLL.  That's what it's about here ladies and gents.  This is my go to roll whenever I visit Inaka mainly because it's not really saucy and every other roll here is pretty dang saucy.  So if you're into thick sauces being lathered all over your sushi then this is yo' jamz.  But as for me, the hello kitty roll is my favorite because it reminds me of the yama crunch (which should affectionately be known as THE mecca of all that is sushi).  I'm also pretty fond of the dragon roll because of the soy wrap that they use to make it.  I'm not a particular fan of the roll (because of the eel in it) but I think I really like the concept of using the soy paper.  Some of my best friends actually swear by the hamachi kama appetizer here at Inaka, but I'm more of a salmon kama kind of guy and the past few times I've been here they were out.  Oh well.  This joint would be a "fiver" if it wasn't for all the sauce getting in the way.
5	We stumble upon this place when the wait at another sushi place was too long, and boy am I glad we did.  Kinda a hole in the wall but wow!!! The girls keep our table clear, never an empty plate left, and the sushi is great.  All you can eat menu has a good assortment of rolls, and everything seems very fresh!!  Allen is an awesome sushi chef, give geanerous pieces of fish were some places cut them super thin.  I will continue to go back and love it!
5	I always come back to this place. It's the best for me. Especially since I live in North Las Vegas. Wait...Don't get me wrong. There are places closer to me and around town. Tried them, but I always come back here.
4	19.95 all you can eat! Friendly service that's close to home is always welcome.
2	Price is good but never have eaten at a sushi place with all you can eat that doesn't allow all specialty rolls to be offered
2	I usually order a la carte, and my guy gets all you can eat. I do not like raw and he only likes raw. The waitress is like up my a$$ the whole time to make sure I don't take sushi off of his plate. I'm like are you kidding me? I wouldn't eat that raw stuff even if it was free. :))) Haven't been back in a while...Update: went back a second time and ate at the counter. I had an ant walk up on my soda cup and stopped eating immediately. Never went back to give them a third chance...
5	My wife and I recently moved to Vegas from San Diego... After almost a year of searching for a great sushi place, we found our home... This place is amazing!!! I haven't and won't go anywhere else... We get all you can eat for around $20 each, and Thomas the chef is amazing! Anyone looking for a great place to get sushi with a great staff needs to go here!
5	This is my FAVORITE sushi place!  My husband and I have had probably 20+ trips to Inaka on Eastern and we love it.  I have been known to break my diet, pick up sushi on my way home several times, go there for a sad day to pick my mood up, I just love the place!  Miss my old two favorite waitresses that knew our order with our faces, but the place is still fantastic.  Wish they did a punch card or something is my only desire.  Best spicy shrimp I've had from a sushi place!
4	All-you-can-eat is reasonably priced and you get a free bottle of Saki. Food tasted fresh and very friendly service but they don't take Amex.
5	Moved to Las Vegas almost a year ago from Hawaii. My mom brought me to Inaka Sushi and I have to say, it's better than any sushi restaurant in Hawaii.All you can eat is reasonably priced.  They have a special "yum yum" sauce that is addicting!  Selection is larger than almost all sushi restaurants I've been to in Vegas so far.  And there's never a wait for a table.The only downside I can think of is they don't serve Tobikko, but the Masago substitues just fine.  Also, mochi ice cream would be a great addition to their menu.All in all, this is really the only sushi place I like to eat at.  Would recommend it to ANYONE, and will go back again.
2	We went there for lunch for the AYCE. The rice on the nigiri's is way too much, but then again, I didn't see any Japanese cooks making them, so I can't blame them if they don't know what they are doing. No matter how nice the servers are, the food needs to be good for me to return.  Not my favorite place.
4	Very fresh and extremely yummy! The all you can eat rocks. Spider & shrimp tempura rolls are my fave. Will definitely be going back.
5	This is the best place of sushi in Las Vegas, you can't beat the all you can eat deal. They have all their rolls, soups, and specials on the all you can eat menu. The staff remember you and the rolls you always get.  It is fast, fun, and unique. We always suggest it to friends, family, and tourists.  The Inaka Roll is so good along with the Screaming Orgasm.
5	I've never been here and just stopped because we were hungry and just happen to be driving by a sushi joint that offered AYCE.  We figured why not?  I was actually pretty impressed.   What we demolished:*  Shrimp Tempura - Not my fav.  It had a bit of a weird taste.  Nonetheless still good.*  Shumai - these were deep fried and were heavy.*  Yum Yum Roll -  Yum Yum indeed!*  Sugar Dad Roll -  I accidentally ordered this, but it was good!* Spider Roll - a classic favorite.  How can you mess this one up?* Sake Nigiri -  The freshest fish in town.  Seriously it was amazing!!!!!* Harry Potter Roll - Very vinegary in taste.  Jade and I were not impressed.* Pacific Roll -  Coconut and Sushi.. whaaaa??  I definitely will order this again!Pros: *  They had a few interesting specialty rolls (such as the Pacific Roll). Plus! *  Very clean interior and friendly staff * Stamp card available ! * Seriously the freshest Salmon!  Thick cut and Fresh! *  I loved their presentation & how they combine numerous orders on 1 plate.Cons: *  Parking can be a pain. *  Harry Potter Roll & Shumai in my opinion were a no go.Overall:  This place could have given me super crappy service and have overcharge me on AYCE,  but serving me Sake Nigiri of this quality would still give them a 5 star!  I'm really picky with my Sake Nigiri (my fav) and seriously this place had the freshest I have ever tried! Jade and I are pretty big fans of Sushi and I think I can speak for the both of us by saying we definitely recommend this place to others.Tips:  * have some Sake Nigiri!  *  Experiment with their Specialty Rolls.    * Just in case they forget, make sure to ask for their Stamp Card.
5	Signed up on this site specifically to review Inaka.  It has become our go-to ACYE sushi joint, and is well worth the money.$19.95 for lunch, $23.95 for dinner.  The fish is extremely yummy---the garlic tuna melts in your mouth and is super delicious.  The rolls aren't flashy, but are packed with flavor, and the service is outstanding.  The chefs are super friendly and willing to recommend/tweak their menu for you to get you what you like.As far as rolls... the Inaka roll is great.  Wife can't get enough.  Really enjoy the Pacific roll with coconut shrimp in the middle.  Yum!  Could use a little more variety as far as dessert goes (only 3 types of ice cream, no mochi), but who goes to sushi for dessert, right?Stamp card is almost full, and I can't wait to get back to finish it off!
4	Was visiting w/ my bf n his brother from CA and didn't to eat here w/ their bro n sister in law who recently moved to Henderson. It's like All You Can Eat within ONE Hour of ordering!! And make sure you finish it All cuz they'll charge you!! It was my first experience with sushi n thanks to this place I love it!! The five of us finished everything we ordered and were Stuffed!! Service was Great btw!! Very fast!!
2	Not the best AYCE sushi place in Vegas. The one waitress seemed like she didn't want to be there. It's work, we know but that's just bad customer service. Also don't get the  shumai(spchek). Tasted like it was the frozen kind. My gf spit it out and wrapped it up in a tissue, then put the last two pieces in another tissue and slipped it into my pocket so we didn't have to eat it. Threw it away right after we left.Quick tip: don't get all the nigiri or rollsin one order, they will put them all together and if you get any with sauces such as the garlic sauce or teriyaki sauce, they will mix into the other rolls. Idk about some but I like my nigiri without a sauce unless I plan on dipping it into some soy sauce. It gets two stars cause the chefs called the waitress to help us. Or else it would've gotten one.
4	I honestly give this place a 3.7 but what the hell, I'll round (lolz).I've been coming to Inaka Sushi for awhile now. The sushi is delicious! If your a fan of nigiri like I am, you'll love it here. The fish always tastes fresh and the oils on the tuna, tastes amazing. My all time favorite roll there is the Hello Kitty roll =) If you have a small group the service is good and the place is clean.What keeps me from giving this place a complete 4 or 5 is because of the service. The first time I came here was with a group of friends (there was 6 of us). The place was already packed for dinner so the wait time was about 15 min. When they gave us a table, it was in a corner with it's own little "cove", it looked like they just stuck a table there so that we wouldn't have to wait long. But since I've been back that table is purposely there. So guess it's good for some privacy. Anyways, the lady that was serving us was really friendly and fun but she kept for getting our orders (drinks and ice cream) good thing you have to check off what sushi you want on paper or she might forget that too! Maybe its cause we were in the corner or the place was pack, and granted there were only 2 waitresses for the whole place but we were forgotten most of the time. We were barely checked on and it took awhile for someone to get our orders.Despite my first time here, I come back for the sushi, with my boyfriend or a small group. The service is better.
4	Stopped in with a group of 5 guys who love this place.  We basically told the sushi chefs to have at it and make whatever...everything that came was very good.  Sashimi was very fresh, rolls were excellent with some interesting flavors and the sushi chefs were very fun.  If I could find this place again, I'd certainly come back for the creations.
5	This is all you can eat sushi restaurant. And did we eat a lot! We sat at the bar watching the chef making of every sushi that we ate.  It cannot get any fresher that this. Everything we had was very good. They have a lot to choose from. All you can eat deal is better then order each roll individually. It was fun talking to the guy making sushi. It was like in the movie "Lost in Translation" BTW we love that movie!!! Everything was delicious, place was not crowded did not have to wait for next roll. Sake was very good too. Price was affordable for all you can eat. At the peak hour they get busy but not overly busy. Owner handed "membership card" and if you eat 10x you get 11 for free. We are going back for sure.
5	Great sushi, first place i goto when i get into town, all you can eat is awesome. The staff make you feel wecome and also give some great suggestions if you cannot make up your mind from the vast selections of roll's
1	This place is not good sushi and the prices don't reflect the service.  I went with 2 friends and the waitress made a huge deal about my friend returning her cucumber salad that looked a few days old.  Will not be going back.  Smith's on Valle Verde makes better rolls!
4	Decent priced all-you-can-eat and great saki specials (weekdays). The atmosphere is a little drab though. And the music was a trip down memory lane, ha!
4	Here today for lunch. Service was great and will be back if in the area and in the mood for AYCE sushi.Taste is about average to what you can find out here. Price too about the same as everyone also.
5	Most yummy green muscle ever. I ordered 4 orders and cucumber salid with some tea.  The sushi chefs a nice and it is a clean little place. Did I mention that the green muscles are to die for?
2	Had the Bonzai and Cajun rolls..both had a weird taste and the rice was mushy. It tasted and looked as if it was pounded and them rolled up. The spicy sweet sauce on the Bonzai was clear and slimy. Never coming back.
4	Personally i hate sushi, My daughter loves it so i bring here here once and a while. She loves it and the service is great.
1	Honestly, this was the most disgusting sushi I've ever had in Las Vegas. (Missouri sushi is a whole different story) I eat sushi ALOT and I can definitely tell the difference between awesome sushi, mediocre sushi, and awful sushi and inaka was just awful. The specialty rolls were bland and my fiance and I literally had to choke down the 4 rolls we ordered so we wouldn't get charged for the remainder. Yes that's right we only had FOUR rolls. I dared to try the salmon nigiri and it wasn't any better. I also tried the baked green mussels which is normally my favorite thing and I couldn't even finish it. I really have no idea what the other people writing reviews on this place are thinking... I can only assume they have never had good quality sushi so this is good quality to them. The service was ok. The sushi chefs were not interested in being there and you could totally tell. The waitress had to ask them multiple times to get started on our order.All in all Inaka sushi was the worst ever and I will never be going there again. If you are looking for an amazing sushi place, go to Sushi Koma and you will not regret it.
5	Inaka was the first Sushi place I went to when I moved to Vegas six years ago. And I'm STILL going back. I love their service - they know exactly what I want to eat and drink and they are amazingly fast. I went with a large group of friends and the chef had my food ready and served and JJ had my drink and appetizers to me before the rest of my party was even ready to order - hence my new nickname - "Sushi Princess" I love Inaka and everytime I have friends in from out of town, I go there. Bonzai is my absolute favorite, Crunch roll is good too and the pacific roll is yummy Coconut and shrimp!).Price is reasonable! Only $20 for lunch, and $25 for dinner (dinner includes hot sake)
5	There are many options for sushi throughout the Las Vegas area. Many good ones but this has taken a top spot on my list. I have some friends who have been here and I don't know why I never visited sooner. One night after work I was in the mood for AYCE sushi and decided to try Inaka Sushi. Pretty standard looking inside, quick welcome and glad to take an open seat at the bar. There were 2 chefs, one older and one younger. I sat with the younger chef and he was friendly and turned out to be awesome. As with most other places, you find some of the same rolls so I started off with a couple of my usual suspects mixed in with some nigiri. This is when the chef asked about what I type of fish I liked, spicy preference, etc. I was more than happy to try his suggestions. WOW. He was great, making some rolls I may not have thought to try or overlooked. I loved every one he made. I went back again since for a 2nd visit, sat with the same chef and he remembered me. The older chef remembered me as well just from some casual conversation during my first visit. Pretty much the same if not better visit. Had one of my favorite rolls and one I recall that he made for me last time. This visit he ended up making something custom based on my likes and man it was good. This has become my favorite place and I will be going back again soon.
1	The worst ever..  Wasted my money
5	Been here lots. It is a different experience sitting at the bar. The best service is directly with the sushi chefs. Unfortunately the servers at the tables at times don't seem too friendly or attentive.  If you are going to do all you can eat the bar is where it is at. The food: I love everything!  It is all so fresh and I love it all. I don't order cooked anything. I order raw fish and my fish must be fresh. I can smell and taste it if it isn't.  So I'm very comfortable with going raw at this establishment. Decor: Not fancy but average looking and casual.  It is a small place but it is very clean.
5	Awesome place for rolls, the staff is really cool and friendly.
1	My husband and I use to come here a lot a few years ago when Apple was still here and we could not complain about it. However, we went last night after not coming for a while and all I can say so that the service is horrible.  Not only was the male server rude to us but he yelled at an elderly couple and embarrassed them in front of everyone.  I know the rules say that you can not share with people who are not doing the all you can eat option but this poor elderly lady's sushi roll had not come yet and she took a piece of her husband's roll (mind you they said it was going to be the same roll) because the wife was starving.  They are an elderly couple! Give them a break! I'm sure they aren't going to eat that much. Anyway, this male server isn't very pleasant and he makes you not want to come here again. The sushi itself was just ok. Not as fresh as other places here in the Vegas/Henderson area. One thing is for sure, not coming here again!
1	I agree with "Jane D" below 100%.Sum it up: Horrible Service + Rude Cashier/Server = Never going back again.I used to order take out quite frequently via a nice female on the phone. Upon ordering, I was surprised an abrupt male speaker hurried me for an order, after agressively asking if I knew what location I was calling. I struggled to forget his rude manner on the phone, but sadly the offenses stacked up when I came in to pick up my order. 1) He became pissed when I questioned why I had only one soup with my Lunch Special order (I had ordered 2 lunch specials on the phone). 2) He was annoyed I came in wanting to add sushi last minute (heaven forbid I give them more money). 3) He thanked other patrons as they walked out the door, but said nothing to me, even when I politely said "Thank you".The food is satisfactory. Sad to say, I have been going there out of habit and failed to venture out to other Sushi places in the Anthem area. Now, I have my prompt to do so.Bottom Line: Avoid this place. I would rather tolerate bad food than blatant disrespect.
5	When it comes to sushi I am not that "sushi whore" that jumps from place to place and try's everything on the menu just to run and try another place.... Or am I? Lately I would say that I may be just that. I was all about some of the other competition here in town and I am not saying that we are done with them but Inaka was impressive, not only the service, but the speed, the cleanliness, and the quality. It was a dark cold night here in Vegas and the wife and I had a sitter for the kiddos and we decided to go out to dinner and hit up Carrabas, after pulling up and realizing that we could very easily go to carrabas with the kids so why not try and hit one of our favorite sushi restaurants. A flipped a U-turn in the parking lot and got ready to leave the parking lot as we noticed the buzzing neon of the Inaka sign that is literally on the driveway out of the shopping center. We pulled up and I pulled out the handy dandy Yelp app and notice the great reviews. This is when we pose the question... Do we A Keep driving and go to the regular joint or do we throw the car in park and try Inaka ( if you happen to be a Metro officer, The car was in park and I was on a hands free device...) needless to say we turned the car off and headed inside. The greeting was quick and we were at a table in no time with our larger than average glasses of water, which I love by the way, the one thing I hate is running out of water. The all you can eat menu is large and includes lots of fresh fish options. some of the creative rolls are very impressive also. Here is where they truly shine. I think we ordered like 5 rolls combined, the gentlemen at the counter grabbed our order and no joke within about 5 minutes we had all the rolls and appetizers we ordered on our table. WOW. Other places that we like to go to take that long to bring us drinks let alone bring the food. I am a fan of this place now, The sushi was fresh, the service was fast and friendly and the plum ice cream was a great way to end the meal. If you are off of Eastern running around or taking care of something and the hunger pains start calling, Do not hesitate to hit up Inaka you will not be let down.
3	It's the most convenient AYCE sushi restaurant in the Henderson/Anthem area.  Overall, not a bad place and I'd come again.  But not my favorite in the city.  I'd rather go farther for better.  The space is clean and spacious.  Authentic Japanese kimonos and artwork line the walls.  It wasn't busy on the Mother's Day holiday that I went (~25% filled at any given time), but families did come so it was steady.  However, saying that, there should be no excuse as to why we didn't get better service.  We were missing utensils/straws/salad orders and when we reminded the server, he seemed annoyed.  They didn't clear our table as quickly as they brought the food so at one point, we ended up with a few empty dishes cluttering our table.  When we got the check, he had incorrectly charged us more tax than was required.  It's a lot of little things that could have been prevented if someone had been paying more attention.  The food is delicious and that would be the only reason I'd come back.  My favorites were the Pacific Roll, Hello Kitty Roll, and the Bonzai Roll (if you like sweet + spicy sriracha).  The cucumber salad was disappointing and didn't taste as fresh and crisp as I'm used to.  Free refills for soda are a plus.  Overall, not a bad experience.  The food balanced the mediocre service.  I'd come again but I'd be coming back more strict.
1	Went here with a group of friends since the AYCE sushi we'd planned on going to was closed. We were not impressed. Pros: They got the food to us pretty fast. (Of course we were the only ones there).I thought the gyoza was better than some I've had. My husband really liked the salmon collar (I think that's what it was)Cons: Sweet shrimp looked shriveled?? Maybe it had been frozen. I wouldn't know. But, husband forced it down. Everything else was pretty "meh" That was the consensus of our group of sushi-lovers. Also, the server seemed to be rushing us. When we were filling out the sushi form, he came and asked if we were done yet. He kept checking to see if we still wanted the rest of the rolls that we ordered, and mentioned that more people had come in. We didn't complain about anything once. I didn't try much. I ate the vegetarian roll. It was supposed to have avocado in it, but barely had any. It's vegetables! Why skimp on the avocado for a veg. roll? The other rolls didn't look very appetizing to me, so I didn't bother.  I'm not the biggest seafood/ sushi fan. I can only eat so much of it before I get tired of eating it. If it's really fresh, and well-made, then yes, I'll try it. But if it seems less than fresh, or not great in quality, then I won't bother.
1	Went there over the weekend with a party of 12, had some issues.Good: Food was good.  No issues with the quality of the sushi at all.Bad: Service was awful.  We all got AYCE, and they had us fill out the papers on the table (which is normal.)  We only received some of the food that was ordered and had to request the rest of it on more than one occasion.Some of us had beer, some had sake, some (myself) just had water.  The server couldn't figure out who had who, so wrote all of the checks as one lump sum and split it between us... making my (and my girls) 2 $25 AYCE and waters to $74.  Everyone else at the table was having the same issue.  When we explained that we all know what we ordered and should pay that, the server started to argue (really) with us about "how it works."  Well, 20 minutes later we finally got the correct bills and left.I can get good sushi at tons of places in town (Kaizen is about 3 minutes from this place and is better,) but with service like we received, I won't be returning.
4	Inaka Sushi is not our usual sushi place.  We decided to give it a try since we were in the neighborhood.  It is a good place for all you can eat sushi.We were greeted promptly at the door and seated quickly.  The wait staff did not mind if we shared our all you can eat sushi with our 2 year old daughter.  We were told that we would be charged another AYCE if our daughter was 4 or older.  Good to know.My wife and I chose a variety of sushi rolls such as California rolls, spicy tuna, caterpillar rolls, tomago, oshinko, and cucumber rolls.  All of the sushi was fresh, the plate presentation was awesome and the sushi was delicious.Overall, it was a good experience.  It seemed to me that you would get better service at the sushi bar.  If I am in the neighborhood again (St. Rose and Eastern) again, I would give Inaka Sushi another try.
5	Great food and never have to wait for a table. Service is excellent and the orange roll is a must have!!!
5	I have been coming here for a long time. I come as much as once a week. The food is amazing and the service is great. Even if you come in and it's busy, as long as you are patient and understand - it's to die for. I've never had a bad roll or bad service. I recommend it. I don't understand how anyone could have a bad time here.
2	We came here on a Sunday evening and ordered 1. Dynamite, 6- Baked Mixed Spicy Scallop, Sushi Rice W/Special Mayonnaise, Eel Sauce2. Take box, 16.95- Beef Teriyaki, Shrimp, Vegetable Tempura, Gyoza, California Roll3. Ume box, 16.95- Salmon Teriyaki,Shrimp, Vegetable Tempura, Gyoza, California Roll for $7 (Used the $20 Groupon, valued at $40)- Have you ever eaten at Yasai Japanese Grill before? ..Yasai is a Japanese fast food restaurant thats all over SoCal. Their bento boxes taste very similar at almost 2x the price. Although at Yasai, there is no gyoza, there is a vegetable skewer! ..Salad was plain. Yasai has 2 salads! One is an oriental salad with madarin oranges! So good. ...They give less beef and salmon teriyaki here than Yasai. - Miso was good. Not too salty. Hot when received.- Beef teriyaki was tough. My GF almost choked for not chewing extra thoroughly! haha. oh man, fail. - Salmon teriyaki was also tough, but better than their beef teriyaki - Dynamite was good. Although a bit oily, there were plenty of scallops. Fresh. Recommend. - 2 tempura shrimp. 1 onion. 1 yam. 1 cucumber. - Service was a bit slow. They forgot to give us soy sauce and tempura sauce so we had to wait a while before we ate. So to sum it up, Aside from AYCE, their bentos are fast-food quality. Maybe they should open up a Yasai Japanese Grill in this area. I'm sure it'll be very successful.
5	I have been going to Inaka for years. Their sushi is some of the best I've had, everything is always fresh and the chefs are always willing to change up anything in a roll, not that it's necessary since they have a great variety already. Also the price for the AYCE is very reasonable and competitively priced compared to others around town.
2	in the area of Eastern/Horizon Ridge in henderson there a few good sushi choices, but for us, this is not one of them. While I cannot site by name each role we had, I can say that none of them stood out or impressed. The plus side was the incredible speed at which they showed up (although lacking any personality), the minus side was the flavor/quality. We happened to have a Groupon, had ordered beer and was told if we bought two we got one free. However, once we presented the Groupon, the third was apparently not free after all. So, for $72 for2 of us, with pretty flavorless sushi, next time we will head back to either kaizen or I Love Sushi.
2	Average food. Lack presentation, ingenuity, and tasty. Taste like something I've picked up from a grocery store.
5	I've said it once, and I'll say it again: I love this place. Been coming for years. The sushi is always good and the staff is amazing. They love to make small talk with us and even when it's busy they are amazing. The fish always tastes fresh and I love when they have me try new things. Their new rolls are amazing, including the Starlight Roll.I think if people have a bad review about this place, that they are just bitter about life. I will ALWAYS recommend this place with NO hesitation
2	Sushi was okay.  $24 for all you can eat sushi. We got a few rolls immediately but then it took them 45 minutes to bring the rest of the sushi. You only have one hour so we couldnt order anything else. Worse, Most of the sushi they brought to the table was not what we ordered.  They dont refill your drinks and generally have bad service. Beware!
3	The food was good and the AYCE price ($19.95 for lunch) was great! But, the waiter was super rude and barely spoke to us while waiting on us. Not a reason to stay away, but steer clear on slower days when there's only one waiter (it's a super tiny restaurant, but not uncomfortably so).
2	I have to say this place is very meh.  It is a tiny place, the waiter was super cool quiet nothing super special.  Their hot foods were not on par with any of the sushi places around here.  I must say it was very very difficult eating those seafood rangoon.  Super dry and the flavors were not something i wanted.  The sushi was ok.  The nigiri is decent, their rolls were not so great.  Not too much of a selection of items, the price is good though.  I would rather go to some of the other sushi places around the area for the better quality and selection.
1	I have been going to Inaka for over 7 years. Management has never been especially friendly, but tonight I found out Thomas and Larry - the best sushi chefs in Vegas, don't work there anymore. The owner and the new chef served me at the bar and there was not one single roll that was made correctly. Not one!They were sloppy, falling apart, drenched with sauce, some of them had the WRONG sauces and ingredients. Long story short - I will never go back.
4	Really good sushi.  Always fresh and the chef makes good conversation when I am there on lunch.  I get the sushi quite fast as well.
3	This place was highly recommended to me by a friend. I have been meaning to try it again. I had eaten here once several years ago. Food is good... Sushi was fresh & tasted good. I would definitely recommend that no one order the garlic edamame as it was inedible, but other than that every thing else that we ordered was fine.  As far as sushi goes Octopus was really good, eel, white fish & yellow tail were great! ... Boyfriend said the sea urchin was the best he's had... I couldn't try it.... Maybe if it had been in a roll or something ... But just with rice & wrapped no thanks. For rolls the Japanese Lasagna was OK... Boyfriend didn't prefer it (so what - more for me) although almost every piece I had fell apart... But what can you do. We both really liked the Kiss the Ass Roll & Leo #3 (daily special), and sec on the beach. Our absolute favorite was the Unagi roll.  Delicious! As far as service that's where things get a little sloppy. For the most part we received everything we asked for... Although I did all for lemon for my water & was basically told no, until my boyfriend asked them he finally brought me some.  Neither sushi Chef nor waiter smiled at either of us even once during our entire visit, and I was going out of my way to be extremely nice. I said thank you about 40 times. It was kind of ridiculous. Twice the sushi Chef just kind of grunted our way when we ordered something new. Also we arrived around 2pm, lunch AYCE goes until 3,  but we were charged for the dinner AYCE. We didn't complain because we ordered a lot, but something to keep an eye on. I'm not saying we won't be back, but they're are a lot of sushi places on Eastern that have great quality fish & pleasant staff. Pull it together, Inaka!
4	Pretty good sushi. Went with a friend for lunch. $19.95 all you can eat special. Quick service. Friendly staff. Their spicy sauce wasn't that spicy. TNT roll was the best. The yellow tail and red snapper sushi was really good.
5	We had lunch here yesterday before we headed up to Mt. Charleston for some snow and fresh air. We got there right when they opened at 11:30 and we were the first ones in. The sushi was fresh and the service was very good. Spideman roll was fresh and tasty with a good soft shell crab inside. Caterpillar roll, Spicy tuna roll was perfect and we really enjoyed the sushi overall and ordered the garlic tuna twice because it was very fresh and delicious. $19.95 a person for lunch and a few dollars for the drinks is a great deal. The only flaw is the wasabi, it was very mild and a not a single wasabi "buzz" the whole time, might have to bring my own tube next time!We'll be back more often, we don't live that far away. Good job Inaka Sushi!
