5	Our server whipped up some guacamole that was just divine (if you agree that slightly supple, perfectly ripe avocados bring you closer to your chosen God anyhow), and the small talk he made whilst combining fresh lime juice and pico de gallo, avocados and onions, struck me as genuine and pleasant. He actually provided the friendliest, most timely restaurant service during my entire Vegas stay. Huzzah.The Mahi Mahi salad is filling and well-balanced. The ceviche, though lacking in scallops, glides down your gullet with the greatest of ease. Their free baskets of chips are lovingly sprinkled with cayenne seasoning, too.And don't forget the snazzy pink and lime decor, bold without jarring the senses. The rest of Vegas, you could take a lesson from this place! Actually, Vegas, I want you to dance 18 inches apart from this gal and keep your hands to yourself. She still seems so darling and fresh-faced.PS: This place is in Planet Hollywood.
4	A cool modern Mexican restaurant tucked away on the main floor of Planet Hollywood.  Great bar view of the entire casino.I had a Dos Equis Amber for $6 which tasted like a burnt Mexican Bud Light - yes it was awful.  Should have done the Fat Tire.  And a grilled chicken tostada salad for $12 that was not bad.  Good food and drinks, good prices, hip atmosphere, all at one of the newer Strip properties strikes me as a great deal.  One complaint: the bartender - who gave me the Dos Equis when I asked for a dark beer? - was very pretty and just as rude.  Just a lot of unnecessary attitude.  She reminded me of a quote by the travel writer Bill Bryson:"I have no problem with poor service - it makes it so much easier to not tip."
4	ACCESSIBILITY REVIEWNo complaints what so ever.  They don't have a restroom.  I asked for one and they just pointed me toward the casino restrooms.  All-in-all, the wheelchair accessible restrooms in Nevada for the most part suck worse than those in California.RESTAURANT REVIEWThis place is located inside of the Planet Hollywood Casino.  Don't ask me where exactly because even if I tell you, you'll probably still get lost.  It (the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino) is huge and it's just retarded.I was seated immediately.  I got my chips and salsa, ordered my drink and then the manager came out to greet me.  HUGE PLUS!!!  I love it when they do this.  I kindly asked him if he had hotter salsa, and he brought me out diablo sauce, which was actually too hot for me and the taste wasn't as good as the regular sauce.  Unfortunately, their sauce is like some sort of roasted thing that I don't care for.  I'd rather eat something that looks more red, not blackish.I ordered some sort of enchilada but the server came back and said they were out.  I wasn't too happy, so I changed to the Carne Asada Ranchero.  I should've asked for medium-well.  Oh well, my fault.  The food was pretty good, it came with some sort of tamale, some weird looking rice that I'd never seen before and some black beans that I don't care for, either.  I didn't really care, I was just hungry and looking to experience the place.  I'm glad I did.  I actually found it off Vegas.com.I can't remember what I drank, it was some minty-leafy drink with alcohol.  It was good.  I wanted to try something new rather than you run-of-the-mill margarita.
5	Excellent enchiladas, especially for being on the strip. Drinks were strong and delicious. I kinda laughed though when the waitor made the "fresh" guacamole in front of us. I dont really think that was necessary...but the hostess was amazingly hot and there are a few good people watching tables in the restaurant
4	One of the best places I ate in Vegas. I recommend ordering the guacamole appetizer. It was worth it to watch our waitress make it fresh right in front of us -- plus if you don't like something they can easily leave it out.I had mushroom fajitas and they were awesome! Strawberry Margarita was not that great. I expected more from a Mexican restaurant. Waitress was very attentive.
4	I ate here for a work dinner in and it was alright.  We had chips and salsa, asada, strawberry drink, tamales, and it was all decent.  The carmel flan looked nasty and none of us would eat it ;))  Service was  a bit slow in the server bringing us drinks and water.  It is in odd location towards back.
4	Pretty tasty sweet corn tamales and huge margaritas....raspberry flavor to boot. Service was okay, but the chips and salsa were spot on, just like Chevys...yep almost my favorite. Small, inside location, quite accommodating.Best part...didn't have to pay. Me likey.
4	the best margaritas i've ever had... fresh fruit, and a tasty aftertastedespite the huge probability of this being an americanized version on mexican food, the corn chowder tasted pretty authentic - definitely NOT from a can like the soup i had at another place...nice portions (except for the crab cakes), and awesome chips/salsa... definitely a good place to dine...
4	The food was good. They make the guacamole table side and give you the option to not include any of the ingredients. I heard the flautas were amazing, but didn't try them. I got the barbecued salmon with mashed sweet potatoes and asparagus. Salmon with 2 of my favorite side dishes are hard to beat. Perfect amount of food too. Enough to create a nice base for drinking all night, but not too much that you feel bad leaving most of it behind. I felt the specialty drinks were a touch too sweet, but you could tell they were made well. Also our server was incredibly nice and not just split up the tab for us but also split the shared items so we were charged a fraction of each.
4	I had a romm in Planet Hollywood and upon checking in they gave me a coupon Yolos. Buy and entree and get a free margarita... So I decided to go there for lunch Why not right?! Free margarita? I'm so there!I was in Vegas solo for a business trip so I sat at the bar. The bartender was friendly and recommended a few things on the menu, talked to me from time to time. She was very nice. I chose the street tacos combo since she said it was the best on their menu. She was so right! I had the combo of steak, carnitas & shrimp. I also received fresh salsa and chips, rice, beans and fresh guacamole. The shrimp had to be hands down my fave! The mango salso/sauce with it complimented the marinated shrimp excellently. The margarita was huge! Took me a while to finish it but I savored every last drop. =)
4	The food is good and the price is decent. I wasn't too hungry so I ordered myself a strawberry margarita and a plate of the habanero hot wings ($8) because I was curious about the dry rub.The hot wings were hot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm a fan of hot hot wings so I was satisfied, but no one else at the table wanted to touch them. If you've ever ordered atomic hot wings from Wing Stop, they're not quite as spicy but they definitely compare. But enough about hot wings from a Mexican restaurant...The margarita was really good. Wish I had one right now... I had bites of chicken nachos, a carne asada plate, and beef fajitas--delicious as well. The fresh guacamole is great, too, although I heard complaints about the endless chips being too salty.I don't know if I would come back to Yolos since there are so many other places to try in Vegas, but I would recommend it to a first-timer looking for fairly-priced Mexican food on the strip.
4	Dude, I can't even lie.. I usually won't touch a Mexican spot inside a resort, casino, tourist attraction.. I just have too much self respect for my stomach. I was in Vegas last weekend and met a few of my Dutch friends, and of course they saw this place and wanted to get their grub on.. so who am I to turn down a tourist wish? The place is actually pretty nice, a full bar right at the front and the layout is pretty clean. I ordered the Mahi Mahi fish tacos with black beans and rice, and I gotta say.. they were the BEST fish tacos I've ever had. Believe me when I say.. I've had me some fish tacos during my life.. but these were just so damn tasty. The dutchies at the table enjoyed their food too, so all in all it was a damn good meal. Only 4 stars because the price was a bit high, but otherwise I'll be back.
3	PROS: I love Mexican-American food. You know, with that black bean and cilantro rice kinda twist? Yup. I had shredded beef enchiladas and Coronas galore. CONS: My poor friend had a steak tostada and I guess it was terrible, so maybe don't order that. The service was non existent . . . it seems the only qualification is that you have to be pretty to work there. xxx C
4	Excellent food  GREAT Prices Good service all and all very pleased. The only thing lacking slightly was the wait staff.  I had the chicken tacos and they were very fresh and delicious!!  Enjoy your trip!!
4	The food is good and so are the cocktails. I had their Mahi-Mahi Tacos :-) and loved the cilantro rice. They have cool interior and lighting...very modern and fun/cute.On Fri/Sat nights, they turn their space into a dance floor and play latin music. Don't expect salsa tho...more top-40 type songs. And the crowd is a lil ghetto...we didn't stay long.
3	While staying at Planet Hollywood, we checked out Yolo's for lunch while waiting for friends that were gambling.  Ordered some wings as appetizers along with some soft tacos.  Pretty decent stuff, and I'd eat here again if given the opportunity.  Service was very good for our table, and everyone was very hospitable.
2	Looking at the other reviews I think that maybe I came on an off day. Though I do think it's kinda interesting that there is such a things as "Mexican-American" food... wouldn't it just be American food? Or "Food of the Americas", I like that better....Anhyoo, the food was only ok, and I was the only customer at the time so you'd figure I'd get better service. But the plus was the drink. So if you're in the mood to go to a bar and the Heart Bar is too busy, go to Yolos for a drink, but skip the beans and salsa.Enjoy a Martini for me!
3	They have a basic menu that provided a foundation for the next 12 hours.  Friendly staff, moderately attentive.  We got our food to go because it was a bit noisy.
4	Yolos was all I could have asked for and more. I am a yelp fanatic. I yelp everything I do in life. Knowing this, my friend Ashley asked me to find and make a reservation at a restaurant in Las Vegas for her 21st birthday. She wanted Mexican food. I gladly accepted this task. First I took into consideration what Ashley likes. She's hip to say the least. Loves fashion and into new music. With that said, I was looking for a modern Mexican restaurant. Thanks to Yelp, Yolos fell perfectly into my lap. It's hip, it's modern. The ambiance was perfect for Ashley and her 21st. Now I just had to hope that the food and service was good.After my experience at Yolos I can recommend: Prickly Pear Mojito - Bacardi, prickly pear puree, fresh mint and a splash of club soda, served with a sugar rim $10.00Corn Chowder - Garnished with chicken and road poblano crema (Mmm crema) $4.00 for a smallCaesar Salad - Crisp romaine lettuce, parmesan cheese and croutons served with classic Caesar dressing $7.00My friends both had the chicken breast street tacos and were raving about them. Also, chips and salsa are complimentary. The chips are served warm. They were amazing! Being that I have a mid-western palate the mild salsa was hitting. My friends on the other hand noted that they loved the flavor of the salsa but wished it was a lot spicier. I'd also like to note that the service was amazing. If you go, ask for Christina. She was a doll. Brought out a Washington Apple shot (which was actually a glass full) for Ashley for her birthday along with a piece of chocolate lava cake which was to-die-for. She was a doll and I thank her for the wonderful experience. Ashley had a marvelous time. Loved her dinner, loved the ambiance and loved the music. It's all she could have asked for.
4	I never have high expectations for places in Vegas but this one is pretty good. Decent price, good food, kinda reminds me of Pink Tacos (for all you LA ppl) It's located inside of Planet HollywoodCame here to get a "snack" which turned into a full on meal. The fajitas are pretty good. There's about 6 thin strips and they give you all the goods to put into your fajita: sour cream, guac, beans, rice, etc. The guacamole fresca is pretty damn good. They make it in front of you and it's just basically guac and chips. I don't know, I thought this place was pretty good but I was also starving so at that point, I think anything is really good. But I do recommend this place if you just want an afternoon snack or don't feel like splurging on the fancy restaurants
4	Ladies, if you're checking into Planet Hollywood for a girls weekend, stop here before you go out for the night! Men, do the same so the ladies have something to look at!I was the un-official "concierge" of our Las Vegas weekend and knew that upon arrival we would be starving and ready to eat. I Yelped PH for on-site restaurant so that we could eat...stat. Yelp came through and gave us this tasty jewel! Upon check-in, I asked the gentleman at the desk if he could make a reservation for us, which he happily did! Bonus!Atmosphere was inviting, hip, and un-pretentious. I was very impressed with the price-point vs. atmosphere...in Vegas, many restaurants depend on a so-called "hip" environment to allow them to boost their prices. Not Yolos! $12 for 3 tacos and rice & beans....and this is after you fill up on their complimentary chips and salsa!LOVED the chips & fire-roasted tomato salsa. You know you're food is going to be great when the chips are fresh and warm, and the salsa is fresh and tasty. Our server, Todd, made sure that he kept them coming. He also prepared a beautiful table-side guacamole (worth the $8, both price and presentation were spot-on.)My girls each ordered an alcoholic beverage (I don't drink) . The raspberry margarita was made with fresh berries and Todd even brought a to-go cup for the left-overs...which is why we love Vegas that much more!Ok...the food, I know I'm taking forever, but you know you want these details! Three of us ordered tacos (carnitas, steak & shrimp) & three of us loved them! I ordered carnitas, cause I'm a pork junky, and I tried the shrimp which was outstanding! Friend the fourth ordered chicken fajitas which were your standard fajitas platter with all the fixins' However, the chicken was plentiful and tasted great!My only disappointment was the rice and beans...not enough flavor here, AND the margarita fountain that wasn't! I was expecting some kind of rockin' show-piece and it was a lit-up tower with a nozzle...behind the bar. I totally had visions of "weezin' the juice!" Boo!I would come back to Yolos on another trip, and I would sample a few of the appetizers next time! I'm looking forward to it!Go here.
4	I found Yolo's to be a relatively decent restaurant offering pretty traditional mexican fare in the middle of a huge casino. The prices are very reasonable for strip food (about $15-$20) a person, and the portion sizes are just the right amount. Top that with chips & salsa as well as hand made (in front of you) guac, fantastic drinks, and snappy service, and you've got the makings of a sleeper.I found the chips and salsa to be very good for snacking - they offer a very good house made salsa with warm chips that really offer a sweet and salty mix.We also ordered two blended drinks, of which the name eludes me because we were faded as hell - but one tasted like starburst, and the other tasted like a lighter less sweet pina colada (which is damn good).Ordered the chicken nachos, which I found to be a little weird because the chips were soggy, not crispy (which probably meant microwave cheese melting action as opposed to tossing it in a oven). The chicken was shredded and plentiful, and the cheese covered the spice covered chips very well. I only wish we had some extra sour cream, some house salsa, guac, and some sweet chilis.Everything else on the table looked very good, and everyone left very satisfied and full.
5	I had a great experience here at Yolo's Mexican Grill! I would consider it the best restaurant that we visited during our trip! I mean it's not super fancy or anything but the atmosphere was great, the food was great, the customer service was awesome!Our server, Todd (i believe), was extremely nice. They make the guacamole right in front of you which is fun! It was hella good! The chips were hot and fresh!! Then when you add the freshly made guacamole.... OH MAN! I can't even describe... lol You definitely need to order it if you eat here!They had a lunch special with a salad and an entree for 12.99 i believe... that is what my friend and i did. You can also add a margarita to your lunch for 3.99 which is great!Our server was great with making sure that everything i ordered was made vegan friendly and he was extremely nice about it! It is amazing how much your server's kindness can affect your experience at a restaurant! Anyway, i ordered a salad minus the sprinkled cheese that was on top and i also got the veggie enchiladas without cheese.. The rice and black beans were also vegan. The food was amazing and i was super excited to be eating a REAL meal after the previous day of eating nothing but bland, cooked vegetables at other restaurants because those were the only veggie options they had.If you're staying at the Planet Hollywood Resort or you just want a good lunch.. come here! =)
4	I thought Yolos was great!The margarita I ordered was literally the size of my head....ok my head is small....but still....We started with the Guacamole. They make it fresh right at your table!It was excellent....perfectly seasoned with all the right flavors. The tortilla chips were hot and fresh and the salsa was nice and spicy. For my entree I ordered the Portobello Mushroom Fajitas. The Portobello Mushroom came served on a hot, sizzling skillet cut into strips. It was so meaty and delicious! They served the fajitas with cilantro rice and black beans....SO GOOD!For dessert we ordered the cheesecake and the chocolate lava cake. I didn't really care for the cheesecake but the lava cake was good. My favorite part about the desserts was the home-made cinnamon flavored whipped cream that came with them. That was something really special.I would definitely recommend Yolos! Food and service were excellent!
4	Friday night, after check in, before night on the town.... quick meal and margarita at the Yolo's. The food was okay, the margarita was splendid, but the service was HOT! He looked like a Freddie Prinze Jr! Also, he checked in on us 4 girls like every 2 minutes... gave us the line that we were he's "favorite table" line too. We also found out that he is a poor soul that went through a series of misfortunate events.... mother dying, wife in an accident and then leaves him... poor Freddie-look-a-like.But for the first meal in Vegas, it was fun and filling. I had a brain freeze when drinking that rita tho... it was sooo good!
4	Last night in Vegas and we were looking for something casual.  Headed next door and grabbed some seats at the bar - great view of the casino and the Steelers game on TV.  Yummy margarita, good guac, salsa was tasy but could be a little thicker so it stays on the chip.  I had soft shell tacos which were yummy and the hubby had enchiladas - both dished were very good.
4	I was really, really impressed with this place. We walked in on our way back from north-mid strip to the Luxor for a bite to eat in the midafternoon. It appeared to be a really basic hotel type restaurant -- mediocre food for a high price. But we were hungry and had 4.5 hours until our 9pm dinner reservations. We just needed a snack.The chips and salsa were really good (the chips came out so hot it hurt a little to eat them at first), the guacamole was good, and both the ceviche was good and the taquitos were fine. My girlfriend claims that her strawberry margarita was the best she has ever had. They use real fruit to make their fruit margaritas, so I suppose it's not all that surprising.The prices were perfectly reasonable.  Vegas' latest trend appears to be the "sexy" mexican restaurant. This was not that, but it was tasty... surprisngly so.
4	Got in late from the East Coast and I was hungry from a 5 hour flight. I love Mexican food (See reviews) and saw that my Hotel had one.  Hard to think that any of these enormous hotels on the Strip would not have a little of everything hen it comes to food!  I made a quick choice of the Mahi-Mahi Taco's and a Fat Tire beer.  A good combo for me! The Taco's were outstanding with great flavor and a nice piece of fish in each one.  The Guacamole was not so good, might have been the batch, but it had to much lemon/lime juice in it.  This is a good restaurant.  I sat at the bar and the service was good.
2	Reading the other reviews, I think we must have been here on a very off day for Yolos. There were 7 of us, all ready for a late (2pm) lunch. There were 2 other tables with customers when we were there-each with only 2 people at them. I say this because our service was terrible. Terrible. It took several minutes to get a table ready for us, because the hostess was so careful about getting the napkins and menus placed "just so" on our table. We were there for 1.5 hours total, and had time for only 1 drink because of the poor service. We were thinking that perhaps we were on a "hidden camera" show because we truly felt ignored. The worst thing, however, was a long hair found in one of my group's dish. I know it does happen, and was thankful it wasn't my dish! Having complained about service, I must say that the food was quite good. Sadly, the service really pulled the star rating way down. Again, having read the other reviews, I think we had to have been there on an off-day.
2	A meal that was bland.A waiter who loved himself.A Josh won't be back.
4	the girls and i decided to have brunch here because we needed to stay close by the hotel to wait for our arriving friend and my sister recommended the spot. before entering, we preview the framed menu on the wall to see if there's anything that looks or sounds appetizing.  apparently, there was a lunch special for $12, that included (from what i remembered) the house margarita for $4ish, a choice of entree on the Lunch special selection, salad and chips and salsa. i remember looking at the entrees separately, and thinking the lunch special was a better deal.  from the lunch special menu, i ordered the carne asada street tacos with mexican rice and a margarita,  which i had  frozen. all were really satisfying. having sides of guacamole, salsa and lemon really helped add a zest of flavor to the tacos. the margarita was extremely refreshing. kinda frothy, but super tasty. sometimes i crave their margaritas, and then start craving margaritas in general. ahh! im craving it now! the decor of the restaurant is up to date and chic. really neon bright crazy hues. a very fashionably hip mexican restaurant thats for sure. the only complaint i have is the service. we came around 11am, and the restaurant was hardly packed. it took decades to get the waitress to get our orders. then it took another 6 years for them to bring out our food. we spent at least 130-2 hours there. im definitely dining here again, when i'm in the area.
2	If you like to be overcharged for so-so food, this is the place for you.
3	I was really pleasantly surprised by this place.  Planet Hollywood has two other Mexican restaurants in the Miracle Mile that get so-so reviews and I expected Yolos would be like that but it was actually great.  The food was really good, with more complex flavors than your standard Mexican place of this price range.  We were there for Sunday brunch and they have a special brunch menu which looked good but we ended up ordering off the regular menu so I guess I can't comment on the brunch menu (although it did have a very tempting "Hangover Stew" which I would ask you to try just to tell me how it is).  The queso fundido was the best I've had anywhere, and the nachos were really good as well, every chip had a ton of yummy stuff on it.  The tortilla soup was spicy and they poured it over the tortilla strips as tortilla soup should be done.  The guacamole that came on the side of the dishes was very good so I would bet the guacamole appetizer is even better.The service was a little too in your face, but that also meant that it was very attentive so I guess that's a toss up.  I would recommend this for a good casual lunch.
4	Having grown up in LA and being a HUGE fan of mexican food I'm always skeptical about eating "posh" mexican food.Before we get started with the review, DO NOT go to this place if you are expecting "typical gringo mexican food".  What I mean by that is if you want oil soaked enchiladas with a heaping spoonful of refried beans with 3 lbs. of cheese covering a scorching hot plate and chile rellenos, crunchy tacos, and the 3 item combo from a place like Chevy's, El Torito, or Macayos, then move along.  Otherwise, keep reading.I ordered the carnitas street tacos.  The carnitas were tender inside and slightly crunchy on the outside which is a result of the braising process but also the pork slightly frying in its own fat.  They weren't greasy though, and came dressed with salsa, onions, and cilantro (hence, street tacos, like the ones you get in street taco shops).  But the flavors were outstanding.  No shredded cheese or heaps of lettuce either, which added to the authenticity of this food.  These were served with black beans and rice on the side which was nothing special, but really I didn't need anything overly overstated.Yes, paying around $12 for 3 tacos is exorbitant, especially when you pay $0.50 to $1.00 per taco in Mexico.  But come on people, it's Vegas.  If you want cheap there is a La Salsa around the corner.  And when you take a street taco and refine it to up the gourmet quality, it really was worth it.They serve the obligatory chips and salsa, and I would best describe the salsa as being a more coarse molcajete style salsa. My friend ordered the steak nachos, which were unconventional but delicious.  They were individual flour tortilla chips with a slice of grilled steak, cheese, and beans with a jalapeno slice on each chip.  Those were delicious as well.   All in all, I would highly recommend the food, but have an open mind, especially if you are expecting the same ol' american style mexican food.  Certainly hole-in-the-wall taquerias have their merits and strengths (some al pastor anyone?!) but this place provides a more upscale spin for a tasty lunch.
2	hated it.... waiter was a douche pretty hot but definitely knew it tried to pull the whole winking thing then dissapear for 20 minutes and expect us to be ok with it puhhhlease bud.  The whole place is overpriced i mean i know its vegas but still 15 dollars for a margarita in a martini glass?! wtf... we get the chips and salsa and they are pretty good chipotle salsa decent chips.  I ordered the cheviche and it shows up made out of oj and has mandarin oranges in it blecccck way to sweet cant even taste the shrimp laaame.  My friend got the veggie enchiladas and the veggies tasted like oil not even butter which would have been better they did use cotija cheese though.  We high tailed it out of there after that thank goodness
4	Yum! I really enjoyed this place. We went here for dinner on a Saturday night at 7:30 and were seated within a few minutes after arriving.We ordered the chicken tortilla soup and queso fundido which was more than enough food for two girls. Both were very tasty. I also got a margarita which was also fantastic and very strong. The salsa that came with the chips was very good, and not very spicy. Compared to other overpriced bland restaurants on the strip, this wasn't too expensive and actually worth the trip.
4	This was a nice surprise.  I had no idea what to expect so I came in with a blank slate.  The chips were good.  The salsa lacked flavor and bite.  Our server brought out a much hotter salsa upon request.  It had a much better bite and flavor.As per usual I ordered cheese enchiladas.  They were tasty with a nice sauce on the top.  Everyone else in the party was also quite happy with their new meals.Planet Hollywood is a fun casino to hang out in.  It is good to have an affordable food option.
4	Walking thru planet Hollywood deciding where to eat we where given a flyer for a free tequila shot...so hey let's head over..it's "trendy" Mexican style food. Nachos consists of 5 individual nachos with steak and all the toppings.. but once you order off the appetizer menu the food is delicious. After 11pm this grill become a salsa nightclub, nice music and crowd but not the place to stay all night, even thou when we walked past this place at 6am to the parking garage people where waiting in line to get in.
3	We wanted something a little different so made reservations for Yolo's for dinner. We got a table near the front where you can people watch and the seats were nicely coushened. We started off with chips and salsa, which were pretty good. There wasn't too much spice to the salsa, but it was good.For dinner I had the beef enchiladas. They were good, but kinda "eh". There was no spice and not much extra flavor to speak of. We had a coupon from the hotel for BOGO margaritas and the margs were definitely good!Our waiter came by about 45 seconds or so and asked if we were okay or needed anything. We kept telling him no and he kept saying "Good, no rush". Having someone tell you "no rush" every 45 seconds kind of makes you feel rushed. I don't think we were in here 45 minutes.
3	So we hit up Yolos since we were staying at Planet Hollywood and it had some pretty good Yelp reviews.  It sits off to the side of the casino floor and the bar seemed to be the place to be!  The restaurant was empty on the other hand.  When we stopped in before the Donny Clay show there were a lot of empty tables and a lot of dirty plates and napkins on them.  I don't know if they were short handed or what, but even though they had 20+ open tables we had to wait for the hostess to clean one up for us.  The plus was she let us pick the table we wanted so we got a nice spot to people watch.  Service was attentive - almost overly so - we had a waiter who came by every 3 minutes to see if we needed anything else.  After awhile it was like yeah - a moment to ourselves!!!  That aside the food was good.  I had the street tacos and they were tasty.  The house margarita was huge and had a nice kick.  It was a good spot, but doubt I would be back.  Been there, one that.
4	Pleasantly surprised with this one.   We just wandered in trying to find a quick but tasty lunch that wasn't a burger or sandwich and were pretty impressed with the quality of food here.  I had the carnitas street tacos, which come three to a plate.  There are also shrimp, chicken and fish options.  The big hunks of shredded pork were plentiful but they were a little bland on their own.  With the addition of some great fire roasted salsa and guacamole though they were delicious and very filling.  I definitely couldn't finish all three.    The double white corn tortillas were very lightly fried just to give them some tooth so they were sturdy enough to hold up.   That was great.  I hate when the tortilla tears and falls apart and you end up with a mess. My companion had the beef enchiladas, which were topped with a green chili sauce.   They too were moist and the beef was shredded and plentiful.. but they were a bit too salty for me.  Each plate comes with rice and beans.   We tried each type of rice and the cilantro rice was the clear winner for me. The other option was "Mexican rice" and it was your standard tomato-based concoction, just not super flavorful.   We didn't bother trying the black beans, we were both just too full. Plenty of beer and tequilas to go with... all in all a good bet (ha.. no pun intended)... and quite a substantial amount of food for your money.  I would go back.
3	Took advantage of the lunch special. Ordered caesar salad and steak and chicken fajitas, and tortilla soup and carnitas.Salsa and chips were far better than I expected. Both the soup and salad were quite good. The chicken fajitas and the carnitas were very bland, but nothing a little salsa couldn't fix. Tthe steak fajitas were delicious.Service was good.
4	I don't know what their food is like, but I can tell you they make up really great tasting strawberry and mango margaritas for $9 a piece, but if you go to the front desk they'll give you a coupon booklet, then the drinks at Yolo's are buy 1, get 1 free.
4	For the price, you really can't beat this place. It's not like the other overpriced restaurants on The Strip, so you can eat your fajitas and get filled up without getting your pockets emptied at the same time. Bring your appetite, as the portions are more than large enough.
4	Clean atmosphere and expensive tastes go hand in hand here as far as Mexican is concerned. I ordered the Drunken Chicken Nachos to cure my (eh-hem) drunkenness and to my surprise, the plain cheese, chicken and salsa had a mild spicy kick due to the perfectly cooked green bell peppers in the green tomatillo salsa.At first sight I was EXTREMELY disappointed. Plain cheese with the chicken sprinkled over the top splashed with a 1/2 oz ladle of tomatillo salsa. At first bite I knew what I ordered was right!!! The explosion of the rich cheese and marinaded chicken along with the bell peppers on the salsa made up for the plain look. Lesson Learned: Do not judge a book by its cover!!!It also helped that the Dos XX was from the tap and much more delicious than the Coronas everyone been drinking. The bartender was sweet and cute as hell!!!  :)
2	Food was generally acceptable, but...Service was slow and snarky.The soda machine was broken so you could only have tap water or a $10 Margarita. WTF?You have to pay for chips. The salsa spread was unique, but one of the salsas looked like earwax. Mango puree?Still, it beats waiting in line for the buffet. Hint: If you need to sit on the floor to rest while you're waiting in line for a buffet, you shouldn't be waiting in line for a buffet. Try Yolos!
4	drunkin chicken nachos .... a MUST !!! I have been here a few times and every visit is better then the time before! food Is great , fun environment and awesome staff!!!!! when you are in the mood for good Mexican I recommend trying it.... assume rent is high in a place like Planet Hollywood... pricey mexican american food in a casino so thus the 4... still think the drinks are awesome and the bartenders are actually knowledgeable so I try to revisit them when in PH
4	I went to Yolos a few months back for a friends birthday. We were very excited to go here because of their fresh fruit margs they advertised online. We got to our reservation on time and the 2 girls standing there told us it would be over an hour wait. Well, needless to say we had just walked all the way from another hotel and we figured we could wait.When we got seated we got served chips and salsa immediately and we were starving so that was nice. We obviously ordered drinks right off the bat. The server that was bringing us our drinks got knocked into and down went a margarita all over my leg and my friends. They apologized, but didnt offer to give us a towel or comp one of the drinks. We werent going to let that put us down- we are in VEGAS! so we got our food and that made up for everything. I got the roasted vegetable enchiladas and my boyfriend got the street tacos. I also ordered the cilantro rice, which I was expecting to be bland. It was probably the best rice I have ever had (and I'm not a big rice fan)  I haven't had Mexican food better than this yet.
4	Twas a good place to start a relaxing lunch day in Vegas for a party of 4 before the madness of 15 began.The margaritas here are the best I've had anywhere. They're so sugary sweet, but perhaps if you drink a few, the alcohol will catch up and kick you in the ass...maybe, but I didn't drink that many. I'm pretty sure they use real fruit to puree into it because you can taste the seeds from the raspberries. I enjoyed the mango best, but I'm partial to mango.Service was great. Fajitas were yum and the guacamole - they make in front of your face! - was really fresh. We were easily put into food coma.
5	Best place to eat in las vegas!! Try their drunken nachos.. Their off the hook... When im back in vegas im coming back here
3	Great Margaritas, standard food.Any time I find myself in the PH, I try to find a reason to mosey over to Yolo's bar so that I can down 1 or 5 blended strawberry margaritas.I've only eaten here twice, and both times the food was acceptable, but nothing to write home about.  One time a person in our party didn't even get an order taken, which was rather frustrating.  Overall a cool place, just not a place I recommend for a bite.
4	Yum! Easy, semi-casual, DECENTLY PRICED (for Las Vegas? In a casino? A rarity!) and great service -- special birthday shoutout to our amazing waiter, Austin!Pretty standard Mexican fare, and the margaritas are MEGA! The tableside-prepared guacamole is delicious and larger than expected, and the warm homemade tortilla chips are a pleasant diversion before the meal. One tip of advice for the ladies: the floor here is practically made of ice. Meaning, if you wear heels, prepare to tiptoe across the super-slippery surface at the pace of a snail, or else you WILL fall, and it WILL be embarassing!
4	This place was really nice! My niece and I were hungry around 3 pm on Saturday. We stopped in here for some lunch.The decor is awesome. I loved the colors, the lights, and all the light fixtures. The booth was roomy and comfy. Our waitress was over right away with yummy chips & salsa. We figured out what we wanted for lunch - shredded beef enchiladas for me, carnitas street tacos for my niece. The food took awhile to come out, considering there weren't many people in the restaurant.The food was worth the wait! My shredded beef enchiladas were some of the juiciest, most flavorful enchiladas I have ever had. There was a perfect amount of cheese, and the green sauce was really delicious.The rice was really bland, and the beans were just alright. But the enchiladas themselves were amazing. My niece also enjoyed her tacos. Great portions, good prices.
3	hmmm...... I went here cause my friends said that this place was really good. But I was pretty disappointed. I forgot what I my sister and I ordered but it really wasn't that tasty. But I heard that the soft tacos were pretty good. I actually thought that this place was pretty pricey. It was around $10-$12 a dish. But the chips and salsa were really good.
5	This was one of the most surprising but best meals we had in Vegas. The Mango Margarita was one of the best margaritas I have ever had... ever. The food was amazing!! I had the pork chop and it was superb. Would recommend to anyone.
4	I will never truly know if this food was actually good, or if I was just that hungover.  But, at the time, the freshly made guacamole was fabulous, as was everything else.  Felt like the wait staff was too minimal though and it took quite a while on refills.
3	Great margaritas.
5	im sorry i found this mexican resturant inside the planet holly wood casino. i like this mexican resturant so much i ate here 2 days in a row for an early dinner. about 4:00 p.m.  service was good but could be better. i really enjoyed the sizzling mushroom Fajitas with beans on the side . i told them no thanks to the rice so i dont know how the rice is. its a very good choice if youre a vegan and nightmare if youre on a low calorie diet because you are guarented to gain weight.  i finished eating 4:10 p.m. its 10:47 p.m. and im still full. thanks yolo's for destroying my diet with youre above average delicious food.
3	This place is tucked right in the front corner of the Planet Hollywood Casino if you were to walk in from the strip. If you haven't been to the casino/hotel since they did a huge overhaul then you should come visit this whole area. As for dining experiences this wouldn't be at the top of my list. If you are on a budget however this is one of the better places to dine on the Strip if you aren't in a hurry to get somewhere. A client invited us to dinner here for a dinner and some drinks and it was underwhelming at best. Our server ignored us constantly (even with empty beer glasses/liquor drinks) which you think he would be eager to refill for us. It was after peak dinner hours and he had 4-5 tables at best. We are a pretty easy going group but walking by our table over and over again with empty glasses of anything is just unacceptable. The food was an alright blend of Mexican food. Nothing too shocking or blow your socks off on the actual menu or unique items you will be eager to try out. My favorite part of the meal without question was the table side guacamole they create for you and the salsa. These provided a great snack and I wish I only ate them for my meal. The enchiladas the server recommend for me we not as exciting as these chips/salsa/guac. If your a tequila drinker (I am not) you can select from over 60 types at the bar here. The place seems like an appropriate place for a quick lunch when you hop off the roulette or blackjack table. The dinner we had here seemed mildly strange and not quite the right atmosphere or vibe. If our server wasn't so bad I think we could of chalked this place up to a 4 star but our lack of drink service put a damper on the night.
2	*Just reviewing for the bar*We had wandered in from The Strip looking for a nice bar to get a few drinks at. My homie was nice enough to buy everyone a round of Patron shots from the bar. It took a good five minutes for him to get noticed by any of the bartenders and it wasn't even terribly busy.My main complaint? My Patron shot was warm. Yuck! Definitely not the way you want to drink Patron, All in all, not my favorite bar in the world. Hopefully, as a restaurant it's better.
4	I had read about Yolo's on Yelp prior to my Vegas trip so I had an idea that I wanted to try it. I got a strong craving for Mexican food so we went to Yolo's on Christmas Day. Originally I wanted to come for the lunch special but I ended up coming after that time slot so we ate off the regular menu. When we went the restaurant was pretty empty but we still had to wait 10 minutes for a table (odd). We were seated and our waitress was nice.I got the chicken street tacos with rice and black beans. I liked my food but I couldn't eat it all because I was getting full. The price was reasonable at $12. I got the Razzarita drink, which is a blended drink of raspberry schnapps, vodka, etc. which was  very good and just my style, fruity adn blended. My sister got the steak nachos which were somewhat small. Her only complaint was that the steak tasted weird but overall the nachos were good.The total for the bill for 2 people plus one alcoholic drink was, I believe $38 which is a very good price for a late lunch/early early dinner meal on the strip. I would go back.
4	I went there with three of my coworkers while we were in Las Vegas. The atmosphere was pleasant, and the food was tasty and filling. The guacamole was a definite hit.
4	Yolos you get 4 Stars. You can only get the 5th star once you give Free chips and Salsa!! The Salsa selection though NICE!! Out first night in Vegas and we can here. It was about 7:45 or so and the place was pretty full. We didn't have a reservation but were told it would be a 20 minute wait to be sat. No big deal. We saw two spots open up at the bar so we jumped in there! It took a while for us to get service, but i can let that slide a bit when a place is busy. After getting service i was impressed =) I ordered up some Chicken Fajitas and well those were the best i have had! Lots of chicken, lots of peppers. It came with some black beans and rice which were also very good. The GF selected the chicken Enchiladas and she said they were on the yummy side as well. From sitting at the bar, the restaurant its self looked cool, but i never made it inside.
4	Came here on Sunday during some big football game going on so it was pretty busy!   Our waiter was very nice, and we didnt wait at all for a table.  I ordered the drunken chicken nachos...they were Sooooooooooo good!! Probably the best nachos Ive ever had!!  Before the nachos we had a small bowl of tortilla soup...the presentation of it was awesome!  They bring out the shredded chicken and tortilla strips on a plate, then the waiter comes over and pours the broth over it in front of you!!  Sooo cool, and it was very yummy!!  Service was a little slow at times, but uderstandable because it looked like each waiter had to cover a lot more tables than normal.  All in all I cant wait to go back and have the nachos again!!
4	Woohoo!  We were looking for something delicious but nice that wouldn't break the budget on the first night of our trip.  After doing a lil' Yelp research, we decided on Yolos, which is tucked away inside Planet Hollywood.  So glad we decided to come here!  We sat at the bar, so there was ample people-watching for me - everyone in the restaurant PLUS the open side to the casino.  The prices weren't terrible - could have been a lot worse elsewhere - my chicken enchilada was around $12 (and delicious!).  Entrees like fish and steaks were $18+.  Sadly, they made us pay for the chips and salsa, which I think were around $4 - BUT the chips were pretty good and they came with a nice selection of four salsas, each very different from each other.  Definitely recommended!
3	I wanted steak and my wife wanted Mexican. Guess who won. Arrived on a cold Wednesday night and there weren't many people so sat right down. We ordered the chips and salsa. It was pretty good. My wife ordered the drunken chicken nachos. Not your typical nachos. They said they were a little spicy. Not really. They were really good though. I ordered the Gaucho Steak. Appeared to be a sirloin and was supposed to be rubbed with red pepper. Looked and tasted a lot like black pepper. I was over cooked as well. Luckily the mushrooms, asparagus, and potatoes were good so not a total loss. Although not worth the price tag. I mentioned the doneness issue to the waiter and a manager offered us two deserts. We decided on the key lime creme brute and cheesecake. The creme brute was pretty good. The cheesecake was average but good fruit.
4	We sat at the bar and I had the shredded beef enchildas. Man, that was a lot of food. My husband had the pork tacos, so we traded bites of each others plates. I just loved all of it. Even the rice. The consistency was great, as well as whatever flavoring they add to it. A few nights after eating there, we stopped in for happy hour margaritas (only $4!), and I have to say, those were pretty damn good, too. I only wish we'd done a repeat dinner there instead of barfing up cash at Koi that night.
3	I am from Texas, love Mexican Food and consider myself a connoisseur. Nonetheless, Yolos held up pretty well. We went on a Saturday night and were seated immediately. They start you off with some delicious salsa and chips. The salsa was tasted great with some smokey undertones. The chips though were a little flavorless, but that was remedied by a dash of salt. For drinks we ordered the house and cadillac margaritas on the rocks. I am purest and would drink tequila and lime juice if they offered it. I am not sure how "pure" the house margarita was, but it past the taste test. I don't like cadillac margaritas as there are too many liquors in it so I won't review it. I read some Yelp reviews about the street tacos so we had to order them. One order of chicken and one order of fish.  They brought out 3 soft tacos with sides of pico de gallo, guacamole, rice and beans. This what Mexican Food is all food: simple and inexpensive. Both were cooked perfectly and tasted great. The fish tacos were made with Mahi-Mahi, but I would have preferred a more authentic fish taco made with Tilapia. I think I will try some other Mexican Restaurants before I come back.
4	Very good and reasonable in pricing! The steak nachos are delicious! (Served prepared on the chips- you get maybe 6-8) We got that and one of the fajita dishes. For two people it was the perfect amount of food after alot of constant eating. And it was one of the cheapest meals we had!
3	The salsa was good. The fish tacos were kinda boring. Needs a zesty creamy sauce. Also, it was about 30% more expensive than it should have been. Service was iffy.
5	The service is great, very neat interior design. Lots of flavor in every dish and plenty of tequila in the ritas. I would have ate here every night. Moderately priced as well.
5	This place rocks!  Glad I decided to stop here for dinner.The Salsa Trio was well worth the 5$ and the Fajitas were cooked perfect.Best of all, that Yolos Margarita!!! DAYUM! perfection.I will definitely become a regular at this place when my business brings me to Vegas.
5	I went to this restaurant a couple of weeks ago. The service was super fantastic. Nadjanna and Guillermo were my bartendars for the night and they hooked it up nasty. The raspberry margaritas are to die for (but strawberry is my favorite!)  Suffice to say I walked out of their feeling really good. Im actually going back their this weekend and I cant wait to drink! :P
4	Loved the Margarita Corleone!  The fresh guacamole made table side was fantastic!  Great place to eat and reasonably priced, which can be tough in Vegas. Try it, you will definitely not be disappointed!!
3	Got a veggie enchilada and the mahi mahi. The veggie enchilada was kind of bland but the mahi mahi was good. I would definitely get the Mexican rice. The other was dry and tasteless. Would probably give it another shot.
1	This is only for the food as I got carded and forgot my ID. Sadly. I so wanted a margarita!Good points: great location, polite staff, amazingly fast service- we were done in 35 minutes!Bad points: my fajitas were so bland! Underspiced and underseasoned. I understand it's not possible to please everyone but they could at least ask how you want them done. They actually had no spice. My date didn't enjoy his enchiladas, too flabby and underspiced again. I ordered rice but couldn't have it because I was allergic to the butter in it. Now, it's great that they were looking out for me but could they not make a fresh batch?
5	Love Yolos! Every time I'm in Vegas I have to make a stop here! Very casual little spot in the Planet Hollywood hotel. I always have the steak nachos. DELICIOUS! If you're in the area, a must try!
2	Decent food, seriously lackluster service. Period.
5	This was the first place we ate on arriving in Las Vegas, and we went back every night. The servers are great, Guillermo, Christina, Chris and Nadjana kept us happy with drinks and unique foods, they are all great fun!. The Drunken Chicken and Steak Nachos were both fantastic and I will miss them when we go home. The location is great, in the mix but not in the middle of the casino. Go see them and tell them Joe, Jackie and Matt said Hi!
4	Excellent service, surprisingly cool interior for a casino floor restaurant. Food was excellent but different. Went here for my Birthday craving nachos and got some very unexpected takes on what I ordered. Delicious, don't get me wrong. The salsa/dips were fantastic. Super friendly staff. Definitely check it out.
4	I was VERY pleasantly surprised with their Mexican food.  I ordered the combo lunch with a beef burrito and carnitas street taco with cilantro rice and black beans.  The burrito was huge and so was the taco.  Way too much food for just me, especially when you factor in the the salsa trio and Queso Fundido (a glob of cheese with charizo mixed in...YUMMY!) we ordered.  I suggest them all.  And the Chile Crusted Mahi-Mahi street tacos...I sampled them off a friend's plate & wish I had ordered them too!
1	Anyone who gave this place 5 stars must work for the restaurant...This place sucks!  Everything about our meal was bad.We had a reservation and still had to wait 20 minutesThe margaritas were an absolute joke.  We had to send them back... they came back with new ones and they tasted just as watery as before.Chips and Salsa  - mediocreDrunken Chicken Nachos - not good.. watery.. no flavorMahi Mahi Tacos - not bad.. a little bland but not terrible.. the beans that accompanied it were awful thoughMargarita - arguably the worst margarita i've ever had
2	service was horrible, went for lunch very few tables were occupied and took forever for drinks, food and check.  Food was so-so.. and pricey,  as a local I sure won't recommend this place to anyone. Better restaurants on the strip
4	Portobello mushroom fajitas yum! For Vegas, this place insite PH was a great stop and not terribly expensive. The fresh chips and salsa were fantastic - tasted home made. My fajitas were nearly enough for two people had we ordered some additional tortillas. Onions, peppers, thick cut portobello, and some cilantro rice and black beans....YUM! I would definitely suggest coming here. No 5 stars because service was a bit slow....even when hardly anyone was in the restaurant and my eating date's mahi mahi tacos seemed a bit skimpy.  But overall great food.
3	Food was just average.
4	My sister and I stopped in here for lunch because we wanted margaritas. Right off the bat, I loved the decor. It was fun and perfect for a couple girls wanting some drinks. We each ordered a regular margarita. Yummy. I also ordered another one that was pink; I think it might have been a raspberry margarita. I had to save it for after I finished my food because it tasted like that gum in the Zebra package I used to chew as a kid. Super sweet.The food was pretty good. We order some dip; I can't recall if it was bean or cheese. The waitress warned us that it was pretty spicy, and she was right. But in a good way. I also ordered the enchiladas which were pretty darn good.I do have to knock this place on a couple points, though. First, my sister's salad was weirdly salty; she couldn't even finish half of it. Second, the service really dropped off. It was great when we first walked in the door, but became nonexistent after the waitress brought our drinks.
2	Oh wow! I came here in September last year and it was delicious and the service was great, in fact it was so good we came here twice during our stay. This time around I was excited to take my friend here. Um. Talk about regret. I asked for a margarita on the rocks, no salt. When it came it had salt- not the end of the world...but it was by far the worst margarita I've ever tasted. Barf. When I told the bartender that I wasn't pleased. Well apparently neither was she. She took it back and never brought me the beer I requested in it's place. 10 minutes later a guy asked me if I needed a drink and it finally arrived. Luckily the food was pretty good or I would have most likely thrown a tantrum.Don't go here. Ever.
3	Food: I enjoyed the Shrimp Chile Relleno; but that's because I really like melted cheese. The Mexican Rice that accompanied it was well-seasoned. The Pork Chop was cooked well, but the sauce was a bit too sweet. The Chili Crusted Mahi Mahi taco was a bit bland, and the salsa that accompanied it was average.Service: Friendly but a bit slow.Ambience: Most of the restaurant is open to the casino; so it feels pretty much like you're eating next to slot machines and card tables.
1	my friend was begging our group to go eat here for lunch since shes been here before and fell in love with this place, but i don't see whats so great about it.  i do like the decor and the lighting and everything, but the food is really just meeh to me.  i had the chicken enchilada and all i can say is, it's super DRY! i had to use their salsa that they give you with chips as a way to moisten it up and add some flavor.  i hate black beans (it's part of their side) and i did not like their mexican rice.  it was just not cooked all the way or something cause it was pretty hard.  umm i'd rather be at el torito.
4	We wanted to do girls night out right by starting off with dinner and drinks. Yolos was in our hotel so it became our dinner destination. Be sure to make reservations because it can be quite a wait come dinner time. Like most Mexican restaurants, they start you off with chips and salsa. Salsa was good although a bit garlicy. Chips were fresh and not greasy so that was nice. We had a couple appetizers (crab cakes and shrimp ceviche) and fajitas. Everything tasted good and service was great. The drinks, although good were, too sweet for my taste. The decor is cute too. I felt it had more a girly vibe because of the all the hot pink. Convenient location and worth trying if your staying at the hotel.
4	Great Mexican joint. May have been the best guacamole I have ever had. The Beef Steak tacos were very good. I would definitely recommend!
4	Saturday night dinner here at Yolo's only had us waiting about twenty minutes.Typical mexican restaurant fair with street tacos, burritos and even gaucho steak.Hubs got the gaucho streak which was ginormous.  He didn't speak much during dinner, so I know it was that good!I got the grilled mahi mahi street tacos with a side of black beans, guacamole and pico de gallo.  It was ok.  They had this spicy mango salsa that complemented the fish just right.
3	Average Mexican food! Prices were good but nothing too special. We were sat right away which was nice. We were staying at PH and needed to get a quick dinner before going out. I got enchiladas which were tasty and bf got pork tacos. Pretty average.OH- I had a fruit fly in my drink! Not that big of a deal.. but still kind of gross. I would have thought they would have done more than just not charged me for my drink. Whatever, wouldn't be back either way.
3	Came here for a drink with a buddy working off my high from Ditch Friday.  Place is low key.  In terms of price, the drinks are about average.   The food did look really good, especially the salmon.  Note: they have a dj playing around 10:30, BUT, place is still dead, so don't waste your time thinking its going to turn into a happening scene.
3	OH MY GODD. Ok, so I was at planet hollywood, and pretty drunk from day drinking. Some friends and I were hanging out by the casino -- and this place catches my eye. I get excited -- perfect drunchies!The menu was pretty extensive, but I stuck with the mahi mahi tacos.They were DELICIOUS! A little pricey..$14ish for 3 tacos, but it's vegas, and it's inside a hotel. Came with black beans, rice, guac, and two types of salsa. There was a fat chunk of mahi mahi in each taco and it was freakin delicious!I also had a margarita but that was ok. It didn't taste too alcoholic. Average.So 4 star for the food2 star for the drinks3 star for service (since we were drunk & sitting at the bar it felt like hours, but in reality it was prob like a 15min wait for the food)
4	This weekend my friends and I were in the mood for some mexican food while on the strip.  We thought we'd try Cabo Wabo, but when we walked in, it was so crowded and we could barely fit into our table because the seating was so tight between tables.  Also, it was really too loud to have a conversation.  I remembered passing Yolos inside the Planet Hollywood casino, so we decided to go there instead.  It wasn't crowded at all, the food was delicious and we had a waiter by the name of Gustavo who was awesome!  Since we hadn't been there before, he made recommendations from the menu and totally took care of use while we had a long relaxing lunch.  I'd highly recommend it if you're in the middle of the strip and don't want the inconvenience of waiting around for a table...
1	So, of all the places I've been in Las Vegas, this is truly the worst yet.  I just couldn't find any positives at all.  Food - No joke, I got a fajita with maybe two-three pieces of steak.  It's like half of it dropped on the floor and they were like, oh well, only two pieces left.  Serve it up.On top of that, it was truly awful!  No flavor at all.  I was eating onions and peppers on bread.  That's lovely.Service - When the waittress asked me about this, I told her.  No complaint, just told her my thoughts.  Now, when the MANAGER came over, he looked completely unprepared, hungover, and like he was in over his head.  He stuttered like a fool, and just walked away.  There was no conversation at all.Total busch league here.  No people, and I'm a bit shocked they're in business.  By the way, their signs say they have hooka starting at 10PM, which is a misprint, yet they keep the sign up.  Kind of funny.Trying to be helping:  Go to Mesa Grill, which is the best in Vegas for Mexican (which is surprisingly bad in this city).
1	Yuck. Without a doubt the most tasteless, bland Mexican food ever. Salad was greens with a jalepeno vinaigrette  that equated to oil covered field greens. Dinner was a steak that lacked even salt served with bland rice and watery black beans. Margarita was passable but short on both lime and tequila. Friends took us to dinner, so I shouldn't complain, but no one should pay for this disaster. Avoid, avoid, avoid.
4	We decided to go to Yolos today after a bit of shopping.  Our server, Margie took great care of us.  I had the shrimp tacos & they were delicious!!  My husband had the shrimp fajitas & he loved them too.  The cilantro rice was so good, I should have gotten a second order of it! I  really like that you get guacamole on your plate with your food & it isn't an upcharge.We are locals & we will recommend Yolos when people come to town!
4	Go for the top shelf margs.....stay for the drunken chicken nachos! OMG! Wonderful favors and such huge portions!I think the location of this eatery, just steps from the latest in slots play, has to be taken into consideration in advance. It's not a place to feel like you've escaped the strip for a quiet meal! However, it's DEFITINTELY a place for a good time, some incredible munch-ables, and an easy transition back to the gaming floor!
5	Three of us were attending a huge dental seminar at The Planet Hollywood and the resturants were full with huge waiting times.  We needed to eat dinner and board our plane.  Yolos staff, especally, Tanya, got us in and out on time!  The food was great and service great and everyone was happy!  Nice to have people help you when you need it badly!  Thank yolos and Tanya!
4	The drinks are very good and priced reasonably. The food is good, but not great. The staff are very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is relaxed and fun. I will definitely be back!
4	Pretty good place! We went here after seeing the line and the wait for Spice Buffet, especially in respect to closing time; and P.F. Changs also having a wait.  Turns out Yolos was a good choice.  There was no wait, plenty of tables, nice atmosphere despite practically being in the casino and fast service.The Tortilla soup was great. The mahi tacos were ok and the chicken fajitas were decent. I'd give the food three stars. The service was phenomenal and courteous; and very timely. Our food came hot and fresh, and a bit faster than we were ready.It's not a bad place to try out. It isn't cheap, but not many places in Vegas are. It's not that expensive either.
2	My wife and I were quite hungry, and there was no wait time here, so we decided to try this place. She ordered the Quesadilla, which was quite ordinary, and I had the Enchilada, which was weird. The service was not the greatest either. I would look for a better restaurant in a place...
4	Loved this place for lunch and a refreshing margarita. Excellent Mexican street style food.  Salsa was fresh.
4	Review is for the Bar/Lounge are ONLY.I ended up there with the hubby and another couple after spending way too much time @ Chateau last Friday night. We were drawn to this place because of ample seating, DJ, and the hookah. I know, I know what a combo right Mexican restaurant with Hookah. But whateves its Vegas I guess everything goes huh. Atmosphere was chill and kick back, just the way I like it. I only wish we would have tried this place earlier in the week. Mixed drinks we're typical Vegas watered down and overpriced. But we had lots of fun here. People watching, was entertaining lets just keep it at that. LOLWe'll have to come back and try the food on my next visit.
1	Restaurant ReviewWent here on a date last night. The food and the date were the same: DRY & UNAPPETIZING!When we sat down they brought salty chips & salsa to the table. Gee thanks.Waiter takes order and disappears for the rest of the night...lucky. I should've done the same.Date ordered beer, (seemed pleased) I ordered water (I don't drink, but I should've bought an "Adios Mother F*cker" to ease the pain of this date!).For appetizers, The Man Who Will Now Have A Relationship With My Voicemail ordered a bean/queso dip concoction...FAIL!! He also ordered us taquitos. SURVEY SAYS: EPIC FAIL!!For the main dish, we *gags* both ordered chicken enchiladas. Dear Cooks, Chefs, and Owners of Yolos,WHEN IT IS YOUR JOB TO MAKE MEXICAN FOOD, AND YOU FAIL TO MAKE SOMETHING AS SIMPLE AS A CHICKEN ENCHILADA, IT IS TIME TO ASK YOURSELF: WHAT AM I DOING WITH MY LIFE?!!Will Yolos and The Guy That Doesn't Have My New Number ever see me again? Probably not, and by probably...I mean definitely.
4	We had dinner there after my lovely man had a good business meeting. Since I craved beans and we didnt want to drive off strip it was right there :)The service is good, attentive for sure. The food is very fresh. I had the chicken fajitas and man had the steak fajitas. I liked the food a lot. The spices were just right and the black beans delicious and very noisy later :)(yes I grew up in a barn)The prices are higher than they should, but its the strip and these are tourist prices. But it was a good meal. I didnt sample the alcoholic cuisine since I drank too much the night before (and nearly invited a lady I made out with to the room...) so I stayed sober.Its so convinient, in the middle of the casino of PH.
4	Happy Hour review only!$4 hh specials - Margaritas, wine, tacos, flautas and tequitos. Yes, very Americanized but the flavors were excellent! Don't bother ordering the wine as I believe it was wine from a box quality. The Margaritas were decent (for $4) and it is available only at the bar.The carnitas flautas were suprising delicious. It's lighty fried with a green avocodo sauce on top. The tacos and tequitos were just OK. We've ordered 8 things all together and the bill was only $32. If you are up late and looking for a snack at 2pm, this is the place to be!!
3	Not bad for a casino floor dinning experience. Happy hour helps. Service was pleseant. Good value. Portions were good. Nice and convenient if you are staying at Planet Hollywood.
4	Hidden gem in Las Vegas! I would not have found this place if it had not been for another conference attendee who mentioned it to me. I went with a group of 5 and we had an amazing time. The server was full of personality and made the experience very enjoyable. He was very knowledgeable about the menu and made quite a few suggestions on items that we would not normally have ordered. Most of the group ordered the street tacos, but my friend got the pollo rostizado (which was amazing!). The chips are hot and fresh with yummy salsa. We also ordered the guacamole, which is made at the table (highly recommend). I actually may go back tonight....and with all of the awesome restaurants in Las Vegas, that is saying a lot!
3	Food not good, service is ok.
5	Yolos has great food, a lot of Mexican beer on tap, including Negra Modelo (I had 2), and the best bartender in Vegas, Nico (Nicolette). Nico was awesome! She handled a slightly crazy and drunk guy very professionally. Nico taught me about her favorite tequila (Don Julio Real) and bartending in Vegas. She is also the face of Yolos Tacos & Tequila Tuesdays. I highly recommend Yolos (You Only Live Once So) for their food, beer selection on tap, tequila selection and friendly service.
1	Dont eat here unless you like being treated like garbage.  I was recently at Yolo's in Planet Hollywood for lunch on 3/10 around 2-3 pm and had some of the worst customer service I have ever experienced.  The experience started off pleasant  with me and my two friends being seated promptly and we were very excited to try the food.  After the tableside guac was made the rest of our group called and decided to join us for lunch and our party of three grew to a party of 12.   I asked the waitress if we could move to a larger table to accommodate the rest of the group and she said she would have to ask the hostess so I went to speak to the hostess and she said she had to talk to the waitress.  All the while there were 3 empty tables right next to each other that could be easily pushed together.  The table to our left was a very nice couple that offered to move seats so we could add to our group but we told them that was a very nice offer but not necessary because there was room elsewhere. The table to the right of us was more interesting because it was the manager on duty who completely ignored us and made no efforts to help us obtain a larger table for our party.  After the three tables had been pushed together and everyone was seated, we started to move our appetizer and drinks over when we were stopped by the waitress, not the manager who was still sitting eating her lunch and staring at us, and were told that every member of our party of 12 was required to order a meal off the menu or we couldn't eat there anymore.  We let the waitress know that a few people may not be eating but everyone was going to be drinking but they still told us that we wouldn't be served unless everyone ate.  We were obviously upset by this since we are such a large group and the waitress would have gotten at least the min 18% tip that is added to large groups so we couldn't understand why they wouldn't serve us.  She told us that her manager had instructed her to tell us this, still while the manager is eating at a table less than 3 ft away from us.  The manager never once came us to us and talked to us directly or even tried to explain her position, the waitress said it was because they were too busy to seat people that weren't eating even though there were at least 5 empty table in the restaurant and plenty of room still at the bar.  We paid for our guac and my beer and left the restaurant to go somewhere more accommodating where every member of our group did in fact order food and several drinks.  The total bill ended up being over $500 for our group and we had a great time elsewhere.   I am so incredibly mad at the manager for being a coward and not even having the "balls" to tell us herself that she wouldn't serve us and very disappointed that at a great casino they allow staff to treat guest like garbage.
3	The food in my opinion is very Americanized but was pretty good.  I was there with a group of ladies for a Bachelorette Party on a Friday night so they were somewhat busy. The chips and salsa they leave on the table are delicious. I love the baked chips and the salsa is the perfect blend of spicy but not too spicy.  Once I had a chance to look at there really cool electronic drink menu I decided on a frozen strawberry Margarita. The drink was super delicious! It was pretty awesome that you could create your own Margarita though. One side of there drink menu was the create your own Margarita and the other was a list of cocktails they offered. I decided on the Pork Carnitas street tacos for dinner. They came with a side of black beans and a choice of rice either Mexican or cilantro.  The meal was three small tacos with guacamole and salsa on the side of the plate. The tacos were just ok in my opinion. Personally nothing spectacular but not horrible either. I thought they were kinda of dry and needed just a little more sauce to make them better. I just used extra salsa to enjoy them a little more then I would have normally. Now price wise this is pretty expensive for Mexican but it is on the strip so that is what you get. People should not be surprised at how expensive it can be. On top of being a pretty expensive meal for one person because I was with a party of 8 or more thy added gratuity. Gratuity ended up being $6 for everyone which I thought was decent for Vegas pricing. The thing I really enjoyed was the decor and ambiance of Yolos. I loved the colors and lighting. Also we had excellent service from a very attentive waiter who was wonderful at helping a large group.
2	Eh! I was very disappointed in this place! FIRST OF ALL... DO NOT go here for hookah... It is overpriced and does not even last 5 minutes... They charge by the coal, in which you pay 25 dollars for only one coal.... Needless to say the whole time the hookah was burning....   Now off to the food... We ordered the chips and guacamole and when it came... there was just a to go box, with the top part cut off, full of chips...... We waited about 5-10 minutes waiting for the guacamole to come when we finally realized there was a spoon full in the middle of the tray hidden under the chips. IT WAS HORRIBLE!   The only reason this place gets a 2 instead of a 1 is because the manager was friendly. But I will not be returning to this place!
3	I've stopped in here a couple times over the years and enjoyed myself at the bar.  The food is decent, although I'd say it's overpriced.  They're trying to do fancy Mexican, and the plating is fancy.  The quality however, is just OK.  They do have a decent tequila selection however, and their margaritas are pretty good for the price.  Not a bad place to grab a drink and watch some sports, but you could eat elsewhere and feel better about your dining IMO.
4	This review is for one of the friendliest bartenders, Guillermo (aka Diego).  He was very informative and welcoming. I dined alone at the bar waiting for my bf to finish up work and Guillermo was so helpful and kind.  He was accommodating of all my dietary food restrictions.  Thanks again, Guillermo.  Great job!
5	Christina was awesome! Great food, good atmosphere, great service.
4	I thought this place was delicious and priced fairly. Service was great, as was our food. My favorite thing, however, was the hostess. Some...older....gentleman proposed dining with my friend and me, and would not leave us alone. The hostess saw what was happening and swept us away. She put a reserved sign on the table next to us so those gentleman couldn't sit there and ruin our dinner. Perfect!
3	Convenient bar to kill some time at, grab a drink or watch bad karaoke performances (well on Thursdays at least).  You may gasp at this, but for $13 you can order a "make your own margarita."  Where you can pick your tequila brand.  I mean, why you would pick anything other than Patron is beyond me, but to have a set price for Patron is a score in my book... and probably a "cheap price" in Vegas!We ordered a nacho platter which was pretty pitiful.  I think there were maybe 10 chips in it and a spoonful of gauc.  Pretty lame nacho platter if you ask me!  Plus, after midnight, well drinks are only $3.  Now THAT'S a jackpot in Vegas!
5	Full bar, One of the best in Vegas. Partly because of the food and the ambiance, but mostly because of the staff. Everyone was helpful, knowledgeable and more importantly all around fun! It was easy to spend hours there just drinking and having a good time before going out to the clubs. Britney was by far the best, between her original custom drinks, she was just so much fun and took care of everyone! If this review hasn't persuaded you to give this place a try, at least give it a shot for Britney! She'll make sure you have a good time and you'll end up coming back.
4	Sunshine Mejia was great...just as great as the Margorona! Good Times!
2	If you are mexican (/americian) - do not eat here. you will be very disappointed. everything was very bland.
5	Great bar. Great music. Great food. Great management. I went there with a large party and it was very impromptu. The manager Trey got us a table and took good care of us. If you're looking for a party during or after-hours, Yolo's is awesome. Stop in and party.
4	Stopped in for week night dinner and was seated right away. From the beginning I liked our waiter. He was attentive, knew the menu and drinks, but didn't pester us. He was just right in my book. We started with a couple of margaritas that were quite tasty but not overly boozy along with chips and salsa. Had the crab cake gordita appetizer that I really liked. Then the carnitas street tacos which were very good. My wife had the Shrimp and cheese stuffed chili relleno which was quite tasty too. She really liked it. I'd go back here again for sure.
5	Yolo's was great!  4 starving (and quite dehydrated) ladies couldn't wait to be seated at a table, so we sat at the bar where Chris, the bartender tended to us.  He was GREAT and super friendly!  Gave us some tips on what to order but I ended up with the shredded beef flautas and it was delicious!  3 fat pieces of flautas, covered in some green sauce with very generous servings of guacamole and sour cream. The chips and salsa that came before the meal was perfect too and totally hit the spot.  Chips were fresh and still piping hot when served and salsa that was just right - not too spicy, not too mild!  And did we look totally parched?  Cause I've never had my water filled so much in such a short while! We arrived around 11pm or so, so the music was bumping and had us dancing in our seats! Great time was had and I'll definitely be stopping by again for those delicious flautas and to say hi to Chris!
4	This place was absolutely perfect for a quick bite (and drink!) when we got to Vegas.  We sat at the bar, which was probably smart as we didn't have to wait for much.  People were friendly, and the pricing was fine.  The food we got was scrumptious, but I'm a sucker for flavorful tacos.
4	Love the late night dance and hookah lounge. Always have a good FREE time there!
4	I love Yolo's! Def a great spot to get some bomb Mexican food. Their drunken noodles are amazingly delicious as is their spicy chicken tortilla soup. This place will def be visited every time I come to Vegas.They also have a hookah night on Saturday's for $25 a hookah (so I was told) and they had a DJ Sunday night.Service was very polite and courteous.
4	One of our roommates got take out from this place and took it up to the room for us because we were in such a time crunch. Don't know anything about the ambiance of this place, but the food was bomb! We had the crab cakes and the nachos and I lovvvved it! And I normally don't like crab cakes! The nachos had like 7-10 chips, each already having carnitas, guac, salsa, sour cream, etc.. on it, and it was deeelious! I'll definitely come back here and visit the restaurant :)
4	YOLO.....I didn't like the name of this restaurant, nor did I care for the environment...but we were too lazy to walk anywhere else on the strip so we decided to go here.The hostess was kind of weird but after we were seated....we had exceptional service. I mean exceptional. Our waiter was friendly, honest and very customer service oriented. The entire staff (busboys, etc) were actually well presented.The food....delicious! Very yummy mexican food...I had the shredded beef enchiladas and the appetizer guacamole and everything was very tasted. Worth every cent :DThe margarita.....eh it was tasty but not strong enough thats why I gave four stars
2	Definitely over priced! Especially for the 3 tacos for $10+? We had 9 orders of it one time and it took an hour to make... We were getting very anxious and annoyed. When we told our server we wanted to cancel our order she finally went to the back to check and brought it out. SMH. An order of tacos comes with 3 tacos, rice, and black beans...It does the trick if you're stranded in Vegas and can't find any tacos if you're craving some. Interesting name too. Can't say anything else about restaurant since we did a to go order.
4	I had the luck of being maid of honor and had never been to Vegas! So in turn I was in charge of he bachelorette party. I looked up some spots and Yolos seemed to have all the options and variety on the menu that I was looking for. I ended up getting in contact w Jason Carr, who was super knowledgeable and broke down my options for a party of 14 girls to fill their stomachs for the night ahead. He was very accommodating considering I was making plans from Ft. Lauderdale, FL! I We conducted all business via phone and email. Once I got there I was honestly expecting disaster BUT everything went smoothly! Our server, I unfortunately forget his name, was great and on top of things! I was also hooked up with a Blue Long Island or 2 for all my hard work and planning. (thank you Jason&Server!)Our group chose from the Three-course menu which was great and posed a lot of options for having such a big group. They served appetizer of Chips n Salsa, Salad: Mixed Green or Caesar. Entrees we all had the options of Petit Filet Mignon, Glazed salmon, or Pollo Rostizado. I had the Filet Mignon which was flavorful and tender. :)Everyone was fat and happy, pleased with the options. We paid per head a fat rate which was worth it for all of us and gave us a great start to our night in Vegas! Thank you so much Yolos for maing my job as MoH easy and successful!! (;Kiara~
4	I came across this restaurant in a travel guide (yes, my family still buys them occasionally) about a year ago.  I was looking for Mexican food and initially chose Los Dos Caminos over it because they offered free chips and salsa (silly, but important...who wants to pay for just chips and salsa?!?) Now Dos Caminos is closed (so sad) so we decided to give Yolos a try.  The chips are now free (unless they always were and I was thinking of a different restaurant).  The tacos are delicious as is the cilantro rice.  I have never had rice like that before and it was amazing!  The margaritas were also delicious.  I'm surprised at the complaints about the price.  Our meal at Yolos was cheaper than any other meals we had on our trip.  I felt that the price was comparable to my favorite Mexican restaurant in Chicago.  We ate early, so the restaurant was almost empty.  The atmosphere is cool, dark booths illuminated by the drink menu.  Our service was excellent.I will definitely come back on my next trip.
4	I know what my friends will say... Chris why did you go to a cheap secondary restaurant in Vegas when you ball so hard motherf***ers wanna fine me, That s*** crazy, That s*** crazy.  Well, a friend of ours got so loaded that he couldn't even articulate his name let alone probably be let into CUT over in the Palazzo.  So we went here and was surprisingly amazed at the quality of this food.  We started off with the Salsa Trio as a group and then I got the Street Tacos Dinner (Chicken Breast, Pork Carnitas and Mexican Gulf Shrimp).  Honestly so good.  This place is dirty cheap.  People who are getting upset regarding cost must be used to eating Fat Burger or In N' Out.  We had four guys who ordered meals and boozed and it was under $100 bucks.DISCLAIMER:  I had been drinking most of the day (and previous night) probably had a slight sun stroke and was up around $400 bucks.  I was feeling pretty good so I hope this does not bleed over into my usual unbiased recommendations.
3	Your basic mexican grill place with burritos, enchiladas, etc.  A bit overpriced due to its location.  Food was good, not excellent, but the hours are great so you can get decent Mexican food fairly late.There weren't very many people when I went, but service was very slow.
2	I will give this place two stars because the service was pretty good. The food was another story. Our waiter was very attentive and offered some great suggestions to start. One of which was the "drunken chicken nachos". We ordered a couple of them for our group and when it was brought over, one of the first comments was - " wtf is that smell?"I really am not sure what was added to those nachos, but it looked like a pile of crap. It didnt taste any better. So for entrees I think the majority of us either ordered the short ribs or the filet mignon. I guess since this was a Mexican place I should've ordered something else, so maybe this was my fault. But the waiter who took our order described the steak to be comparable to some NYC quaility steakhouse cuts. Steak looked nice and plated well but it was lacking some seasoning. Overall I would not recommend this place or ever go again. Afterwards I began to understand the name YOLO, I felt pretty sick and thought I was going to die. You definitely only live once after eating here.
5	Ignore the reviews about this place being expensive. It's not Taco Bell! The prices are very reasonable and the food delicious. On one of our visits the service wasn't up to par and I found out the server was let go shortly after. They really do care about customers at Yolo's.
4	Good place to eat in Vegas if you're looking for something casual and on the cheaper side. We had their margaritas, which are typical Vegas prices. They were pretty strong and had some fruit soaking in them.I got their quesedilla, we split the salsa platter (really good!) and everyone enjoyed their food. Good service as well. It didn't get 5 stars for me because the overall impression with the place was good, not great.
2	Yolos was very disappointing.  The chicken fajitas were the blandest I've ever had.  Guacamole was tasty though.
2	Yolos, Mexican Grill,Planet Hollywood,Las Vegas, Nevada.Overly pretentious fare, not even close to authentic. Over-priced & teeny tiny appy style entree's,...Yes, You Only Live Once So,...save your dough and find somewhere else to go!
4	So I was not in the mood for Mexican but I went with friends.  The chips and salsa was yum and then the salad was SOOO dang good.  Had the chicken quesadillas which is listed under appetizer, but is really a full sized meal.  I couldn't finish it all, which if you know me, you know is highly out of character.  Make a reservation -- it's in the casino and is pretty busy at all times.  Even with our reservation, we still had  to  wait about 10-15 min to be seated.  Attentive wait staff, accommodating to special requests.  Friends had the fajitas that came out sizzling hot and they were very happy as well.
3	For a Tex-Mex place in the middle of a casino in Vegas, Yolos was better than I expected (which was nothing). The first time I went, I was grabbing a quick drink with my husband and a friend. Ended up ordering the chips and salsa as well. The different salsas were surprisingly tasty and the drinks were cold. Our waitress was beautiful with an attitude. The second time we went was at about 1am. There were more of us and we were all tipsy and peckish. I sort of had a crush on our cute waiter from Brooklyn. We all ordered drinks and some chips and guac. Again, everything was just fine. Prices are reasonable. Music is super duper loud. If I were staying at PH I'm sure I would grab a snack here again.
4	Probably the best Mexican food on the strip! Fresh food great choices and everything tasted amazing. Be sure to flash your players card for 15% off. The wine selections are quite enticing and not super over priced. It's affordable food on the strip still with great flair.
2	It gets two stars because the guacamole was really good. We had a work event so I tried the Filet Mignon. Very poorly cooked. Dry and grey on the outside. Not sure if the Mexican food was any good. I would not go back even if I was staying at PH. There is better Mexican food on the Strip
3	This place is okay, not fantastic. Especially when there are sooo many A+ places to eat in Vegas. I would maybe eat here again becuase there aren't many nice mexican food places in Vegas. The food was good, but very americanized. I prefer traditional mexican food, and this was not it. I will say the margarona was great. It is a margarita with a corona... It is worth trying!! If your just looking for drinks and appetizers then this place is a good spot.
5	My wife and I hosted a 2 hour party on Saturday night, November 10, to celebrate my son's 21st Birthday.  We had about 30 people attend.  Staci Green and her staff were wonderful in their preparations and duties during the party.  Niko and Tony were outstanding in their duties behind the bar to ensure everyone had exactly what they wanted in very short order.  The food served was excellent and the drinks were top-notch as well.  We received many compliments from our party guest about the location, ambiance, food, and drink service.  If you are looking for a fun spot to host a gathering of party-goers in Las Vegas, then I can highly recommend Yolo's Mexican Grill and their bar area.  We had a great time and I'm sure you will too.
4	This place ins hidden in the maze also known as Planet Hollywood. They serve up delicious drinks and food at decent prices but beware they do not take total rewards comps... They do allow for room charges but only if you are staying on property... Not sure why they don't do it - was told their data base / system has not been updated yet.  Give this a place a try when in PH.  Definitely worth it especially if Earl of Sandwich or Pinks is too busy.
3	Im only reviewing based on drink specialsWe had 6 margartias on the rocks, they tasted pretty good actually! N they were only 5 bucks each , happy hour is monday to thursdays (less busy days duhh) 3pm to 5 pm. Doubt i cant find better deal in vegas!  Cool place.
5	Yolos is off of the Planet Hollywood casino floor NOT in the Miracle Mile shops.The table side guacamole was delicious. We both got the excellent fajitas. Service was great, and the price was not unreasonable for Vegas.
1	Not good at all.  Started with the Queso Fundido which was string cheese with a mass of onions and mushrooms heated into a flat iron pan with a few tortillas.  Hard to even figure out how to eat and the cheese was flavorless.  Waiter suggested the Steak Picado which was a barely legal cut of steak with undercooked rice and black beans.  My wife had the street tacos carnitas and could only get through one.  Guacamole was good, but that was about it.  Should have kept looking for another place to eat.
4	Top notch. Great food. Good prices. I think has Happy Hour
5	One of my girlfriend had recommended this place to me a long time ago.  Ever since then, when my hubby and I make our trip to LV it is a MUST for us to go to this cute lil restaurant in PH!  Their prices for their food can be a bit pricey, but very tasty.  I especially love this place for their delicious raspberry margarita!!  OMG so yummy.  Their bartender makes it with fresh fruit on the spot, two thumbs up!  Service is great here too. A must try!
5	I love their guacamole! They make it fresh at your table. I love when it's real and not out of a bag.I wasn't crazy about the beef enchiladas, they were ok, but the tortilla soup, guac and salsa are delicious!I actually get excited when I go to Vegas because I get to go here :)
5	The food is really good. The quesadilla and the guacamole are the best as appetizers. I ate the mahi salad that was actually filling. My friends ordered the tacos which were also really good. Try the watermelon margarita. Brittany and Reyna are the best servers, very knowledgeable and friendly.
4	Post New Years Eve is the THE TIME to hit Vegas up for some deals.  At Yolo, we are talking happy hour $5 deals.  $5 drinks and $5 bites. The street tacos (had both the chicken and beef) were well worth $5.  You get two tacos stuffed with surprisingly yummy meat.  Since you get 2 tortillas per street taco, I suggest breaking them up into 4 actually bite size tacos!  I was salivating over the sizeable plates of $5 tequitos and $5 quesadilla, but trying to maintain my figure I worked so hard on before Vegas, I abstained. Lots of $5 margaritas were flying out of the bar, but since I can't drink tequila, I stuck with the quite passable $5 white wine.  In the evening, house drinks jump to $10, which isn't too bad.  Especially when they come with a side of karaoke.  *sings* Total Eclipse of the Hotel California, Wanted Dead or Alive, a Sweet Caroline.........you totally just thought "Buh buh bah" didn't you.
3	Came into Yolos for happy Howe st at the bar and the server came right in front of me did a bunch of things on the register and did not even acknowledge us even though I know she saw us. Many minutes later she came and took our order. The food here was amazing. We had the steak nachos and chicken quesadilla. very high quality meats and products used to make the food. If you dint mind the not so great service stop in and try the food.I give the food 5 stars and the service 1 star
4	Was in Vegas for business and did not feel like doing the "vegas" thing and wanted to instead do the relax and in suite spa thing. After looking at the room service menu and realizing that I am not P DIDDY I realized that there was nothing on the room service menu for me in my price range. So instead I went down stairs ordered some food from Yolos and never looked back. Took it to go. I ordered the quesadillas which were really good. It came with side of sour, guac and salsa. It was big enough for me as a full meal. Plus it was about half the price of the room service food. And they were quick. The meal was ready in about 5-7 minutes. You'll have to go grab a drink from an ABC store in the mall cause they have drinks too but don't have lids for their cups which when walking through a crowded casinos full of drunks is a necessary. If I stay at the Planet again I will eat here again. Good food inside the casino.
5	I wouldn't call this your traditional Mexican, of course. I went here with a very large party for a pre-wedding dinner. I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but I was really surprised but what I got!At the time, I had no idea what 'YOLO' meant. I regret fully that I do now, but alas. ANYWAY.The food was fantastic. Had a little bit of everything -steak, chicken, fish, some appetizers I had no idea what they were but were delicious. The desserts were amazing as well, a mixture of many different things you could just pick out.Oh, did I mention for this particular event there were unlimited margaritas and beer? Oh yes.
5	Fantastic place. Come here often. Good food and prices!
5	Great Service, Enchilada, and Drinks. Highly recommended!
1	***Do NOT waste your money!***We went here for a birthday dinner and it was our first time eating here and since we were staying in Planet Hollywood we decided to give it a try. The decor was really pretty and I did like the vibe, but it was kind of empty so that should have told us something. I ordered shredded beef enchiladas and my cousin ordered the carne asada tacos. They both cost about $15 each and came with black beans and cilantro rice. When the food came the rice was cold on both our plates and the food was not well seasoned. The shredded beef tasted like pot roast and the black beans tasted like they came out a can. The only good thing that I can say about the place was that when I told the manager the food was not good, after I took two bites, she agreed and we immediately left without having to pay.
4	Not really authentic mexican food, but it's a step up from a Chevy's - the food is still very good for the price, especially during happy hour. They have Margaronas! They have a "skinny" menu - low calorie drinks + meals, i ordered the vegetarian burrito with the Skinny Margarita, which was very strong. They also have a decent happy hour menu - burritos, enchiladas with sides for like $10. Not bad, it's worth trying.
2	Our bartender was great! but the food made me feel yucky.  The salsa and guac was good, but the GREASY chips made me sick.  They ruined the taste of the salsa and guac.  I shoulda went to earls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! dangit...
4	I've been here about five times in the past five years and this restaurant never fails me. I always get the strawberry margarita blended and it comes in a cool glass. It isn't authentic Mexican food, more like Southwestern with a twist. The menu is limited and you have to pay for chips and salsa if you want them ($3 is all). I recommend the chicken enchiladas, caesar salad, and the flautas.
5	Yolos is one of my favorite places to eat in the world.  Maybe it is because it is always the first place I go to when I get to Vegas so I am excited and in a great mood but every time I go there there food is great, it is at reasonable prices and the service is quick.  Not a fancy Vegas restaurant by any means but if you are looking for a quick sit down dinner with good food and drinks at a good price Yolos is the place.
1	overpriced garbage.  the 12 dollar toastada salad (with three tiny bites of steak) was nothing more than a side salad.  they are so cheap that they charge for chips.  they also do not take total rewards comps (there are no signs to tell anyone in the place or on the menu), and all they could say was sorry.  how about putting up a sign that states you do not take harrah's comps!!!much better places to eat than this garbage, overpriced place.
3	Omg karaoke!!!!!!  We stumbled upon this place doing karaoke while we were killing time.  I didn't eat so I can't comment on the food.  The karaoke girl seemed cool, but the sound system sucked.  The place was pretty empty so she had to put the rotation on hold for a long time.
4	This review is based solely on their happy hour. I didn't eat but I did partake in 3 or so margaritas. The margaritas during happy hour are 5 bucks which is amazing for Vegas and they are strong. I highly recommend them!!The service is SLOW. They only had one waitress on so you have to be a little agressive and ask for drinks when they pass by but for five bucks, you can't really go wrong!!Happy Hour is from 3-5 and it's the best one I found on the strip!
1	well what can I say, we decided to give it a shot, we were seated very quickly since the place was pretty empty. After we were seated we looked at our menus for a good ten minutes or more and still had not gotten any service not even our drink order was taken. Still minutes later more people began to arrive three more tables were filled up just around us and as I kept glancing from the menu to the tables I realized two tables that were there after us already had drinks, one had chips and drinks and our table was still empty.Its not real Mexican food and we wanted to try and it but since we got no service, not even acknowledged we got up and took our asses elsewhere. If your in Planet Hollywood I recommend heading to the Sandwich Of Earl and Chef Ramsay Burgr.
3	Order the ceviche!! You will not regret it..ask for extra tortilla chips though bc they don't give you enough..also on Saturday nights they have karaoke and if you actually sing you get a free shot!! Not a bad way to start off your night on the strip!
5	I'm a huge fan of Yolos.  I've eaten here probably a half-dozen times in the past two years, and it's on my short list every time I'm in the general area.  It's not really "authentic" Mexican, but they do put out some damn good food.  They've got their own spin on some Mexican classics, which I like.  The happy hour deals (3pm-6pm M-Th, 5 items, $5 each) are all outstanding and a great value.
4	We tried this place a couple of times and really like the food.  Drinks are okay and small though.Recommendations: Guacamole and Fajitas - we found these to be really good dishes
4	Love it. Inventive, creative takes putting a spin on traditional Mexican. Timely and friendly service made for two great dining experiences.
4	happy hour margaritas! steak tacos amazing! chicken fajitas oohhh yumm!  next time i'm in Vegas i will be returning  here for sure!
5	This place is really good. There isn't anything here on the menu that I didn't like.  My fav at this place is of course, the fajitas.  I mean, what Mexican restaurant wouldn't be good if their fajitas sucked??  Def not this one!!  I had the steak fajitas TWICE in my Vegas trip ( I mean, there are only so many meals you can have in your weekend trip to Vegas, right?).   My only complaint is that the waiters could have checked up on us a little bit more...I had to run over to the cabinet area to fetch my own water (boo to that)...but otherwise this place is awesome.
4	My boyfriend and I hit the Yolos bar last Saturday night, before catching the early performance of Peepshow (terrible). We each had a Margarona, which is a bottle of Corona tipped into a giant Margarita. It was really refreshing and delicious. We decided to have some appetizers- chip, guacamole, salsa and a shrimp dish. The food was excellent and I wish that we had decided to have a full meal here.In the end it was a little pricey- three drinks and the appetizers came to around eighty dollars. However, we enjoyed everything and our bartender was very nice and personable. She even took care of fixing a mistake from the kitchen, walking back there and getting our order done right. I would definitely go back here.
1	Sat down at a booth waited for about 10-15 mins for service, but no one helped us, so we left.
3	I really think they out crack in their chips and salsa because I've never had chips and salsa taste that good!  I had their fish tacos, which was pretty good.  Also tried their Cucumber/Jalepeno Margarita--which I was NOT the business.  I took two sips and was done.  Didn't like the flavor.  Service was not bad. I was there for a bachelorette party and we told them we had a show to catch and they had the food come out quick.  But yeah, the chips & salsa--ridic. good.
3	We were looking for a good lunch spot to get out of the heat, enjoy some more upscale mexican food and say goodbye before we all left for the airport. Made a reservation on Yelp after reading the reviews. Still had to wait when we got there, but we won $21.00 on the penny slots while waiting so it paid for part of the lunch ;)You have to pay for chips and salsa and we had 3 die-hard salsa fans, so we ordered two orders - which got pricey, especially because there is not a lot of salsa in each order (although what you do get was very, very good). I had the vegetarian enchiladas and added guacamole (for an extra charge). The sauce could have used a little more punch in the flavor, but all and all it was really good. I enjoyed the cilantro rice as well.The other two dinners ordered the chicken burrito and taco lunch specials and said they both loved their meal. Cool drink menu presentation at the table (like an iPad type menu) and the service was good and attentive. I liked how dark it felt in there - good ambience to forget you are in bright, hot Vegas. Decent meal - I am not sure I would rush back when I am back in Vegas, but recommend if you like a little upscale American version of Mexican food and some good salsas. (I tried to forget the name was Yolo the entire time I was there - was that named intentionally or coincidentally?)
3	After participating in classic Las Vegas nightly events, our party found Yolos to 1. have an appropriate name and 2. be conveniently located in our hotel. As mornings/afternoons can be a rough time, what's better than good ol' American Mexican food. We got the queso fundido, which was alright. Cheese after a Vegas night is not such a great idea. Quesadilla was decent. Fish tacos were bland. Taquitos were apparently great. The carnitas taco was pretty tasty as well. Overall, an accessible and medium-priced place for that time that you just want food. Later in the night, we noticed that if you sing karaoke, you get some sort of deal at the bar. We were intrigued, but did not follow up with the offer.
5	I was in between meetings at Planet Hollywood and looking for a good lunch spot...Yolos was the perfect choice. We started with the chips and 3 dips...the chips were perfectly crispy with just enough salt and I loved the regular salsa and mango salsa. For my entree, I had tacos with cilantro rice. My favorite taco was the carne asada and my co-worker loved her fajitas. Everything was tasty and the service was super friendly and attentive!
4	You know how, generally when you're starving after being on the booze train and really anything will normally taste good then? Plus, I love mexican food so yes, I loved Yolos. However, make no mistake, I'm not saying this because of the booze and my love for the type of cuisine; the food is pretty good. Their shrimp tacos are amazing and my burrito was very nice as well. It's a cool place to hang out over some food and drinks. The waiters and waitresses are very nice. I highly recommend it.
4	This is a great stop for a quick patron shot or rendezvous with friends/family before heading out for a night on the town. I knew I was really in Vegas when I saw that this place had patron on tap. LOL! I had to stop. Patron on tap is something I'd never seen.
2	We ate here for lunch with friends who were visiting from out of town last week. They had a decent (for the strip) lunch special which was various entrees for $9.95 with optional $5 margaritas.Everyone except me opted for the special.... sadly, there were no veggie or fish options on the special menu, which meant that my food and drink came out to a whopping $29.My shrimp tacos were pretty forgettable, I barely touched my beans and rice, and you have to pay for chips and salsa. Lame.I'm not normally a cheapskate, I swear, but for mediocre food at lunchtime? No thanks. Instead of bang for my buck, Yolo provided a whimper.You only live once... so go eat somewhere else.
5	We love this place.  Bartenders are very friendly, one beautiful young lady has worked there for years and she always remembers us, even what we drink! The best guacamole and tortilla soup around.   Nice  place to cool off, have friendly people help you and have some great food.
3	No id, no admittance. No shorts, no table. Take out it is. It's cool, I like room delivery anyway. Tortilla soup was way too salty. Quesadilla was bland.Three stars alone for THE BEST guac and chips I've ever had! And to think in a Vegas hotel of all places. This is their saving grace.
4	Some of the best fajitas.. Mmm!! The chicken tortilla soup is bomb too. I LOVE the tableside Guac but prefer sitting @ the bar, table service is very iffy.
2	The food wasn't very good.The enchiladas were more like microwave food and he fish tacos were dry :(The location isn't very nice too, right of the casino lobby.I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
4	Had a great time with good food, service, drinks and fun karaokeing! A great way to spend time with friends! A fun environment... even mixed it up with other karaoke'ers and had fun dancing too!
4	I was pleasantly surprised with Yolos, I'd say it gets a 3.5, but I'll round up because I was not expecting to like it. My husband and I had just checked into our room at PH and were borderline hangry, so we needed some food in our bellies pronto. We downed the chips and salsa like it was our job until we could have a rational conversation again, and then ordered some drinks. I tried the jalapeno cucumber margarita, which was excellent, but my advice is to drink it fast because after sipping it for a while the jalapenos definitely infused the liquid and it got SUPER spicy. For my entree, I ordered the vegetable enchiladas with cilantro rice, and they were excellent, stuffed full of lots of grilled veggies. The rice was very flavorful as well. All in all, nothing spectacular, but a tasty, reasonably priced choice.
3	Yolo's is a lame name, but decent food! We had the street tacos and they were really good! Their guacamole was some of the best that we have ever had and it is fixed table side! The salsa was disappointing though. The only strange thing is that to make a to-go order you must do it there, they can't do them over the phone. Which is inconvenient because we were staying at the hotel it was in. That aside it was a pleasant experience, we even ate their twice during our stay!
1	Do not go here!! Worst restaurant experience I've ever had!!My boyfriend and I wanted to go to Earl of Sandwich, but when the line was too long we didn't want to wait so we decided to give Yolos a try. Worst decision EVER! When we got there the restaurant was empty and it was 12:30 which is prime time for restaurants. While that should have been a red flag we decided to give it a try anyway. When we were seated the hostess warned us that the waiter would take a while to get to us which I didn't understand because they weren't busy at all. Turns out she was right and we didn't get any service for a good 10 minutes. We thought about leaving but unfortunately stayed because the lunch special was in our budget.    When we finally ordered, our drinks didn't come out for another 10 minutes. The salsa was alright but not very spicy. I ordered the tamales and my boyfriend ordered the burrito-both on the lunch menu for $9 each. My tamales had barely any chicken and tasted bland, the rice had absolutely no flavor, and the black beans tasted like they were from a can. Not to mention the temperature of the food was scorching hot so I could barely eat it at first. My boyfriend stopped eating midway through his meal because he lost his appetite and he is quite the foodie. His burrito steak tasted like pot roast and there was no spice whatsoever. Burritos are not supposed to taste like pot roast people! GROSS! Our server was very polite but he was busy waiting on the entire restaurant by himself so service was extremely slow. The only positive thing I have to say about this place is that the drink menu is illuminated which is pretty cool, and it has a hip vibe but looks can be deceiving! I was born and raised in Texas so I know how good Mexican food tastes like and this food is very far from it.Bottom line is don't go here unless you want slow service and bland food.
4	I went to Yolos during my recent stay at PH for dinner on a Saturday night.  At around 7, the bar was pretty full but there were plenty of tables available.I ordered the tortilla soup to start and was forewarned that it was spicy.  The small was a nice sized portion with big chunks of chicken.  It was very spicy and needless to say cleaned out my sinuses (but still, very good).  For dinner I had the tostada salad with grilled chicken.  The salad was pretty big with roasted corn, black beans and avocados.  The servers were very friendly and the food came out really quickly. I wouldn't mind coming back and trying their margaritas and nachos!
4	Fantastic guacamole
2	I was excited to go here after reading reviews that said it was awesome - plus it was a late night at Planet Hollywood and our party of 4 was looking for some good food.Instead we got poor service, mediocre food, and a high bill. Our party had fajitas, taquillos, and enchiladas, plus we ordered chips and salsa. Which would be worth a big bill if it the service and food made it worth it - which it didn't. We will never go there again, and recommend you don't either. There are so many choices in Vegas, why waste time at a crappy one?
2	I've had better but I've also had worse.  That's the best I could say about the food at this place.  It's a bit overpriced as well.  It's not a 3 star... more a 2.5 star.  I ordered the pork poblino and it was decent.  Nothing really to shout home about.  I'm from San Diego so of course there are tons of Mexican restaurants down here and fast food places that you can get tastier food and pay way less... One thing that bothered us though was that our friend ordered the steak nachos.  The guy brought out steak tacos because that's what he thought she said.  Instead of saying "oh I'm sorry, let me fix the problem," he basically said, "i heard tacos"... like he it was her fault and he wasn't going to help... that was a bit rude... part of customer service is being nice and making sure that if the ordered is screwed up then you see how you can make it better... he did not attempt to do any of that... FAIL! I really wouldn't come back but I wouldn't tell someone they should never eat there... I would just tell them to find a better option for Mexican food if they can.
1	Food was sub par, one step up from taco bell. The drunken nachos were ok, but hard to eat. The main courses were not spectacular. Mojitos tasted like a cheap sugar mix... Overall it was $80 for two people, I wouldn't think it was worth $40.
1	When we called inquire about vegetarian options and whether or not they use lard in their tortillas and beans, the hostess was clueless about food ingredients and I was placed on hold for an inordinate amount of time. After speaking to the manager, we decided to try it out. I placed an order for a less spicy pico de gallo and when it came it burned the roof of my mouth. I asked if something less spicy could be made and was told that everything is pre-made. When the entrees came (we ordered the quinoa salad and fish tacos) I found everything so incredibly spicy that I ended up finishing my kids' quesadilla! Normally love Mexican food but am for sure going to skip this place next time.
2	I was in Yolos on December 26th with family.We reserved the table. When we came they offered us the table behind the column. When I was trying to ask if we can have the table next to that(the place was almost empty), the answer was: the table is reserved and we already attached every table to exact reservation(what a bunch of b..?!) Finally we got another table, after I said that I did reserve the table too. And when the waitress was taking the order, we tried to translate her questions about rice preferences to our guests from Russia, she heard it and was trying to get away impatiently("you need the time, I'll come later"). What kind of service is that??And than I saw that she brought the wrong check to the  table next to us! People were really disappointed!After we had the food, we were sitting for a while talking, and NO ONE cleaned the table full of plates for 30 min after we finished eating!!! She had asked if she can take the plates, but she didn't!!  We paid the check, she returned for it, and still didn't try to clean the table!?! What the f.. service is that???By the way, the food itself was good;)))) but the waitress... I'll never come back!
5	Fantastic food! I loved that our lunch tasted so fresh and yummy! We went in there at an odd hour (4:00pm) and everything was great. Service, food and such.
5	Go here for Happy Hour.  Appetizers and drinks for $5.  The ambience is great and even better when the bar gets full.
4	We were looking for a place that wasn't super expensive and Mexican food sounded good.  So we stumbled upon Yolos in Planet Hollywood via Yelp reviews.   It looked great and my husband and I both being vegetarians liked the looks of the veggie enchiladas and the veggie fajitas.  That's what we ordered. They were great!  I don't know what they do to their veggies but the spices are amazing.  The veggie fajitas were our favorite.  So good.  A little loud due to its proximity to the casino but hey, you're in Vegas.  We would go back. Plus $5 beers (tall ones!).
1	The host was not very friendly and almost turned our party away based on our size. We sat in the bar during happy hour and our party was crammed into a tight corner and told we couldn't order for happy hour. The bartender was flustered as she was a server for the bar as well. When our drinks arrived they were watered down and had to be remade. Fingers crossed for our entrees as they came out within a reasonable time. So far not impressed.
5	Amazing food and service, When you go ask for ERIC, he was kind and answered all of my annoying tourist questions. My cup was never empty and their steak tacos are superb. The atmosphere is clean and comfortable with the casino within a few steps.
5	Super good !! We had the street tacos and we loved them and trust me I know good Mexican food. The tacos had a lot of flavor I would recommend coming here for lunchThe guacamole salsa was great!! It's inside of planet Hollywood
1	Came here before a pool party with my friends. We had bathing suits on but were still covered in wraps. The hostess told us we could sit at the bar. And then the bartender told us we just had to make sure we stayed covered. After ordering and getting a few drinks the terrible manager lady came by and told us we had to leave because we had swim attire. After telling her we weren't staying at that hotel and were already told two people we could stay there it wasn't right that she was making us leave. She gave me a dry apology and said she could make our food to go. Poor service and poor attitude. If you're not going to serve people in certain attire and you're a half bar in the casino not even a real restaurant on its own at least have a sign posted. Or honor what your employees already said could be done. Period.
4	Really enjoyed the food here, the salsa is killer and the mahi mahi is very tasty as well. Also tried the steak fajitas and they were excellent would deff eat here again
3	There's a scene in the dark knight. I've seen it like two thousand times. Seriously, I've seen it a lot. When I was a kid I watched Star Wars over and over again. It was on cable and my parents liked to leave me at home alone for really long stretches. I watched it so much, I memorized pretty much all the dialogue and songs in the movie. I'm old now, though. So I calculate I'll need to watch this batman movie at least eight thousand more times to memorize it all. Anyway, the scene where the joker tries to shoot the mayor; the only glimpse we get of him without makeup. That was about the time I ordered. About two minutes later, literally, my food arrived. It felt like I had traveled back in time and ordered before I arrived. God damn I wish that was possible. The self I send back would always be waiting in line. So I got nervous. Like, this one meal could ruin my whole trip to Vegas. It still might.I'm writing this waiting for my check. But the food was decent enough.The service was friendly, and very boobalicious. Oh, there's was also a very fit, attractive male also. Vegas must grow em on trees or something. Good looking people, not hot guys. What?The bottom line is, if everything else is crowded and you're so hungry you could eat a dead rat off a sewer grate, then try this joint. Otherwise, earl of sandwich is right around the corner.
4	Good food. Nice service, decent price for the strip. Way less busy than other nearby similar Mexican restaurants probably because it's indoors only but good break from the heat! Great 10$ lunch special (15 with a margarita)
4	This place does not have a name brand chef, true that. The price is in line for the food served considering this is Vegas & the strip. The 2 of us ate for $54. Our bar tab for 2 delicious Margo-Ronas was $24 pushing the tab & tip up. Perhaps I'm not feeling the pinch because a similar drink in DC would cost more. For entrees, we had the Pork-Pibil (4.25 stars) & the Steak Picado (3 stars), service by Gustavo(4.5 stars), ambiance (4.5 stars), drinks(5 stars). Average = 4.25 for rating. That is a-okay in a city with so many big name chefs and prices. If you are not a buffet grazer, this is a very decent alternative.This restaurant is inside Planet Hollywood Casino, near PF Chang's.
3	My girlfriend and I met my dad here for a little Cinco de Mayo treat while we were visiting for the week. We had Gustavo as a server....he was pretty bad. He was either overwhelmed or distracted b/c he only checked on us a few times, and we ended up drinking somewhere else b/c of how bad he was. We were ready to spend a bunch of money on margaritas, but his service left us w/ a bad taste in our mouth. The hostess...on the other hand (not sure what her name was, but she had dark hair & was pretty cute) did a GREAT job. She was very welcoming, professional, and friendly. Plus, anytime were called her over (which was a few times) she took care of us immediately  with drinks, water, etc. Food was pretty good. They make the guac in front of you (I'm always a fan of that). My dad got enchiladas (not sure which ones). He said they were just okay. He mentioned a few times that the enchiladas and the black beans were missing something. My GF and I had some tacos. I had the Shrimp ones (Shrimp Baja  perhaps?), and they were pretty good. The shrimp was a different flavor than I had expected, but different in a good way!The location wasn't bad, and the "ambiance" was pretty good. It was a little on the darker side (not like Darth Vader dark, but with minimal lighting LOL).I know it is Vegas, and every drink is $15+, but I would have appreciated a bigger margarita glass. The ones we were served was not impressive for the amount. Overall, the flavors for the margs were pretty damn good.
4	I had the large shrimp fajitas and they were fantastic. The service was fast and friendly. I will return!
2	The phrase that best describes this dining experience can only be. "Aggressively mediocre." Our drink orders and meal orders were extremely slow and incorrect. Our check was not adjusted to reflect the corrections. We asked for salt and hot sauce that never came. We all described our food as "okay." All in all, a disappointing experience that took about an hour longer than it should have .
4	This reminds me of what TGI Friday's would be like if it were Mexican and actually used quality ingredients. It had that kind of campy, chain-restaurant feel. My shrimp salad was delicious, though! And the table-made guac was the real deal.Drinks were weak. Wouldn't go out of my way to go here again, but definitely a solid meal if you are craving flavors from South of the border.
4	Good food, average prices. Our drinks (blueberry mojito and dragon berry tea) were very strong, but the food serving sizes were great. We ordered the carne asada tacos, tostada salad, and chips/salsa and everything was very tasty. Food and drinks came quickly too. They have a large assortment of tequilas for a build-your-own margarita, as well.
3	Came here for a drink before going about our business.  Their mango margarita was tasty.  Can't comment on food, but there were quite a few people after the lunch rush that were chowing down.The bartender was really nice and was the only one handling the fort.
5	Love the queso. Street tacos are fantastic. I always try to make it here once when in Vegas.
1	Great customer service & guacamole,  but that's where it STOPS!!!  It's like a Mexican Food version of McDonald's!!! Great management,  my group complained about the horrible food and we only paid for the guacamole!! NEVER TRY THE MARGARITAS!!!
3	If the portions were a little bigger or the prices were a little lower it would get 4 stars. The street tacos are very good. The cilantro rice is really good just not enough of it. The regular Mexican rice was tasteless and bland. The workers were pretty friendly. There just simply wasn't enough good too warrant 14$ for a plate that had barely any rice on it.
3	I ate here primarily because A. I stayed in this hotel and B. they had televisions for the World Cup. I ordered their sangria which was tasty. I had the tostada which was just fine. The ambiance is decent enough for a Vegas eatery. I'd go back.
5	I got to Vegas super early and was craving their Queso Fundido so I went hoping they'd be open. I had to wait long enough to lose a few hundred dollars as they don't open until 11:30. I had the Queso and street tacos as normal. I also thought I'd be a tough guy and order the salsa Diablo. They were nice enough to replace it with the house salsa after I swallowed my pride. I think they may have noticed I was sucking down ice water like it was keeping me alive. Anyway, you won't believe this. I still don't believe it myself...Towards the end of my meal, the manager came by and recognized me from my past yelp review!  I was kinda freaked out!  But how awesome is that!  She had messaged me previously asking how they could improve their service so there was correspondence, but wow!  I was impressed. She walked by and did a double take and was like are you, did you, are you the guy I talked to who left a yelp review?  She was really pretty. Lol. So I may have gotten a bit nervous after that!Regardless, great food as always, and the Queso Fundido with chorizo is simply fantastic. The service was great. I had multiple people take care of me.I will go back for sure, maybe even again on this trip!  You don't find sincere personal service like that at very many places and it is appreciated. That's how you gain loyal customers. They gained one today!
5	Nady makes me want to move to Vegas! What a gem! We ended up staying for hours just because her energy and drinks are by far the best thing in the whole casino! She invented a drink called the black swan and I think it would make an amazing martini or shot! We did not eat any food but it looked pretty! The dragon berry tea is scrumptious and the margaritas are spectacular!!
4	Located in Planet Hollywood. Came here twice while in Vegas! The happy hour is AWESOME! I tried guac and chips (so many chips!) and the quesadilla (comes with the option to add onions and peppers- I suggest that). Both were amazing and just $5! $5 also can buy you an excellent frozen or on the rocks margarita (any flavor you want). Came back the next day and tried the chicken fajitas (comes with all the fixins and it was amazing). Had a bite of my friends ceviche- it was okkkkay. Not very fresh tasting but I still enjoyed it. Also it was very spicy. Everything else is awesome! Shout out to Niko for being the best bartender!
3	After finding out it would be a 2 hour wait at Gordon Ramday BurGR, we decided to hang out inside YOLOS (they had no wait) for drinks and appetizers. I was first impressed by the large, long booth we were sat at. That quickly changed when the people at our table kept kicking each other. There was no room under the table for us to sit comfortably. Our server was quick to take our drink order and gave us plenty of time to look over the menu. We ordered a "Quesadilla" priced at $10 and "Empanadas" priced at $10 for our snackage. The quesadilla had jack cheese, onions and peppers inside. It also came with a side of salsa, sour cream and guacamole. The quesadilla was good, but average. If you want beef, chicken or shrimp in it then it will cost you $4-$5 more. The empanadas were well liked by hubby and I. They were stuffed with chorizo and had a green chile avocado salsa underneath them. The only complaint I have about that dish is the size of it. They put enough of the green chile avocado salsa on the plate so why not add just 1 more empanada to make it an even 4? If this were a cocktail party I could understand the small bites and portions, but this wasn't the case. With 4 people at our table it was awkward so hubby and I just ended up splitting one of them. The margarita did taste decent! They have lunch specials during the week that right now start at $9.95 and a Happy Hour at the bar as well. Also beware about the music inside this place. it's very loud and it's hard to have a conversation with the people sitting right at your table.
5	I'm a big fan of Planet Hollywood.  The ambiance is pretty nice and the staff is friendly.YOLOS is conveniently located adjacent to the entrance and the casino floor.  I ordered three bottled Miller Lites, which were delicious as always.  The bartender was an attentive hottie wearing a black tank top and yoga pants.  So I've got no complaints there.My friends and I, who were killing time before the BRITNEY show chatted with a couple of young ladies at the bar who were also seeing BRITNEY that night.All in all - this is a nice place with good energy :-)
1	the food is so bland and everything is a upcharge
1	Don't go there! I had the street fish tacos, they were so dry I had to order a side of sour cream and it still didn't taste anything.  My friend she had a tostada salad and it was a colorless salad she had to look for the avocado and there was barely any chicken in it. To top it all off they had forgot to throw dressing on her iceberg. Worst ever!
2	I'll be honest... this place is not great.  I was killing a few hours before my red eye flight, and came here because I was craving some Mexican food.  I really should have gone elsewhere.Pros - friendly service.The guacamole was actually pretty good.Cons -The tortilla chips did not taste fresh and were not very good.They didn't offer burritos.... what?  They only offer burritos M-Thurs (or something like that.)The chicken quesadilla definitely tasted like something I could have made at home and was unimpressive.  Part of it was soggy (with what?  no idea), and there was dead space along the whole outside of the quesadilla that didn't have any fillings... so it was just bland tortillas.  Meh.YOLO, so you should probably go somewhere else.
5	That chick that looks like Christina is real as fuck! Best bartender ...NICO. If you need to, just come here, have a good time, and tip her as she deserves haha
5	Fun little bar and restaurant located inside Planet Hollywood on the strip.  My husband and I were in Vegas for 4 days and visited Yolos three times.Our bartender Chris was very engaging, setting waters and menus down in front of us before we even got completely situated at the bar.  He kept the drinks strong and coming.  We ordered chips and salsa to soak up some of the booze, and were pleasantly surprised with the huge portion size.  We couldn't finish them, and they were only $3.50, which is a bargain for the location.We will definitely return to Yolos on our next Vegas vacation!
4	I've been to YOLOS many times and while I can always be assured that the roasted vegetable fajitas will be delicious, the quality of service is a hit or miss. Usually it is leaning on the bad side, though. Their fresh fruit lemonades are tasty and fresh, as well, but I am always disappointed that I pay $4 for only a few ounces of the stuff (about 1/3 the size of their sodas), and that there are no free refills! Come on, YOLOS.I would give 3 stars, but the fajitas are just that damn good...
3	What happened to the amazing salsa they were famous for????  Everytime we're in Vegas we make sure to have dinner there, but not anymore.  Their salsa and food have lost the flavor we loved so much.
3	I would normally guve Yolos a 5 for great Mexican food, but the salsa is so bland since they changed it!  Beer selection is good.  Enchiladas are good - but someone needs to taste that salsa!!  No kick at all!  Come on Yolos!  Bring it back!!
2	Stopped in here to hang with some friends and most likely won't be back. The music is way to damn loud. Seriously you can't hear the person sitting right next to you let alone sitting across from you. The booths are so cramped together that you play a game of "kicking footsie" with others at your table. My wife accidentally got kicked from the person sitting across from her and she was bleeding. Like missing a toenail bleeding. The food tasted decent however you don't get enough for the cost and it certainly isn't authentic Mexican food.
1	worst. nachos. ever.  Service was not great, and the place only had a few people there. Only 3 people were in our party and the server charged us gratuity and tried to sneak it in by just giving us the total for the bill. Not impressed
1	Some friends and I stopped in for karaoke. We ordered drinks ( I had the $30 margarita)  and had some nachos. Omg the nachos were so bad. The drinks were fine. The kicker was when the bill was dropped off I noticed it seemed high. I asked for the detailed recipient. The server added 8% gratuity and there were only 3 of us in our party. Totally deceiving and glad I asked for the itemized receipt. Request an itemized receipt!
1	Ordered the carnitas tacos and carne asada tacos. Both were absolutely tasteless even with the addition of salsa. Could have (should have) gone off the Strip and paid half as much for twice as good. But then, that's always the case.
1	Not the best.  Queso was horrible by my husbands standards.  He said Chili's was much better.  Skip this place and go somewhere else
5	Staff and drinks were quite the delight right in the casino. Great times! I always return when in Vegas. Never disappointed.
3	Stopped and had lunch here with our kids on Thanksgiving day... The place was fairly empty. But it was a cute little place. Our server was really quiet nice and on top of everything. Very friendly and efficient.Our food on the other hand, was much different... I was very disappointed, especially the cost of what little we received.My son wanted the steak nachos... However the menu doesn't tell you that what you get is 5-6 tortilla chips with a single piece of steak, jalepeno, and cheese on them and that's your "nachos"...  My son was not impressed and was still hungry... I shared my mediocre taquitos with him.The tortilla soup was less than impressive and was fairly watery. Lots of money for sub par food. Not worth it in our books to return.
3	It was just ok! I liken it to Chevy's or Chili's but way more expensive. Save your $$
