4	This spa was previously called Elemis, when the hotel was still The Aladdin.  Although it was obvious that they were still in transition, the did a great job in accomodating our party of 7.  The facility is beautiful, with all the amenities  of an upscale spa.  I had a 50 minute massage, plus an extra foot treatment for about $165.  My therapist was decent, and didn't do too much chit chatting during my treatment =) I enjoyed my 4 hours here, but the only thing that turned me off was that there were UGLY wire hangers in the lockers! I know it sounds stupid, but little details like that make a difference---you cant have a fancy schmancy spa, then stick wire hangers in the lockers. anyway, I had to minus 1 star just because they are still in transition, otherwise, its a great place to go.
1	My first mistake was going to Qua first and then going to the Planet Hollywood Spa.  I should have reversed the order.  Qua set my expectations really high.The first thing that upset me was that when I booked my reservation over the phone with Jodi, she told me it would cost $100 for an hour massage and that would include full access to the facility's amenities.  When we got there, the receptionist told us they don't offer a $100 massage so I had to be mistaken.  They said it was $135 - plus, they automatically include 18% gratuity.  When I asked to speak to Jodi, Jodi said she was positive she didn't quote me $100 because $100 is for another massage, not a deep tissue.  This contradicted what the first girl said because she said they didn't even offer a $100 massage.  I asked to speak with her manager so she went looking for a manager but she was gone for quite awhile so I headed to the gym to start working out.While I was running on the treadmill, three women in suits walked over to me.  It was a little awkward because they were dressed nicely and meanwhile sweat was pouring off my body.  Thanks to the coolrunning.com Couch-To-5k training program I've been following, I was not out of breath.  LOL - I SO did not mean to make that sound like a plug.I explained the situation to them and the one main lady explained they don't have a $100 massage so there was no way I was quoted that figure.  I mentioned Jodi said there was a $100 massage and she said the only way a massage could get close to that price would be if I had a coupon.  They she asked me if I had a coupon and I said 'no' but I asked if she would honor the coupon discount for me given these circumstances.  She then said she couldn't because coupons are only good Monday through Friday and it was a Saturday.  I finally gave up and told them we would still get our massages because it was already getting late and I didn't want to have to search for another massage place.The facilities were okay - keep in mind we had been to Qua the day before so I couldn't help but compare the two in my head.  My locker was really ghetto and I had a hard time opening it but finally one of the workers told me I needed to push hard on the door as I entered the number combination and after that it worked like a charm.The deep tissue massage was good, the girl was really friendly and nice.  When I mentioned how the girl at Qua had given me some advice, she gave me some more tips on ways to improve my posture.
1	I hate it when appointments aren't honored.   I left 35 minutes AFTER my appointment without receiving service (eyebrow tweeze).
4	Great for the price.  I got the Ceremony of Love package for me and my boyfriend.  The masseuse was very thorough.  We actually had no problems with noise in the rooms as another reviewer experienced, so that was a good thing.  The facilities are basic but decent for the price (it's $25 admission but waived with treatment and if you stay at the hotel you will most likely get a 2 for 1 spa admission comp).
1	Had an up-do on MY WEDDING DAY the girl could not have been ruder. She made snippy comments to my sister and friend and had snotty remarks about my choice of jewelry. Additionally the cost was ridiculous in relation to the quality of the work and when I confirmed the cost with the receptionist she rudely replied that the website prices are merely estimates and the stylists set their own prices. I would not recommend the hair salon.
1	If your looking for a relaxing day at the Spa, this is not the one.  First of all, the ambiance alone ruins the experience.  The lights are too bright, which encourages people to talk louder and when a quiet calming environment is needed.  The temperature is close to freezing and doesn't promote relaxation of the muscles.  Secondly, the customer service is marginal.  As I went into the spa, I was directed to the relaxation room without being given a tour of the Amenities, a locker, and a robe.  Here I am waiting for my treatment in my street clothes...I finally had to ask one of the workers to give me a locker and a robe.  Granted, I did only get the ultimate pedicure ($100) and a scalp massage ($95); but if I'm throwing down this kind of cash, I do still want to chill in a robe and relax.     The scalp massage felt good, but FM radio music was playing and it didn't exactly enhance the experience...and again, it was freezing!  The ultimate pedicure was more like a semi-deluxe pedicure...where the woman wore latex gloves and massaged my legs with extra oils and lotion...something I would've paid 5x less for somewhere else.       This place is not recommended by me at all.  If you're going to pay a premium price for a relaxing day at the spa...my advice is to GO ELSEWHERE!!!!
4	My boyfriend and I booked the Ceremony of Love package, which we really enjoyed. The staff was very friendly and professional. We were both given lockers and robes, as well as a tour of the facilities. The service itself was perfect. It started with a milk bath in a jacuzzi tub, surrounded by candles and tropical flower petals. The masseurs rang chimes before re-entering the room and gave us plenty of time to dry off and situate ourselves on the massage tables privately before our 50 minute Swedish massages.$360 per couple, including 18% gratuity. Excellent amenities. Great selection of complimentary toiletries and hair products.
4	Although the spa can be a bit pricey, I had the best massage/float! The massage therapist was great and I got his name to be sure to request him next time I go. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The facility was very nice. Its not the Ritz, but the facility is clean and what it lacks, the staff makes up for. I'll be back!
3	THANKfully the hotel had two free admissions to the spa. Otherwise to use the gym, which is inside the spa, is $25 per person.  The gym is uh sorta lacking. It has ~10 treadmills, ~3 ellipticals and I think 1 stairmaster. They had free weights and a few other weight machines. Who though, has enough energy to work out while in Vegas? But after pigging out, I had to try to run for a bit.I was more excited to use the spa facilities.  The person at the desk inside the spa was kinda nice but sluggishly weird at the same way.  I forgot my locker and she kinda seemed annoyed looking up my locker.The facilities themselves are oldish. I was in the steam room and it just didn't look that clean.  They had somewhat nice showers, but they only had body lotion, hand wash, mouth wash, hair spray and gel. No facial lotion. One of the pumps didn't work. My robe didn't have a waist tie thingie.I liked the waiting room and the little mini juices and water...
2	I gave it 2 stars because my massage was good but would have normally given it 1 star.  The facility and amenities were extremely disappointing.  They've updated the casino but did not touch the spa.  The lounge was small with old, uncomfortable seating.  The tiles in the shower were chipping; the door handle to the sauna had duct tape to hold it together; the apples were rotten.  I chose this place because they accept Spafinder certificates but if I use the certificates again, I would rather go to the Paris spa.
3	The spa facilities need an overhaul, but the treatments and people were great.Went in December stayed at the Planet Hollywood and my husband scheduled me a spa time as a Christmas gift. The lady in locker room helping me wasn't too enthusiastic about being there, and I was a little to hungover to care. The treatments were great, had an anti-aging facial and some sort of wrap...where you are seriously wrapped up and marinated for about 30 minutes...then shower  all the algae off and then get a massage...which was great! But afterward I wanted to brush or comb my hair and looked up and down for something, I'm used to a spa having disposable combs, razors, toothbrushes and soap accessible...but none was to be found. Some of it was locked up and you had to ask for it, or.... I finally asked the not so nice lady about where I could find a comb...annoyed by my apparently dumb question she pointed to the box on the counter that I guess sanitizes 3 brushes for reuse....The brushes had hair on them still and well it was a hard decision to figure out whether or not I wanted my hair knotted in a ball or brushed to look somewhat decent...The seating was uncomfortable, but if your tired enough I guess you can nap as one woman did...lol and the water dispenser was broken so they provided bottled water for you. It just seemed like a lot of stuff was out of place or out-of date... I don't know if they are working on an upgrade and letting this one slide till then, but had I know about this beforehand I would of opted to wait.
4	Had a massage with the gf here, we both had a swedish. It was a very good massage. The facility was very big, I can see why it's $30 a visit or whatever it is. I like the hot tub, it was huge and I had it to myself. They also had a steamroom and Sauna I believe. The showers were very nice. I didn't have to pay for this maybe that's why I have high reviews? thanks
1	My hubby and I celebrated his b-day in vegas this past weekend. We ended our trip here to relax before the drive home. The facilities suck!!!! Showers are stinky/moldy, the sauna doesn't work right, the steam room has nasty tiles and doesn't work either! I left here pissed and angry that  I had to pay to use the facilities. They are in horrid shape and lots of things are breaking, chipping, or duct tapped...how classy. I stayed and did not get to use the steam room or sauna because they were not turned on and the attendent was not very helpful. I hate this place with a passion and would not go back if someone even paid me.
4	I'm torn.  The spa itself could use a makeover, but this was hands down. the. best massage. of my life.  (Plus, he was hot!!)I was staying at PH with a bunch of my girlfriends for a bachelorette weekend, and our spa day was perfect.  The jacuzzi was nice, the steam room was incredible, and the work-out-aholic in our group said the gym was decent too.  I was too Vegas-indulgent to even say the word "treadmill" all weekend.  My masseuse (I swear to update with his name!) promised to turn me to jelly... I was incredibly knotted up and tense all through my shoulders and upper back.  He dug out a bunch of knots down my shoulder blades, then lifted my arm up over my head and started digging around in my armpit.  WTF?  I was actually kind of bummed, thinking he was a) doing some kind of weird lymph fluid draining thing or b) just getting fresh - I'm sure he had a great view of the ladies, and he was brushing up against them every once & a while.Here's the deal: he was loosening up & undoing knots in the muscles/tendons in my underarms... long story short, those bring your arms forward, and get tense in the everyday (typing, writing, etc) and then your shoulders and back get tense when they work to bring your arms back to a more relaxed, natural position (and it doesn't help when we have bad posture at our desks.)  Then he did this thing where I thought he was going to literally rip my arms out of their sockets... but OMG was it amazing.Holy crap!!!  I literally melted off the table when he was done.  And I have been dreaming about this massage (and him!) every day since.  I am not kidding.  Melty.  Heaven.  Perfect.  Jello.  ...sigh...Too bad only 4 stars because the place itself just feels old.  And while half of the staff was awesome, the other half was lacking in the personality department... actually, the woman who helped us out with our lockers was more like a zombie.OH YEAH!!  Almost forgot...  there are the standard water pitcher/jugs everywhere, but there's also a conveniently located mini-fridge in the lounge... stocked with mini bottles of water... and best of all... JUICES.  Apple, cranberry, and orange juices that the girls and I whisked away to enjoy later, with the bottle of skyy that came with the room.  Thank you, PH.
1	I was in Vegas for four days.  It was my girlfriend's first visit to America's Playground, and I was hoping to show her a really great Vegas experience.  So, of course we needed to have a spa day!  I hunted around for a good deal and a good spa, and settled on the PH spa.  I had this whole plan to surprise her and everything.  It was hard to get away from her to make the reservation so I txt'd my mother (who was also in Vegas for her own engagements), who made reservations for us (I didn't find out until later, she actually PAID for the massages too!  Yea, she's awesome)Anyway, I digress. So my elaborate plan is in motion and we venture to the spa, and we still had some drinks in our hands, and as we approached the reception desk we were NOT greeted with a friendly "Hello!" or a "How can we help you?" NO!  The guy at the desk abruptly says, "You can't have drinks on the premises."  However, his entire demeanor changed as soon as I sad we were checking in.  They accommodated us right away and took us to our respective areas.When I arrived at my locker and found my robe, it was missing the waist tie, and I had to ASK for one. REALLY!?  So our appointments were at 4:00pm, and yes we were early, so I watched the old 27in CRT TV in the lounge which was fine, I guess.  I went back to the locker room desk and noted the time, 4:05pm.  I informed the guy that my massage was supposed to start 5 minutes ago, and he said "You need to wait in the lounge."  Five minutes later, the massage therapist came to get me.Hands down, she was amazing!  We paid for Swedish massage, but I asked if she could do some deep tissue on some areas and she happily obliged. Now this is the WORST PART.  After my massage, I went to go pay (at this point I had NO IDEA my mother had already paid for them), and they happily took my cash.  It wasn't until 90 minutes later, when I spoke to my mother that she had paid for them.I went back down to the Spa to find them on the phone trying to call my room (only because my mother had called to ask them WTF happened!)  They were supposed to give us a card and everything when we checked in, and my mother said it best, "They completely ruined the surprise for you."They were able to give me my cash back, but my mother is still not pleased with the situation.  I'm going to try and call myself tomorrow, and will update with what transpires.
3	My fiance & I stayed at Planet Hollywood a couple of weeks ago, and we decided that it would be a good idea to have a spa day about half way through our trip to relax and unwind. Neither of us have either gotten a massge before, so this was a first for both of us, and we were really looking forward to it. When we called to make the reservation about a week in advance, they were able to accomadate us. We were there on a Monday afternoon, and it was completely dead! I was the only female there when I arrived, and my fiance said there were only one or two other guys there. I'll admit - I have to agree with the other reviewers - their decor was not the greatest. It could use a little upgrade, but it was clean & comfortable.Our massges were good I thought, although, like I said, this being a first for both of us, I have nothing to compare to. They ask before they start if there is anything they should focus on or avoid, which I thought was nice. Both of the massage therapists we got were really good I thought.The workers at the desk are another story. Although they were very nice, we had $20 off coupons for each of our services. They told us they would deduct them while we were in getting our massages and then we would take care of any sort of payment onour way out. When we were leaving there was a different girl at the desk, who had the wrong people's sheets in front of her, and almost charged us the wrong amount. Then tried telling us that we never gave them the coupions. I informed this woman that I WATCHED the girl staple them to our sheets, and then she found them along with our correct sheets. But by that time, they had already charged my credit card! So then they had to issue a refund in the amound of the coupons, which did not process for at least a week, so I was out the money in my bank account when I could have used it, which upset me a little.Other than that, I think it was a good experience. I don't know if I will be back to THIS spa in particular, but this will not be my last massage!
3	Proceed with reading my review with one key fact in mind: This was my first ever professional massage/spa appointment. If I was reviewing ONLY the massage itself, I would have given it 5 stars because it was relaxing, comfortable and professionally handled. However, this review covers ALL aspects of my experience from the moment I walked in, 'til the moment I walked out.During the planning of our seven day trip to Vegas, my fiance and I decided to reserve massages at the PH Spa for about halfway through our stay, to help undo the first 4 days of walking all day, late nights and of course the resulting hangovers. What trip to Vegas is complete without a hangover?!We were able to check in immediately since there was no one else waiting, and the front desk receptionist was warm and friendly, as expected at a place focused on relaxation and rejuvenation. We each had a $20 off coupon toward our services, and we were told the total would be adjusted and ready to be signed for after our massages.The facilities themselves were clean and comfortable, but fairly dated--the walls and decor had an Arabian theme, an obviously carryover from when Planet Hollywood used to be the Aladdin a few years ago. With no prior comparison as I mentioned, I thought the massage itself was fantastic, and the masseuse was extra-helpful once I informed her of my massage-virginity.After the 50 minute session seemed to come and go all too quick, my fiance and I met back up in the main lobby (her massage was in the same time slot) and proceeded to check out. There was a different receptionist at the desk now, and without our clarification, would've charged us for someone else's services! Once she found the correct print-outs we had to correct her yet AGAIN, because the $20 coupons never got applied to our services, and my fiance's credit card had already been charged the pre-discount amount! She then proceeded to try and tell us there were no coupons for our services, even though we saw the original receptionist write "$20 off" on each of our sheets and attach the coupons to them. Thankfully, they still honored the discounted price, but since the wrong amount was already charged, they had to issue a $40 refund which didn't get posted to the account for at least a few days, if not longer (like with most credit card refunds).My masseuse was probably right, telling me this would be the first of many massages, but unfortunately for her I don't think any of them will be here.
3	After all of the drinks and greasy food, I was still able to get my workouts in.  The place is laid out well but is rather small.  The equipment is dated and they force you to dispnse water from a plastic jug into plastic cups.  For $25 a day can't they throw in bottled water?  I did not do the massage thing, only the spa, showers and tub.  They had a single hot tub, small shower area and no toiletries.  Sparce but clean.
2	My spa day at Mandara was the ending of a Bachelorette Party weekend in Las Vegas. I was excited to relax and pamper myself after 2 long nights of dancing in high heels! Being that the price of my 80 minute deep tissue massage was $200 plus a 20% mandatory gratuity, I was expecting 5 star service and amenenties. I felt that my reception was a bit disorganized and unprofessional (front desk person yelling out for the attendant to come get me). When the attendant came to get me, she asked me how I pronounce my last name, after I told her, she never did refer to me by name. The rubber slippers they gave me, cut into the top of my feet w/ their jagged, sharp edge. The lounge chair cushions were faded and old looking (think grandmas house couch cushions)  The showers had gross blue mats in them and the shaving cream was over at the sinks, instead of in the showers. The massage itself was enjoyable, and my massage therapist was extremely professional and treated me w/ the 5 star service that I had expected. Included in the massage is your choice of aromatherapy oils, hot towels on your feet, and table warmer. I spent about 2.5 hours at the spa, between the hot tub, showers and the massage. When checking out they try to sell you products, which I declined. They do accept spa finder, which was nice because that is what I used! Like other yelpers have mentioned the spa itself was very dated, and still had the Aladdin motif. I had hoped that they would have renovated it when they changed to Planet Hollywood. I asked the staff if they were planning on updating things, and they said because they are independant from the hotel, that most likely will not happen. All in all, I will not return to this spa because for the amount of money that the massage cost, I would prefer to have better ameneties, ambiance, and service.
1	Brutal. 4 of us went together...2 of us had completely different things set up than we signed up for (even after we re-confirmed upon arrival, we still didn't get what we had asked for), the price was exhorbitant for service provided, and overall service and attitude was relatively mediocre. There has to be a better option for a massage in Vegas???
4	It's a spin on Turkish/Indian hammans, and spacious.Pros:Free access for Harrah's Diamond members.Sauna/Steam/Dry rooms for each gender.Very large jacuzzi.Thick towelsCons:Service was a little spotty - some were great, some not so much.More canisters for body lotion throughout dressing area
4	Wow, I feel a little silly rating this place so highly since everyone else apparently hated it. This review is detailed because I loved it, so for the short story: It was great, with only a few VERY minor setbacks. This was my goodbye party before I moved abroad for at least 5 years, so I was ready to party my ass off, and party I did. Naturally, a spa treatment to try to undo the damage I'd done to my body the night before (fingers crossed!) seemed like the way to go. So I booked a spa treatment for my second day in Vegas. I stayed at the Planet Hollywood for 3 nights, and I was pretty shocked that they didn't even offer a discount for spa services after I had just paid over $500 for a room. I mean, something would have been nice. But I really wanted it, so I booked a spa facial and headed over to Mandara. Firstly, the decor is beautiful. A very Indian/Balinese feel to it. Plants are everywhere. There's a long hallway leading up to the front desk, which made it look very classy. The ladies at the front desk were very nice, and extremely professional. The products are laid out in a large circle around the room, and there is NO high pressure salesmen here (I have a huge pet peeve with estheticians pushing products on a client after spa services). When my specialist was ready, she came out and retrieved me by calling my name and lead me down an intricate hallway to the locker room, where I was advised to store my things and slip into a robe. I don't personally have a problem with it, but others might be squeamish about the high school locker room matter of getting naked in front of others. So I slipped out of my clothes and put on the robe (nothing high quality - something I could have bought for $10 at Wal-Mart, which takes a few points off), and went into another waiting room. Softly lit, pretty music playing, assortment of fruits and water bottles and magazines to keep you entertained. I was called back into a VERY beautiful room, where I was invited to undress and lay down on the table, which was comfortable and warm. My esthetician came in and gave me the best facial of my life, good god. Another amazing thing, she didn't say a freaking word. I love it. I don't know about the rest of you, but I do NOT go to a spa to chat. I go to be pampered. The only thing she asked me was about my preferred scent for the oil. Amazing. After the facial, you pretty much do the process in reverse - go back and get dressed and mosey on out. My face felt like a baby's ass. While I was leaving, I noticed a sign that said if you get 3 treatments, the cheapest of them (surprise, surprise) is 50% off. Well, with a deal like that, how can you resist? I booked a full body massage and a spray tan for the next day.Hiccup #1 - my mom, who is a very sweet lady, decided that she would pay for my facial as a going away present. She and my sister conspired to surprise me, and my sister called my mom when I left the room. So the receptionists knew that I was coming about 10 minutes before I got there, and STILL managed to forget and let me pay for the entire facial. So when I got back to the room, and my sister told me what my mother had done, I was a little irritated. I called the receptionists back, who had no idea what I was talking about - mind you, they had already charged my mom's credit card, so for them to process a spa payment over the phone and then forget about it is a little interesting. Finally, after about 15 minutes, she started laughing and said, "Oh, yeah, it's right here! I totally forgot!" Hilarious, honey, just fucking hilarious. So since they had already charged both of us, what they did was just give me a gift card for the amount my mom had paid for me to use tomorrow. The next day, when I went back, I had partied even harder, so I was pretty dizzy and nauseated. I went through the same process again (minus the annoyance) and went on to receive the best freaking massage I have ever had. It cured every single symptom of hangover I had. Ahhhhmazing. After that, I went and swam around for a while in the pool-sized jacuzzi, which was heaven after all of the hell I'd put my body through. I've heard that massages release toxins that possibly give people headaches, but it cured my every ill. It was glorious. My spray tan was also awesome. It was an airbrush spray tan, and the girl who works there (I think her name is Jen?) does the airbrushing for the Miss America pageant, and let me tell you, she is worth every penny. My tan was amazing, and she gave me little tips on how to make it last longer. Plus, she was really, really sweet and funny and we laughed and chatted the whole time. Another plus - I didn't want my spray tan to rub off by getting dressed, so they let me take the robe back to my room - pretty sweet, if you ask me. Overall, this was a very pleasant experience. I think this covers everything and the kitchen sink :D
2	VERY disappointing.  To bad, because the facilities themselves are lovely and nice, if a bit small.  I got a deep tissue massage, but the pressure used was anything but.  I would have been really annoyed if I hadnt had a 20% off coupon.  When I complained, I got a half-assed apology and a "so-what" look from the front desk.The clientele was annoying.  I know the spa isnt responsible for who comes in, but the staff really should tells those idiots who are gabbing loudly on cell phones to shut-up.  And I guess this 3-some sitting in the hot tub didnt like it when I turned-on the jets (that's what a hot tub is for, bitches...), because they shot me dirty looks when I got in and then started talking loudly at one another, I guess in an attempt to annoy me.  When that didnt work, they got out.  In short, I wont be coming back.
4	Sure it needs updating and sometimes the staff can be crappy, but I will forgive all of that simply b/c the massage therapist I had there was AMAZING! And my husband and I both found bottled water in the waiting room area so I guess we were just lucky? I like how empty the locker room appears every time we go there, even though I see someone every once in awhile passing through. I'm assuming it's the time of day we book our appointments - whatever it is I will take it. I like my quiet time! =) Plus it's less time feeling awkward around strangers. I will be back in April and I hope my massage therapist is still there!
3	1 star = for the extremely cute decor2 stars = for the amenities which included sauna room, steam room, jacuzzi, showers, free access to their fairly large fitness center, fruit, juice, water, shavers, tampons, mouthwash, lotions samples, slippers, robes, safety box, combs, shower caps, deodorant, body lotion, hair dryers, hair spray, and even a men's separate area.3 stars = for the sweet lady who helps you to your locker and shows you the place inside.  She was super nice and very helpful.  I can't say the same for the receptionists in front though.4 stars = for the scented oilLacks the 5th star because my deep tissue massage was anything but.  I even asked for firmer pressure, but I still was not very satisfied.  I was able to go to the fitness center to blow off the steam and work out my back instead.
5	Pure heaven! I can't understand all the negative reviews. They were really busy but still customer service was good. The massage was other-worldly. I had had very little sleep and qutie a few drinks yet I walked out feeling like a champ. The dressing area/steam room/jacuzzi area is wonderful - I would have stayed there all day if my boyfriend wasn't waiting for me :)
2	2 stars only because I liked the therapist and the spa attendant was really nice. The actual spa had very little appeal. I'm used to going to Qua and Canyon Ranch- admittedly I'm a little spa spoiled- but for the same price Qua is a MUCH better experience. The spa was dated and dirty. The lockers were a little sticky (how scary is that?). There were 4 showers- 2 were out of order. They ran out of towels by the shower area. The door handle inside of the dry cedar sauna burnt my hand. The thing that made up my mind that I am never ever going back to this place again was that my service was $130. When I went to pay at the end, they said it was $156. I had to ask how much was the massage. Then they told me a 20% tip was included. I am a solid believer in tipping. After all, I've worked for tips most of my life. I never believe in adding gratuity as a requirement. The whole point of the tipping system is to tip depending on how the service was. Sometimes I tip a lot for great service and I tip normal for mediocre or poor service. I would like to have the option. Also irked at the fact that they didn't tell me until I asked. One more reason why I will not go back to this spa is because they tried to sell me their products. They weren't as pushy as the spa attendants on the cruise ships (same company), but I don't appreciate them pushing their products on to me. Perhaps if they just update their facilities, they will have enough business and not have to sell their lotions and vitamins to make money. On a bright note though, my massage therapist was really good. And she didn't talk to me in that don't-rile-up-the-mental patient tone. The spa attendant was also very nice- all 3 foot 7 of her. Overall, IMO, for the price you pay, it's just not worth it
3	My friend found a deal on Travel Zoo... you get a massage, body scrub, and scalp massage for $99. Can't beat that! We made our reservations for 10:30AM on a Saturday morning. Check in was easy. The girl at the front desk was a little... ditzy. She asked if I wanted the tip on a credit card or by cash and I said a credit card. She took my credit card and said she would charge it after the services were complete. Just so happens a manager was standing behind her and I heard her say "you just charged it" and so the manager said she would fix it. My friend and I got changed and waited for our services. The ambiance is... okay. I expected a LOT more since this is at a major hotel on the strip. It looked kinda dull and boring to me. No "WOW" factor. BTW we had full access to all the amenities for the entire day (jacuzzi, sauna, steam room, etc) but we never used it. The massage was okay... I don't like super hard massages but I thought she could've used a little more pressure (my fault for not saying anything) and the body scrub was... a scrub. LOL. The scalp massage was ok. I opted to NOT have the oils in my hair (I have VERY long hair and didn't wanna be stuck washing it 50 times to get it all out) so it was just okay. My massage therapist was really nice though but the experience was just okay. I can't image paying full price for that massage or being in that decor. I'm sure there are WAY nicer spas on the strip. The massage therapist stated they were going to renovate next year. WTH is up with me visiting all these outdated worn out places that are renovating next year?! LOL. Little variety of juices, water, and tea after you're done with your services, and a basket of fruit as well. "Female" items in the bathroom that you can take (pads, tampons, razors etc)... that was nice. Changed and my friend caught the tip for me... the manager was there so I asked her if the charge was reversed and she stated it never went through so I said okay...Came home to Hawaii and noticed on the credit card a tip was charged. I called back and good thing I recognized the managers voice and she remembered me and said it didn't go through. I explained it did because it was on my card so she said she'd research and call me back. She promptly called back and apologized and reversed the transaction. No biggie. A-OK... not super crappy, but nothing great.
2	A trip to Mandara Spa turned out to be in the cards for us while we were visiting Vegas.  First the positive, very relaxing atmosphere.  The lady who gave me my massage was very good.  I would give her 5 stars. Her pressure technique was perfect.  The pressure was right on that thin line between pleasure and pain!  My hair treatment did not leave my hair too oily and my body scrub was very refreshing.  The shower in the massage room was a steam shower it was most relaxing.  They had water and juice for me to enjoy in the steam shower.   Now, for the negative.  First of all we need more towels people.  Gotta to have more towels.  Second, they need more people working.  I asked for some body lotion that never appeared.  After my relaxing day I wanted to do my makeup and dry my hair.  I might as well been putting my make up on in a cave.  The lighting in the vanity area is dim.  They only had one hair dyer   for me to dry my hair with. There was a line to use the hair dry.  We are ladies hello, we all have hair.  When we asked about getting another hair dryer were just given the run around.  Basically, we were told you'll just have to wait on the ONE dryer we have.  They need to have some water in more areas.  Mandara Spa needs to work on its customer service.
3	Came here with my partner and my friend in December, and we all had Travel Zoo deals for $139 which includes massage, body scrub, scalp treatment, and an added facial.We booked our reservations a couple of months ahead of time and we specifically requested the same time, and to have male massage therapists (it's not a sex thing, our experience is male therapists tend to be stronger and talk less during the massage... I'm there to relax and enjoy a massage, not to have a conversation).We arrived at the spa at our check-in time, and the whole check-in process was easy.  Staff was friendly, and they charged an automatic tip (I believe it was somewhere around $20).  We're used to things like Groupon and other deals having mandatory tips, so that's fine by us.  Frankly, I think they're shortchanging themselves because our group all agreed we would've tipped more.When we got into the actual spa, we were greeted by an attendant that was pretty indifferent.  He was bored, unmotivated, half asleep, whatever.  It felt like we were bothering him when we asked him for our slippers and to show us where the lockers were.The facility is small and basic.  There's one small jacuzzi that can fit 6 people at most.  There's a sauna room and a steam room also.  Nothing special.For the prices they normally charge, this place will never earn anything more than a 4-star rating from me.  For the normal prices, we can go to much better spas at other hotels in Vegas.  So why is this place getting 3 stars from me?  Actually I would've given it 2 stars if it weren't for the fact we got a very good deal from Travel Zoo.The facility's maintenance is lacking a bit.  Broken tiles, mildew in the showers, rusty fixtures.  These are little things that contribute to the whole spa experience, and when the facility's not maintained properly, it really shows.  These are simple and inexpensive fixes that can dramatically improve the place.  This is Vegas, people.  Everything needs to be perfect.The other issue is the massage therapists.  Two of us ended with female therapists even though we specifically asked for men at the time of the booking and that was confirmed.  That's fine, we didn't say anything and just rolled with it.My therapist, despite asking for firmer pressure, was still nowhere near as firm as I like my massages, and I can hear her struggling.  That was disappointing.  Also disappointing was during the scalp treatment, there's a waiting period (presumably waiting for the oils to soak into the scalp).  During this time, my therapist started to wash bowls and stuff in the sink in the room.  I really don't need to hear someone doing dishes during relaxation time.Likewise, when it was time to shower off in the in-room shower (very nice convenience), the therapist came back in to continue cleaning up.  She did say when I shut the water off in the shower, she will leave immediately to give me privacy.  But why does the cleaning need to happen when the customer is still there???My partner also had a female therapist, and his massage went well, but he did say his therapist did talk for about 15 minutes during the massage as much as he wanted her to be quiet.  He didn't know how to communicate that with her without being rude.My friend had a male therapist, and he enjoyed his massage.  He said he was given a selection of different body scrubs to choose from, which neither my partner nor I had.  They also said their therapists didn't clean the utensils and the room during the treatment.So there are definitely inconsistencies in the procedures..After the massage we waited for our facial treatments.  My friend and I got called away for it, and we had fantastic facials.  My face felt fantastic afterwards.  When we returned to the waiting room, we found my partner was still waiting.  Apparently, they only have two aestheticians, and so my partner had to wait for us to be done before he can have his treatment.  This was not communicated to us during the time of booking or even during check-in.  Very disappointing that he had to wait for us, and we had to wait for him.Overall, the experience was average.  I really wish it was better because I love Planet Hollywood and stay there often when we're in Vegas!
1	Please do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. I am being serious. This place is a damp. I will not return even if they pay me that's how disgusting it is. After being excited to go there with my sister, we made an appointment almost two weeks in advance, when we got there they only had my name and wanted us to come back the next day. We explained that that would not be possible. Our appointment was scheduled two hours after the original time, but we had to listen to the receptionist bragging about the staff having to change their lunch break to accommodate us. We work every day and go there to relax not to hear employees schedules and complaints! Receptionist was plain  unprofessional. Sorry to mention that but the other front desk girl had black long hair on her arms, that's not bad if you don't work at a spa.We were let in by the only spa attendant. If you were thinking to go there to relax and enjoy-wrong place. This place is a wreck. Very outdated and beaten up. That's not so bad after we saw how dirty it was. I can honesty say I was afraid to seat down. Gross. Showers full of hair, soap scum and calcium built up. Shaving razors left from who knows when in the shower cabins. Combs that never get washed. Sauna was even dirty and moldy(the wet one). The do called relaxation lounge is small with couches that need new upholstery so bad. Carpet was black at places. Gross. I am not exaggerating.I don't even want to talk about prices because I was ready to pay just not for this crap. Customer service was bad but I didn't even bother to think about it. I just wanted to leave. What a waste!
1	The spa is pretty run down and my first robe was visibly dirty.  My package included a 50 minute massage which was not horrible but definitely was not good.  It was to include a 25 min body polish and a frangipani hair treatment.  The frangipani hair treatment was nothing like the description in their spa menu;  I am pretty sure she did not put anything in my hair when she rubbed my scalp, and in fact when she asked me if I was going to wash my hair after wards I asked her if there was anything and she said "a little bit of oil from the massage"  I have had MANY spa treatments and every single body polish/scrub I have had starts with wet skin, not dry.  This lady smeared a sticky slightly gritty material over my dry skin which took her all of 5 min.  then told me to shower and she would meet me outside the room.   The description states that the polish is finished off with a body butter...apparently to be self applied which I find to be unacceptable for a spa treatment.  According the the "manager" when I complained she said that the body butter was in the shower and offered to get me some.  First of all, I have never heard of this nonsense and there was not any body butter in the shower...there was body wash, shampoo and conditioner.   The total time I was in the room for a 50 min massage, hair treatment, and 25 min body polish, shower, shampoo/conditioner, dry self off and put robe on was 59 min.  I was so angry and disappointed after this experience that I almost left without getting my facial.  The facial was very good, and the products smelled amazing.  The esthetician was very professional and nice, it was almost unbelievable after the first part was so bad.After the facial I got dressed and left without stopping at the front desk.  They took it upon themselves to charge a gratuity to my credit card which I will be disputing.
2	2 stars only because the staff was really sweet.  Hands down the worst manicure/pedicure I have probably ever had, while at the same time by far the most expensive.  Turns out my travel mates had already figured this out last year, too bad I had time to kill before their planes landed and wasn't forewarned.  I would absolutely not go back.
1	I wasn't too happy.  I enjoy Las Vegas in many ways, but I definitely love getting the spa experience.  I don't know if I got spoiled with the other amazing facilities, but to walk in and see one hot tub and one steam room and one sauna was disappointing.  The towels were not stocked and the men's room attendant was not super great.....a little cold....just like the facility.
3	The spa was running a deal $99 plus 20% gratuity.  My girlfriend and I went to the gym ($25 a day) the night before and checked with the spa to find out their schedule for the next day.  I called down the next morning and she booked an 80 minute Swedish massage ($200 value) and I booked a 50 minute Visibly Brillance facial ($190 value).  The person on the phone asked me to bring the coupon from the room. We arrived 15 early to check in and get our locker.  As we are checking in the front desk employee told us that each coupon is only good for one person and we needed another one for both of us to get the discount. There are four people in a room so if that's the case they should put 4 coupons in the room. Luckily my girlfriends brother had a room too and brought his coupon right down to us.  Once we checked in we both went to change into our robes. As soon as I changed I was summoned back to the front desk. I was told that I had to choose at least $200 of service to get the deal or would be charged the full amount for services.  Annoyed, I quickly chose the French polish add on ($10 value) but told them I wasn't interested in actually getting it done.  I am not sure why when I booked the appointment or checked in no one mentioned the requirement to have at least $200 of services  While sitting in the relaxation room a different front desk employee told me she consulted with the aestheticism and wanted to change my facial to the 50 minute therapy facial ($235 value).  I agreed to that. The idea of a spa day is to relax and so far it was not happening.  I did appreciate her sense of responsibility to make things better. The best part was the facial.  Lauren was amazing.  She asked questions about my skin, issues I have with it and what I currently use.  She examined my face with a light and the explained her recommendations for the facial. During the facial she did not talk, except asking if I was doing ok during the microdermabrasion. She took her time and ended with a recommendation sheet (spa requirement I think). She was great.
1	avoid at all costs this place is a ripoff total scam bait and switch
1	The spa needs a serious upgrade.  It was not very relaxing with brighter lighting than I'm used to for a spa environment.  My massage was not at all what I expected.  I got the hot stone massage and I've had it many times before at other spas but this one was just not up to par.  It didn't even match the description in all of their brochures.  My masseuse made a ton of noise, too which made it really difficult to relax.  My friend also got a massage and said she was offered the choice of four different oil scents.  I was never asked anything about oils. My manicurist actually did a pretty good job on my nails so that was nice...not nice enough to ever return or recommend this spa to anyone.
1	If I could give it 0 stars I would. Went for hair color. Stylist did not listen to what I wanted, and I ended up with a color waaaaay darker than we had discussed. While she was applying the color, she complained about her job/being too old to change professions. While she was rinsing the color, she mentioned that it is their policy that it is an extra $70 for her to try my hair. So I got to walk back to my hotel room with wet hair, dried it myself. I can't imagine that it is the spa's policy to let customers walk out with their hair looking even worse than it did when I walked in. I decided to back to the spa to let them know that I wasn't happy with the service/color. Both receptionists were on the phone, and were, at the same time, trying to talk to both myself and whoever was on the other line. Very rude, couldn't care less that I was not happy with the service. Will never go back.
5	When me and my friend decided to stay at Planet Hollywood just for a get away from work and school. We decided to watch a few shows and then decided to spoil ourselves and get a massage at the Mandara Spa @ Planet Hollywood. We then decided not to go to the spa just to save some money and I didn't bother to call and cancel and assume that if we didn't show up, our appointment would be cancelled. LOL. So they next day when it was time to go to our spa appointment, received a call in our hotel room that we received a call from the spa asking if we are on our still coming for our appointment and if we didn't show my credit card would still be charged. So we got up and rushed to get ready without taking a shower and just put some clothes and went down right away because I didn't want to get charged for a no show massage.Arrived on time to the Mandara Spa and the staff was very friendly and accomadated us right away. The spa was very clean and the well separated between male and female and it still had the middle eastern Aladdin theme to it. Provided for spa guests are; jacuzzis, lockerrooms, steam room, sauna and toiletries where the sinks are. My massage was a 90 minute deep tissue massage and the massage therapist was very friendly and outgoing and made me feel relaxed throughout my massage. Just for buying a service, I'm able to use the spa all day in and out for 24 hours. I do believe I got my moneys worth in this spa from the service, treatment received and the cleanliness of the spa facilities is 5 stars for me. =)
1	I would give no stars if I could, my boyfriend and I both got services totaling 440.00 which includes their mandatory 20% tip. Okay so we decide to get spa treatments, they fit us in so far so good, the treatments themselves were okay, my massage was great the body scrub and wrap were subpar but here is where it goes off the rail.I ask the front desk when I'm leaving if my boyfriend is still there, they tell me no he left awhile a go- so about 30 min he actually leaves the spa and the guy at the desk gives him a bag of products and says " your wife wanted you to have these". So he comes up to the room and asks me, which of course I have no idea about, I never even mentioned to my girl that my boyfriend was at the salon much less wanted to buy a bunch of facial products, but we figured hey he gave it to the wrong person-so he takes it back and is informed "oh no we billed your card, and there is no manager so we can't refunded it till tomorrow". So he leaves the items with a promise it will be taken care of in the morning.Morning comes, the guy we had been dealing with isn't working has left no information and no one know what we are taking about- but my room charge has 177.76 from the spa for products that I don't have  and have not signed for. Talk about a scam. It took a great deal of time for the manager to finally (after going thru all the receipts for the day) to reverse the charge and explain it was meant to go to someone else's room and all a mistake-which is all well and good, except the follow up statement " they came in way after you"....well then how did we get their products???I'm sure it's possible it was a accident, but it reeks of a scam-they are banking on people thinking they are getting something free, by assuming they got someone else s stuff, or people not really looking at their bills when they check out.I love Planet Hollywood, but I will think twice about staying there again just because of this.
1	This place is DATED.  I had been to the same spa many years ago when Planet Hollywood was the Aladin and it was nice.  I don't think they have ever done anything with the spa in 10 years.The maintenance on the spa is terrible.  I checked my belongings into a lock box and they gave me a key on a thin rubber band (classy).  I was in the waiting room was uninviting, with a small tv and the most uncomfortable hard wooden chairs.  It was like sitting in a church pew.  The chairs were from the Aladin and you needed a massage after sitting in them for 5 minutes.The massage was fine but nothing special, in fact she forgot to do one of my arms but I didn't say anything.There were a whole 3 towels avaialbe to use for the shower.  With the look and feel of the place, I wouldn't even think to use the jacuzzi.  In the shower, it felt dirty and there were tiles missing in the showers (cheap dirty feeling).  Again, no maintenance.  The ammenities were poor and I couldn't wait to get out of there and back to my room where I could relax.I told the manager at the front desk and she offered me free passes to the one they operate in the Paris.  Not good enough, besides, I would rather have my money back or discounted.  I can't believe they make you do a 20% tip.Just thinking about this makes me want to take another shower to feel clean.  Go elsewhere, they don't care about their spa and it is a shame that the hotel allows it to operate.
5	I only booked a manicure here (btw if you are only doing a mani, the only one available is the $40) so I came in and was booked in by very friendly staff. I was then taken back to the waiting/lounge area and offered water or tea. The lady then took me back up front to get a pass for the use of the spa (jacuzzi, steam room) for 24 hours. If you book any service, you will get a pass. Anyway, Marisol did my manicure and I have to tell you, she is hands down the best manicurist I HAVE EVER HAD. I had it done a week ago, and I don't even have one chip and you can barely tell its growing out. Its almost like a gel mani. She is amazing and super fast. I hate when all I want to is to get my nails done and move on with my life and Im stuck in a salon for an hour or more. She also uses this spray that dries them super fast and IT ACTUALLY WORKS. Highly recommend her and the spa! I will be going back next time Im in town!
1	Not. Very good place to be at management sucks
1	Went in for a men's haircut. $50.00 + mandatory $10.00 tip. I expected, at least, a high end  top notch haircut.....instead it looked like Edward Scissor Hands cut it. One side was cut at least an inch above the ear and the other side actually went over the ear. Horrible job. I asked for another stylist but guess what....the one that hacked it is the only one there for the next two days. So yes, I get to spend my time in Vegas with a complete disaster of a haircut. I am giving this a "one star" because the staff was nice and respectful to my complaints and they did reimburse me.
4	Compared with the spa at Wynn, which we found excellent but too pricey ($600+tip for a married couples' massage and use of the spa), this place was very good. Great massages by Inetta and Jiselle, which left us very rejuvenated. The cost was $100 less, still a very tall $415+mandatory 20% tip for a total of $493 or so, but overall we were happy.I will say that the spa itself was good but not great. Good dry and steam saunas, a too-hot jacuzzi, and then no cold bath or other way to cool down, which is standard in Japan at these places. So I'd like to recommend that the company consider adding a cool bath (20 degrees centigrade or a little warmer) for guests to cool down with. Also, the relaxation room here was far less than the awesome "man-cave" at the Wynn, which I could have spent hour in. Though the price is $100 less overall so I can't ask for everything.
1	Review for the gym:I don't understand the point of planet Hollywood charging you resort fees when you book your room & you still get charged for only using the gym. For the free weights, cardio equipment, & weight machines the gym is decent but being ripped off for 25 bucks when every other hotel doesn't charge to use the gym since its included in the resort fee is BS.
3	Compared to other spas that I have been to this one rated just ok. Initially the receptionist didn't understand how the phone worked because she hung up on me three times by putting me on hold to book my appointment. The facility was overall clean and smelled nice. After booking any appt. you have access for the day to their showers, sauna, jacuzzi, and gym. The spa attendant was very nice. The masseuse wasn't overly friendly and wanted to sell all the products they were using, right down to the lotions and oils. The "product pushing" is what ruined the experience. No I don't want your loofa brush for 45 dollars. Don't be lured in to the Balinese massage either, the description is deceiving. When they say light touch they mean it, not worth it in my opinion.
1	Overpriced and run down. Personnel were not fun or engaging. Very disappointed.They also add a 20% "service fee", which explains their attitude. They get the tip no matter what...I would strongly recommend going elsewhere.
1	Skip the spa here and go to a real spa. Aria, Qua (at Caesars), Sahra (Cosmo), really any other spa on strip.I had a $99 groupon for an 80 min massage (automatic 20% gratuity on reg. price of $200, which added $40), and still feel like I got ripped off and the time spent was a waste. So anyone thinking about paying full price please take that into consideration.My therapist was a guy and he LOVED using oil. I felt like a luke warm piece of fried chicken during and a cold piece after the treatment. I'm not kidding. While dressing back into my robe, I looked at the sheets and saw huge oil spots. I think massage oil can be a crutch for an unskilled therapist.The amenities are OLD, no other way to describe. Carpet in women's spa was frayed a bit and dirty/old looking. Even the toilet and sink area looked really dated. I mentioned the women's area to reception and they said its original to the Aladdin Hotel. I said believe me I can tell, I had been here a couple times back then (~10 years ago). Scary that nothing has changed. She didn't say anything. I mean what can you say?I do not consider myself high maintenance. I feel like anyone who seeks out a spa wants to pampered in a nice environment. This is not that place.
2	I have to say for a Las Vegas Resort spa this spa did not meet my expectations! I booked a 1hr facial and 1hr massage package for a Friday evening at 5pm. The spa closed at 7pm, which is when my last service would have ended. The massage was just okay, but the facial was horrible. She basically left a mask on my face for 25 minutes, with no facial massage, after she took the mask off she rubbed some cream on my face and left the room. That was it, the service was over. I look up to see what time it was and it was only 6:45pm. She finished up 15 minutes early. I guess she really wanted to get out of there. The worst part about the whole experience is they had an automatic gratuity of 20%. If it was up to me I would not have tipped 20% on the facial. Will not be back to this spa ever again!
1	My wallet was stolen from my locker at this spa, turning an otherwise below average experience into a terrible one.  They have lockers with a code that you set yourself.  Twice my code did not work when trying to open my locker.  Both times the attendant had to open it with the "master" code.  When I dressed following my massage I discovered that my wallet was missing along with all credit cards and $500 cash.  Planet Hollywood security was called but informed me that nothing would come of reporting this theft since there were no cameras or witnesses in the locker room due to privacy issues.  While I suspect an inside job, there is nothing I could do to prove it.  I have read 2 other reviews on other sites reporting the same crime in the past.  On a positive note, the manager Samantha handled the situation with professionalism and class.  However, she promised I would receive a phone call the following week and I have yet to hear from the management.  The spa facilities are below average at best with few places to recline and with bland decor.  My massage was not exceptional but was relaxing.  Despite this, they charge the same as other spas on the strip ($160 for one hour).  I've been to several other spas on the strip and would suggest Mandalay or Caesars.
1	Horrible......bought some type of a groupon. Beware!!  They need groupon or LivingSocial to bring people in. Furniture is out dated and crittity.  I'm 140 lbs and I thought the furniture would give way.  Wanted a towel, no towels anywhere, asked and no one restocked!  Not even next to the showers!  Booked a massage and facial....massage was sub standard ( had better at massage envy!! ). The facial is what spurred me to write this review. Before I got on the table for the facial, I requested that the aesthetician needed to avoid my just placed fake eyelashes. Certain facial products melt the glue. Had to ask twice to cover my eyes with pads but she didn't. Kept saying " after this next step". I also added a collagen mask to my treatment. I've had the mask before knowing I had to wait 10 minutes for it to work. She applied the mask and the left the room. No massaging my shoulders or hands and arms. She left for approximately 20 minutes. She removed the mask and the slopped on the finishing products as fast as she could. Needless to say after the appointment was done, I had a ton of product on my fake eyelashes. (Those of you who don't know, it takes about 1 1/2 hours to glue individual lashes to each of my lashes. )  It looked like I had the worst mascara brush and my lashes were all clumped together. I paid for facial products that now I had to wash OFF!!  Which I did wash off hoping my lashes would NOT fall off!  I complained about my service but all they wanted was the money.  Three days later 90% of my lashes were gone.  It would have been less expensive to pay regular price at the Four Seasons Spa then to go to this horrible place.  BEWARE!!  There are much better spas elsewhere!
3	Been here twice, it's a decent spa for a hotel on the strip. Not the best but the price is affordable compared to the cosmo, aria, cesears and Wynn. They have great customer service though. Everyone was very helpful. The decor and the spa lounge was just not impressive. They need to do some remodeling. They are the same spa as the one in Paris and tropicana. Everything was average. I would come back if there was a good deal.
5	The spa is beautiful, serene and beautifully run.  I called and got an appointment right sway.  I got a quick wash and blow out by Cindy, who was wonderful. We connected right away and spent the time easily chatting away. By the time I realized it, my hair which was in terrible condition from all the chlorine from swimming, was shiny,  manageable and flowing.  Awesome, I was then wished away by an eyebrow technician who took me to this lovely quite room which smelled amazing. After a quick consultation,  she gave me the most amazing eyebrow waxing I've had in a long time.... The hair was 49.00 and with the eyebrows and a twenty percent tip for both Cindy and the eyebrow technician my total was 101.00. Terrific.  Will definitely be doing it again.  I got a massage yesterday which was spectacular, heck I even fell asleep,  that's how good it was.
1	Poor customer service at front desk. Demanded tip up front prior to service, would not provide service without groupon printed out, although voucher on phone.  Was forced to wander around Paris shops to business office to print voucher as spa refused to print there. I was also forced to prepay my tip. Brittany up front kept saying 'you should have read your groupon' about the 20% tip, not realizing that some people prefer to tip after depending on customer service.  (When I did read the fine print, tip is added at check out, not forced on check in.)  I guess Brittany didn't read the groupon herself. Once in the service was great. Too bad the front desk ruined the whole thing.  Oh. And I left an extra tip (another $40) for the masseuse and esthetician Laurie because they were super professional and funny.  I would go back and pay full price if I didn't have to deal with the chumps up front.
1	Spa is old and run down, but still as expensive as the nicer ones. Front desk is not helpful. Amenities are old and look like an old gym locker room. Do not waste your time!
1	I just walked out of here $550 dollars poorer for a subpar massage and the worst facial to date.  Granted, I don't particularly care for facials.  I don't see the point in paying someone to repeatedly wipe on and wipe off various creams from your face.  But after an hour of that, my face should be smooth, however fleeting the sensation.  It wasn't.  I paid extra for "add-ons" to the massage: an oil scalp treatment and a conditioning foot treatment.  I made a point of asking the person at the front desk if these treatments added to the time of the appointment or merely took away from the massage.  He had a really roundabout way of answering what I now know: that I paid extra for less massage.  My feet are not particularly conditioned and I really could have done without the scalp nonsense.  Oh, and the gratuity was mandatory.  I certainly would not have given 20% for this.  What a joke.
