3	Solid steakhouse.  Pretty conventional steakhouse fare - steaks, potatoes, broccoli, you get the idea...Great service.
5	Just about as good as a steak house can get, this place would be right at home in NY, Chicago or even DC.  First and foremost, excellent meat.  All the other goodies that go into making a good steak into a great steak house experience were there too.  Nice decor, open an dinviting.  Great service.  Huge wine list with options from budget to Bill Gates.  Creamed spinach and chocolate lava cake.  All good things.  Suprisingly, its a chain.  There is another in Tucson that is just as good.
4	I almost never eat steak.  When the mood strikes, this is where I usually come.  I like the atmosphere, the prices are fair, and the food and service are great.
5	Thank the lord there is a Fleming's in Scottsdale! I am here for school for the week and am so happy there are great restaurants in this nice town. Lucky me, my bf is in town for work so I can FINALLY take him to this place that I have been raving out (see Nashville review for more details on the menu).They give you two cheese dips here with sliced cracker/bread and celery sticks. One of them being a gorgonzola cranberry spread. DELICIOUS.We ordered:TENDERLOIN CARPACCIO - Although I remember it being tastier in the Nashville chain, this is still very good and better than any I have had in California thus far.SEARED AHI TUNA - love it! This restaurant (not Japanese sushi joints) is why I am so hooked on tuna. Ironic isn't it? My bf loves this too.BEEF FLEMINGTON filet wrapped in puff pastry with a mushroom duxelle, madeira sauce - This is by far my FAVORITE MEAT dish EVER! They cook it to perfection (remember I am a medium-rare girl), and it simply MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH. The combination of the tender filet and the buttery pastry is HEAVEN in your mouth. My bf LOVED this too and felt it was an exceptional dish. Ratings for this are up there with Nobu. SEARED SCALLOPS lobster cream sauce with a puff pastry of sauted fresh vegetables - My bf thought this was very good but not as good as the Beef Flemington. We had the ultimate BEST SEARED SCALLOPS in Paris (at an average restaurant too), so it would be hard to have something that is up to par with that. Still a nice tasty dish. I love those puff pastries.CHOCOLATE LAVA CAKE - This is the second best lava cake next to the Culinary Institute of America in Napa. HEAVENLY, FRESH, RIGHT OUT OF THE OVEN. Delicious! And they don't cheat at this one. No hole on the bottom of the cake to put the filling in! I love bittersweet chocolate. Ummmm.The wine selection is great. They recommended a smooth Italian red wine for us (I think it was a sirah). The service is great. Despite how large the restaurant is, the high quality of their dishes remain the same. After eating here, then eating at Alexander's (Cupertino, CA -- see my review =D) back home makes any other steakhouse taste mediocre.
5	I've only had the good fortune to dine here once with a friend, and I can't say much about it other than it was glorious. It is everything you'd expect from a premier steakhouse: excellent high caliber beef, amazing service, great drinks, tasty desserts. It isn't cheap but neither is the food they serve. In many respects, I prefer it to Houston's because it feels like less of a scene to me and much more about eating a drinking really high quality things. Paul Fleming (of PF Chang's fame) does steakhouses even better than he does panasian, in my estimation, and the next big payday or birthday (hint, hint) I may opt to celebrate here.
4	I love dinners with the clients.  There are always at least 3 courses, several bottles of wine and no expenses are spared.  We all agreed the steaks were like "budda" the were so melt in your mouth.  They had some wonderful wine suggestions for with the meal.  But what I remember most was the tuna appetizer.  For some reason it just really stuck with me.  The setting is beautiful and while it was more loud than I anticipated, we could still fairly easily all 6 members of our party.  it's a bit of a drive and not exactly for the cost conscious.  So I doubt I'll be going there any time too soon on my own.  But I anxiously look forward to the return of those clients so I can enjoy all Fleming's has to offer for free.
5	Great place for a romantic dinner.....  I would definitely cross state lines again just to dine at Fleming's!!!!The service was remarkable, the steak was incredible, and the molten chocolate cake was heavenly!!!!!
4	this was my second experince at a Flemings and i am not gonna lie... i was not really lookign forward to it... but suprisingly it was GREAT... they have a great wedge and the prime rib i had was well cooked... my only cualm with it was that our server drove me nuts... i was there with a good family friend and i felt that every 5 minutes he was asking a question not to metion he messed up the order... but whatever... i will go back for the food... eventhough it is a chain steakhouse...
5	I've dined here several times and each time have left satisfied and impressed. It's what you would expect from an upscale steakhouse, with a more "modern" decor and ambiance. What you can expect is excellently prepared traditional fare of a la carte items such as aged cuts, wedge salad, lobster bisque, blue cheese mashed potatoes, steamed asparagus, and creamed spinach.  Compared with Mortons and Ruth's Chris, I would pick Flemings. The service is always top notch without a bit of snootiness.  This is the only place I have been offered a BLACK cloth napkin as to not impart white fuzz onto my black skirt . I think Flemings has got their act together. I will be going to Capital Grille later this month on a business meeting so I will see if they  can top Flemings - I think they've got a good running, judging from the menu I've seen. I'll report back!
4	Might even be five stars, but it will have to wait until second visit.I'm not usually big on steak houses.  I like to grill, and like my own preparation is better, and it's really not that hard.  I usually can't see spending a lot of cash on something I like better cooking myself.Flemings is very good.  The filet mignon was perfectly seasoned and done medium rare.  Many steak places I have tried usually under season their meats, which leaves them bland.   They also try to cook them too quickly.   The reasons for this are really customer service; don't shock the customer, and get them their dinner quickly.    Beef should have a fair amount of time on salt to bring out flavor, and slower cooking to keep the meat tender, juicy and flavorful.The appsy were great.  Salad, Onion soup, and mashed potatoes.  They have some great wine, although I felt they were trying to be a bit manipulative.   The wine list was ranked  gold, silver, bronze, but it was purely on price, not relative to how good they really were.   I had a better cheaper wine, than more expensive.  This is a place where I would bring my own wine, and pay corkage.
5	I am seriously craving those little toasts with the two kinds of spreadable cheese they bring you before your meal at Flemmings right now.  DEAR GOD do you think you can get that to go?I have had a fantastic experience every time I've been to Flemmings.  Great, sophisticated atmosphere with waiters who know their food and their wine.  Great wine selection, btw.  I always have the filet there and its always cooked to perfection, along with the asparagus and blue cheese mashed potatos...holy crap--DELISH.  Great upscale date place...I've also seen groups handled well here too.
4	Good steakhouse.  I've been here about half a dozen times.  I've never had a bad experience with the food here, or the service.  I prefer this over Morton's and Ruth's Cris, but not over City Hall or Mastro's other steakhouse up in North Scottsdale. Standard menu.  Everything is a la carte, like other fine steak houses.  If you go here, you will not be disappointed...but be sure to make reservations.
4	Excellent steakhouse overall.Tip for those not familiar with Scottsdale - this Flemings is located in the Hilton hotel on Scottsdale Ave.  The address isn't really on the building, so it may not be super easy to find if you're just looking for the address.I had the boneless rib eye.   I ordered it medium rare, but it was probably closer to medium, but still very flavorful, tender, and juicy.  They season only with salt and pepper to really let the true beef flavor come through.  This reminded me of the rib eye at Delmonico's (Emeril Lagasse's restaurant) inside Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas, which is also an excellent steak house.My girlfriend got the fillet mignon (medium plus) with stuffed flounder.  Maybe because the fillet was medium plus, I really couldn't appreciate it as much.  The flounder was excellent.Everything is a la carte, so it can get kind of pricey.  We got the lobster chowder (one of the best I've had), creamed corn (very good), sauteed spinach (excellent alternative to creamed spinach, surprisingly very good), and chocolate lava souffle for dessert (which is a must).The bread is also really good.  I know you don't go to a steakhouse for the bread, but I can appreciate good, fresh bread with good butter.For the 2 of us, it was $160 including the tip (and no alcohol).Overall, a great dining experience with excellent steaks.
5	I think Fleming's is the cat's meow! Great service!  Fantastic food! Interesting wine choices! I love that they offer wine flights. I don't know of any other steak houses in town do that (if anyone else does, please email me). Shhhh....don't tell, but Flemning's is my 2nd fave after Mastro's!!Bon Appetite!
5	WOW!  Fleming's delivered in spades!This is my favorite place to eat in Phoenix.  The food is exceptional, the wine list is out of this world, and the dress is casual!  It is a bit pricey for me, but man is it worth it.  I have never had a better Fillet and all of their wines are very well picked and represent a wide range of pricing and styles.I can't go there often, but man am I happy when I do!
2	A fairly well realized monument to unabashed corporate card excess, Fleming's dutifully enables the expense account crowd.       Food and service are sporadic and a poor value for anyone silly enough to be spending their own money here. My wife's tuna steak looked pretty, but was tough and fibrous. Salmon was satisfactory, but I can make better at home.   Underlings fully invested in steak grunted unanimous satisfaction at the appropriate times. A hostess and bartender were both pleasant, charming even, however table service can be embarrassingly gushy (another reviewer mentioned ass-kissing).  This is the kind of place where bringing a pile of onion rings or a lettuce wedge to the table takes three chattering sycophants. We endured a flowery speech and unsolicited updates on lava cake, until it finally arrived half an hour after entrees were cleared. Hardly worth a wait. The whole meal took forever, which in an attractive, upscale room is often confused with fine dining. Paul Fleming is a respected restauranteur, and rightly so based on my visits to his other kitchens. But I am not that confused.
5	Flemings just gets better and better!  I dined at Flemings this week with my family and some good friends from Germany.  We were thrilled with the meal, the service and quite frankly the class shown by Flemings at every turn.We all had steak but I can only tell you about mine because I was in heaven.  I had a filet that was bacon wrapped and was just so delicious I do not think I will be able to top it anywhere.  The sides were all delicous and the Flemings potatoes were decadent and tasty.  Everything was served hot and service really truly was impeccable.  The wine we enjoyed with our steak was a nice red from Napa called Argus.  It was really really tasty.  The manager, Scott, came and checked up on our table and exudes all that is good about Flemings.  He acutally cared about our dining experience, made eye contact, and was clearly interested in our happiness with Flemings.  Flemings, learn from Scott!  He is a talent that should be valued.  Our deserts were also impressive all the way around.  One of our guests was celebrating a birthday and got a packaged gift of chocolate covered strawberrys from Flemings.  It is a small touch that just speaks volumes about their customer service.After this visit to Flemings, I am convinced that they have surpassed Ruth's Chris, and Mortons in my book.  These guys get it, and you get a damn good steak!
5	Rarely do I give a 5 star review so please know that when I do, it's means something to me. Flemings has come a really long way for me. It used to be just another trendy Scottsdale who's who of snob fests but either I'm lightening up with age or Flemings has grown from being just another Scottsdale steak place to being THE Scottsdale restaurant for steak and wine. We went to Flemings this week to celebrate a birthday. The reservation process was easy because I could do it right online. I received a call the day before to confirm by a very nice young lady named Perla. She gave very good phone meaning she was polite, not overly chatty, and sounded enthusiastic about our visit. Upon arrival, our party of 6 was greeted warmly by the hostesses and seated promptly. Our server and his assistant were attentive and friendly without being casual. Even my 8 year old was called "sir", which he totally loved. And while the rest of us were having a very nice Napa Valley red wine, our server was thoughtful enough to get my son a Shirley Temple so he could feel part of the big kids crowd. I know that traditionally Flemings is really meant for grown-ups but my kid has good taste and he behaves in a restaurant so he's golden. :) Scott Yanni is the managing partner for Flemings and he made his way to our table to greet us and ensure our satisfaction for the evening. Scott treated us so kindly and was very gracious. Not often do you get to meet the managing partner of a restaurant, much less meet one who treats you like an old friend. Now, the real reason you come to Flemings is for the steak. I ordered from the Winter Prix Fix menu which is a specialty menu being offered now. I had clam chowder for my starter. The chowder was so velvety and smooth with just the right amount of clam and potatoes. The nicest part about it is that it didn't smell fishy like some clam chowders do when the clams come from a can. Not so at Flemings. And of course, my pet peeve is the temperature of the soup. This soup came out piping hot and ready to roll. Love that! My next course was a petite filet which came out among the row of plates my table had on the arm of our very skilled server. He had 6 dinner plates lined up his arm and never even came close to dropping them. It was a show in and of itself. Now back to that steak......it was like buttah as they say in the old country. It wasn't overly seasoned which was nice because some places try to mask the flavor of the meat with too much seasoning. This steak was a perfect medium rare and not a shade over or under. The side dishes were wonderful as well. We had mashed potatoes which were creamy and seasoned just right as well as the Flemings' potatoes, asparagus, and sauteed mushrooms. The Flemings' potatoes are definitely one of my favorites and were heavenly. We rounded out the evening with desserts that were out of this world. We had a chocolate lava cake that was so rich and moist that it melted in our mouths. We also enjoyed sorbet with chantilly cream as well and it was the perfect ending to a great meal. Never once were we made to feel rushed or an inconvenience. Our servers were at our beck and call. Our water glasses were never empty and our food was served at just the perfect temperature. This visit was in a word.....Perfect. Thank you Scott and the staff at Flemings for a memorable and wonderful evening!
4	As like the one in Chandler, it is more on the casual side then what we are used to in L.A.  We decided to go for our Vday dinner since they offered both set and regular menus that night.  We were gonna order from the regular menu since we usually are not fond of set menu.  However, the set menu looked pretty good and the server was trying hard to sell it so we decided to give it a try.*Appetizer = pretty nice**Main course = huge! and tasty.*Sides = honestly, not good*Atmosphere = louder than desired....
4	We have a ton of top notch steakhouses in Chicago and even though there's a fairly-recently opened Fleming's down the street from me, we decided to check out this one because we were in town and said, why the hell not? (Let me tell you something I love about Arizona: in Chicago, you could never get away with wearing a t-shirt, shorts, sandals and a straw fedora to a steakhouse. But, luckily for me, things seem to be more lax in AZ. Also, lucky for me because my bags were on my original flight back to Chicago and I, clearly, was not.)Anyway, my buddy and I sat in the bar section, where it was a little more lively, so we could catch some highlights and relax. Everything I ordered was superb. Started off with a perfectly made No. 10 martini (kudos) and then went with the Wedge. The blue cheese dressing was excellent. Then I, of course, went right for the Bone-In Ribeye (med. rare). When it came out, it was as if God, himself, was speaking directly to me. Perfectly cooked, pefectly marbled, great cut of beef. I don't even remember what sides we ordered, it didn't matter. Either way, Flemings: they know how to make a drink, they know how to cook a steak, and they're pretty cool about the whole thing. Go there.
3	I dined at Fleming's recently on the insistence of a friend, and while the service was good, I thought the food was shockingly high priced for what it was. I had a small filet. It was correctly cooked and tasted very good. Just like I make at home when I buy steaks from AJ's. The reason I was not very happy was that my bill was around $80 for a small filet, a couple glasses of wine and a couple shared mediocre appetizers with two other people. No sides come with the meat at all. My steak was close to $30 alone. For a place that bills itself as a wine bar, I was disappointed with the by-the-glass choices. I guess if you are only searching for a good-tasting steak and you don't know how to cook, Fleming's is the place to go.  Guess that's what you get with the "lowest common denominator" style big national chains. I would not steer most people away from here, as I think this is what most people want: predictable and decent. I just figure I don't want to spend my money or calories on boring food when there are so many awesome local restaurants in this city!
4	we were looking for a steakhouse on yelp and decided to go here based on the good reviews on yelp. so far, this has been the second best place we have gone to eat since we have been in Arizona (first was at Ed's http://www.yelp.com/biz/eds-phoenix-2#hrid:8lk6pOKXtyRyce-1EyqlWw/src:self). We got the Summer prix fix with the fillet mignon and that was a pretty good deal as it comes with a appetizer and dessert. The Prime Rib was very good and that also comes with a salad and dessert choice which made it a pretty good deal. The sides we got were corn and string beans, and they were just ok. For dessert, the prix fix comes with a banana creme broulet and that was good. For the prime rib (only served on sundays), you get to choose your dessert and I chose the Chocolate Layer Cake. It takes 20 minutes to prepare since it has hot fudge inside and it was pretty decent. We would definitely come back.
5	WONDERFUL. This restaurant has really gotten it right. Fabulous menu, service, five stars for a job perfectly done!
4	Came here for AZ Restaurant Week. This place was completely packed on a Tuesday night, but we'd made reservations ahead of time so we were immediately seated. This place is dimly lit, but not to the extreme where you cannot read the menu without your server pulling out a pen light. That's annoying so things were already off to a great start. Everything was delicious. I loved the sun-dried tomato butter that came with the bread. We had very generous servings of the french onion soup. It's the best I've had. It was very flavorful. We ordered the lamb and the fillet Mignon. Both were pretty good. I'm not sure what to think of the mint sauce that came with the lamb. I didn't love it, but I didn't hate it either. We ended off the night stuffing ourselves with a creme brulee and chocolate mousse. We find it hard to say no to dessert. The service was great. Our glasses of water and wine were never empty and our courses were fairly well timed. I hear they have a great happy hour and I liked the bar area so we will certainty be back for drinks.
5	went for restaruant week.absolutely fantastic.the filet mijon was so moist and rich, not overly seasoned.the creme brulee was the perfect way to end my meal. the staff are very professional and friendly. atmosphere compliements the entire experience.i hear they have an amazing happy hour!!!
5	Been here several times and have always enjoyed the file mignon or prime rib, creme brulee and attentive, professional service.  Atmosphere is nice with some younger (late 20s, early 30s) customers and not too stuffy and overrun with older businessmen/ppl like some other steakhouses.  When we made our reservation, were asked if we're celebating a special occassion.  Server presented a Godiva-like gold box w 4pc chocolates and a 'happy birthday' which I thought was very sweet.
3	I'm afraid because of the departure of Scott Yanni, the Operating Partner and the Head Chef, Flemings Scottsdale has nose-dived. :( The Flemings potatoes are still to die for, however, well-done steak doesn't mean burnt and dry. The service isn't as impeccable as it once was with our server being distracted and not on pointe. I've heard that the Flemings line is owned by the same company who owns Outback Steakhouse and they want to be more hands-on with Flemings. Frankly, they are ruining a really good thing. Get Scott back--quick!
2	Overpriced...not all that good.
5	After extensive analysis, and I do mean extensive, our happy hour research team has determined that Flemings has the best happy hour bar food. I mean, the drinks are fine but where else can you get carpaccio, ahi, crab cakes or a very good burger for $6? Seriously.
5	We had the best server... name was Scott.I ordered the prime rib after swallowing our appetizer, the shrimp  (forgot the official name...!) and it was delish!If you're looking for a well-made dirty martini, this is the place to go!
4	I was impressed w/ Flemings! Gr8 steak place! The bartenders are fun! They have those wine glasses tht a whole bottle can fit into b/c we thought we were getting short a wine thy proved us wrong! I will b bk :o)
4	I don't know if it was the fact I consumed too much vodka before the nights dinner, but my NY strip steak was one of the best I've ever had. It was just seasoned on the outside and was juicy on the inside . Why not a 5 star, well, I'm not sure if it was the alcohol doing the tasting.
5	We ate here for Easter dinner with a special friend while on spring break. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The food quality was very good. In fact, one member of our group ordered a petite filet, med rare. It was not cooked properly. The waiter took it back immediately and brought another. The replacement looked like a 10oz or 12oz. And they took it off the bill anyway. Dessert was great and our wine selection was perfect. Although we don't live in Scottsdale, I can recommend this location.
4	first time here.  lifelong weekly mortons eater and this place was alright.  i enjoyed the wine selection and the steak.  the service was good and nothing to complain about either.  the food was prepared quickly and correct.  kudos!
4	Absolutely amazing Father's Day Brunch!Bread, Wedge salad, Filet Benedict on buttermilk biscuits with hash brown potatoes and green beans, New York Style Cheesecake = $29.99 + They gave me a $25 gift card to come back for dinner!Thanks Flemings!
5	My wife and I attended an event here last night.  They set out a pretty good spread buffet style.* Bikinitini - this is their new 99 calorie drink.  It was very good light and refreshing.  I'm more of a regular martini guy but it never hurts to try something new.* Porcini rubbed filet mignon and peppercorn steak - both were excellent, tender, juicy and very very tasty.  * Roasted mushroom ravioli - HOLY COW!  This was amazing.  This is only an appetizer on the menu though for some reason.  I swear I had about 10 of these things.  Next time I go to Flemings I'm going to get a steak on top of a bed of these raviolis. As always, the staff of Flemings was very friendly and helpful.  I will definitely be back.The event we attended was through Foodies Like Us (www.foodieslikeus.com).  It was $15 per person and well worth it for all the great food, wine and cocktails.  It was a bit too crowded though.  Anyway, it is a solid group of people that attend different dining events around the valley.  Check it out.
5	Scale of 1-10 (single visit):10 Food10 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueI was here for an alumni event.  Fixed, catered meal.  It was amazingly delicious.  I had the Filet Mignon.  The other two choices were fish or veggies.  The veggie plate, one might think, "oh that won't be enough food".  It was a fucking mountain of veggies!  Even with my great steak, I was jealous when I saw the veggie plate.  The starter salad, sides, and finishing creme brule sealed the deal.  Even the meet & greet h'orderves at the beginning kept me centered around the food table.It wasn't the perfect place for a speaker with awesome pictures of Mars b/c the projector situation was meh, but otherwise this was a great venue!
5	Courtesy of @Shwaag, I dined at Fleming's with @CaymusCabernet, @RussellOnSteak and @MarianOnWine.I should have written this sooner, but this is my 100th review, and I wanted to reserve that spot for this.I attended an Interactive Wine Dinner, which was an amazing event, and I highly recommend attending one.Our evening began with an amuse of Danish Bleu Cheese and Red Onion on Flatbread. The caramelized onion contrasted with the bleu cheese was phenomenal! I think I ate about 7 of them!This was paired with Caymus' 2008 Conundrum; a blend of Napa and central coast varietals. This was my first experience with a blended white, and I am a fan! Vanilla, melon, pear, mild acidity, really amazing.The combination of the sweet onions, and the vanilla and citrus of the Conundrum, made for a fantastic finish. Yumm!Out next course was an heirloom tomato salad with burrata cheese  (mozzarella), arugula, and diced beets.I'm not a fan of tomatoes by themselves, but these were delicious, hearty, and very fresh. And the spice of the arugula paired with the acid of the tomato, and the creaminess of the burrata, made for a delectable salad. I finished it off, even the beets.This was paired with the 2007 Mer Soleil Silver Unoaked Chardonnay. Very fruity, creamy, beautiful golden wine.Paired with the acid of the tomatoes, and the creaminess of the burrata highlights the richness of the wine wonderfully.For the main course we were served peppercorn-crusted New York Strip with Bordelaise Sauce, Sauteed Escarole and Fingerling Potatoes.The strip was what other cuts of beef aspire to be. The preparation is what other chefs aspire to accomplish.Simplistic, subtle, yet very powerful in both mouth feel, and flavor.The escarole was topped with shaved hard-boiled egg, which was unique, and definitely changed the impact of the escarole. (I'm not particularly fond of it myself)The fingerling potatoes were perfect.The bordelaise could have been delivered in a cup and I'd have happily drank it up.Paired with this course were two Cabernet Sauvignons; a 2000, and a 2008.The 2008 had far too many tannins for my liking. I don't want to pucker up like I've just eaten sand and have dry mouth.The 2000 was much more mild, and was rather delicious.Both paired wonderfully with the grilled meat, and the saltiness of the herbs on the potatoes meshed well with the reds.For dessert we were served Berry Trifle with sour cream pundcake and amaretto mascarpone Cream.OMG. I died and went to heaven. Which I don't believe in. But almost could have.Topped with toasted almond slivers, this dessert was pure bliss. The berries floating in the rich mascarpone, resting atop that delicious yet sinfully good pound cake.As if that wasn't enough to knock your socks off, they paired it with a 2004 Mer Soleil Late Viognier that alone could make you think you were drinking pure sugar, with great flavor.Apricot, honey, orange, balanced acid make for a lush and long finish.An amazing dinner and dessert, but in addition to the fantastic food, we were connected via videoconference with Chef Russell Skall; Fleming's Executive Chef, Chuck Wagner; owner of Caymus Vineyards, and Marian Jansen op de Haar; Fleming's Director of Wine. They fielded questions from several locations that were all conferenced in, making it feel a bit more personal. :)As if all that weren't enough, one of the servers mistakenly switched my tab with another party's. That didn't really bother me, as I understand that mistakes can happen.How it was handled made me want to reserve my 100th review for them; Mike Head, one of the Operating Partner's for the Fleming's in the Scottsdale Hilton, had introduced himself during the event, and had provided me his business card.I was expecting a deposit the night of the event, so the next morning I checked my account, which was how I noticed the disparity between my tab, and the amount my account was debited. (It was a triple digit charge)I emailed Mike, explaining the situation, and requested he contact me.Later in the day I hadn't heard from him, so I called him.Long story less long; he was going to contact my bank and, calling as a merchant, attempt to reverse the charge. He called me back to inform me that, rather than take a chance on there being any delay in me getting my funds back, he just went ahead and took cash to my bank, and deposited it in my account.Nobody does that. Ever.Mike Head of Fleming's did.He even returned my gratuity for the mistake having been made in the first place.And after all that, they still gave me a gift card to entice me to return.Mike Head, and Fleming's of Scottsdale, epitomize what customer service should alway be about.Thank you Fleming's, Caymus Vineyards, Chef Skall, Mike Head, and most importantly, Shwaag, for such an amazing evening.And thanks especially to my date, for being so beautiful. :)If you haven't been to Fleming's, do so at your earliest opportunity.
5	Flemings is, for me, just about as good as a steak house gets.  Warm, inviting and not pretentious.  If I had to pick nits (and I do) I would just say the service can be breathtakingly fast - so if you're going to linger over martini's, make sure your waiter knows not to fire your order until you're ready.  Oh yeah, the martinis are large, cold and good.Otherwise the service is top notch.  I really like a place where waiters are trained to observe every table, not just their own.  When we needed something, as soon as we looked around for our waiter, another waiter noticed and came over immediately to assist.  As soon as we were done with one course a passing waiter picked up the dishes, checked on our experience so far and asked if there was anything else they could do. That makes for a great dining experience.The Porcini rubbed tenderloin in gorgonzola sauce was great.  Ask for extra sauce on the side and you'll get some chunks of gorgonzola in it.  The added texture really helps the sauce. The scallops in lobster cream sauce were equally good.  Slightly crisp outside, sweet on the inside, perfectly complemented by the lobster cream sauce.  The vegetables served with the scallops were perfectly done.The mushroom ravioli is a must-get.  We always share it, it could easily be a perfect light entree for one.The atmosphere is dark (as a steak house should be) but not too dark.  There is none of the pretentiousness of some other houses and the staff are willing to accommodate almost any request.Thanks Nick! 5 stars!
4	We love surf & turf!  I mean who doesn't enjoy an extremely well prepared Filet Mignon accompanied with a succulent lobster tail? Oh Yeah!  So of course we had to go pay Fleming's a visit with some good friends.  We go to Fleming's for their steak because they know how to prepare it better than most!  For starters we were treated to a warm, rosemary loaf of bread.  The bread was already very good by itself, but the butters were even better.  I don't remember what each butter flavor was but I liked them both.  I preferred the orange (sun dried tomato maybe?) looking one.  The white one had a bit of a feta cheese taste to it.  We quickly polished off our whole loaf of bread.  Shortly after that, our soups and salads arrived, nothing special to write about here.Next came our steak and lobster.  The server waited while we cut into our steaks to make sure that it was cooked to the precise way we had requested.  My lovely bride's steak was so small it looked as though it was meant to be on a tasting spoon and not part of a surf & turf. The server apologized and was embarrassed he had not noticed it prior to bringing it to our table and quickly sent for another one.  My steak was perfectly cooked, mid-rare but I could have used a bit more seasoning.  The lobster tail was the highlight for my meal. The lobster came out served on top of its tail shell, but then it was removed by the waiter, (as if I could not handle it on my own :-) The lobster was not at all dry, which I worried about.  It was moist, tender, and was pure lobster deliciousness!As we dug into our steaks, we were given sides of asparagus and Fleming's potatoes.  I found the asparagus to be seasoned and cooked very well but a bit overly oily.  The Fleming's potatoes were like layers of lasagna, covered in a creamy sauce.  I've never been a big fan of any creamy potato dish, but this was exceptionally good.  For the finale we had Chocolate Lava Cake ~ a rich chocolate cake with a hot molten chocolate center, served with vanilla ice cream and sweet crisp wafers. The warm hot molten center with a scoop of the cool vanilla ice cream was the perfect way to end this wonderful meal.Fleming's is a fantastic place to dine for a couple, family or with good friends.  They are a chain, but they know how to cook steak very well and they are consistent. They have an exceptional wine list, which is what I recommend. Their well drinks are a too pricey (vodka & water X 2 = $24) so stick with wine.
4	Went because of their $50 gift coupon.  The two for $99 filet and lobster tail special with sides and dessert was perfect.  Not Caesar salad fans but this one was tasty and the fresh bread was a nice start.  Fresh margaritas were made just right.  Leftover dessert came home with us.Will definitely return for their attention to detail.
3	I haven't come up with any resolutions for 2011, so I think I will resolve to give lots of unsolicited advice to friends, family, coworkers, and the public in general...and what better way to do that than Yelp!The little lady and I decided we would start the New Year with a nice dinner (the little lady is a vegetarian BTW, and will be referred to as "LL") and due to a generous xmas gift and some vegetarian options we headed to Fleming's with visions of prime steak dancing in my head.Fleming's boasts an impressive 100 wines by the glass, which makes for a very relaxed and user-friendly wine experience.  However, I immediately saw on the way in they don't have a single beer on tap.  Craving a Stella or microbrew or something beerish this was a bit of a bummer but no big deal.  I guess I could suffer through a bottle if I had to.We were "greeted" by the hostess (I've had more enthusiastic greetings at McDonald's) and then she stared down at her screen to find the reservation.  There was enough of a delay I had one of those airport/hotel/rental car type moments thinking they had lost the reservation and would be turned away or asked to sit at the bar--but luckily this wasn't the case and we were promptly seated.I started with the vodka martini (not made as specified but fine nonetheless) and LL had some prosecco concoction with elderflower liqueur (delicious).  Service was prompt and attentive, although I had a feeling our server was either brand new or a temp called in.  She didn't even know the dressings for the salad!As for help on wine about all she could offer was the intensity of the wine increased as you went further down the list--clearly stated on the menu.  She was also unaware of what was truly vegetarian and didn't offer up any "super-secret-black-ops vegetarian options".  For those that haven't had the "pleasure" of dating a vegetarian (not vegan thank god!) most decent restaurants will modify dishes or make up something special to accommodate--so with Fleming's it looks like the mushroom ravioli was the way to go for any true entree feel....which is fine, I realize we were at a steakhouse!LL started with the caesar salad with ranch (traditional dressing has anchovies) and I had the french onion soup.  Both were fine, nothing to write home about.  Mine was even a bit cool of all things.  Our entrees arrived in a reasonable amount of time.  I had the main filet, and our sides included the mushrooms and Fleming's potatoes.I have to say I was disappointed in the steak.  It was the largest filet offered, but didn't seem very impressive when it came out...and was kind of in two pieces...so not the nicest looking piece of meat I've seen.  After having a few bites I also realized it was a solid medium instead of the medium rare I had requested.  In hindsight I should of sent it back, but in reality I'm just not much of a send it back type of guy.  I guess I'm more of the eat it/don't eat it and complain about it on Yelp type of guy.To sum things up, we had a really nice dinner and the server was extremely attentive and cheerful.  It's certainly not her fault she hasn't been properly trained on the menu--although she could of just admitted as much instead of trying to wing it!  However, for $200 with tax and tip you have to at least do what you do best: serve me up a fantastic prime cut of steak and cook it how I want it!  I know I could go to Basha's right now, buy a "choice" cut, and cook it properly on my POS grill with better results.  For this I'm feeling pretty generous with the 3 stars.  Happy New Year!
2	Let me start by saying, as a vegetarian Flemings is not the most exciting dining selection, but I decided to give it a try for the sake of my BF and he's carnivorous appetite.   As good guests do, we called ahead and made reservations.   When we arrived the hostess did not greet us, we had to let her know we were there and who we were, as she was too busy burying her face into the computer screen.   Never looking up at us, she looked at the screen for a bit, waited for another hostess to walk up and then handed her our menus and table location.  It was the oddest thing, she never made eye contact nor did she wish a pleasant dining experience.   We both walked away thinking Wtf?After the initial awkwardness from the hostess, we were sat by a pleasant hostess and greeted by our server.  The service overall was very attentive, but that was about as good as it got.  Our server had very little knowledge of the menu, wine list or what items on the menu were vegetarian.  A previous reviewer had mentioned a fantastic vegetarian platter offered to them that was not on the. She knew of no such thing, nor did she offer to check with the chef.  She just recommended I get a double order of the mushroom ravioli appetizer, or a bunch of side dishes.  Boo! I started with one of their specialty drinks, a combination of prosecco and elder flower liquor, it was very tasty!  I ordered a Caesar salad with ranch on the side to start, it of course came out with the ranch tossed into the salad.  For dinner I ordered the double order of ravioli, BF ordered their large filet,  and we shared a side of mushrooms and their Flemings potatoes.   Overall my ravioli were very tasty but I could tell the sauce was pretty much just melted butter... so how can you go wrong!  My BF's steak came out at a solid medium, not the Medium Rare he requested. In addition, it had this weird separation of the meat by some sort of tendon or fat that I have never seen in a filet.  For a steakhouse that was very disappointing.     Overall, the meal was okay and the service was okay.  If it was a $100 meal I would have given it a 3 stars, but for $200 I expect a lot more in terms of service. Sorry Flemings, we will not be back.
5	While not having reservations on a Saturday night during the BCS Bowl games we were lucky to get a seat. In the bar area. However I had a great view of the 2 plasmas and was able to leave the sports coat in the car.We had to wait a few moments to get a server, but once we got our server she was FANTASTIC! My wife and I have just gone thru Gastric Bypass Surgery and had a limited amount of choices to make on the menu. We both shared a bowl New England Clam Chowder. Which was THE BEST WE HAVE EVER HAD!!!! Then we ordered from the appitizer menu (Gastric Surgery has it's perks) We decided to try the Chilled Seafood Platter with Lobster,Giant Shrimp,King Crag legs, and Snow Crab. It was so fresh we barley needed any dipping sauce. We also ordered a side of grilled carrots another thumbs up! We ended up filling ourselves and had left overs to take home. Total bill came to $56.93, w Tip! We not only enjoyed the food but the atmosphere and the service. I would like to give Flemings Steak House a 2 thumbs up! Thanks for making our 17th Anniversary one we will never forget.
5	I was invited by Robyn N. to join her at the Paso Robles Wine Tasting VIP Event sponsored by yelp here and I gladly accepted the invitation. It was a great opportunity to try several of Fleming's offerings at once, and  to pair them with different wines as well. The wines were all lovely and the dishes that Fleming's offered for the event blew me away! We had a variety of excellent cheeses, always a great way to flatter excellent wines. Sweet chile calamari had a very pleasant sweet tangy sauce that lightly coated the tender squid. The roasted mushroom ravioli featured a delicious porcini butter sauce coating pasta pillows stuffed with portabello and shiitake -- a must-try for all mushroom lovers. We also had steak crostini,  melt-in-your-mouth tenderloin carpaccio, seared ahi tuna -- all excellent. The wine tasting event turned out to be a superb dining experience as well.
4	It took a little convincing, but Hottie and I decided to give Flemings a second shot.  Let me just say, it was like we dined at a totally difference restaurant!  We were pleasantly greeted by the hostess, who offered us our choice of table (despite the fact that the place was just about at capacity).   To start us off, our server recommended a new specialty cocktail with vodka, fruit juice and Prosseco which was less than 99 calories.   It was delicious! She also recommended a couple Pino Noir options for Hottie, who was very pleased.  I started off with the Flemings salad.  Really nothing special, actually the dressing was rather bland and it was served over romaine.  It really should have been served over spring mix or arugula... and adding a little cheese never hurts!  Regardless, I was perfectly happy with the complimentary warm bread and infused butter spreads to start me off.  For dinner the server recommended a "super secret" menu item for vegetarians.    I'm not sure what it was called, but it had layers of spinach, portabella, asparagus and roasted red pepper served over a very tasty red cream sauce .  On the side, I ordered the chipotle mac-n-cheese, YUM!  I don't even want to imagine the number of calories that were stuffed into that plate of cheesy goodness!  My Hottie ordered their special, a filet bone-in cooked medium rare with Flemings potatoes on the side.  This time his steak came out cooked perfectly, in fact by the end he was eating it off the bone... gross! For desert we had the chocolate lava cake.  I was a little leery, because typically these are served very small and obviously just reheated in the microwave for about 30 seconds. Not the case here.   It was the size of a softball, and just heavenly... warm chocolate oozing out of center, topped with ice cream and some kind of pistachio cookie... mmmm, still licking my lips! Okay, Flemings... Now I'm a FAN!
5	Best happy hour ever! Awesome prices for delicious food. We keep telling our friends about it, but I kind of want to keep it on the down low for as long as possible! We LOVE coming here!
4	I'd like to share a secret with you. Contrary to common belief, Fleming's is not just an option for a special night on the town! Believe it or not, they offer things like happy hour, prix fixe meals and specials all week long!One of my favorite things is the happy hour. Every weekday they offer five for $5. That means, they offer different appetizers for $5, the burger for $5 and several drinks for only $5. In addition, they have a specialty cocktail every month that has only 99 calories!
4	I also meant to add that they have special event dinners as well as a Friday night special and a winter prix fix for only $39! It's nice to know I have the option to eat have my steak and eat it too.
3	To put it in one line Fleming's is a 3-star restaurant posing as a 5-star restaurant.The issue for me at my visit to Flemings was service.  The hostess was rather unenthusiastic.  It seemed was just her job to point us in the correct direction, which was the bar to wait as our table got prepared.  For a 5-star place, a reservation is a reservation, and the table should darned well be ready when advertised.  I expect to wait for a table at Outback, with the little buzzing and flashing beeper, but Flemings isn't Outback.  Right?  And as I will state later, getting the food orders correct was an even larger issue.For background, I was part of a large group (11 people) for dinner.  The bread served before the meal was absolutely delicious; fresh, hot, with a crispy crust, tender middle.  Drinks and salads were ordered.  I got a Caesar salad, and all I can say is that it was adequate. I have had a better Caesar salad at my employer's cafeteria.  But, I'm not there for the salad.  Fleming's is all about steaks.  The server moved around the table and took orders.  Our server was cheery and tried to make small-talk conversation with the table.  She took the orders where overall there were 8 steak orders (some of the couples got one meal and split it) and various sides.  I ordered the prime rib-eye; whenever I go to a steak place, it is my benchmark meal.  When the food arrived I had a very nice, although I would call it a bit small piece of Filet Mignon in front of me.  A very nice cut of meat, but it wasn't what I ordered.  Also, one of the couples at the table was not brought any food.  So, doing the math, the serving staff has a 25% chance in bungling your order.  The staff re-took the incorrect/missing orders and about 5 minutes later the manager was by to apologize.  The couple who had the missing order was offered a shrimp cocktail; I was not.  Maybe that is why I'm the odd person at the table.  I started munching on the community sides watching my other friends enjoying their steaks.  As for the sides, they were adequate like the Caesar salad; nothing to see here; although the Fleming potatoes were better than average.About 15 minutes later, my steak arrived, a bit rare for medium rare.  Gee that would make it rare.  I was hungry, and I ate it anyway.  The steak was very nice.  Tender and tasty, the way a good rib-eye ought to be.  To be honest it was one of the best rib-eyes I ever had, although slightly undercooked.  Much more tender than ones in those cowboy steak places.  There is something about the flavor of fat from a good rib-eye, and that is why it is my benchmark steak.  I was not alone on the notion under-cooked nature of the steak.  I guess from a management standpoint, undercooked is better than overcooked.  But I am of the school nothing goes back unless I am always within eyesight of my food.  I've seen the movie "Waiting".  We got desserts, and did them community style.  The walnut turtle pie seemed to be the best liked.  I didn't do the walnut turtle pie.  Walnuts are a bit bitter for my tastes.The timing for delivery of food was a bit slow.  This was "European" dining.  Reservation at 6:30, offered dessert 9:30.  So, in a way we owned the table for the evening, or maybe the staff realized they were not going to turn the table for another customer, and with a large group tip was set, so there was no need to hustle for the tip.  Slow service is fine, if that is what you expect.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed chatting with my other friends at the table, but this was not typical "American" dining service.  On the good side, the water glasses were filled with great regularity.  Water glasses were 12 oz glasses, and these glasses never got below half full.  Service from the bar was not as good.  I ordered a glass of Shiraz before the salad, and the glass arrived after the salad.  So, about 20 minutes to get my glass of house Shiraz.With respect to the food errors, the manager did deduct the two meal errors from the bill, and that was very generous from Fleming's management.  But mistakes like this will crush high end places.  From a profit perspective, that's $80 that Flemings management isn't going to get, and a not so stellar review on Yelp.So for me, I give Flemings a 4-star for food, 3-star for service, and a 2-star for value.As for me, I'm not a high end restaurant guy, but from the small amount of travel I do for the company I work for, I have seen some higher end restaurants.  I was expecting penultimate experience, and I received an Outback level service experience.  Ultimately, the question is: "Did you get what you paid for"?  For my money, it is a resounding no.  But Flemings is in the business to appease business types with expense reports and such.  It is sufficiently snooty enough to impress your customer, so the corporate sales guy can give the impression to his customers that the company he represents "cares".
5	I'm not a big chain restaurant type of gal, but this place is top notch not only in service, but as well as quality of food. The fillet mijon was tasty, perfectly cooked (medium), and still sizzling hot on my plate. We ordered mac and cheese, potatoes au gratin, and the asparagus for sides. Again, I cannot express the 5 star quality of food this place serves. To end our evening off, we ordered the chocolate lava cake. I'm don't have a sweet tooth whatsoever, but to see the hot chocolate oozing out of the middle of the cake with vanilla bean ice cream. WOW, my taste buds were in heaven. I will be coming back to this place sooner rather than later. Get the lava cake ready for me! This time I will make room to fit it all in my tummy.
5	LOVE the patio for happy hour!  My entire office goes once a month.  It's a bit more casual, quiet, and intimate than the main restaurant.  I've never eaten inside, but by the looks of it, I would really enjoy that , too.  All the drinks are great!  I've had the carpaccio a few times and I'm never disappointed.  Most usually get a burger.
4	Top notch steakhouse. Excellent service - over the top actually with about 5 different people stopping by the table calling me by last name and filling water glasses on time, serving and taking away food immediately, checking in to ask if all was OK. I can't remember that last time I experienced such top notch service - spot on. Food - we all ordered steaks that were cooked perfectly - sides are ordered separately and are quite large - example the potato I ordered loaded was the size of regulation football - I easily could have split this monster with the wife. Couple of notes: pricing on the high side - would only stop in here for a special occasion, wine pouring per glass was less than I expected, noise level in the place can get loud - not  a deal breaker - however this should be mentioned - overall from start to finish they get A's in my book.
4	Met some friends for Easter Dinner here.  I thought it would be packed, but it wasn't.  Since I hadn't had Meat for a while, I was looking forward to this dinner.After browsing the menu, I decided to go for the Porcini Rubbed Filet Mignon (center cut, grilled high country Asparagusspears, Gorgonzola Cream Sauce).  For a side dish, I selected the Chipotle Mac & Cheese.  My friends ordered a bottle of Wine and we were good to go!The Filet was soooo good!  The Gorgonzola Cream Sauce added a rich, creamy flavor to the succulent center cut Filet.  I requested it Medium and it was cooked to perfection.  The Chipotle Mac & Cheese was a perfect complement to the Filet.....I highly recommend it.The service was pretty good to.  Our glasses of Wine were never empty and we ordered a Chocolate Lava Cake w/Vanilla Ice Cream & Whipped Cream and split it between the 3 of us.  It was awesome!Overall, it was a great dinner with good friends.Return Factor - 100%
5	So this is the place to go when my family and I want to dress up all fancy smancy. It's become an even greater event for the Williams clan since they have their entire menu gluten free! I can order the exact same thing as I always do without having to suffer! WIN! As you are seated just ask for their gluten free menu and they will gladly give you the Flemings gluten free menu- an actual menu not some flimsy piece of paper. (As silly as this sounds I always feel embaressed having to order when I am thought as a spectacle) When they serve the bread and delicious champange goat cheese (ahhh so  amazing) they will gladly serve you cut veggies instead! I have never had a poor meal here trying the beautiful steaks, poultry and seafood. And for all the lovely people who can eat gluten still you must order the shoestring potatoes- they cross contaminate their friers so a no no for GF!  The service is fantastic and I have never had a bad meal here!The creme brule and berries with cream are a must as a gluten free desert!
4	The best caesar salad i have ever had.The scallops were tasty, but not as crispy as I like them.  My husband loved his steak.The chocolate lava cake is amazing.  Instead of a little oozing chocolate, there was a lot of oozing chocolate.  And their house chantilly cream is to die for.  I could eat it alone, by the spoonful.
5	You can't really go wrong with Flemings. Very romantic, and dark inside. You get what you pay for, and here, you pay ALOT. Portions are small, but thats kind of a good thing if you ask me. Service is top notch and so is flavor. Came with my mom & we both had the Restaurant week specials. I went with the Chicken & Mom got the Steak.  Both were incredible. My only regret was not getting the Chocolate Lava cake. This is a must at Flemings- Deelish!
5	OH MY F*in YUM!!!! Delicioso!
5	incredible happy hour at the bar!the burgers are delicious as are the bbq shrimp!
4	The "Five for six til seven" is out of this world.  Enjoy the class of this wonderful restaurant without breaking the bank or go for a sit down dinner or brunch any other time of the day.  This place never lets you down no matter what sort of dining experience you are seeking.  The staff is great and very personalized and have a way of always making you feel special.  The deep wood bar is warm and inviting.
3	My husbands boss was in town and wanted to take some of his employees out to a nice swanky dinner. he made a reservation for 6:30 pm on a Friday night. we get there and our table is ready to go! Our server Javier was very polite, I would say he could have been more attentive but they were busy and it was a large place. Any way, I ordered a Mojito, it was just ok. You would think for the price it would have been the best Mojito I have ever tasted. There was to much Mint and not enough anything else. It looked as though a forest was growing out of my glass. I love Mojitos and this one was by far the worst I had ever had. no appetizer because we are on a time constraint we have tickets to a show right after dinner so we hop right into ordering the main course. I ordered the Prime Ribeye, for 43.00 you would think it would be all meat right?!? nope not so much, a good 2 inches of my ribeye was pure solid fat, (not the edible kind) I was pretty upset and you would also think that for the price it would come with a side.. yep think again. I ordered a side of mashed potatoes (9.00) for a quarter of a cup of potatoes. I have to admit they were DELICIOUS! but not $9.00 for a quarter of a cup delicious. My husband ordered the Scallops. and thats just what he got, 5 scallops on a huge plate that had so much paprika on them they were red.  I myself never understand spending so much money on so little food but hey if that's what you enjoy doing where you have to hit up the drive thru on the way home because your still hungry I recommend this place.
2	Went there Aug 28,2011 reservation 6:30 pm- ordered our drinks, got our bread( their bread is so good) and gave our orders( prime rib special). The place was packed- ... Then everything just went south! Ordered bread twice - never arrived- and the food took so long.  We have eaten here several times and generally had a good time- this time was a first bad experience! And they ran out of the lava cake too! Now that's really bad!
4	I came here for a free dental CE which in and of itself was amazing. Flemming's has a nice private room so we could here the speaker well, (downs for hosting, a little trouble with the lights and watch for next door clickers taking over your screen). The food was fabulous. Shrimp cocktail, interesting butters and bread, red onion walnut cranberry salad:  pretty standard. Then things became interesting. My favorite kind of mac and cheese coating in panko bread crumbs, perfectly cooked and seasoned asparagus, and melt in your mouth filet mignon. I did not think I would be able to eat another bite but out came a huge slice of I believe white chocolate cheesecake with a berry sauce. Amazing! I wanted more sauce but that was not enough to stop me from cleaning my plate. Why isn't there free CE's with fantastic dinners that allow over eager dental students every night???
2	Not exactly what I expected. All the ranting and raving I hear about this place, well it's on the lower end of places where I would eat steak. Asked for Medium steak and received closer to medium well. Don't think I'll be visiting any time soon. Creme brulee dessert was not better than the Keg.
5	Wow! What service!! I stopped in right when they opened since I'm an ESTer and was ready for dinner!! The server went absolutely above and beyond, even to the point of getting me a blanket since he thought I might be cold! The food was equally as amazing. I had the filet with garlic mashed potatoes on this visit. The steak was a smidge overdone, but still incredibly flavorful. They serve the steak here on a SUPER hot plate, a couple of high end restaurants do similar servings. It's really an acquired serving preference, so if you're not a fan skip the steak.I'd definitely go back and definitely recommend!!
5	I have a long history with Flemings...We go way back. Seattle, Washington, high school Senior Prom dinner. Yeah...That far back. That location is now closed, but I digress. When I moved to Scottsdale, I was excited immediately because there were multiple Flemings locations. It quickly became my go to special occasion dinner option, as my wife loves it as well. In short, the food is phenomenal. I've had multiple cuts of steak there and different preparations and they're all amazing. Last time I had a 6oz Filet that was stuffed with jumbo lump crab...Just let that sink in for a minute. Their sides and salads are also really nicely done, and their wine list and bar is one of the best out there. They also have a very good happy hour which is a pretty well kept secret. It's 5 items for $6 until 7pm Monday through Friday, and they also have $6 glasses of wine and cocktails as well. Obviously the food should be great, but the thing that sets Flemings apart for me is the service and commitment to quality. A brief story, if I may...In July of 2011 I made reservations for my wedding anniversary. We got to the restaurant and were seated, everything started out fine. It took longer than usual to get the bread course and to get our order taken, and since it was a Wednesday night it was a little surprising. Everything was taking forever, but the biggest disappointment was the food. I ordered a New York peppercorn steak medium rare. When it came, it was well done. Brown inside and tough...I sent it back and they were apologetic for the mistake. It took nearly 20 minutes for me to get my second steak (my wife was done eating hers by this time), and while it was still overcooked for my liking, it was edible. The rest of the service continued to take way longer than necessary, the waitress wasn't attentive, and at the end of the meal, there was an issue with the bill that took another 15 minutes to resolve. It took nearly 3 hours (and not in a good way) from start to finish, and was not a good dining experience in the least.I ended up writing Flemings the next day to express my disappointment, because it was a special occasion, and I'd never before been unhappy with the food or service I received. Within 24 hours, I had an email from the President of the company saying that he was very sorry and he'd have the GM of the restaurant reach out to me to amend any issues. The next day I got a call from the GM Mike Head and we chatted for a few minutes about our experience. He too apologized and asked me for my address so he could send something to make it right. Two days later I had a letter with a business card and a note saying "please call me personally to arrange your next reservation", along with $150 in gift certificates. I was floored.We've since returned a few times, and the food and service was back to it's absolute best. You will rarely, if ever, see business done like this, and it's the reason I'm happy to keep Flemings as my special occasion go to.
5	Once again, Fleming's was the PERFECT place to celebrate a special event. Brian R was one of the best servers we've had anywhere! Everything was perfect, the food was amazing (main filet mignons, Fleming's Potatoes, Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Steamed Carrots) and we had the Chocolate Mousse Cake for dessert. I beg Fleming's to add this to their dessert menu permanently, it was amazing and had no nuts! Thanks again for another incredible celebration, we'll be back soon!
4	FAN-FREAKIN' -TASTIC!Yes, it's a Great steakhouse... but they also have a Great wine selection... and Great bread to start... and Great desserts.... and Great service.Rich and Richie took exceptional care of us.  They were attentive and fun to talk to... too.I had the Prime Rib and it was huge and perfectly prepared. I ended up taking the rest home and having it for lunch the next day and it was just as good the following day.  :)The Bread to start came with 2 different flavored butters.  You could easily fill up on bread before dinner.... so go easy on this as they will keep bringing out refills if you let them.The Dessert.... we got the Chocolate Lava Cake... and the cake part was good... but the sides that came with the cake... they were Amazing.  The Chantilly Cream they serve on the side of the cake is freshly made and it's a Little Pillow of Heaven.  Rich brought us more when we ate all the cream and still had cake left.  And then they have a little homemade pistachio cookie with vanilla ice cream on the side too... these were great too... So, net, net... I wouldn't order the Chocolate Lava Cake for the cake part.... I'd order it for the things that come WITH the cake.  :)Good for special occassions and if you are looking to have a lovely evening out.
5	Best Happy Hour in town! $6 burgers (cooked the way YOU order them, I prefer med rare) seared ahi salad, carpaccio, bbq shrimp etc. AND $6 cocktails and wine! You cannot beat the quality for the price for happy hour, must sit in the bar or patio however. Steak and sides are all delicious! LOVE this place!!!
4	Went here on New Years Eve this year. Place was fantastic. The support staff kinda sucked, but our waiter made up for their flaws. Excellent filet!
5	Now I know what everyone thinks, "This is a chair restaurant, why are you bothering with a review?" Well, two reasons, one they have amazing service and two - I ate the MOST outstanding burger since I moved to AZ.  I arrived at 6:30 - waiting patiently for my 2 friends who were leaving the country for good, a little goodbye party.  My waitress was the sweetest person I had met and she really cared about her job and the tables she was dealing with.  I couldn't help but love her.  I ordered food and drink off the Happy Hour Menu - and let me stop here to explain this amazing situation: $5 food, martinis and wine - ARE YOU SERIOUS?  (as a heart attack)Anyway I was still waiting on my very late friends and wanted to stick in their 2 drinks before happy hour ended - and the lovely waitress ordered them, but waited to bring them, because she doesn't want them to have warm drinks - Can you believe this amazing service? Lets move into the Burger, with peppered bacon and cheddar cheese.  Huge onion ring, and a little wedge for my burger.  I have no clue what sauce was served, but it was outstanding too.  I scarfed half the burger and could barely save the second half for my BFF (who still wasn't there).  The BBQ Shrimp, Calamari and Ahi Tuna all were amazing and I cannot rave enough. I really appreciate staff and the restaurants they work at that go that extra mile.  They easily could have made me pay full price for the additional 2 beverages, but they didn't and its those little gifts that earn a review like this and a pat on the back!!
5	This Flemings is one of the best I have enjoyed.  The manager and staff go out of their way to make your meal the most pleasurable experience possible.  You can not go wrong with this restaurant.  We recently celebrated a birthday there on a Saturday night and they made my family feel like they were the most special group in the restaurant.  OH - and the food was excellent.
4	The atmosphere is great, although it was an upscale restaurant it felt very relaxed and friendly. The most recent time I was there was for their happy hour in the bar and it was delicious. During happy hour they have several appetizers for $6 (very friendly on the wallet) The baked Brie served with apple slices was cooked perfectly along with the Wicked Cajun Shrimp. They also have a Fleming's prime burger with cheese and bacon for $6 which was grilled to the perfect medium as we had asked served with these colossal onion rings. We topped our meal off with the Chocolate lava cake (let your server know ahead of time if you want to order this as it does take a while) and the Creme Brulee both of which were delicious. Overall I can't wait to go back and if you are concerned about their prices as they can be quite expensive for dinner trying giving their happy hour a try they call it their "5 For $6 'Til 7pm" in the bar area.
5	Delcious and very happy that I was able to convince friends to try my rare NY strip. And now they order rare steak and love your restaurant.
4	Other than a snotty girl who seated us in a crappy table and told us there wasn't anywhere else available, despite our reserving a booth, we had a wonderful time.  We quickly realized we were not going to deal with the attitude hostess girl and went back to the front desk where they promptly seated us in a booth.  The snotty girl needs to realize who is paying her salary - ugh, the customer!!  The rest of our evening was wonderful.  Excellent service, great food.  The Filet Mignon, chipotle mac & cheese that is always to die for and nice french green beans with mushrooms. Pricey but great food and so worth it for a special occasion.
4	Scottsdale road has just about everything including Oscar Filet at Flemmings, ohhh yea !  Talk about decadent, they were serving a special the night we were there that included the Oscar topping for the filet. Something about jumbo lump crab meat slathered on top of a perfectly cooked steak that is...... well..... just plain awesome! Add a side of asparagus and a wedge salad with a nice cocktail and damn if that is not the start to a kick ass evening. As always this location on the weekends was packed including the bar area, thank goodness for reso's.  Something about this Flemming's has more je ne se qua than the "run of the mill" Flemmings( if there is such a thing).
4	Very solid all around.  We had a very nice meal here, the highlight of which was definitely the steaks.  I had a new york strip medium rare, which was perfectly cooked, and also very well seasoned.  You don't need much more than that, but that's what you need.  The chipotle cheddar mac and cheese was also spectacular - smoky with a bit of heat and nicely coated in thick creamy cheesy deliciousness.Not quite as stellar: the creamed spinach was a little too creamy, being basically more cream than spinach.  Also, the seafood tower; it had some pretty excellent items  like the jumbo shrimp and the king crab leg, but it was extremely light on the lobster and the lump crab salad was bland and subpar.A couple other notes: They have some really tasty homemade butter spreads they serve with the breadbasket.  The place looks great inside, and the service was excellent with the only hiccup being a long wait for our first cocktail.  My only other complaint would be the wine list; there are plenty of bottles in the $30-40 range but most of them are from the cheap aisle at your grocery store.  You're gonna have to shell out $50+ to find something that really stands up to your red meat.
4	OK, a lobster cobb salad for over $30 and one of the very best prime rib dinners I have EVER eaten (also over $30)...  If I had the time and the money, I could LIVE here.Sure we waited.  We waited long time. But Flemings love us long time too.The calamari appetizer was cooked to perfection, and the special lobster bisque was equally incredible.  Our server was kinda hot, very eloquent, and easily served our table of twelve with no issues.My biggest issue was with the party I was with because they simply didn't want to leave...  One of the greatest tourist restaurant experiences ever.HOWEVER...  I have to ding this establishment a star for not having free/any wifi...  Because that's how we roll in the new millennium...Try the pomegranate margarita.  SERIOUSLY.
2	Have eaten MANY times @ Flemings.  Only sat in the bar at the South Scottsdale location, but sat in the dining room last weekend.  From the time we sat down and cold air was blowing on us, it was a disaster.  Still have GC for them so will use it up at DC Ranch location which has much better dining room service.
4	i tend to go here for there happy hour 5-7 mon- sun 6$ gets you a great shrimp app, carpaccio, burger ect excellant martinis and service
4	I'm typically skeptical of restaurants in hotels. But for some reason "Prime Steakhouse" was unusually alluring. We had a late reservation and we got seated fairly quickly. Our server Abram was really helpful and friendly. I got the Petit Fillet Mignon and it was so good! Pure meat cooked perfectly. A side of mashed potatoes and asparagus to share- this was a good meal. All the staff was really friendly to us; great service at Fleming's. Their wine list is on an iPad, which is pretty fun to play with too!
5	Food was good, service was great. Being able to make a reservation on Yelp = amazing.
5	Another great Happy Hour! The selection of dishes was very nice. The calamari was delish and the burger was huge and very good. The drinks very strong- the definitely don't skimp on the alcohol just because its happy hour. The bar area was crowded, so I would recommend getting there early for Happy Hour. Sit at the bar, you will meet some really interesting people!
4	Great happy hour...7 days a week from 5-7pm at the bar.  Nice ambiance, nice bartenders, good drinks and yummy food all for $6 each.
5	The best Happy Hour in Town...Darrin, Frank, Abe, Julie are the best
1	Ugh.  Went for a celebration dinner with my two kids.  we've been to Flemings in Peoria a number of times and always loved it. This experience was far from that.  Service was snooty and slow.  Took forever to get anyone to pay attention.  We ordered two kids meals and I had the petite filet, which, for $36, was so petite I left starving. I presented a $25 pre-paid gift card which I had paid for through our hotel stay at the nearby doubletree.  All of sudden, our waiter mysteriously disappeared with our bill for 15 minutes.  I complained to the manager and all he offered was to "expedite" the bill for me. No apology even.  Left a sour taste in my mouth.   Even so, it wasn't about the money.  I  I would go back to the west valley location in a minute because the experience is always fantastic.  At this location, they are just snooty, full of themselves, unfriendly and self-absorbed.  Oh and BTW, while the steak certainly wasn't bad, it wasn't heavenly either.  The wine I selected was sub-par and had no business being on the wine list for a restaurant of this supposed caliber.   And the kids meals included slices of apples as a first course.  Seriously?  They couldn't come up with something more creative than that?
4	My wife and I visited Flemings on Monday July 16, 2012 for happy hour 5p to 7p.  We enjoyed the $6 happy hour menu sitting at the bar starting with tenderloin carpaccio , sweet chile calamari , shrimp cocktail, all were worth the $6 each.  Although we had the sweet chile sauce on the side for the calamari very good appetizers shrimp good flavor cooked in house.  My wife for main course had the lamb chops with fried polenta served with it she really liked this dish the chops were the size of lolli pops three pieces but very very good.  I had the in house made $6 prime 8oz burger cooked rare with swiss and cheddar cheeses bacon on a nice brioche bun it was cooked rare and tasted very good.  Also served with this burger was two large fried onion rings , slice of iceburg lettuce and slice of tomato.  Along with a few beers for me my wife had the in house made sangria it was not worth th $8 price.  The bartender was very detail minded friendly great service !  We will be back for dinner next time.Enjoy.
4	I'd heard great things about Fleming's, so I was excited to go last week for dinner. For starters, I love a good bread basket. They have a fabulous one.Their wine list is presented on an iPad, and rightfully so - it is gigantic.We split the caesar salad which was great and even a small was easy to share. Since I wasn't super hungry, I ordered the scallops. Four midsized scallops in a delicious meyer-lemon honey glaze. The side of vegetables were fabulous as well. I had a few bites of my husband's ahi tuna which was also excellent.I'll definitely return - looked like they had a great happy hour menu as well!
5	Went here for our anniversary.  Pretty much what you would expect from an upper end steak house.  Yes, it's pricey.  Steaks were good and service was attentive.  A good place to celebrate.
5	I love love love their Happy Hour 5 for 6 until 7 seven days a week! They change up the happy hour menu a few times a year, but you could never go wrong! My first time at this particular location and I enjoyed the ambiance and the great customer service! This location also had an IPad wine menu that paired your meal with particular wines! It was pretty awesome!
5	This is an excellent steakhouse with a menu to suit anyone's taste.  It's fine dining without the stuffiness!  They have a nice happy hour every day and I like knowing they provide prime cuts. Also, they have an amazing selection of wines by the glass which I love bc there is something for every one of my moods - they use cool ipads (winepads) that let u actually choose a wine by your mood! Fun!  The 3 scallops were great added to my yummy petite filet which was the standard 8 oz size.  Flemings potatoes were cheesy scalloped and dee-lish.  Also enjoyed the creamed corn, ...nice and sweet like I had growing up in the east coast summers..  I'm surprised that some people give it low stars just because they say things weren't heavenly...I have to say, the service has always been very friendly and attentive and if you want heavenly-try the choc lava cake:)   mmmm mmm mm!
5	My husband & I went there on a Saturday night after I left a bridal shower we were in town for.  I picked up my hubby @ the hoteI for a little bit of a romantic date & found Fleming's on YELP.  We arrived about 9pm & sat at the bar.  WHAT A DELIGHT!  They have an amazing wine list on ipads for you to peruse.  Very informative & includes numerous pairing possibilities for every item on the list.  The small plates are perfect for a late night bite & more than enough for me as an entree'. We paired the dessert with the reccommended port & all I can say is it was heavenly!  Our server was absolutely fantastic!  Attentive & personable.  Such an enjoyable evening we can't wait to go there again!
5	Absolutely fantastic!! Our small business conference group were treated like kings. Food was perfect!!!!! From appetizers to Desserts. I wish all Flemings were this great. :)
4	Great place! Everything was set up before i even arrived. Great manager who came by to ensure everything was well
3	I went to this restaurant for happy hour from the recommendations on yelp.  The drinks were good and the service was good as well.  The server could only seem to find one 5 for 6 menu, so it took a while to figure out what to order.  We ordered Calamari which was OK and shrimp which was fair.  The shrimp simply did not taste all that good and we left some on the plate.  Maybe it is because I am from the East Coast, but I have had better.  (Much better at Mastros. All in all it was a good value for happy hour.  Crowd was older ...very senior.  Maybe because it was Wednesday.
2	Found a hair in my entree. Notified waiter who didn't say too much, quiet apology.  Later manager came over as usual to see how everything was. He didn't mention anything, no apologies...nada. Didn't take it off the bill either.   Not classy way to handle. Food was good
5	We had dinner at Flemmings last evening! What a delightful time! The atmosphere is perfect to get together with friends. I must admit,  the steaks are prepared deliciously! For dessert, I ordered the lava cake with vanilla ice cream.  This is the true test. Is the cake center gooey and warm so that the fudge runs out to be met by the vanilla ice cream?  YES! Perfect! Love this place!
5	I had only been to Flemings once for their fabulous happy hour.  I decided to go for my birthday.  I ordered the "wrong" thing and they quickly turned what could have been a disappointing situation into a reason to come back.  Nice atmosphere, great service, excellent food.  Yes - a little pricey - but quality costs.  Will be returning!
2	A special night, one anniversary one birthday and a very disappointing evening.which was marred but very mediocre food and an overbearing waitress.To sit and visit while enjoying your drinks was interrupted by a waitress trying to get an order while half the restaurant was empty. The food -salads OK, entrees - shrimp was dry and tasteless, scallops small plate was not inspiring, beef kabob was not good either, but my filet was very nice.Having had good meals in the past and to go to an upscale top restaurant and receive this annoying service and less than stellar food is very disturbing and I would think it will be a long time before we return.I was embarrassed in choosing this restaurant and felt bad that our friends had to pay so much for so little on a Thursday night.
5	We went here after watching some fancy cooking show. We inquired about a certain steak that is prepared a certain and drawn out way that wasn't on the menu. WE just happened to mention this and our waiter went and asked about it, Fantastic, So thankful this was the best dinner I have had In years! Actually the best steak of my life! Love this place!! So thoughtful and amazing that they could make this work although it wasn't on the menu!! Total kudos!
5	Amazing happy hour! Spendy but not at happy hour.
5	Awesome steak, wine and service and this was on a sat. night.
5	I called to make some requests for an upcoming reservation. All of the requests were met and we were treated like rock stars. Salad cold crisp and lightly dressed. Steak, spinach and potatoes all excellent   - what a delightful experience all the way around Sande s
5	It was a wonderful experience here.  The service made us feel welcome and important, the atmosphere was romantic and the menu was impeccable.  I hadn't seen my boyfriend in over a month and we were really glad we made Flemming's our date night.
4	Great food great service and atmosphere  you get what you pay for but the waitress push your orders like a car salesmen. This is management as I noticed when not being watched the change of behaviour. Its supposed to be enjoyable, relax.
4	I had the Tbone last time and it was amazing. Ordered several sides, and was disappointed.  I guess you go for the steaks and not the sides.
2	I asked an employee at the Arizona Golf Resort in Mesa for her favorite fancy restaurant in Scottsdale and she gave me a bum steer. Wine list is extensive (but heavy on the CA selections) and I found the ipad wine list hard to navigate. Waiter offered a tasting (quite small, not more than a couple of sips) and we requested a second and third and had to pay (a third of the cost of a glass per taste). Finally we chose a $56 bottle of Oberon after paying about 8 dollars for 2 tastes. Struck me as a bit greedy, considering the menu prices. I ordered French Onion soup -- very good altho not quite the traditional method (melted cheese over the pot) and partner had special soup of the nite -- a type of seafood, overpriced I thought at $14. Partner had the BBQ salmon which she said was "fine." I ordered the smallest fillet mignon "Newport"  -- overpriced at $36 for something the size of a bar of soap (not the deodorant size; the kind you find for free in hotels). I ordered medium-well and it was medium-rare, and I found its seasonings/salt most disagreeable -- I kept tasting it again for hours afterward (sorry to say). Steak came with their house potatoes - kind of scalloped with cream and cheese and I did not care for the dish; the waiter was kind enough to remove it and offer french fries instead (which were fine). The waiter tried to be helpful but seemed rather inexperienced and hovered around too much. And the busboys were intrusive coming to collect plates seconds after it appeared we were finished with them. Manager offered a discount card on a future meal because I said we were celebrating an anniversary -- a nice touch but not enough to make up for the less than outstanding service, unsatisfying food and overall feeling that we were in one of a chain of restaurants (which we were) which lacked the exceptional quality I have come to expect from pricey places like this one. The price way exceeded the value of the experience. I must say the bread was excellent (but I was annoyed when busboys twice tried to remove the basket when the loaf was only half-eaten).
2	I am sad to say we did not have a very good experience this time. My husband and I are big advocates for Flemings but we are not so sure any more. We visited this time to celebrate our Valentines (a little late but our job schedules don't always allow us to celebrate on the exact dates), I had made a reservation earlier in the day for 6:30 for their "Arizona room" since their dining room was booked. They assured me that it was heated with heaters and a fire but ill get to that... We arrived around 6:10 and let the host staff know we were there.. They already seemed pretty flustered and it was only 6pm.. We waited till about 6:35 ish till we were seated where the fans were all on, ppl at other tables were wearing their heavy coats, none of the heaters were on and the fire really didn't seem to help at all and I shivered the whole time only after asking our waitress if the fans could be turned off.  We waited for our server to come for about 15 min and than waited another 15 min for our drink orders...We finally got to order and waited at least 45 min to an hour before receiving our food. My husband ordered his fav, the filet and a baked potato (medium), however, what came out was almost done with no pink at all in the center and I ordered the pork chop with the mushrooms, it was just okay... Not better than what I could make on my grill at home! The server finally came back to check on us and when my husband replied that his steak was just okay she must have mentioned it to the manager. He walked over, asked how our meal was and gave us a coupon for $25 off to use Feb18-March 28th...as well as removed the steak from our bill... We were glad they did something but sad that we were so excited to go to one of our fav more upscale restaurants only to be pretty disappointed. We weren't sure if it is under new management or new ownership all together but I hope something happens fast or else most people will start to go to the other locations.
4	We visited Fleming's on a Thursday evening, after making 7:15pm reservation via their website.  The place was absolutely packed, a great surprise.  When we arrived early, we did have to wait for our table to be ready (to be expected), and had a chance to sample their "5 for $6" Happy Hour drink menu, which stops at 7:00pm.  The Manhattan and Peach Sparkler were quite good for only $6 each.  While waiting, we used the iPad wine menu to explore the many, many wine selections that would be available to us at dinner.Once seated for dinner, we had fantastic service from our servers, who were always attentive and helpful throughout the meal.  Their homemade bread and butters were great for a start while waiting for our orders.  Instead of wine, we went with the special Pomegranate and Sage Margarita, which was delicious.  For food, we decided to order their Seasonal Menu, a wonderful 2-course taste sensation starting with Lemon Ricotta Crostini with Fresh Pear Slices for an appetizer, and then an Iron Seared Delmonico Steak with tangy bearnaise butter and spiced blue crab topping.  It also came with a crisp potato cake and heirloom carrots. Unfortunately, one of our steaks was not cooked as well done as ordered, and had to go back to the kitchen.  The resulting extra/twice-cooked steak was disappointing at best.  This is the only black mark on an otherwise excellent dining experience.  To Fleming's credit, the manager came over to the table to apologize, without our asking, and did offer to remove the entire 2-course meal charge off the bill for the steak preparation mistake.  You really can't ask for anything more.  Mistakes do occasionally happen, and they really stepped up and took care of us when it did.  Other than this little problem, I would have rated them a full 5 stars!
5	While visiting the area I had a hankering for a nice cut of beef. After picking some local friends brains, I was told that Flemming's was the place to go. Absolutely stunning steakhouse! Some colleagues and I stopped in one evening without a reservation and had to wait about 10-15 min for a table of eight. After being seated our server was very prompt and helpful. This being many of our first time here, our server was very patient and willing to spend the few extra moments with us to discuss the many items on the menu that we were interested in. Awesome drink menu and plentiful selection of brews. The appetizers we got were amazing!After finishing the amazing steak and sides I was more than satisfied with my choices. The next option was dessert... Oh boy!? After thinking about it long and hard I did pass on the dessert as I was stuffed after my main course. Some of my friends do still joke with me as the server asked me if I wanted deep fried filet migon with ice cream. I was sure that the server was serious and it appeared that they would make basically anything we wanted.After paying the bill and complementing our server to his boss we were all thoroughly impressed. Next time I'm in the area, I will definitely be stopping by for another amazing steak!
5	Had our "big dinner" there with my aging parents last week. It was a great pick for an occasion. Ambiance is rich, service is Downton Abbey-like, food is something from a cooking show.My filet mignon was perfect. The scallops only lacked for bacon. Those Fleming's potatoes were wicked good.And I broke a 30-day diet to mangia on Chocolate Lava Cake, which was the closest thing food comes to sex. Holy crap that was good. Seriously.The whole staff was impeccably mannered and quite kind. Our waiter put up with my aging parents who don't hear too well.It ain't cheap, but damn, it's good.
4	Fantastic happy hour with 5 wines, 5 cocktails, and 5 apps, each for $6.  My pal and I went with the sweet chile calamari and the mushroom ravioli and were not disappointed with either.Fleming's is still on my list for dinner, but in the meantime, happy hour will do just fine.
4	Great location, right next to Hilton Resort on the SEC of Scottsdale Rd. & Lincoln Dr. in Scottsdale. This location is much smaller than the other locations, and the noise level was actually too loud for me as this is a very special celebration for me and my date.  Both my date and I ordered the Bone-In Rib Eye steaks.  The steaks were very juicy and moist and it turned out perfect and it melted in your mouth.Our waiter was Justin and he and his assistant were both very helpful answering our questions as this was our first time visiting this location.  We had to shout out loud to get our waiters' attention due to the noises surrounding our table. Once we finished with our meal, one of the manager, Tracy, stopped by our table to make sure their services meets our standard.But overall, this was a great choice on both of our parts and we'll definitely return to this place again soon for another celebration.
5	Awesome dinner!!
4	Amazing steakhouse with a lot of delicious options. The ribeye steak was very tasty and cooked exactly as ordered. The Fleming's salad is so good and the walnut turtle pie is one of he best deserts I have ever enjoyed. Table service is top notch but the ambience needs some improving, as its too dark and noisy inside.
5	My usual reaction to my favorite restaurant is WOW! It never disappoints. The managers are attentive, the servers excellent and the food outstanding. Love the Newport filet with their delicious, creamy potato au gratin. Have never had anything but a fantastic meal. Keep up the good work.
4	Delicious food, wonderful atmosphere, but pricey!!
5	Best happy hour in town!
5	As always....Flemings was perfect.  Go here in Scottsdale and La Jolla---always perfect!  Best steak ever...and I know a chain..but seriously amaze! :)  If there's a Flemings around--I never seek out another steak place because we have a great time always.  Even saw TW and Wil Ferrel one night at La Jolla..hahaha ;)
5	Took my parents here for fathers day - so good - one of the best ribeyes I have ever had.  My parents loved it!  Salad with blue cheese and bacon was tasty as well.  Cant wait too go back
4	Great food, good service.
4	Knocked Ruth off the top of my list.  Sorry lady.  My only issue is that the size of each portion of meat is not listed on the menu.  My meat was cooked to perfection (which is my requirement), and the wait staff was personable. I am a convert. Thank you Fleming's. I am in love.
3	Formerly my favorite special-night-out spot, Fleming's has disappointed as of late.  Had to send back overlooked, dry halibut last time and this time some very disappointing fleming's potatoes and prime rib.  The food is still acceptable overall, but for the price, I expect more.  Sorry Fleming's, I'll have to move on.
5	We were *that* family that brought a cranky toddler and a picky 9 year old to a fine steak house and Fleming's survived with style and grace and an excellent sense of humor.  We enjoyed every item on their happy hour menu as well as a pile of cocktails and every single thing was absolutely delicious.  I think the happy hour here must be one of the best values ever in the history of happy hours.  Our server was funny - seemingly a little distant but in actuality totally attentive and on top of every special request we had.  Our favorite was our bus boy who had the nicest manners I've ever seen on an 18 year old.  His family should be so proud of such a great young man.Wish we lived in town, we'd be regulars.  Thanks Fleming's for allowing us to enjoy a white table cloth evening while still enjoying time with our kids!
4	Time to update my review of this place.  Besides the awesome Steaks they have here, this is a great spot for happy hour.  We meet friends and associates here often for happy hour.  They have this awesome "5 for $6 'til 7" happy hour menu:5 Wines, 5 Cocktails, 5 Appetizers, 2 Entrees, or 2 Blue Moons for $6 ea....that's an amazing deal!We enjoy the Wines of course and some of the appetizers we get are the Roasted Pork Belly, Carpaccio, and Mushroom Ravioli.  Our fav entree is the Prime Burger w/Cheese & Bacon...it's a huge Burger for only $6.This is a great spot for dinner or happy hour, check it out if you can.  Best part is we love to get the gift cards from Costco....$80 for $100 worth of cards....that saves us an additional 20%.Return Factor - 100%
5	This place is amazing.Jeff the executive chef is ridiculous.My steak was beyond perfect.The shrimp was exceptional.Service was as expected, promptThis is the best!
2	Um. No. One star for the the lovely's filet, he said it was one of the best he's had. Second star for service and the chocolate lava cake. When I made the reservation, I told them it was Jeff's birthday. Upon arrival, they wished him a happy birthday and escorted us from the [handsome but very noisy] main dining room into what looks like a converted private space. No ambiance, no windows but quieter. And although we appreciate a reprieve from the noise, there was piped in [bad] music. Ugh. So I'm sitting in the back forty, eating a $9 salad that is mostly chopped iceburg lettuce, some cherry tomato and a few candied walnuts, drinking a Smirnoff Cosmo [my fault for not specifying the vodka] that had almost half a lime in it. Dinner was the lovely's 6 oz filet, baked potato and asparagus, and my Lobster tempura. He was happy, I was not. To their credit, lobster was perfectly cooked and but the tempura coating was so greasy - greasy as in they didn't drain it properly. The soy ginger sauce had so much salt I couldn't enjoy it and the accompanying jicama salad was overdressed. The chocolate lava cake was yummy, coffee was meh. Before dessert, manager Tracy brought a gift card and wished Jeff a happy birthday - a nice touch but we wont got back. For almost $200 we can have a stellar meal, more food, and a lovely experience at Capital Grille.
1	$55 for a tiny fillet and two bites of scalloped potatoes and I asked for well done and it came out charcoal and they did not even ask me if it was cooked right. Last time I went to the one in Peoria and it was good, but the risk of a repeat of last night for the exorbitant price I will take my steak dinners at the Keg, Firebirds or even Texas Roadhouse are half the price if not less for WAY more food and it is always good or great. More expensive is just plain stupid sometimes.After posting an operating manager called me and is trying to make good with a gift card, apologized for the experience and thanked me for feedback.
5	Flemings must have the best service in this town! We came in early for HH. Kris bounded over with a huge welcoming smile to get us seated and comfortable on the spacious patio. Next, he introduced us to our waiter Doug Ray. Even though it started to get busy he never forgot about us checking with us frequently to make sure all was going well. What a gracious guy!! Then Prentice came to inquire if everything was AOK. The food was awesome, but one thing;if you want onion rings on the burger you have to ask now. Come on over. You won't regret it.
4	Birthday dinner #1 with mom at Flemings was a great experience. Both of us are first-timer at Flemings but really enjoyed our nights. Reservation at 6:30 on a Saturday night in the private room section, a perfect seating for us as it was much quieter. Our dinner consisted a shared plate of calamari, two petite filet with a side of grilled asparagus and sauteed mushroom. Calamari plate was very big, pre-mixed with the hot n sour (though it says hot and sweet) sauce, not the typical calamari I had tried, especially there were sauteed red pepper, onions and some very sour jalapenos. Overall it was ok, the outside layer of calamari isn't as crispy as I wanted, probably because it was already mixed with sauce.Now to the main dish, steak!! We both opted for the petite size, it was perfect for us, very well accompanied by the grilled asparagus and sauteed mushrooms. My medium rare filet came out very nice and juicy. If only my mom doesn't eat her steak at well-done, i would have ordered a bigger steak to share (of course to save money too!) oh well, we both only want what we like :pFor dessert, we chose the famous lava cake. Well, it came out very neat looking with two scoops of ice cream and a little candle, but the cake itself was a bit too bitter for me, it was very very dark chocolate. I normally do like dark chocolate, but this lava cake, if no ice cream was accompanied, i don't know how many bites I could take. Our overall experience was great, very nice staff and attentive services! And because we went for birthday, yay for a $25 gift card for the next visit !!
3	1st time ever disappointed with Flemings....we ordered baked brie as an appetizer and it was a solid chunk of cheese instead of melted and oozing like it should. the service was exceptional
3	Service was sub-par. Had to ask multiple times for iced tea refill, little to no ice, filet for one guest overcooked, ordered bearnaise sauce that never arrived however server was very pleasant when he stopped by. Table was small, chairs encourage one to wrap it up. 13 year old asked me if server didn't like us, I explained unless you've been rude or demanding it is often not personal and is more a reflection of training and a desire to provide good service. A disappointing discussion to have at dinner table. We won't return.
4	I was in town for business and Flemings is attached to a Hilton Resort where I was staying.  I was at a 2 hour disadvantage because of the time zone and with an 11 hour day of travel I didn't want to go out searching for a place to eat.  I showed up during Happy Hour and sat at a booth at the bar.They had a nice menu for happy hour which included a burger for like $8 which was wonderful, for the money.  Heck, you spend $8.00 at McD's now and this burger was hands down the clear winner.  Cooked to perfection, cheese and bacon and all the fixings.  I also had a bowl of French onion soup.....which was good but served pretty much boiling hot where it took forever for it to get cool enough for me to eat it.It was busy at that bar, not in the restaurant since it was so early and I can't understand what took so long for them to bring me my burger.  It was well over 30 minutes and I had to chase the waitress down for it.  This was the only downfall of my visit.
4	We had the most wonderful Thanksgiving dinner at Flemings in Scottsdale today. Great service and fantastic selection of food, something to please everyone. Their prime rib is always the best!!!
5	Best happy hour burger around! Great service!
5	For my daughters 21st Birthday we decided to take the family to Flemings and DC Ranch.  We drive by this restaurant on a daily basis and yet have never given them a chance so I never knew what we were missing until now.  The atmosphere is very nice they have a bar area with TV's if you just in for an informal high quality steak and outstanding cocktails.  The service was simply outstanding we were treated like royalty and when one of the steaks delivered to the table we just a little overcooked they brought out the chef and insisted we allow them to make another.  Best part is they let us keep the mistake - thats nice when your talking a $50.00 piece of prime beef.  The ribeyes are amazing - ask for the ribeye that they bring to the table and cut off the bone for you WOW.  The wine selection was among the best in Scottsdale and the cocktails a perfect blend.  Thank you Flemmings for your fine contribution to my daughters 21st.
5	Whenever I travel I look for the perfect ribeye.   I've tried most of the restaurants in the area and scanned my gps for a different steakhouse.   I've never heard of Flemings before, and thought I would give it a try.    Thought the prices were normal for quality steakhouse.   Service was excellent.Was NOT disappointed in my ribeye.   Extremely tasty with great flavor.   Probably the most tender one I have ever had.    Definitely on my go back list.
3	I don't know what has happened at Flemings tonight, but the place was  totally falling apart.Tough prime rib, lousy service, and people running all over the place trying to get it together...not a good experience at all.We waited for someone to come to our table to get our dessert selections, drink refills and our check for about 50 minutes.I don't know what was going on, but I doubt we'll be back anytime soon...
2	We go to DC ranch Flemings and it's always perfect however we decided to this location just to try a different ambiance but we are really disappointed. The calamari appetizer and steaks were great.  The salad was really tiny , not sure why. It took a really long time, 30 min between appetizer and salad. We thought they ran out of lettuce. The worst part is that my girlfriend went to the restroom and there is no toilet paper and the paper towel is really low too. When I went to the men's restroom the paper towel was almost out and the Kleenex  box was completely out as we'll.  you would think someone should check the restroom periodically at a nice restaurant  .I've learned my lesson and stick to the DC ranch Flemings. y
5	We love this Fleming's location!  We have been coming to it for years and have celebrated most of our anniversaries here.I typically get the Ribeye.  This last trip they had a dry aged ribeye and it was delicious.  My husband loves the filet and lobster tail.  He said the lobster is the best he has ever had anywhere.  We always order the Fleming's potatoes which are so delicious.  Their desserts are wonderful too.  My husband's favorite is the creme brulee and mine is the chocolate lava.The service is always excellent!
4	This is easily one of the best happy hours we've been to in the Scottsdale area.First of all, it was PACKED.  I wish you could put your name on the list for Happy Hour seating in the bar, but unfortunately that wasn't possible.  When we were finally able to snag a table, it became clear why it was so busy.The service was outstanding, as were the deals.The burger was incredible ... for $6 I don't think you can do better.  Just don't get the onion rings ... it literally only came with 2 of them.The drinks were strong and delicious.  The Baked Brie appetizer was amazing.We look forward to returning soon.
3	Eh...We had some gift cards from Christmas, so we decided to dress up a little and check the place out.We started out in the bar, where luckily it was HH. The bartender was so nice and down to earth and she mixed us an amazing gin concoction off their HH menu. It was potent, refreshing, not too sweet, and went down way too easy. The complimentary freshly made potato chips at the bar are scrumptious and perfect to settle your belly when drinking these strong drinks. Dinner wasn't as great as the bar experience. My husband ordered a filet Mignon and I ordered a few sides, since I'm a vegetarian. Now, I don't mind going to a steak place as long as the side dishes are impeccable. I'm perfectly content with some delicious starches and veggies. I was looking forward to sampling their sides but our server wasn't very enthusiastic when I told him I was a vegetarian. He mentioned what he thought was good but he didn't really seem keen on selling what little they had for vegetarians. Hmmmmm...On to the food... I had mac and cheese. It was good, not great. No comparison to the green chili mac n cheese at Roaring Fork. I had a loaded baked potato sans bacon. Again, just okay. Can't really screw that up. I did find the skin of the potato to be tasty... they salted it quite well. Had sauteed spinach too... was good. I ordered a dirty martini and it was awesome! My husband was looking forward to his steak since he barely gets to go to steakhouses. He ordered his steak medium rare and was disappointed that it came out medium. He did not want to return it because we had to be at a show in less than an hour. He said the taste and quality was good but he could replicate it at home very easily for a fraction of the price. He had a tiny side of Fleming potatoes which was tasty but it was the exact same sauce they used for the mac n cheese. So don't order both because they taste exactly the same!Our server was okay. Kind of cold and I felt like he was disappointed that we didn't order more expensive items. I did like that the manager stopped and said "hi". I told him I was a vegetarian and he recommended the ravioli appetizer. It sounded delicious. He was very lively and personable. Wish he was our server...Atmosphere was weird... I expected it to be dark and hyper masculine, after all it is a steak house, but the wood paneling and extreme darkness was unnerving. With that setting you would expect the background music to be jazz or some Sinatra or something wouldn't you? Nope. They were playing top 40 from the last 2 decades. Kind of weird to be listening to U2 while eating steak and drinking dirty martinis.Overall, I don't think the experience was worth the money. Each side dish was $10. Most of the steaks don't come with sides and they are well over $30. Luckily we had gift cards, but otherwise our bill came out to $105. For under $20 I could have made the same meal and probably make it taste much better. We did have an excellent experience at the bar. My husband was drooling over the bar burger the person next to us was having. I am open to trying HH there again.
1	My husband and I had reservations for our anniversary last weekend. When we arrived we were informed that we had to wait for our table to become available. So we waited....and waited.....and waited.  We waited for almost an hour--the hostesses made no attempt to apologize and were rude when we inquired how much longer we would have to wait. Finally we were seated. Then, we waited and waited again...this time for someone to serve us. No one approached our table. Another couple seated after us were served immediately... My husband and I finally got tired of waiting and  left the restaurant. Don't waste your time and money on this place....there are too many other good choices in Scottsdale. I was so disappointed that our special anniversary dinner didn't happen...I won't be back and I will not be recommending this restaurant to my friends.
4	Four stars because we decided to cancel our reservation and went straight to the bar.  There were two hostesses: one was nice, courteous, the other one was rude and full with attitude toward the costumes. Really, we weren't in a mood to be greeted by her so we decided to hit the bar for HH.  Brian, the bar tender was great! He mixed good drinks, took our orders and the food were served in no time.
4	Fleming's is a chain and a classic steakhouse. Those two facts should paint a good picture of what to expect when you go. The food was good, but what we really liked was the wine list. We had a 2002 Jordan, and that made the evening. A shout-out to fab green beans as well!
2	Noisy at happy hour, the Salt and Pepper Shrimp (on their appetizer menu) was really a shrimp tempura served with a creamy mayonnaise type sauce.  Not to my taste.  This is no reflection on their dinners which may be fine.
1	The reason for the one star is the fact that you can NEVER get into Happy hour. People wait in line so if you get there at 5:01 you are sunk. They also save seats , so uncool. Repeated efforts are ridiculous and elbowing elderly people for a seat is not the way to go. Give me Wildfish any day!!
1	We have eaten at Fleming's a number of times.The food is pretty good , but the service has sucked each time. We mentioned to the manager, whom was not very sincere with his response. Next time Eddie V's
4	Not somewhere I usually go unless it is a business function or a special occasion.This was the case last Friday. I received a $40 off coupon from Am Ex and it was my wifes birthday. We got there early at 5:15 for a 5:30 reservation and were promptly seated. We were one of the first tables seated. Tommy, our waiter was attentive and explained the specials. We both got the 5 oz filet medalions (2) oscar style which was the chef's special for the evening @ $43.00. 2 sides and each a drink and the bill is $140 w tax.. Is it worth that much? You be the judge. The food, atmosphere, service and quality were all great. We enjoyed the meal and the $40 was the reason we came here. Could I go to TGIF or Outback for a similar experiance? Absolutely not.
3	A friend and I are on a quest to find the best steak in the Valley, so every time we meet for dinner, we choose a different steak place to try. Our visit to Fleming's was far below my expectations. I had heard wonderful things about Fleming's for their happy hour, and, indeed, the happy hour has some great options. I'll return for that. Service was decent; we remained at the bar. And there was a fantastic wine selection with reasonable prices. However, when it comes to steak: mine was overcooked (I ordered it medium) and not sufficiently trimmed (I got a filet). Sides were unmemorable.
3	Delicious Steak and good wine selection last night at Fleming's Steakhouse in Scottsdale, AZ. I had the New Wedge salad and 5oz Petite Filet. Cooked perfectly Medium Rare. Great flavor.I'm not a big fan of a la carte pricing and family style service. For me it removes a bit of the personal touch and service I think is expected.Great location for larger parties but I probably wouldn't take my date (@amywesttravel) there. A bit loud and not as many private seating options as I prefer.Overall, good experience and good food.
3	I was in the mood for great food and great service so I picked one of the most expensive restuarants in the area.  I can say I went to a steakhouse with good food, but there wasn't anything exceptionally great about Flemmings. If I was going to compare Flemmings to another restuarant it would be Oscars Steakhouse in Downtown Las Vegas with that "Beef, Booze, and Broads" feel.  Good steak, good drinks and even a waitress pumped full of botox. The food we tried included the calamari appetizer, wedge salad, swordfish, filet, crab, and asparagus side.  Everything was cooked as it should have been but again nothing that really made you say WOW after that first bite! They did have a great wine list with 100+ wines by the glass.  Our service was excellent and everything was timed perfectly and our waitstaff was very attentive and ensured we had all we needed throughout the meal, including beverages.  I may find myself back in Flemning but it will not be one of my top choices in the future.
5	I honestly can't say enough good things about this place! First - the bar is awesome and always packed so don't be surprised if you have to wait for a table/seat at the bar. The hh is amazing and goes til 7 which makes it even better. Most of the time I just stay and eat in the bar because the hh food is just as good as the other stuff! We actually did go eat in the dining room though to have a bit more formal dinner. We split the filet, mushrooms, and shrimp appetizer. Everything was fabulous and the service was even better. Really can't say enough good things about this location!
5	Awesome
4	Been once with some visiting family, very impressed with the atmosphere. It was a little dark but the food was excellent. Pricey, but I was completely happy with my chosen entree.
5	Excellent service! Zach was an excellent waiter tonight! The food was the best! I had a great time here! Prime rib was superb!!! Love it! Love it!!!
5	I'll be forthright! I'm not a fan of Fleming's 3 bad experiences in three different cities. They have redeemed themselves in this visit. Everything and I mean everything was perfect! Mashed Potatoes, Corn, Asparagus and the Ribeye was delicious and flavorful. Service was excellent!
3	If I was rating happy hour, if give it a 5star rating (burger with blue cheese and calamari are excellent, especially at $6!)  But we ate dinner the other night. Each had steak (I had petite filet). It was bland...I can't really say I've ever described a steak like that before? We had to salt it a lot. And for $200, we expected the star of our meal (the steak) to be excellent. The service was excellent, however.
1	You want over priced food with neglectful staff, this is your place. I got the gift card from costco as a gift, so I thought what the heck why not? So me and my wife dress up for an awesome night. We get there and sit at the bar, since we made reservations and they werent ready for us. So we grab a drink, the bartenders are awesome.  30 mins later we get a table, why make a reservation? The stick us at a table in the corner where it seemed really dark. Maybe I was being punished?  Little did I know....The waiter rarely came around, he was more concerned with the tables with fancy suited men with young women. After around 40 mins we put our order in. With the prices they had this must be the best steak I have ever had, right? Wrong! This small sliver of peppered meat was far from what I expected. I get better steaks from the market. After our waiter comes for the 3rd time during our 90 mins waiting, he was too busy taking pictures for those wealthy looking people, I get the check dropped on me and no questions on how the food was, or if we needed anything. Word to the wise, you want the waiters to recognize you, wear expensive suits and bring some ladies, you will be treated like a King.Needless to say, this establishment will never get my business again.
1	Oops this review was for Peoria location. Delete
5	Best happy hour in town!  carpaccio and burgers are out of this world!!!  Great service which is typical of all of Flemings. Friendly, accomodating and spot on.  Always a great atmosphere whether in the dining room or the bar. Love this place!!! Scottsdale, Tucson or anywhere! You know what your going to get!
5	High end steak house in the Hilton Village. Expected great service and food, was not disappointed. Had ordered the Prime Rib Special. Comes with Salad, Prime Rib and dessert. For the dessert the Chocolate Lava Cake is awesome being served hot with vanilla ice cream. When we first had it the price was $29 and now is pushing $40.The Prime Rib is generally prepared exactly the way you request. Top quality meats with exceptional service.We generally celebrate some occasion here so we have about 20 people which they give us a private room.Important tip, buy the Flemings Gift cards at Costco.  $79 gets you $100 worth of food.First class all the way, will be back again.
5	Great happy hour burgers (comes with cheese and bacon if you choose) with fries :) for only $6!! can't beat that!
2	My girlfriend and I went there this past Sunday for the second time.  We went previously for my birthday and had a great experience.  The food is always great and very hot when it comes out.  I love steak so it is always right up my alley.  This past Sunday's experience fell short.  Our waitress, although nice, was not attentive and did not listen to what we had to say.  We ordered an appetizer and needed it prepared in a certain way, but it did not come out as we ordered.  We saw our waitress all of three times the entire night.  My girlfriend ordered a bottle of wine which was on the "last call" list.  We waited 20 minutes before she came to tell us that the bottle was not available.  The busboy that was associated with our waitress might as well have been our server.  He was great.  He made sure everything was to our liking and even refreshed my girlfriends wine glass.  When the food did arrive, we were satisfied with it.  The two times that we have been, the food is always exceptional.  But, you can't help but notice the lack of service.  I have to say it did affect our time there on Sunday, but won't hold us back from coming back.  We can only hope that the service will be better the next time.
5	Okay so normally I don't leave many reviews unless I want to warn people not to go somewhere but I was just reading through these reviews and was surprised to see 1 star reviews due to customer service and being judged because of the way a person looks or dress. Now I've been to this location numerous times but granted I did dress in a long sleeve express shirt, jeans and a pair of buckle dress shoes. Not the nicest outfit compare to what people said that if you didn't have a suit on then you didn't get service but I decided to put it to the ultimate test and by the way every man should own 1 nice outfit at least but that is besides the point so here is what I did. I decided to go as casual as I could. I literally wore a pair of dark grey slack shorts, with a Hurley shirt and pair of old school D.C. Shoes. Now take into consideration I"m covered in tattoos as well. I had nothing nice on and even wore my ever day citizen watch which I bought at Costco for 250 bucks along with my hundred dollar gift card for 80 bucks which is always a must if you going to Fleming's. Now we went on Sunday for the Prime Rib special and only drank WATER besides a Heineken I ordered after already sitting the second time my waitress came by. Now I keep track of how many times our waitress and her helpers check on us and after 12 times I decided to stop counting. We never had an empty glass of WATER, we never didn't have service, food or anything else we needed. At one point my glass almost got half way empty before it was filled up. Our waitress was amazing and knew the menu back and forth and also was kind enough to suggest any specials they were offering. The manager on hand came by to make sure our meal was to our expectations and stayed to chat with us for a while. When our meal was done our waitress had our extra food bagged and it was not because it was a slow nice. Every table in the main dining area was full and she had her hands full. The service and food was amazing and if you looking for a nice night out and an amazing steak with specials almost all the time and a casual atmosphere then Fleming's is a place for you. Out the door for 3 Prime Rib Specials that included a soup or salad, a side (which for an extra 8 dollars we upgraded to the lobster mash potatoes which were amazing and would recommend doing if they are serving it) a big Prime Rib and dessert for 39.99, plus coffee & beer we only paid $146.00 and of course left 190.00 for the superb service. If you going somewhere nice it's just part of eating. Tip your servers if they work their butts off. Was a great night out with my mom and girl and will be back again soon. Thanks Fleming's.
4	Fantastic Happy Hour - really great food for unbelievable prices.  The burger was incredible - I think it was prime rib,  unbelievable baked brie and decent calamari.  I think there are 5 or 6 food items for $6. Good wine.  This is definitely not your hipster place - its dark ,comfortable, easy and actually cool in its own way.  A really nice change from all the "to be seen places" like  Sumo Maya, Cleo's, Crudo (which by the way are all fabulous).   Our server Hannah was attentive , professional and friendly.   Kris was the hardest smartest working bus boy on the face of the planet. He knew everything about Fleming's and was so enthusiastic and motivated.  This young man will end up as their  top advertising executive. We didn't go for dinner so this review is only for happy hour (hence the casual and only one $) description.
5	We arrived at the Hilton tired and hungry after a long day at work and traveling.  The front desk recommended Flemings and we can't be happier with that decision. The menu is amazing and the wine selection is one of the best I have seen. The filets were prepared to our desire and cut like butter almost melting in your mouth. The staff was fantastic and we would go back every time we are in the Scottsdale area.
1	Food was a 10 but service was abysmal from check in to wait staff just a disaster. Otherwise would have rated our visit tonight a 5.
3	My boyfriend and I went there for dessert. Well, I have to say that the Lava Cake was really good, but the staff wasn't. Our waitress was surprised and a little bit bothered that we were there just for dessert, and she wasn't really friendly too. I am a server as well, and I always take extremely care of my customers, with big smiles, prompting service, and my own personality. Especially in a classy place like this one, I would expect better staff. Concluding, 3 stars just for the Lava Cake.
5	Wow get there early for the happy hour menu. The food is out of this world. Two drinks and two appetizers under $25.  Best deal in town.
5	Fantastic food. Great atmosphere and service.  I forgot to ask what wine the waitress brought me but I really liked it. I will defiantly come back.
3	Went this weekend on sat night for the first time. We joined a group for a birthday dinner of total of 8 people. Waitress took everyones drink order and never asked me or my bf. Then after a while I asked a lady filling our waters that I wanted a drink and my bf wanted a beer and that we have been waiting to give our food orders. Finally got my drink but had to ask again for my bf beer. Food finally got ordered and of course im not surprised it took forever to Come out. Food surprised us all on how small it was from how the waiter explained it. Got the chefs special which I can say tasted so good but was a very small amount for the price. Lava cake was delicious! Over all the service was bad for a pricey place that that. Im giving 3 stars for how good the food was. I wouldn't recommend or go back
5	Great food and ambiance.  Great place to splurge. Great wine list and dining selections. I had fish and it tasted very fresh to be away from water. Will definitely go again.
5	Really good food with exceptional service as well. Took clients out for dinner and this is where we ended up. The meal was perfect.started with the seafood tower, Came with Lobster Tail and Crab Legs, Yum i had to order a second tower as well cause it was to die for.for my meal i went with the Lamb Chops. The bite as perfect and juicy. Ordered it medium rare. i didn't even have to use any sauce with it as well. it was perfectly cooked as it. I over stuffed myself with food because of the taste and how fresh the meat was, Tender just the way i liked it. the chew was soft and went down easily.There service is on point and some of the best service that i have seen yet, this place deserves a 5 star rating.If your in the area and looking to be wined and dined, then this is your spot, its nice and quiet here so you don't have to speak up or listen in to hear the other person.
1	Too bad the service is so terrible, I generally love the food. We went to sit down at a table in the bar (that the host told us to sit at) and the host asked us to please wait until they cleaned the table. No problem, but as we waited the waitress "gave"  our table away to someone else. The wait staff and the host stand all argued with us and the other patrons. Embarrassing for them, as the manager stood by and just looked the other way. We went to BLT Steak instead. Delicious meal there! I recommend you go there instead.
5	The absolute best burger, $7.00 on happy hour.... I would order it if it wasn't happy hour!
5	We celebrated our 33rd wedding anniversary one evening and the experience was unforgettable.  My wife enjoys a good steak and so, I thought of Fleming s. I've been to Ruth Chris', but heard so much about Fleming s that I decided to give them a try.From the moment we walked in, we were treated like regulars. We sat at a booth which was nice and comfy. Our server was Nick who was very friendly, pleasant and  was very knowledgeable, but he cleared more utensils that he needed to and forgot to bring the two knives that were removed.  We weren't rushed and had enough time to decide on our meal. My wife started with a glass of Pinot Noir and since I'm allergic to alcohol, I had water.The appetizer, Jumbo Lump Crab Cakes was not jumbo, but the crab and sauce flavors were. The salad, Lettuce Wedge, you were given a slice of bacon and blue cheese which you had to crumble yourself and my wife's Modern Caesar Salad was excellent. Main course, Newport Filet and Main Filet with a side of sauteed mushrooms were cooked to perfection and the button mushrooms are the ones I like instead of the sliced ones.We followed the evening meal with the Turtle Pie and coffee which capped off a wonderful anniversary dinner. By the time we finished our first cup, Nick was right there filling our coffee cups again.The manager came to our table several times to check on us, was friendly and gave us an incentive to come back which we will definitely use. We only saw our server once during our meal. The bus boy was terrific, he brought our missing pair of knives and kept our water glasses filled and cleared our table for us. Everyone there was so friendly and was not your typical stuffy high-end restaurant atmosphere.
4	We sat in the lounge for happy hour. Had the burger and wedge salad. They use prime beef for the burgers providing outstanding flavor. The $5.00 glass of Cabernet was very smooth. The best part of the evening was the outstanding service staff. In fact, I left my cell phone on the table and the waiter ran out in the parking lot to wave me down so that he could give me my phone. Outstanding service.
