5	Allright!  Raw vegan food in Pittsburgh!  I'm a Pittsburgh native who's lived on the West Coast for the past decade.  So it's a pretty wonderful discovery to find raw food here in my hometown!  This place uses plant-based, local, organic ingredients and sources it from local small farms according to the waitress.  They also have cooked vegetarian and meat options available as well, for parties that aren't so daring to try something new like raw food.I had a really wonderful cashew cream curry, nicely spiced with nutmeg, slightly spicy.  This was all topped with awesome pickled shallots.  It left a really great, vibrant taste in my mouth after I was done.  The "rice" was made with beets, ginger, and maybe coconut?  They had a local apple cider on special when I was there.  After moving to the west I really missed apple cider, so this was a great surprise.I finished up with a fig, cacao, chia seed pudding, which was really tasty, but took me a looooonnng time to chew.The serving sizes were a bit misproportioned in my opinion.  The entree serving was a bit small.  I would have liked a bit more "rice" to eat with the rest of my curry sauce.  The rice went super fast and I was left with lots of extra sauce to eat by itself, which I gladly did.  The desert on the other hand was huge coming with 3 separate pieces of pudding, almost as large as the entree itself.I love that they change the food here seasonally.  When I came they were about to unveil their autumn menu along with samples and an art show for $10.If you go, be sure to look down the stairs at the address.  It's a bit hidden.  I saw a couple of other restaurants around and almost missed it tucked away down there.
2	As a newly minted most-of-the-time pescatarian, when a couple of my friends suggested heading to this new restaurant, I was pretty excited. Sufficed to say, based on the 2 star review, that's about where the excitement ended. First, to my friends, don't feel bad, I love trying new places and will always be happy to do so...irrespective of the outcome.So why the low rating. Well, the atmosphere was interesting...in that it smelled like industrial cleaning products. The waitstaff consisted of one male waiter who was actually great. No complaints there at all. But the clincher was the food. For a starter my wife and I shared the walnut pate which was great, but nothing more than the walnut raisin cream cheese you can find at a bagel shop...minus the raisins. For entrees, we got the pumpkin curry and the pad thai, both of which were pretty bland (the curry was a bit spicy, but nothing else). They left a very blah taste in our mouths. Finally, for dessert, we had the pumpkin pie, which looked and tasted like stale baklava, and the pear "ice cream" (it's in quotes because it's not real ice cream, just sorbet that was food processed), which didn't taste like much at all.In all, I think the chef went a bit too far with the raw + vegan idea. It's nice to have this type of restaurant in town, but the current menu is not going to leave a lot of smiles on their customers.
1	I was really excited to try this place.  Shadyside needs a healthy, delicious lunch spot.... so I was hoping this would be it.  It's not.  First of all, Eden is a re-do of the previous restaurant, The Juice Box Cafe.   Which in my opinion, missed the boat.  I was hesitant to order once I figured that out because the service at The Juice Box was SO SLOW.  Anyhow, I have it a try and an HOUR later my lunch was brought to me (which at this point was in take out form because I couldn't wait a minute longer).  My grilled cheese panini (wasn't even put on the panini press for more than 10 seconds- it was like eating bread straight out of the bag).  I don't really get how they could screw up a second restaurant.  Hire more people, get people in and out during the lunch hours. I mean, come on... they are making smoothies and turkey sandwiches.  The food is OK, but not worth waiting an hour for. Bummer. Side note: I heard several other people complaining about the exact same thing.  Two people walked out while I was there.
4	Eden suffers from an underwhelming lunch menu. I've been to lunch twice, and while I enjoyed my healthy affordable veggie wrap and black bean burger, they were pretty boring and did not lend me much enthusiasm to return. However, the exciting looking dinner menu, posted on a chalk board, did. Not only does the dinner menu look exciting, the actual-as-in-real food is exciting, it's alive!!! Not turned on by raw or vegan foods? You're ok, they have a couple of cooked/chicken options for you. I actually love how they patronize the non-raw food enthusiast by offering a couple of things. As my dining companion pointed out, It's like putting the average eater into the position of being vegan and going the The Elbow Room, or wherever, and *choosing* from the one or two uninspired options.Anyway, I had the raw-vegan-gluten-free tasting menu for $15. Presentation was beautiful, so full of color, and every single item was wonderfully seasoned, well textured (an issue with raw foods sometimes) and absolutely amazing. I cannot even pick any favorites because it was all truly perfect. The dishes complimented each other well and the pumpkin pie was one of the best raw desserts I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and do it all over again! Having dined in famous (and expensive) raw restaurants in NY and San Fran, I without hesitation say that Pittsburgh should be proud to claim Eden. Um, Go Steelers!
4	My biggest gripe about Eden is that they just took away LUNCH!!!  Being a former fan of the JBC (Juice Box Cafe), to me, this was THE PLACE to be guaranteed a fresh, wonderfully tasting, super fresh lunch that's free of all the stuff that I hate (GMOs, soy, dairy, etc.).  But due to seasonal ingredients, they will be stopping lunch hours over the winter.  ( I will miss you Turkey & Avocado Sandwich... ).However, this place is still awesome for dinner if your palate is adventurous and you love seasonal food!  Since I have tried the Mushroom Kale pizza, I really don't want any other kind of "pizza" out there.  This is not your traditional pizza (thank God) as it comes on a dehydrated spinach and sunflower seed "cracker" that has cashew spread, barbecued mushrooms, fresh-sliced tomato, kale leaves, and fresh oregano.  I've had this TWICE now because I absolutely crave it!  This pizza just screams FLAVOR in every bite - and every flavor just works with the next.  The pumpkin pie that is currently on their menu also?  THE PUMPKIN PIE OF ALL PUMPKIN PIES!!!  Again - THANK YOU to whomever created that masterpiece!  My Mom was appalled that I refused to eat hers this Thanksgiving after having a piece of what Eden serves.  But even if you're not "thrilled" with creative, fresh, veggie meals - they do have dinners that contain fowl.  My boyfriend got the Chicken Tikka Masala, which was very delicious.  However, our one gripe about that dish was that the "non-bread" served with it was just warmed-up pitas, not real "non-bread".  Besides that, the dish was full of flavor!!!One of our favorite spots in ShadySide!!!
3	I am NOT a vegan or a vegetarian, but trying a new place in the burgh is always exciting.  My bf (vegetarian) and I shared the sampler tasting which consisted of all the raw vegan dishes on the menu and Eden mole with tempeh.  the raw dishes were delicious (beet ravioli with almond cheese topped with a basil pesto and raspberry lemon "cheesecake" were our favorite), but if you plan to order the sampler for dinner, prepare to order more dishes since the overall size is quite dainty.  it's definitely fresh and creative. The Eden Mole on the other hand was eh.  it was ordinary and tasted more like an OK Indian dish spiced with too much garam masala.  It's an interesting concept and maybe just not my cup of tea.  Their raw foods are definitely their strong part of the menu and I would say it's definitely worth it to try it at least once.  BYOB with $2 cork fee/person.
5	Eden offers a great selection of vegan, vegan raw, and even carnivorous options! My fiance and I have been there twice already in 2 weeks... We were so in love the first time -- the second time was just as good! The winter menu is just that -- winter vegetables, so I was incredibly impressed by the selection. We've ordered the sampler as well as the marinated pizza and tempeh tacos. ALL OF IT was amazing. The sampler is a great deal ($15 for a sample of the whole raw menu), but we were still hungry so we split an entree. I want to take the tempeh tacos home with me. Seriously. Not raw, but soooo good. GO to Eden. Seriously. If you are a vegan or vegi-sometimes, It's a great experience.
5	I went to Eden last night with my girlfriend, and we had an amazing time! The ambiance was little date-like, but considering my company, it was fine. It's a pretty small, but cozy little space, the kind where the person eating next to you might ask what you're eating, but I personally like that. So, the food: Since it was our first time there and being sort of unfamiliar with raw food, we decided to order the sampler plate that let's you try all 9 raw items on the menu (3 apps, 3 entrees, and 3 desserts) and one hot dish. The sampler plate was simply amazing! There wasn't one thing I didn't like. Of the appetizers, my favorite was the curry salad. The curry flavor was just perfect, not too overpowering. And since there were apples in the salad, the sweetness really complemented the savory curry flavor. The beet ravioli was delicious as well. Of the entrees, my favorite was the vegetable "pizza." It was so crunchy and flavorful. My girlfriend really like the zucchini spaghetti. The sauce was delicious and the cashews really did taste like parmesan cheese. Now, the desserts. The desserts were OUT of this world! I could not get enough! I thought the raspberry cheesecake was the most delicious thing I'd ever tasted, but the coconut crumble and the mint chocolate were literally almost as delicious. We were both so so happy with the food. Definitely worth the $15 we spent on it.We ordered the joloff rice as our hot dish, and it was really good as well. We ate every last bit. Often times peanut dishes are really dry, and after eating a bit, you just can't handle anymore. That was not the case with this dish. It was the perfect moisture and the flavor was oh so good.On top of that, our server was just so super friendly and knowledgeable. Overall, we really just loved our dinner, and I would certainly recommend it to anyone interested in trying something different!
5	Wow!! If your taste buds are ready you have to try the winter 3 course Sampler. I travel a lot throughout Illinois, Kentucky, Ohio and Pennsylvania and it is very hard to find good raw vegan restaurants. I am so glad that I found Eden on this trip to Pittsburgh. The food was so good I had to eat there twice on the same business trip. The staff is very friendly and the food came out quite fast. I asked them to make my favorite smoothie and the chef was glad to oblige. I call it the Monkey Shine - Spinach, Banana and Lemon. You gotta try it especially if you are in need of a jolt of energy.
5	Delicious food, personable service, calming atmosphere, reasonable prices.  This is the healthiest and most delicious food I've ever eaten in Pittsburgh.  Go there.  Try the zucchini spaghetti and the beet ravioli and the recently added joloff.
4	Food: Eden specializes in raw gluten-free vegan food, setting in apart from almost all restaurants in Pittsburgh.  The menu consists of raw vegan appetizers, raw vegan entrees, prepared vegan entrees, and raw vegan desserts.  When they say raw vegan, they mean it.  These are uncooked vegetables with no dairy or animal products whatsoever.  However, upon request, they will accommodate carnivores with free range organic chicken added to a meal.  We ordered a soup, one entree, (the tempeh mole) and the sampler.  The soup was carrot based, cold, and was a special item for that evening.  Although the waiter warned us that it was 'mild,' it was loaded with flavor and delicious.  The mole was from the prepared menu and comes with the option of tortillas on the side, which we recommend.  It was flavorful but not too spicy.  The sampler comes with small portions of all three appetizers, all three raw unprepared entrees, and all three desserts.  Everything we were served was delicious and loaded with flavor.  Despite being vegetarians for years, there were items on the sampler that we had never tried at a restaurant, like 'steak and potatoes' that was actually dehydrated mushrooms and creamed cauliflower, and 'french fries' which were uncooked dehydrated cabbage.  The best items we tried were the beet ravioli, the marinated veggie pizza, the zucchini pasta, and the banana pie dessert.  The menu changes seasonally and there are daily specials.  This is one of the most unique menus in Pittsburgh.  Vegetarians and vegans will be in paradise, and their adventurous carnivore friends will too (and there is chicken if they aren't keen on veggies).Price: Appetizers are $5-6, entrees are $8-13, and desserts are $5-7.  Their extensive drink menu ranges from $2-7 depending on whether you are getting a shot, juice, or smoothie.  As mentioned above, two of us shared the sampler and a regular entree.  We were still a bit hungry after dinner.  If you plan to order the sampler to try everything (which I recommend), I would also order one entree per person because the samples are very small (1-2 bites).  The entrees aren't huge, so you will be able to finish one per person and the sampler, and you will be glad you ordered it.  The prices are fair.  The portion sizes aren't huge, but the quality and variety of the ingredients is impressive.Drinks: Eden is BYOB with no corkage fee.  They also have a crazy-huge list of homemade juices, smoothies, and other healthy cocktails.  Most drinks come with some type of super-food in them, and they are all delicious.  They're a bit pricey, but loaded with combinations of ingredients you would never put together at home.Atmosphere: There is both indoor and outdoor seating.  We did not make a reservation and got a table on a Friday night, but by the time we left, it was very busy and there was a wait for a table.  The outdoor patio is separated by a fence from the Girasole patio.  There are large and small tables.Service: Both the manager and our waiter stopped at our table many times throughout the course of our meal.  Our waiter explained every menu item extensively and thoroughly so that we not only knew what was in each plate, but exactly what combinations of flavors to anticipate tasting.  They refilled our water often, answered all of our questions, and brought the check quickly.  The service was excellent.  They both explained that they are always trying to develop new menu items and appreciate customer feedback.(+): delicious and healthy food, exotic foods and drinks, helpful and friendly staff, great concept(-): a bit pricey relative to the serving sizes at other restaurants (likely due to quality of ingredients)Would I go back again? Without question, both for food and juices/smoothies, to get more of what we have already tasted, and to taste the new menu each season.
5	Great service, really good food, and they have chicken for those who aren't vegans/vegetarians. Try the raw platter, 3 courses of food for only $10! Will come again.
5	Delicious, beautiful, incredibly creative raw vegan food. I can't say enough about this gem of Shadyside. I've been to many a vegan restaurant that does terrible, greasy vegan food the way a diner does omnivorous food. Eden offers "General Tso's Chicken" and "Mac n'Cheese" and still manages to not be anything like that at all.Split the raw tasting platter with your dining partner ($15 for all 9 dishes - they're all worth it), and a hot entree if you're feeling less adventurous (we did the tempeh & kale -- magnificent).The raw cheesecake is a standout, as are the mac n'cheese and last night's soup of the day (fresh gazpacho with melon and mint).
4	I read about the long wait times but I was in no rush so I went to check it out. Vegan food isn't really difficult to find in Pittsburgh but finding a new one is welcome.I was in at noon on a Saturday (and, as previously commented, it's a little less obvious than other places on the street) and the server noticed me right away. The artwork apparently changes: I saw some great spooky photos in equally awesome frames.I went with the black bean burger; there was no vegan cheese left because they had used it all for the soup of day: broccoli cheddar. Well, that's a great excuse if I ever heard one so I'll also have that. Oh, it comes with it? Sold, sir, sold...
4	***Update, Eden no longer offers lunch, which I think is for the best, given the previous mediocre options - though had they offered choices akin to their dinner menu, I'd vote hellz yes to raw lunch. This past week, I tried the spring raw tasting menu. The portions seemed smaller this time and I preferred the fall flavors in general, but I am still a total fan and I think that $15 is a fair price. The raw "mac and cheese" was pretty impressive, as was the vanilla ice cream cake. We also tried a hot dish this time, the tempeh mole. I did not care for it because it did not have ANY vegetables, just tempeh and sauce with rice. But my partner really liked it. I will be interested to taste how Eden treats the bounty of summer.
5	Amazing food! Really enjoyed the complexity of these dishes.  Very unique and the service was fantastic.  I'll definitely return here again!
5	Outstanding food, good ambiance, attentive waitstaff. What's not to love? Go for the tasting menu (small portions of all of their appetizers, entrees, and desserts). It's a hard call, otherwise, to pick the best dish, and the tasting menu's ridiculously cheap.
5	I had such a great experience here a few nights back! I've been wanting to come here for dinner for quite some time, and I guess I chose the right night. They just started offering their new summer menu, and it is fantastic. I choose the 3-course Raw Menu sampler, which lets you try everything on the raw menu for only $15! And I will add - it was awesome! I will note that if you are very hungry or have a big appetite, you probably want to order something in addition to the sampler.The starters included the Coconut Crusted "Fried" Onions which are dehydrated onions with a coconut breading and it is as satisfying as eating real onion rings, except much healthier. The first course also had the Cucomber and Watermelon soup (which to me sounded unappetizing but was surprisingly good) and Fresh Fruit with "Goat Cheese" (which is not actually goat cheese, but rather a cheese made from buts, fruit, and seeds).The 2nd course was my favorite. If I were to pick one of these entrees to order, it would be a tough choice. The Zucchini Ravioli is probably my favorite, but the Nacho Bowl and Stuffed Tomatoes where also surprisingly delicious. I don't typically eat vegan food, so when I am eating nachos and don't even realize they are vegetarian (there is a beet and pumpkin seed filling that you could mistake for beef), it means it is a pretty good meal.Lastly were the desserts. This was my least favorite course, but only because I have a major sweet tooth but also LOVE dairy and so it is really hard to thoroughly enjoy a vegan dessert. That being said, they were still good.Service was also good - both the hostess and waitress were very friendly and attentive.
5	Every dish that my husband and I tried was EXCELLENT.  We ordered from the raw menu, which I was skeptical of, but it was delish- I ordered the "ravioli" zucchini w/ cashew cheese and the coconut-onions.  My husband ordered the "chili." We will definitely return shortly.
2	I ate here this past Friday night for dinner with my girlfriend and three other dining companions.  Before heading here I had looked at the menu online and was excited to see that it was BYOB (no corkage fee) and also loved that there was a dinner entree that was a small sized tasting of everything on the raw menu.  Whenever we queried the server about the raw menu tasting, she explained that it would not be enough food as a dinner for any of us but would make a good appetizer for a few people.  With that in mind we decided to order two portions of it to share with the table.  In the mean time I also ordered the Pickled Vegetable Tacos with tempeh while my girlfriend ordered the lentil cake lettuce wraps.  The tasting started off with the appetizers which consisted of a shot of cucumber and watermelon soup, coconut crusted fried onions and something else that eludes me at the moment.  I found the soup to be refreshing while everyone else at my table disliked it.  The onions I think that I would have enjoyed but the pieces were so small that I was barely able to pick up on any flavor.  Next out was the entree portion of the sampler which contained a zucchini ravioli, nacho bowl and stuffed tomatoes.  These all had some interesting flavors to them and while I did not really think that they were good, they were not bad either.  Since we had all ordered entrees, the waitress thoughtfully brought those out next saving the dessert portion of the tasting for the end of the meal.  My entree looked good whenever it came out and ended up being satisfactory.  I think that it lacked some flavor but at that point was the best thing that I had tasted.  My girlfriends lettuce wraps were also decent but not great.  Finally after we had all finished off our entrees the dessert portion came.  It had on it a chocolate avocado and banana mousse, lemon and raspberry tart and coconut zucchini spice cake.  This was easily the best part of the meal as all of the desserts were good in there own ways.The bottom line for me is that I would probably not head back here again.  With that being said I am glad that I tried it and enjoyed a few of the items that I tried, however, it just isn't the place for me.
3	I recently came here for brunch on Sunday.  Not really many other options in the immediate Walnut Street vicinity, so this seemed like a good one.  I ordered the Fried Egg Sandwich, which comes with cream cheese, a fried egg that came with the yolk a bit runny, some lettuce and tomato.  The tomato was very tasty and fresh.  The lettuce was ... well lettuce.  The egg... was well an egg and the cream cheese was kind of just.... well there.  It was OK, mind you, but just nothing special.  I totally could have made this at home, and probably made it taste a lot better.  The flavor was pretty much non-existent, it definitely could have used some salt.   Nonetheless, I ate most of it b/c I was starving.  I definitely plan on coming back here though, b/c I feel this place has a lot of potential and I haven't tried their raw menu.
5	My wife and I had a great dinner here.  She is gluten intolerant and the waiter (Theo) was  very knowledgeable and helpful.  You have to try the 3 chili stew. Spicy, delicious, and filling.  Their "goat cheese"  is made from nuts and is fantastic.  It  was a great meal and we are going back today for brunch.  Definitely put  Eden on your must try list.
5	So fun! We split the tasting menu and the pickled vegetable tacos between two people, and we each got a smoothie. The waitress told us that we wouldn't have enough food (as in we should order the tasting menu and two entrees) but with the smoothies we were both stuffed by the end of our meal. The food was fun and creative, they did some really nice things with the textures of the different dishes. I felt like some things were misnomers (are slices of cucumber with pesto in between really comparable to ravioli?) so don't order off the menu blindly...try the tasting menu the first time you go! My blueberry and coconut smoothy was amazing, and the tacos were really good. Everything was fresh and service was good, it's nice to have something different to try when you want to go out but also want to be healthy! Can't wait to try the brunch menu!
5	Fantastic food! Some of the best raw/vegan food I've had anywhere, and I've been to most of the big name restaurants in NYC, SF and Chicago.I had the 15 course raw tasting, the tacos and the stew. All were phenomenal. Highly recommended.
5	Great food at a good price. Good for vegans, vegetarians, gluten intolerants, and carnivores alike. We had a couple juices, the ravioli-- really smartly done with thinly sliced cucumber instead of pasta-- the chili with tofu, the kale salad, and the watermelon cucumber soup. The dressing on the salad was addictive, the raviolis were light and delicious, and the chili was very hearty and super filling. The watermelon soup was a bit salty. Our server was very attentive, friendly, and helpful. If I lived in the area I'd be here once a week but unfortunately I'm in NYC where good vegan eats are $$$$.
2	I went there with my fiance and some out-of-town friends (all are vegans/vegetarians to varying degrees) and everyone thought there was just something lacking about the food. One of us ordered the sampler - the portions were so tiny that it was a very unsatisfying  meal for the price. Two people ordered the BBQ Tempeh and both were disappointed with the flavor - the sauce tasted more like tomato paste than any bbq I'd ever had. Another person ordered the Seed Crusted Oyster mushrooms which ended up being the most flavorful dish although the mushrooms themselves were tough and chewy. I love the idea of raw food so I'll give this place another chance. Let's hope they work out some of the kinks in the menu by then!
5	This restaurant had delicious raw fudge and great sea " pizza". But I got the cashew cheese plate dish along with the sea pizza and crumbled the leftover cashew cheese over the pizza and it tasted a lot like cheese pizza! But overall it's a great place to go to if you want a great meal and have healthy food.
4	At first I was skeptical about raw food - only hippies eat that weird stuff. Then Eden convinced me otherwise. The food was genuinely good with creative spins on how to incorporate different ingredients.  I had the veggie burger which was presented on some square cardboard looking "bread".  I was amazed by how interesting it tasted.  I've never had anything like it and would definitely go again to try out their other things. Surprisingly, the food had a lot of flavor for something that looked so...raw. The place was a bit expensive but I believe that it was worth the price. The food was healthy as well as filling (surprisingly)
3	This place is very quirky and reminded of a place I would find in Los Angeles. The service was great and the menu diverse. Even though it's a raw, vegan restaurant, cooked food and meat were available. My only qualm was that everything was too salty, as though to compensate for lack of cooking. The desserts were delicious, although the crusts of the pies too salty. I think I drank six glasses of water, which was way too much.
4	I finally got around to trying Eden, and it was everything I expected, and then some!We had a reservation for Friday night at 7, and we had a small table near the kitchen.  I don't remember what the corkage fee was, but there was a corkage fee.  The service started off great and lasted through the entire meal.  We started with the beet carpaccio (tasty sauce, strange texture, still delicious), and shiitake ceviche, which was amazing with the vegetable chips. The ceviche was a bit on the small side, so I'm glad we ordered 2 appetizers.For our main dishes, the fiancee had the spicy cauliflower with tofu and I had the peanut lentil curry with tofu.  My only reason for taking off 1 star is because I specifically asked how spicy and peanut curry was, and my waitress assured me it was not spicy at all.  I know I can't handle that much spice, but wow, it was a bit too spicy for my taste!  On the other hand, my fiancee thought the spicy cauliflower could have tripled in spice.  We ended with the cardamom and strawberry cake, which worked out well because i loved the strawberries while the fiancee inhaled the brazil nut cream.  I loved the atmosphere and the service was great.  Not overly attentive, but fast on the water refills and service.
5	I love this place. Everything on the menu is artistically crafted and delicious. The prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food you receive. Yum!
4	There aren't too many places in town for gluten-free-me and vegan-former-roomie to grab brunch together. We always feel well cared-for at Eden and leave full and happy. The egg dishes are all tasty, the side salad they come with is fresh and nicely dressed, and I like being able to have a piece of gluten-free toast on the side. The vegan, gluten-free waffles loaded up with everything and anything are delicious as well, especially if you get a fried egg on the side and stick it on top.Juices and smoothies are very generously portioned, and I'm partial to the Blue Moon. Vegan-former-roomie is more of a Green Juice girl, which is way too healthy for me but she seems to like it. Coffee is hot and good, service is always friendly, and there's very rarely a wait for a table. Extra special bonus points for being very conscientious about cross-contamination, neither of us has ever had a problem after eating here.
5	Extremely delicious. Creative. Kind. Beyond Satisfying. Cool. I will come back every time I am in Pittsburgh!
4	What a wonderful little hole in the wall! And Eden is definitely the definition of "hole in the wall" - if I hadn't been given the address to look for, I never would have found it. It's on a lower level and tucked away between two other businesses in Shadyside. But clearly the word's gotten out about this place, if it's managed to stay around for three years already.Disclaimer: I'm not vegan, vegetarian, ect., nor do I need to eat a gluten free diet. I know a lot of people who are, though, and they consider Eden a little piece of heaven in a city that otherwise doesn't always offer the best options for them. As for me? I have to say, Eden's food is pretty darn yummy. I ordered a delicious penne dish with the expected noodles, plus tomatoes, squash and zucchini - all of it slavered in a coconut Alfredo. I ordered chicken to top it off and couldn't have been happier with my choice. It was amazingly fresh (it had multiple organic ingredients) and very tasty! My only complaint: I would have loved for there to be more tomatoes and squash in the mix. I love me some pasta, but you can never overdo the veggies and fruit, either. While waiting for your food I recommend getting a cup of tea while here. I ordered the red berry tea and fell in love with it pretty quickly. I'd come back just for a pot of that! But also because I'm dying to try their salads and maybe their banana bread with walnut and Cinnamon butter. Yum!So, why only 4 stars? One, the place is very small, so if it ever gets busy the cozy little cafe space I enjoyed tonight could quickly become a very uncomfortable sardine can. Two, they have a very tiny, seasonal menu. Honestly, I can easily see people having trouble ordering something here if there's too many obscure ingredients in all of their dishes. Never good! But neither of those two things happened during my first excursion here, so maybe my concerns are silly ones.Now, when do I get to go back and try some more of their current menu before it vanishes? This is a must!
5	Funky Sunday brunch. Reservations a must. Eclectic menu for vegan and non-vegan alike. Reasonable prices. Great service. Will be back when we visit our daughter at Pitt again.
5	Delicious! I've had dinner there, and brunch, and thoroughly enjoyed both. I'm not vegan -- I'd describe myself as vegetarian-ish (bacon is  a vegetable, right?). I loved everything I had at Eden, and I could have real eggs and butter with my brunch. When I ordered tea, she said "I'll bring you our list," and I knew I was in good hands. It arrived in a pot, brewing from loose tea leaves, too.The fennel-apple salad is particularly wonderful.
5	I. love. Eden. Why? - Great service; they are always knowledgeable and don't look at you like you have 3 heads when you ask them about their ingredients or mention your food allergy. - It's small, intimate, clean & simple. - The food is DELICIOUS. Even my husband who is the farthest thing from GF or vegan absolutely loved everything we ordered from the raw menu. In my opinion, their chef is one of the most skilled I've ever encountered because they are making delicious dishes that you don't at all feel like you're missing out on stuff from (as you sometimes do with GF/vegan dishes). - Everything is fairly priced for what you are getting. - Their raw desserts are AMAZING and have no added sugar! I love love love Eden- I only wish they had more hours & more locations :)
5	I have always been a fan of eating on the healthier side, so I thought Eden seemed like a great place to go for Sunday Brunch.  It's located in a lower level shop in-between other shops, the outside is very timid and cute.  Walking in, you could see the entire eating area which holds roughly about 30 people.  Pieces of art hung on the walls for sale, and very eclectic style decor.  The waitstaff were all very polite and knowledgeable.  Service was a bit on the slower side, but there were only 3 girls working the floor.  I ordered the vegan and gluten free waffles that came with vegan butter and local maple syrup.  It was absolutely outstanding for waffles and being gluten free.  I also ordered the Energizer smoothie which was also perfect!  A smooth blend of kale, spirolina, raspberry, blueberry, and apple.  If you're intimidated by having kale in a smoothie, just try it, you don't even taste it! I will, without a doubt, be returning to try the winter menu and more brunch menu items!
5	Everything here is delicious. I always take my out-of-town visitors here, even when they are not vegetarian, and everyone has loved it. It's a great addition to Pittsburgh's vegetarian dining scene. Also great for people who are gluten-free.
5	Excellent. I can't believe how reasonable the prices are for such sophisticated flavors and interesting dishes. I'm not even a vegetarian! I've heard the menu changes with the seasons, so I will definitely be back soon!
4	It is becoming a Sunday tradition to wander in to Eden for brunch.  They have a small outdoor seating area that is fun, if you can get it.  Eden offers vegetarian and vegan choices galore.  Today I had a blueberry smoothie and an asparagus and mushroom omelet, cooked to perfection.  For those of you who miss quiet storm, and even those who don't, this is a great addition to PITTSBURGH conscious eating scene.
5	Brunch at Eden is a real treat.  I went on a Saturday and must say I was impressed.They have these drinks with stivia sweetener.  Get all of them.I had an Omelet and it was  well made.  I can see what people see in this place.  The food sounds more comlex then it is and really what you get is just tastey non pretentious vegetarian meal. Prices and service were both good.  Not the best ever but more then fine.  I will go back.
4	Ate here only once (so far), for brunch, but it was great! And the price was great too. We got (vegan? tasted normal) waffles with fresh fruit, and a curry omelet which was interesting and delish, and came with carrot soup. Satisfying meal, and not at all greasy or heavy like so much brunch food. Will be going back soon!
5	Really delicious, tasty, vegan food. It's the perfect spot for a date night, with its location on Walnut Street, quiet and mood-lighted ambiance, and quality of the meals. I love that their menu is seasonal as well, I've loved everything I've ever tried there. The plates are prepared beautifully, and heartily! I was hesitant to visit at first looking at the price range, but you get a HUGE plate of food for 11-15 bucks, and it's almost guaranteed you'll be taking half home with you. I'm excited to try going back for brunch!
4	This place gets lots of stars just for being what it is... the rarest of the rare (literally).  A raw restaurant is such an amazing thing to find, and in Pittsburgh no less!  Though Eden isn't 100% raw, a good portion of the menu is.  And, it is all vegan.  I actually ordered from the "hot" portion of the menu.  I don't eat raw as a rule, and I'm not insane.  Unfortunately, my Mom was insane and, never having before tried raw, she ordered the "pierogi" special.  Even my friend who goes back and forth between raw and strict vegan ordered from the "hot" menu.  Oops.  Well luckily, my Mom isn't reviewing Eden.Raw food is for people who eat raw.  And, considering how small the raw foodie population is, the "hot" menu is great for everyone else!  My two friends and I ordered the "Creamy Green Bean Noodles".  MMMmmmmm!  So good!  The noodles tasted just like rice vermicelli to me (but they aren't and they're healthier - score!).  The broth was SO GOOD!  We followed up with a dessert - the strawberry shortcake.  It was super tasty.Eden would get 5 stars, but they were out of a good portion of the menu (3 regular items and 2 of the 4 desserts), and my party felt really rushed at the end.  For the price we paid for veggies, and I know they are gourmet veggies but it is still pricey, I would have loved to not watch the kitchen clean up and cooks leave out the front as we were trying to enjoy our desserts.
4	Super fresh food.  Fun, bohemian atmosphere with waitrons with colored hair and piercings.  Very friendly and welcoming.  Healthy meals that use fresh local ingredients and are made to order.  Innovative food couplings.  If you at all like to eat for health, then this is in the top three restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	The food was insanely good, the waitress was super nice, and the atmosphere ruled. Also they have cute little cards on all the tables with icebreaker questions which is really fun. It's BYOB, also. Go here if you want vegan food that doesn't feel like it's missing anything! I'm not even vegan and I loved this place so much.
5	This place is the real thing! One of the best raw/gluten free/vegan restaurants I've been to, with decent prices. The staff is super helpful and accommodating, and the food is very fresh. The raw food is very satisfying and I would definitely recommend it if you're looking to try something a little different.
3	Nice to have a raw vegan friendly place in Pittsburgh. The food tasted good but was very expensive for the amount of food you get. I ate an entire meal and dessert and left feeling like I was ready to eat another whole meal.
2	This place has been on my radar for forever! Every time I tried to go they were closed though. Shame on me for not checking the hours, but they aren't open for lunch on the weekdays when I find myself in Shadyside for meetings.The menu looked tantalizing. I love veggies and absolutely don't mind the restaurant's approach to gluten-free and vegetarian food. I zeroed in on the Vegetable Scramble which had assorted veggies, back eyed peas and avocados scrambled with organic eggs. I was hesitant about the gluten-free toast, I usually don't feel like gluten-free toast is any good, but that may have been the best part of the meal!Unfortunately, the scramble was very bland. It had everything going for it, all the right ingredients, but lacked any flavor. I doctored it up with pepper and salt, but it still didn't do much. I also got the red pepper soup, which tasted bland as well. The only difference was when I added salt and pepper to this, it tasted a little better. The highlights were local Gryphon's Tea (love the Chai!) and incredibly friendly service. Other than that, I was disappointed. Especially with all the glowing reviews! Hope it was just an off day...
4	Oh how I love thee, Eden!  I am a huge fan of raw and vegetarian places but unfortunately they are few and far between in Pittsburgh. I adore the surprising twists they place on transforming food. I have been here for both brunch and dinner multiple times. Not once have I been disappointed. On my latest visit we ordered the raw perigies and oyster scallop salad. Both were great but the oyster mushroom 'scallops' was by far my favorite. Even though we were both quite full, we managed to follow it up with the raw carrot cake - simply delicious. Unexpectedly flavorful and so so creamy. If you do find yourself here for brunch, I highly recommend the Coconut, Oat and Almond Raw Cakes. They are just ridiculously good! I get cravings. Enough said.Overall, prices are great, it's BYOB, atmosphere is fairly intimate in the evening and service is generally pretty good. Definitely worth a visits if you are up for something refreshing and different.
5	Wow, this was seriously the best brunch I have had in a LONG time. A bit bummed they don't open until 10 AM on Sundays, but so worth it. The jackfruit crab sandwich with avocado and tomato was the best vegan sandwich I have ever had -- a beautiful replacement for tuna salad that really replicates the texture and chew of chicken/tuna with the jackfruit. We also ordered the raw coconut, almond, wheat cakes and they were phenomenal. It is hard to not get raw food to taste dry, but these cakes were paired beautifully with fruit and dips that really brought the textures together. The smoothies are really tasty, but a bit pricey. Great artwork on the walls. I wish I lived closer to Eden to go there every weekend!
5	If I'm on my best-of-the-best, healthiest behavior, I generally find navigating a restaurant menu to be a chore. Usually lamenting my choice to even 'go out' for a meal instead of preparing a healthier option myself. The amazing thing about Eden is that it entirely eliminates that first scenario. I'm not suggesting that everything on the menu is going to conform to each and every person's ideal of a healthy meal, but I would venture to guess that most people would find the majority of Eden's offerings to fit well in their individual ranges.The second great thing about Eden is that once you've gotten over your giddiness at your new freedom of choice, the options available are tasty and creative. I've been here for brunch and dinner on multiple occasions and I've yet to find a dish with which I wasn't pleased. I tend to shy away from 'faked' items like cheese and sauces, but someone here must spend a lot of time perfecting these because I'm consistently wowed by either the accuracy or the superiority said ingredients. It could also be that I love cashews [a common ingredient in the faked cheeses]. Nevertheless, should you be of sound mind and similar conscience toward living a 'mostly' healthy, plant-based lifestyle, you'll find a tons to love and few complaints about Eden. Sadly, you can't really make a chocolate torte 'good for you,' but their desserts are damned delicious too. Sorry. Maybe opt for a juice or smoothie!
3	Was a decent, healthy brunch. Was happy to go there, but the service was not that great and while the food was very healthy and i'm sure fresh, it often lacked flavor. There were some highlights, like the mushroom chili. I've had far better green smoothies that i've made at home honestly. But is worth a try for any health nut.
5	Fantastic real food. Juices, smoothies, raw options, vegan offerings, non vegan as well. Everything super yummy. Coffee was delicious with that sweetness you usually get from cold brew (it wasn't cold though and I don't know if it was cold brew). My family and I had brunch, even the most carnivorous were very pleasantly surprised and happy!
4	Eden is a wonderful vegan and raw food restaurant that doesn't try to be anything more than what it is. The menu is small and changes seasonally, which is lovely because you get a whole new host of choices every time you come back. The staff are always friendly and knowledgeable, no snobbery here! My friends and I love to come to Eden when we're aching for something a little more high-quality, and it always delivers.
4	Had the raw pizza from the $15 menu. Really unique and flavorful! Definitely a gem, though I recommend ordering takeout, as their service isn't nearly as good
3	I recently had dinner at Eden on a Saturday night, with my husband and a friend visiting from out of town. My friend has some dietary restrictions, so we thought this would be a good place to try. She seemed disappointed with her Spicy Kohlrabi Noodles, which were less flavorful than she'd hoped for. My husband and I started by sharing the Cheese & Pate, which was good but not great. Then he had the raw Ravioli, and seemed content but not full. I was the happiest with my entree - Truffle Mac & Cheese - though it's also probably one of the less healthy items on the menu. For dessert we all shared the Pumpkin Cheesecake and Double Chocolate Pecan Torte, both of which were delicious. Keep in mind that the restaurant is BYOB, and they charge $1 per glass. I may try Eden again, but it probably won't become a regular spot for me.
5	AWESOME GF Vegetarian/Vegan food tucked away in the Walnut shopping block in Shadyside. Friendly staff, generous portions, casual atmosphere. Fantastic brunch! A must try for all.
