4	3.5 stars. New York style deli very much like Miracle Mile, except family owned and just done better. Ingredients and preparation match authentic NY delis for me. However, my friend who has had more experience going to such places in NY says its lacking. I think he's just suffering from a nostalgia complex, I don't know how you could make a Straw sandwich any better. Although, technically the family who runs it are New Hampshire/Massachusetts transplants. They also supposedly have the best hot dogs. I have seen them and they are extremely large and impressive looking. I don't eat hot dogs, but I'm guessing they are awesome since I have eaten their sauerkraut which is money.Gets the bump to four stars for having some cool photographs of Phoenix architecture through the centuries.
4	The sandwiches here are simple - bun, coleslaw or sauerkraut, cheese, and meat.  Almost too much meat; I got the meat sweats.  BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich was delicious, and I had to eat it with a fork 'cause there was so much pork (good BBQ sauce, nice and tender pork).  The Straw (pastrami) sandwich looked amazing as well.  Next time I think I'll go for a half sandwich, half salad or something.  Oh, they also do potato pancakes, which is pretty neat (although they looked pretty thick).  The sandwich and a fountain drink cost me about $9.50, so it's not that cheap.  Sticklers is cheaper, Duck & Decanter has more choices and seemed healthier, but if you want a heap of tasty meat with your sandwich, this is the place.
4	All around great.  Great food, great atmosphere and great location if you work in the downtown area.
4	Envision this........ slices of warm pastrami piled HIGH on top of your choice of bread (mine is the Rye) with perfectly melted cheese on top with a crunchy pickle.  This is one of my new favorite heart stopping lunches to have when I am work.  I have not been here more than 3 times BUT I think about Downtown Deli all the time.Some workies enjoy the giant hot dogs and other meaty treats.  This isn't somewhere to eat everyday, it needs to be viewed as a treat considering it isn't the healthiest of choices but it sure tastes gooooooood.Downtown Deli is in a good location situated downtown (how clever is that?!)  The staff is friendly and the place is bustling with business at the lunch hour.  They are quick, they know how to get you and out in your lunch hour or lunch half hour.
4	The Downtown Deli is my go to whenever I'm jonesing for loads of meat or a fat juicy dog. I've had every meat sandwich on the menu over the last 10 years and my favorite is the Skyscraper. Mounds of Corned Beef & Pastrami w/ melted Swiss, Dijon slathered on Marble Rye, with a side of French fries, a pickle wedge, and large Root Beer. I'm not a huge hot dog fan but I'll break down once in a while and go for the 1/4 lb all Beef Dog with Straw. It's a pretty darn good dog! The dogs go for around 3 bucks and the specialty sandwiches start at $8.25. But they are well worth it. Warning: This is not the place for people who are looking for a light meal or can't stomach a Motha of a sandwich. You will get dirty looks from waiting patrons and you'll throw the line cook off his game if you ask for a healthy alternative to the specialty sandwiches. Stick to the menu and you'll be just fine except for needing to take your belt out a notch; no harm in that.
5	I went to the Downtown Deli looking for a decent pastrami sandwich, and boy did I find it!  The pastrami is melt in your mouth perfect and the fries are excellent.  This has become my favorite guilty pleasure for lunch.  If you're feeling adventurous, try the Vic's Madness sandwich. Yes, I know a pastrami, egg salad, and swiss cheese sandwich sounds strange, but it's incredible.And the best part is that the service is so fast you can get in and out for lunch quickly.
5	I was walking by here today and some saw friends eating out front. They welcomed me over to share lunch with them. I'd been planning on another place but as soon as I saw the pastrami I was hooked. I got in a short line (although about 20 people got in line right after me) and checked the menu. The way they were throwing the sandwiches together reminded me of Primanti's in Pittsburgh. They had a no nonsense-we know what we're doing-kinda attitude. There was no frufru on the menu, just great meat with a few "specials". I got the skyscraper which was a great, fresh bun piled with corned beef and pastrami. Then a slice of swiss and some deli mustard. Perfect! I grabbed a side of sauerkraut and a drink. We sat out front and I can just simple say that everything was just perfect. Cheap and tasty, and without a waitstaff, there was no tipping needed!
3	Steer clear if you care about your body, enter if you are looking for a tasty way to shave precious years of your life.  What they have done is basically take a simple New York style Deli concept and made it appealing to the local Phoenix crowd.  The thing is, when I was living in NYC, I could afford to eat meals like this because without a car I walked an average of 3-5 miles per day.  There is simply no excuse for this type of excess in a driving city like Phoenix.  You'll spend 2 hours at the gym to burn off lunch here.  My prediction is that 50 years from now, when all the patrons of this place have died of heart attacks, the next generation will look back on this food the same way we look back on asbestos: it seemed like a good idea at the time, but boy was it a killer.
4	My boss and I go here at least once a month. She calls it good Jew food; I call it happiness between sliced marble rye.Not surprisingly, The Downtown Deli offers shovel-fuls of sliced meat between your choice of bread, often with a side of fries, always bound to sate your appetite. Admittedly, I'm a light-ish eater and quickly fill up, but The Downtown Deli becomes a great solution to having tasty leftovers to remind you about why working downtown makes sense.I just love The Downtown Deli. It makes be feel very metropolitan and sophisticated. Because, what else gleans class than a packed belly and pastrami breath?
5	Best Deli in the valley!Best corned beef and pastrami I've had in AZ.Like a Deli straight out of New York. Make sure you go Hungry because the portions are very big!
4	Was in the office a couple of days ago and a group of us went to this restaurant especially for their pastrami sandwich. For $10, I order the pastrami on marbled rye, no cheese, fries and a pickle wedge. My buddy ordered the Skyscraper, which is a stack of corn beef and pastrami. YUMMY!The pastrami is cut thinly and is pretty tasty. The whole sandwich is so fresh that when you bite down, it just melts in your mouth. This is definitely one of my favorite lunch time restaurants.
3	I am trying to venture out of my shell and try different places for lunch at work these days.  Today I decided to come here, since its been a while since Ive eaten at this Deli.  From what I had remembered, it was good, so I hiked on down to try it out.When I entered, the Deli was pretty quiet. It must have been the "Friday lite" lunch crowd.  Lots of business people like myself eating here. I forgot how expensive this place is.  I saw that they had a BBQ Pastrami sandwich special going, so I went with that.  I got fries and a pickle, and I ordered a pop as well.  Guess how much I spent?  $9.25!!!  OMG!!!  TO MUCH TO MUCH!!!  Granted, I took home half a sandwich, but honestly, what a rip off!  The food wasnt even that good. Im not even excited to eat the leftovers when I get home.  this place isn't what I remember it to be, and just wasn't as good. I think its way overpriced, and the food is mediocre.  Save a few bucks and go somewhere else.
4	Downtown Deli is a staple for a lot of local workers. Not for me though, I hadn't been even though I've worked across the street from there, and I live just mere blocks away. Finally took the trip and was very pleased.My initial reaction was mixed. It feels like a dining hall inside or even like a dark corridor with six-tops scattered throughout. In the back of the restaurant is the sandwich line, with some of the nicest sandwich makers I've ever seen. Oddly, this is somewhat the norm downtown. You go in these old places and there are people who have worked there forever and just are in their workplace having a great time. That attitude when you are dining can be infectious, and contributes greatly to your experience.My sandwich, the Straw, was a generous portion of Pastrami, sour kraut, and swiss cheese. Some may say it's a boring standby, but I say a Straw is a great way to judge a deli. This place made it right. Their prices are not cheap (lunch for two with only one drink, $20) but I don't mind paying a little more for the extra friendly service and generous portions. It's not a place that I can't wait to go back to, but I can't imagine anyone being unhappy with their meal here.
3	I'm in a two week class in downtown Phoenix and this was the first place I hit up for lunch.  I was there on a Monday so I ordered their panini special of the day, cheese, bacon and tomato, with fries.  My panini was just okay, they aren't high quality ingredients so you can't expect too much.  Some of my classmates ordered some of their fresh sandwiches and those actually looked a lot tastier.  I did enjoy their fries, they're all battered and crispy.  According to the local who recommended this place their mac & cheese is fantastic but I didn't try it.  Service was really quick, I got there around 11:30 and there wasn't much of a line.  If I gave this place a few more tries I'm sure I'd find a favorite item and bump up my rating.
5	I work downtown, and this is one of our regular haunts on Fridays when we go out as a group.I typically get the Skyscraper on an onion roll.  It's piles of corned beef and pastrami, topped with swiss, on an onion roll, then served with french fries and a pickle spear.  The guys and ladies behind the counter are always awesome, and they even come around and pick up your trays when you are finished!Though it's not the cheapest lunch (around $10-11 for my lunch with a drink), it's not out of the normal range for lunch downtown.  And you will never go away hungry.  This is definitely one of those places you will go and need to take a nap after lunch.I can't recommend Downtown Deli enough, it's one of my favorite places to eat in Downtown Phoenix.
4	A craving hit me....one I love but don't indulge in often...Egg Salad sandwich. I am probably one of very few people who will order it when I see it on a menu. Having only been to the Downtown Deli once before, I did recall them having one on the menu.So doooown the 8 floors of stairs I go ( I have to earn the egg salad). As I walk in (just before 2pm) it was relatively empty.   I stopped and stared at the menu. One of the guys working there highly recommended the pastrami, even giving me a sample over the counter. Now I was torn....until I saw my answer.  The best of both worlds...the Vic's Madness!  Egg salad AND Pastrami.....I chose the marble rye as my base. First an egg salad layer topped with another piece of marble rye then a generous stack of pastrami a couple slices of Swiss cheese and topped with another slice of rye. Never enough mustard, I added extra deli mustard to both layers of the sandwich. Choosing the french fries in a rush, I wish I had gone for the potato salad or the fruit cup. Don't get me wrong the fries are very good, extra crispy and seasoned just wish now I had taken that option. At $9ish without a drink it can seem a little pricey relative to Subway (which is just another block or so up the street), I can assure you that this is MUCH better!! Now I have "half" a sandwich (technically a whole) left for later....
5	This historic deli is one of a handful of places Downtown where I've never had a bad experience. The pastrami and corned beef are the best in town and the French fries and chicken noodle soup are brilliant co-stars. Downtown Deli is definitely a place to go if you're eating in because the walls are covered with interesting pieces of Phoenix memorabilia and it's always busy at noon, making you feel as though you're smack dab in the middle of a bustling urban environment. One tip: You'll want to bank on taking an extended lunch because digesting a Downtown Deli sandwiches is a real chore. Of course I mean that in the very best way.
5	The best lunch in downtown!I recommend Downtown Deli to all my coworkers and clients that visit.Being two blocks away has advantages.Has a feel of big city mom&pop deli with the trolley steps from the front entrance. Historic pics on the walls.Pastrami on rye is delicious.SkySrapper is good on a very hungry stomach. It's big.Chili goes great too.Their fries are crisp and wonderful.Don't miss lunch; they close at 3pm.
4	I ordered the club sandwich on marble rye.  The ham, cheese, and bread were good.  The turkey was fresh, but I did not like it.  It seemed too salty and smokey.  I loved the pickle and french fries.  The pickle was nice and crisp and the fries were bad-for-you goodness.  I called ahead for my order so I did not waste my lunch hour in line.  Next time, I will go through the line and try a different sandwich.  This place is a solid lunch time choice.
1	Dude. Why are they such jerks? Total attitude from the time I walked in to paying the bill. I ordered a sandwich and the guy behind the counter gave me some meal deal with half a sandwich. Then when I asked why I only was given 1/2 sandwich the woman at the register said something to the man in a different language, he said something back to her, she rolled her eyes and put out her hand to accept my credit card. I was almost going to tell them where to stick their 1/2 sandwich but i had read good things on here about the food so I took it and left.Food was meh. Bread was cold and stale. Pastrami was nothing special. Don't bother.
3	This place is very big and the times I attended there were only a few people inside, which is relaxing when you're trying to eat. I had breakfast and dinner once and both were great. The breakfast burrito was fresh and hot, the service was prompt and courteous and the owner was very friendly. It was his convincing that brought me back for lunch and a tasty pastrami sandwich, piled high and full of flavor, it hit the spot. The prices were fair as was service and decor (plenty of pictures on walls) for a deli.Good for a quick, local bite when you're in this area of Phoenix.
4	Seriously the best pastrami downtown, and all of the valley as far as I'm concerned. Its a little pricey for lunch, but highly recommended if you want a real deli style sandwich. This place has been around for a long time, and while there are numerous (and good) sandwich options downtown, I think this joint is a step above just for the quality of the product.
4	This place defies being stuck in a single category. Their menu is a bit eclectic and my only regret is not getting to try more of it.This place was right around the corner from my hotel on a recent business trip. We liked it so much, we ate here a couple of times. I'm sorry Alex P. felt that he was getting attitude. One of my coworkers asked if he could have the daily special from the previous day because he had liked it so much. They told him it wouldn't be a problem and fixed it right up for him. The food was good and reasonably priced. I was there in April and enjoyed getting to sit outside on their patio and enjoy the awesome weather.
4	I had a nice lunch here on a hot summer day. $12 for a good pastrami sandwich with crispy seasoned fries and an iced tea. Definitely recommend the food.Line was very short on a Friday afternoon. Soda machine ran out of ice, but they filled my cup with ice from ice maker in back and quickly filled machine with more ice.
3	This place is good. If you are downtown in PHX and are looking for a place to get a good meal, not spend to much and either fight the crowd (during lunch time) or be alone (pre/post lunch time), this is the place.More of an eatery than a deli, as I couldn't fathom ordering a half pound of ham with my order (actual delicatessens are rare out here). They do make a good meal and pretty quickly as well!
5	Love love love this place - the only bad thing is they have 1 location -I drive all the way from N Scottsdale to downtown Phoenix for their fresh deli sandwiches.  I always get the poor boy with everyhting...they always put the right amount of dressing and veggies and of course fresh meats - it's huge ! so come here with a big appetite - one of the truly REAL New York style subs...going to get one right now ;)
5	This place is great, only problem I had was deciding what yo eat.  You walk in and the smell of great food over comes you.  Staff was very helpful and the food was very good and lots to choose from, everyone in our party was please with their lunch.
2	This was  my first time here, and since it was downtown and lunch time, I decided to call to see if they validate for any  of the nearby parking garages if you eat there. Called up, a man answered, told him exactly what I said above, and was told  " yeah, there sure is, the Chase garage." So I park there, and upon asking for validation I am told they do not do that. I let the woman know that I called and was told otherwise. She then rudely tells me she is the owner and only her and one other person answer the phones. I tell her I talked to a man, she then hollers to the back asking someone if they validate, and the man says nope. She  then tells me I must have misunderstood. I did not misunderstand, the person who answered the phone must not have been listening to my question....so on top of my overpriced and mediocre sandwich, I had to pay to park. People here were rude, and I felt like I was being rushed the whole time even when it was not busy.The only positive thing I can say is that the place was very clean, if you do try this place I hope it's better than my experience.
4	Have now eaten there twice. Both times the meal was good. From the front it appears to be a very small place. Once through the automatic opening sliding doors you enter a long room with approximately 100 + seats. Mirrors on the wall to the south and pictures of old Phoenix on the north wall. Open, clean, neat. I believe there is a few tables outside the sliding glass doors. But too hot to do that at this time of year. Both times they had a special of the day for around $7.00. I got the daily special which was a sliced beef sandwich with fries, pickle, drink. I got some horseradish to go with it and enjoyed the meal. The servers are not what I would call overly friendly but they have always been very nice had helpful. I am not always the easiest to help as I don't hear as well if there is background noise and usually need people to repeat themselves. They handled this well. No a hearing aid will not help this as they also amplify the background noise. Why a 4. When you judge them with the other fast food places where you go in just to get a fast meal and go? They are much better than the run of the mill franchised sandwich shop. Another nice thing is they buss the table. I will more than likely eat there again. Enjoy
3	I went here yesterday while I was out downtown and ordered a corned beef sandwich on an onion roll. Contrary to the menu posted at the front of the deli, which mentioned potato salad or pasta salad as a choice of side dish, I was automatically given fries as a side, which was fine by me. My corned beef was satisfactory, but I have definitely had better. There is also not a large selection on the menu, but the list of menu options works for a restaurant of this size. This makes for a good and convenient lunch destination if you work downtown and want something other than a burger or a sub, but next time around I will probably go with my gut and choose Baja Fresh.
2	Quality was okay and food is kind of bland. You can see the sheriff come in here quite often during lunch time. Don't try to get breakfast menu items past 11, they'll say no. Also don't try to substitute and make sure you get what you want and not what they push you to get. Sides are optional but are good.
3	I had a brief window of time so I came here after taking a quick glance at my yelp app. Little did I know there were so many better options...B R I E F  S U M M A R Y-- Busy lunch spot-- Cafeteria style-- Reminded me of a deli you would find in a big city like New York-- Not a whole lot of healthy options-- Sandwiches come with a side of fries or you can ask for other things-- Skyscraper on onion roll was decent-- It's NOT like Subway where they ask what you want-- They make what they make and don't explain much-- Condiments were limited-- Coleslaw was OKI ended up with a Skyscraper on an onion roll (recommended by the staff). There was a whole lot of corned beef and pastrami stacked on  the roll and some swiss too. I added some deli mustart from the condiment rack. It was warm, juicy and flavorful as those meats should be. I just had the feel of like a New York deli. There wasn't a whole lot of customer interaction. At least not what I get in California.The food was decent but if I had another chance to grab lunch in downtown Phoenix, this wouldn't be my first or second choice.
3	I visit this place here and there with co-workers and have never been disappointed. I am not very adventurous so I usually get a turkey sandwich on kaiser and fries, really good fries actually. Sandwich and a drink get close to $11, not cheap for sandwich. Lots of seating and interesting historical pictures of Downtown Phoenix on the walls, worth a visit.
4	This place is near work and decent as far as lunch and being able to find a place to sit.  They are average as far as cost but food consistently meets expectations with generous portions.  Nice to browse some of the old photos on the walls.
5	Starting off with AMAZING BRISKET!!!!I was walking around this side of town and stumbled upon this deli and I decided to pick up some lunch for myself and my boyfriend who works in this area. Well I walked in and it was empty which usually isn't a good sign but it was 2:00 PM and I figured the lunch rush had come and gone by then. Besides the lack of people I did notice how clean and organized everything was, I liked that! I spoke to the gentleman behind the counter and asked him what the most popular item was and he said the Pastrami or the beef brisket. Since the boyfriend eats anything I got him the Brisket and he offered up some fries with that. I had a hard time understanding much of what he was saying like types of bread for the sandwich or whether I wanted a pickle with the meal but no big deal. Well to put it lightly the Brisket was friggen amazing. I am a very picky eater, I cook well so it is tough for me to eat out because I know I can cook better.... but this sandwich was out of this world tasty. The roll was soft and fresh, the beef was tender, full of flavor and juicy! I will be back!
4	Got my lunch here today on a co-workers recommendation and got the Skyscraper I heard about. With 9% sales tax it was almost 11 bucks but gotta say, pretty darn good and really filling especially with the fantastic fries. I try to bring lunch with me most days but once or twice a week I buy lunchs, almost every place in downtown PHX is costly but these guys were really good, they were very nice and they might see me once a week from now on.
4	Tried this place today for lunch w/my new coworkers and boss and was instantly a fan! Love the NY/metro vibe and menu options!Sandwiches seem to be on the higher side, but don't worry - they PILE on the good stuff. I tried their Chef Salad and it was pretty tasty but was a little disappointed they used mainly iceberg (I'm a spinach/Romaine girl).
3	Went in for weekday lunch. There are a lot of options. I got a half sandwich (the Americana ciabatta?? That's what I thought I ordered but the website tells me there's nothing called that...) and was a little weary of the $5.50 price - however, when it arrived, it was the size of a full sandwich with lots of meat and toppings. Also, the sodas have free refills. Some drawbacks was the parking - there's no where close and it's all pay - and the tables were really sticky. I didn't see anyone wiping them down so who knows how dirty they were?
5	My favorite lunch place downtown! Stick to any of the pastrami or corn beef sandwiches. My personal favorite is the New Yorker. Pastrami (or corned beef if you prefer) with cole slaw and russian dressing..mmm. Their other sandwiches are pretty good too (I've gotten a turkey sandwich that was good and the deli chix sandwich was ok). Now, you have to be on your toes when ordering as they move pretty fast, which is understandable considering the big lunch line. Fries are the default and you have to speak up if you want something else. Mac and cheese is good. Salad and fruit are good options if you're trying to mitigate the damage done to your diet from the sandwich.  I also like all the historical photos of downtown Phoenix and the owners' story. Mix of all different business types, lawyers, etc.. Makes downtown Phoenix feel like a real downtown.
5	I used Downtown Deli today for a catering order. A year ago a client had brought us these amazingly good sandwiches, I had a ham sandwich on a Kaiser roll. I was so thrilled because I love a good ham sandwich, the ham and bread are they key elements! I decided to use Downtown Deli for a client seminar we had since the food was good and the box lunch is nicely prepared. When I placed the order, Glenn asked me how I heard of them and I raved over the ham sandwich! I was pleasantly surprised to see a box lunch right on top with my name and inside was a ham on Kaiser just for me! The oatmeal cookie was nice and soft and well appreciated for the mid-day snack crave! Thank you again for your thoughtfulness and on-time delivery!
4	I was delighted to find this genuine deli serving delicious authentic food. It is an oasis in a land of franchises. Corned beef on rye and lox with cream cheese on bagel were soul satisfying. If I lived in Phoenix, I would be a regular!
3	I really wanted to like this place since my man hyped it up so much but I was left unimpressed. We walked into this little mom n pop shop and I was excited since it had that old look that so many delicious gems have, and was delighted to see a big hunk of juicy looking meat on a slicer. I saw the menu and Eric said his favorite was the skyscraper so I was like hell yeah I'm down. I was kind of expecting the girl to start moving that meat on the slicer for some fresh pastrami and corned beef, but I was let down when I saw her scoop some meat off the counter that may of may have not been sitting there for a while. The next disappointment came when they started stacking the meat...since the sandwich was about $10 I expected it to be so big we could barely fit our mouths around it (which has been my past pastrami experiences) but it was pretty damn small. We ended up sharing it, but I was still hungry afterwards and not for any more from here. The meat and cheese made for a pretty dry- nothing worse than a dry --sandwich-- and that was enough for me to never come back (by choice).
2	Just finished my first trip to the downtown deli. Service was quick and polite even during the busy downtown lunch rush. I was a bit put off by the prices as this place was rated at one dollar sign. Ten bucks for a sandwich is definately not worthy of that distinction. Add in fries and a drink and my lunch total came to almost 14 bucks. Not ridiculous, just a bit more than i was expecting and a bit more than it was worth.I had the skyscraper, a pastrami and corned beef mountain with "melted" swiss cheese. I say this because my sandwich was barely luke warm to the point that the cheese not only didn't melt it was cold. The fries were kept in a steam table tin at the counter and tasted it. They were edible but barely so. The quality of the meat was actually pretty good and the only thing saving them from one star.Overpriced and underwhelmed.
5	I always enjoy seeing a thriving family owned business. We ate the New Yorker with fries and it was delicious. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top of pastrami. The French fries were crispy and appropriately warm. The staff was also very friendly.
5	This place rocks!!!  A real deal deli with awesome employees.  My only complaint is that they removed the sign that read " Please order cheese" .   I work near by and eat here often and will be a customer for a long time.
3	** Update: I still LOVE their food here, but I always seem to get attitude from the man behind the steam pans. For example, I walked in today for their chicken enchiladas. He gruffly barks at me, "We're out!". Ok buddy - take it easy - I order their homemade chicken noodle soup instead which I lOVE.NOTE: The staff at cash register are *always* friendly w/me and joking, it's just the man w/the moustache who is a bit prickly. He has a sour scowl on his face everytime I'm in there.
5	Amazing pull pork on onion roll. I eat a lot of bbq and this has been by far the best and a very healthy portion. Such great service. I am new to downtown and didnt realize they were closing and they still made me lunch. On top of that the owner talked with me for a while about downtown and their food quality and process. It is great to hear from someone who loves their business that much.
2	With ever increasing choices to dine downtown, the downtown deli used to be a great choice but not so much anymore.  While they do have plenty of reasonably priced items the main attracting is their Pastrami Sandwiches.  Recently I ordered a New Yorker Sandwich which comes with fries starting at a little less then 10 bucks.  The sandwich was good but their extra charges add up.  They charged me extra for cheese and some other charge which I was not sure of.  My drink was also an additional 1.99.  For a lunch total of 14.00 dollars for a sandwich fries and a drink.  Pretty pricey.  If I was getting mounds of pastramis like they used to put on the sandwich I would have felt like I got the value.  But the portion size are just average.  So I would say stay away if your on a budget or want more for your money.
3	I've eaten here a couple times. Breakfast ends at 10am(?) so no ham n eggs today. Got the panini special it was ok. Came with a dill pickle slice and some good French fries. This is old school NYC food here, nothing trendy, just a classic deli. I think it is family owned/operated- hard working immigrants, interesting accents, etc. You order at one end, closed buffet style, good to look at food ("I want that!"). My meal came with a drink, had to wait for my cup, fill yourself, get your own napkins and condiments. The wifi wasn't working, oh well.
4	Fastest place to grab a bite during lunch hour food is good prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly.
4	This place is all about the food, which is really good meat and cheese on bread, and lots of it. Love their french fries, and the New Yorker sandwich is my favorite. Don't hope for ambience, cuz there ain't none. It was a pleasure to go today, because downtown is a ghost town, so it wasn't crowded at lunch time. We got our food fast, and found a place to sit down right away.
