5	I was expecting to pay for about 50% view and 50% food at this place when I got the bill. This is a rotating restaurant at the top of the Stratosphere Tower! We had lunch there and spent about 45 minutes or so. The ride to the top is included with lunch. The restaurant itself is tasteful with lots of elbow room. Our view started with the west side. Not too much to look at besides mountains and the college, I think. It gave us a good chance to look over the menu. It was pricey and I expected as much. I ordered a $14 club sandwich. The view shifted to the strip and it was neat to see every hotel and the unseen rooftops and pools. In the daytime, the strip is surprisingly a very ugly place with all the construction and empty lots. I'd imagine that this is a much better view at night with all the lights. Our food arrived and I was very impressed. I'd have to say that I was eating $14 worth of club sandwich. All the ingredients were fresh, it was large and tasted great! A wonderful indulgence. By the time we were done eating, we were looking at the downtown area. It didn't look like much from this point of view, but I guess it wasn't designed to look good from above. It was kind of neat to see the flight patterns of the helecopters on tours of the strip. One flew by at our level about every 3 minutes. I'd eat there again.
5	This restaurant is located at the top of the Stratosphere tower, which is about 1,150 feet high (almost four football fields).  It's worth coming here for the view alone - seeing the Strip at night from such a height is a breathtaking experience.  The base of the restaurant gently rotates so your view is constantly changing.  It's not noticeable and is a really nice touch to get a view of the entire valley.  The food is very good as well, and the service was attentive and courteous.  It's quite an expensive meal, especially at dinner, but you're paying for the overall experience.The restaurant also has a photographer that goes around and offers to take pictures, which makes for a nice keepsake.
4	The view is breathtaking, and will cloak your experience in awe.  Come at night and the place is dimly lit to highlight the miles and miles of lights below.Service is well done and unobtrusive.  When we were there we enjoyed the Prix Fixe meal for $150/2 ppl which included appetizer, salad/soup, entree, and a kitchy chocolate dessert that modeled the tower itself.  We also shared a half bottle of wine so the bill came to slightly over $220.Food is secondary to the rest of the experience, but it was pretty well done and sufficient for me not to complain.  We had a kobe beef and lentil leek appetizer, lobster bisque or the house salad, sole burre blanc with haricot verts, and the chocolate dessert mentioned above.  All of it was tasty, but a little heavy (in terms of portions and butter) and didn't suit me well for the prolonged evening after.  Two thumbs up, overall.
3	Okay, I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago for the biggest gathering of nerds, techies, rocket scientists and geeks on the planet.  And yes, I admit, I'm one of them, and yes, we are HOT.Anyways, it was time to make a decision for dinner. The choice was to either have dinner with my fellow co-workers from out-of-town at this place or eat by myself at another hotel buffet (ugh, not another...).So, simple enough, join the group.The view is indeed spectacular and the service, attentive.  But, and a BIG BUT, the menu was predictable and boring consisting of your typical red-meat Black Angus Schmangus shit, salmon, and sea bass (woohoo) and pairing it with sides like garlic mashed potatoes (good gawd),  asparagus (yippee), plus salads (Caesar's, told you they're predictable), and soup (lobster bisque, oh come on), desserts (creme brulee....lord almighty)I got the lamb chops which was, ehh, okay but cooked a bit too rare.It's a revolving restaurant, so please, do yourself a favor and mind how much you drink  because I don't want to pick you 1,000 feet down, your pea brain splattered all over the sidewalk, nor smell your fucking puke in the elevator 104 floors up!  And don't get lost going around in circles trying to find the restroom. It's always been on the same spot, it's the table where you're seated that's moving, dumbass.Good thing it's on company expense because I'm not going to spend this much money on this place. Minus 1 more star for the looong ass way getting to this restaurant. And stop frisking me already, I'm not going to bomb Stratosphere, you TSA wannabe!
5	Now forgive me for the tardiness of this review. I haven't actually been to the Stratosphere in years, but when I did, this was the place I wanted to go to. They've since figured out that they won't let you book reservations then skip 'em to get up the tower for free, but I imagine the food is still good, and there's still that business of a 1HP motor that keeps the view spinning about. Or maybe it's that I've been there 4 times and never once had to pay a dime for it? Yeah. That's the one.Several of my trips included the chef's summer special "Tornados and their sauces," which was, as it turned out, three delicious lumps of fillet mignon each with a very very good sauce. Don't forget to ride the Big-Shot after your meal. It'll help it all settle.
4	I love it here. Great place to go if you want to be fancy. Not the finest food in the world, but the view is unique to Vegas. The service is great, it should be, it's pricey enough for the okay food. Still gets 4 stars though. It's a great experience. Ride the rollercoaster at the top of the casino afterwards!
5	I've had lunch at the restaurant, and spent the past 2 New Year's at the lounge, and I love it.The first New Year's I spent here, there was an amazing buffet (the levels below the lounge, I believe). The tables were decorated with elegant ice sculptures, and there were tables of seafood, fondue, and other fine foods. The food was delicious.The lounge is a great place to spend New Year's. Everyone gets all dressed up, and you're away from all the crazy party people down by the strip. You get the best view of the New Year's fireworks from up top.It's a place to go at least once in your life...
3	First, you should know the food was delicious so this poor review is not for the food.  This review is for the service.  Absolutely horrendous.  I made a reservation a month before maybe even two months before and when my party arrived we had to wait for 1/2 an hour.  Yes a whole 30 minutes to be seated.  When I asked what the problem was I got excuse after excuse.  That is unacceptable.  I want a table not a reason why you do not have one of which is not even valid considering I have a reservation for 20 minutes ago.  After being seated the waiter took forever to take our order.  We did get our drink order in but unfortunately (and maybe this was because no alcohol was ordered.. hey people I know I know.. it's Vegas and all but we had a bottle service waiting for us and well...  two bottles and six girls...  no drinking at dinner...) only the ones who ordered soda were given refills.  The rest of us were never asked if we wanted another drink... another strike against.  The bread... what bread... they don't serve bread.  Actually they do but it came just before our meal which was about 45 minutes into the dinner.  Also, finally....  The waiter was chewing GUM!!!  So gross.. I am sorry but this type of restaurant should not even allow gum on the premises.  yuck.  Needless to say after the meal I spoke with the manager.  of course my little professional side came out and I was very straightforward and as polite as one can be when explaining about how unacceptable the service was for the evening from beginning to end.  He asked what he could do for me.. I responded, "we have already paid the check, what can you do for me"?  So, he bought a round of drinks for me and my girls as well as made sure to not only sit us at the best spot in the bar but also escort us up to the bar.  That was very professional and gave him points but all in all this restaurant was a bust.  Food... very good... service... not worth the food...  make of it what you will
5	I couldn't pass up a rotating meal. The meal was amazing. I will never forget the lobster bisque. The view was "o.k." as i wasn't by a window. I was there during sunset which kept going in my eyes. Someone also proposed in front of us too. Aww. If you want to check this out I recommend just going to the lounge. Its the same feeling of the dinner just $100 less.
4	The food here was good, but wasnt' over the top impressive.  Go to this restaurant for the view mainly, because even though the service was great, and  cant reallly complain about the food, the journey to get there was a hassle.  The location of this restaurant is sooo out of the way, cuz it is at the end of the strip, "old vegas", then once you're in the hotel,  you have to go upstairs, way ALLLL the way thru their mallll, then take 2 elevators before you are up there.   Too much work, and that would make me never go here again.
4	Similar to other folks, I give the view 5/5, and the food 3/5.    It's certainly not that the food is _bad_, just that it doesn't live up to the prices.  we ordered the four course tasting menu with wine.  The food was good, not great; the wines were uniformly tasty.  Some of the wine-food pairings were questionable - one dish was a roasted lamb chop served with a sauteed sea bass.  the served strong red wine tasted nice with the lamb dish, but wine accentuated the fishy flavor of the fish dish, which I don't think was the intended effect.  Desserts tasted good, and were very well presented.Overall, I would definitely recommend it for a romantic or memorable dinner.   In my opinion, _don't_ order the tasting menus, as the extra cost in food isn't worth it here. Order an app, an entree, enjoy the wine menu and recommendations, and save room for desert.  The view, however, is worth the cost, especially around sunset.  I'd suggest coming ~30 min before sunset, so that you get some lighted view, and get to see most of the lights on.    last 2 tips:  every seat has a great view, and there is free valet parking at the hotel for anyone who has a reservation at the restaurant. turn right when you come in the parking lot.
5	Amazing! My Hubby took me here for my 30th BDAY what a rememberance of my Birthday! The food was so yummy! Worth the price, try and spread your meal out so you get to rotate completely around the strip! fun times and romantic!
4	If you like a good view and can handle being extremely high up, then the Top of the World is an impressive place to dine and experience some of the best Vegas has to offer.  Most people don't have high expectations (pun) of this restaurant given its location at the Stratosphere, but first timers seem fairly surprised and impressed as the place features beautiful decor, a fabulous view, excellent service, and food.My favorite item here is their delicious filet mignon.  It was cooked just perfectly (medium rare), with just enough juice, savoring the succulent flavor the poor cow had waiting for me.  Its easy to split a bottle of wine with a romantic date here as it can get incredible intimate here and with a beautiful strip view, full of lights and glamour, it makes for a very interesting proposal spot (which I'm told happens weekly here).
5	So, the Fella and I had a great spontaneous weekend in Vegas.  Business trip layover that turned into a little holiday for us, complete with show and gambling.  Yay!  The Fella had heard through the grapevine that lunch at the Stratosphere was delicious, and a bit of a better deal than the dinner, so we tried it out before I schlepped off to the airport.  Pretty much everything on the lunch menu was around $20, and that included the price of the ride up to the top.  After our meal we were also able to go to the indoor observation deck, and would have gone to the outdoor deck as well, but it had closed due to a lightning storm.Let me say, I was a little nervous... not about the height, but about the rotation.  I get seriously motion sick, and even just the swaying of the tower could make me ill.  Fortunately, it seems that the circumference of the rotating area must be larger than other rotating places I've eaten, because I was able to enjoy the sweeping mountain views, and the top notch prime rib!  The Fella isn't usually an atmosphere kind of guy, but he LOVED it (the steak helped, too).  We'll be back!
4	I think I had the best fettuccine Alfredo of my life here.  The sauce was buttery and creamy and just excellent.  Our first day in Vegas, staying at the Stratosphere, we decided to do lunch at this restaurant and get it out of our system.  We also opted to do lunch here over dinner figuring that we'd get a better price for lunch, and I believe we were right.The view was incredible, however if you're not looking out over the strip, it is a bit boring and drab.  It's a desert, after all.  The most amusing part of the view was when the rides on the top hung over and we could see the people on the Insanity... which was humorous alone since I noted to my companion "you'd have to be INSANE to go on that" before I knew the ride was actually titled Insanity.  The food was very good.  As I said, the best Alfredo sauce ever.  And the chicken breasts on top were cooked to absolute perfection... I actually enjoyed the chicken more than the fettuccine.  I also ordered the Fromage du Jour from the drinks/dessert/appetizer menu, which I have to say I was a bit disappointed from.  The cheeses were Mozzarella, which was excellent, a Parmesan, which you can't really eat alone but worked great to crumble over my pasta, and a Reggiano which smelled like ASS and almost turned my stomach.  It tasted no better than it smelled either.  There was also some sort of compote on the plate that tainted some of the cheese and fruit.  I guess if I'd liked the compote it wouldn't have tainted anything, but I didn't care for it.  All in all the price wasn't too extravagant, but we did get one of the cheapest dishes on the menu at $14.  The staff was nice, the atmosphere incredible, so it's worth the 4 stars.
4	one of the only places that I could eat at while in Vegas.  I am not a fan of Las Vegas at all, but this restaurant has excellent food.  nice wine, and fantastic views.
3	My bf and I went to this restaurant for our 3 year anniversary and I have to say that the hype about this place is a little over rated. I mean, the view is beautiful and it is kind of cool how the place rotates so you can see all of vegas, but besides that it wasn't as great as I thought I would be. First off, the food is very limited and everything is over priced. I ordered lobster ravioli for $38 and all I got was 6 raviolis and a lobster *tail* which was more like a very small piece of lobster meat. My bf ordered a filet mignon that barely had any flavor and cost $44. The only item I really enjoyed was my garlic mashed potatoes (($8). Other than that, the service was poor. The waiter didn't even come back with my change AND I waited 30 mins. for the change. I was gonna tip him more, but since he never came back, I just let him keep the change.
4	This restaurant doesn't have the best food but it definitely has an awesome view of the whole entire Las Vegas when dining.  The setting is a little dark, intimate, and romantic.  If you want a great atmosphere for a date, this is a place to go to.For the most part, most of your money will probably end up from buying wine, and other liquors.  The service was great from most of the servers.  Our main server had a hard time looking at us when talking to us.  I think that's probably the worst part of the whole thing for me.  Everyone was at our beck and call when we needed them.  If we wanted something, they were ready to get it for us.I'd go again, and again.
1	My girlfriend booked reservations here a month in advance.  As you can see in other reviews we too had to wait 45 minutes still to get a table after our reservation time.  That didn't bother us really but the food did.  Terrible.  Anyone who thinks they have good food probably ranks Burger King as their favorite burger.  I had the lobster ravioli-the portion was ok- but after one bite I was creeped out by its taste.  It comes with a baby lobster tail, that I literally had trouble cutting w/ a steak knife because it was so tuff and stringy.   We also had Alaskan King Crab legs-  You could get fresher crab legs at shithole here in Chicago in Chinatown.  They're fishy and just plain low quality.  My girlfriend loves shrimp and ordered the shrimp scampi-she at about two shrimp before the toughness and grainyness creeped her out too much to eat.   She also had mashed potatoes-somehow they managed to come up with a unique taste to make mashed potatoes bad.The view is great-thats it.  Go here if you are just want to sit in the lounge and drink.  The seafood is so bad that even if you love seafood you will not want to eat it for awhile after eating this garbage.  The inside is somewhat rundown as well.  Our waiter barely could speak english and was actually helped by other waiters at somepoints because they could see (or have seen before) that we could only  make out half of what he said.  If this place weren't on top of the stratosphere every review would say "I wanted to puke after one bite of my meal."  The prices are expected for the atmosphere, but to have such a great atmosphere and a terribly run place is ridiculous, but I guess expected since no one would ever need to go there twice with it being in Vegas.  They know they can bend you over and they certainly do.
3	Great view, nice people, take grandma if she has never been out of Roundup, MT or Raymond, WA. Restaurants like this have their place and I wouldn't knock them as simple done well is better than complicated done poorly. If you like interesting dining however, take a pass and go get a nice bowl of pho or hit the Indian buffet. Either would surpass this place but getting granny in the door of the Indian buffet might be a harder sell.
5	If you don't mind driving through the ghetto, you'll enjoy the best view of Vegas (unless you want to shell out the big dough for a helicopter).  Forget the overpriced dinner, grab a Kobe burger from their lunch menu, and stay for an amaizing sunset...head for the lounge & sit-n-spin baby!
5	The view alone was worth the price, but the food was excellent as well.  Especially after trying out some of the more trendy restaurants in Vegas that weekend, it was nice to get some big portions for the coin that I was shelling out.  We had the lobster bisque, the shrimp scampi, caesar salad,  and steaks.  Too stuffed for dessert, but everything was fantastic.  Bill came out to about $160.  Great for the quality and quantity of food that we received!
5	Amazing experience from start to finish. We went here for out anniversary and it was an excellent choice! The views were amazing, the service was top notch and the food was delicious. Of course, the prices were on the high side, but nothing unusual for this caliber of a restaurant. Being on top of the Stratosphere tower and slowly spinning, taking in the wonderful views of the mountains and the strip was breathtaking and extremely romantic!I ordered filet mignon and it was delicious! I like medium rare and it was done exactly to my liking. The salad and eggplant appetizers were also out of this world. I liked the small portions. They were not "tiny" but rather very reasonable. No oversized portions here! But, I don't like humongous plates anyway, I like good food and great atmosphere and that's what I got at Top of the World.Our next anniversary dining establishment will have a hard time measuring up to Stratosphere's Top of the World.P.S. I would recommend dining here at dusk, that way, you will see the sun go down and will enjoy the views of Vegas at night.
3	The view from here is great. The food was fine, a bit overpriced for what you get, but I guess that's to be expected. I think I actually enjoyed the basket of various bread products more than my meal. But then again, I really really do love bread.My strawberry margarita was delicious and the group picture we took with one of the photographers there set us back quite a few dollars.I don't think I'd ever go back here, but its defintely not bad at all.
4	Great view of the Las Vegas Strip! Another rotating view restaurant! Many of the things on the menu were kind of pricey, but the food was excellent. You have to have dessert too! I had the chocolate Stratosphere tower with fruits on it. YUM! I would also recommend doing the pre-set menus, since you practically spend just as much getting one item.It was a great place for a date. We had a window seat. I had an appetizer platter that had duck, fish, and something else I don't remember...hehe My boyfriend had a filet mignon, which he really enjoyed. At any rate, it was great!The view up there was worth the price of the place. We were able to go up and down the elevators to check out the view of the Vegas Strip as many times as we wanted.
4	I'd been wanting to dine at this restaurant for several years, so a buddy & I made reservations (June 2007). Funny enough, it was really just your basic, run-of-the-mill dinner not much different than most of us regular folks have when at home...Miles & miles of views care of the 1,000 feet elevationFoie gras w/rabbitFilet mignonCreme brule w/berriesAdd martinis & a glass of red wine and you'll end up with the reasonable, family-friendly cost of $200 including tip. Bring your sunglasses if dining during daylight hours. As the restaurant spins uncontrollably around in circles at ever-increasing speeds, the sun can be very difficult on your bloodshot Las Vegas eyes.
5	This is a restaurant everyone has to visit when they come to Vegas. The views (rotating restaurant) are incredible and you often find yourself just staring outside mesmerized. The service goes way beyond what i was expecting. The food is amazing as are the portions. The whole experience from the elevator ride up til when you leave and have the option to go out on the deck for a better view is superb!I recommend it to everyone.
2	Awesome view!! just llike what you can see at the Empire State Building and Sears Tower, worth to go upstairs.Honestly, the food is not really good with that kind of price. I would pay more to go up have dinner at John Hankock but not his one. We ordered a sea bass, steak which were not good. The drink that I ordered Frosty Navel was kind of horrible. However, the soup was the best in there i thought. We also tried the dessert Cremen Brulee and Choco Tart. Well, the desert were totally bad.
4	The top of the world restaurant is nice, it does revolve and the view of the city is ok, (I am just spoiled living so close to the ocean has made this desert town view seem somewhat bland). The food is nice but not really worth The price at $100 to about $300 per person. the wine pairings are for the most part near perfect and perhaps the only reason worth braving the wait, (post reservation) and the feeling of being gouged for seemingly overpriced yet very superb cuisine. I would say that if you live in the area and you need somewhere nice to go for an anniversary this might be it, but other than that, the top of the world restaurant doesn't really have much purpose, other than taking in the big time tourist bucks.  CHAD
4	This place is EXPENSIVE... but its good food with gigantic portions.  Our dinner for 4 (without alcohol or dessert), was $350.I had a 10 oz Filet Mignon ($48).  Then you order your side separately.  Another $10 for garlic mashed potatoes... and another $12 for a Cesar salad!  It was an enormous amount of food.... with an enormous price tag to match!Our service was incredible and the food was delicious, but if I didn't win big at the casinos that day... I probably wouldn't have gone.
5	Hands down, the best view of Las Vegas. The restaurant boasts a spectacular revolving view of the city from the 107th floor of the Stratosphere Tower. As you might have guessed, it is very expensive but well worth it. The food and service was excellent as well as the view.I had the Chilean Sea Bass which was breaded in something really good -- the fish was the moistest! (Shout out to my new friend Christian, heehee). Also ordered green beans on the side, excellent as it was all buttered up. Had a glass of Pinot Gris to accentuate the flavors. But the best thing I think I have ever tasted ever was the dessert - White Chocolate Macademia Nut Creme Brule... absolutely flawless. Enough said.
3	Bleh....came here for lunch based on the recommendation of bf's mom. Yes, it's nice to see all of Vegas, and it's a cool idea if you've never been to a revolving restaurant before. BUT...if you're only gonna be in vegas for a few days, eating here can be a very time consuming experience, considering that it takes a while to get there if you're staying on the strip and you then have to get to the top of the stratosphere. the day we went, the elevator either wasn't working or was just being hella slow, bc there was def. about 40 mins between arriving at the stratosphere and finally being seated! We had a 1:30 reservation, and were suprised at how few people there were eating there. It's a huge dining room, but I would say there were only about 30 others. Considering that, our service should have been awesome, right? Well, actually, it SUCKED. big time. Our server was a complete snobby beezatch, after we placed our order and had been awkwardly awaiting our food for about 45 mins she came by and casually noted that "your dishes will be out soon." Maybe they ran out of ingredients and had to leave the Stratosphere, go to the grocery store, then come back and fix our meal? That's really the only reason it should have taken that long to get our food, esp. considering it wasn't even crowded!That being said, our food was actually delicious and well worth the price. I had some sort of veal medallions with a big hunk of mozzarella stuffed w/ greens on top; BF had the perfectly velvety lobster bisque and a humongous ribeye, absolutely divine, but the accompanying potatoes sucked. Also, the menu was a lot smaller than I expected, and there seemed to be things on the website that weren't even on the lunch menu when we got there. Overall, I might go back if I had nothing else to do and was w/ somebody who'd never been that before, but other than that, it's just not worth the trouble.
2	You are only paying for the view. The food was uninspired at best. This places tries to be a gourmet room, but in reality is a cheesy tourist trap. Trust me - you can skip this one.
1	Only get 1 star for the view. The lobster ravioli was awful.I had to add lots of salt for taste.I should have told the waiter but i didnt want them to spit in my food so i just ate the bread.Dinner for 2 was like $180 (tax & tip) plus an $8 glass water container and no desserts.Not worth it at all.So i suggest going else where. Then again this was 3 years ago so i hope they improved but i will NEVER go back. Eiffel Tower Restaurant in Paris so much better plus we got 2 desserts and still less than what we paid for at Top of the World.
4	Dined on 4/30/08, party of two.  Excellent steaks, and the bestgarlic mashed potatoes we've ever had.  Service was reasonablyattentive.  My steak was overcooked, but replaced very quickly with perfectly cooked one.  Great view ... we got there about20 minutes before sunset, to get both day and night views.At the bottom, you go through a metal detector security check .,..a complete joke and waste of time, very poorly implemented.
3	BF: so they were thinking of going to Stratosphere for dinner tomorrow, the revolving one.Me: oh OK.Me thinking:  that's kinda corny isn't it?  But oh well, we're going with people visiting from NJ, and I've never been there myself.1st, the valet is in the back of the building as opposed the front.Then, you have to go the long way to get to the bottom of the tower since there's no short cut, for some odd reason.When you get to the bottom of the tower, you have to "check-in" for the restaurant.  Then they asked you to wait in some kind of green room, until you're escorted to the  ..  metal detector?  I didn't realize I'm having dinner at the airport.  After the brief puzzle, we waited for the elevator.  So we're in front of the elevator, waiting, and noticed the button wasn't lit. What would *you* normally do? Exactly!  As soon as we started walking forward to reach for the button, we were notified rather startlingly  that we're not allowed to press the button.  Should have told us sooner, no? or put a sign by the button "not" to touch it.We finally got up to the 107th floor, were told to go to the door on the left and had to check-in again before someone finally escorted to our table. I've never experienced such lengthy process just to have dinner.Our waiter did make a good suggestion, so I liked him.  I normally make it a point to ask what the more popular dishes are at the restaurant (or what's the chef's favorite is), and most of the time it has not disappoint me. Between the 4 of us, we had 1/2lb king crab legs for appetizer which was good.  As for entree: fillet mignon -- which I heard was pretty good; sea bass which in my opinion didn't look too appetizing; my bf had pork chop which was over cooked; and I had veal which I thought was very good.  Mine was probably the best out of the 4, w/o trying the fillet and the sea bass.Although the view was awesome, and  I enjoyed my meal, this isn't a place where I'd go back to unless I'm showing people around LV.  And when I do, I will either have the recommended Veal or rack of Lamb.We capped the night at the jazz lounge upstairs with some cocktails. It was an enjoyable evening for our last night in Vegas. BTW.. can someone explain the Purell anti-bacterial dispenser by the entrance to the restaurant?
5	Aw man, this place could get five stars for the view alone. Even though I've been to Vegas a number of times over the past ten years or so, I've never been up to the top of the Stratosphere. Having dinner at the "Top of the World" is an experience you have to try at least once if you go to Vegas, and could quite possibly be voted "Most Romantic Dining Spot" in Vegas if it hasn't already been voted that.Having said all that, dinner comes second to the spectacular views of the city that you get from being that high. Yeah sure, you could go down the road and experience something similar with the Eiffel Tower Experience, but 1) the Eiffel Tower isn't that high and 2) you're still outdoors and subject to the elements. Whereas if you were to have dinner at Top of the World you have a better 360 degree view and you're indoors in climate controlled A/C.My grandma actually took me out to dinner here so she knew the whole procedure for getting the most out of our experience. She made our reservations for just the right time, early evening, just before the sun started to set. That way as we ate the sun would set and we could see the city both in daylight (before we ate) and at night (by the end of our meal). She also said that when you make reservations and again when you show up, you have to specifically ask to be seated next to the window in order to get a window table (which are the tables with the best views). Otherwise if you don't say anything they seat you on the inside tables instead.With pretty much everything set for perfect viewing we enjoyed a great natural show as the city came to life at night with all the lights as we enjoyed our dinner. Now I guess on to the food portion of my experience?I got a New York Strip steak which was pretty good. I was also able to taste the fillet mignon with a really great sauce. However, probably what stood out from the whole dish was my side order of potato au gratin. Man it was so cheesy and creamy. Very tasty. The food didn't fail to disappoint. The prices are a little higher than what I'm used to, but then again and usually don't eat at high-end restaurants to often. I didn't think the prices were outrageous though. No shorts and t-shirts here either. You gotta dress it up at least a little bit.Can't say enough about that view. Pretty surreal and amazing.
5	Atmosphere: 360 rotating glass view from the highest point of the tallest building overlooking America's city of lights... need I say more?Food: Filet Mignon was great, roasted potatoes are crunchy and seasoned deliciously on the outside, with the consistency of mashed potatoes on the inside. Pearl onions marinated in a sweet sauce are amazing. Wine was good, dessert was a chocolate version of the Stratosphere itself.Service: 5 star service from a 5 star restaurant, would you expect any less?This is on my "must try before you die" list.
5	this place is awsome, the whole dining area rotates around the whole top of the tower, it does a full circle in 120 minutes. the food was awsome, be careful though when ordering appetizers. some of them are raw meat like the kobe beef and salmon starters. but other then that the rib eye I say that it was the best meat I ever had in my life and my GF had the Surf and Turf, she said "the meat just melts in your mouth"  the desert we had was called the berry blast I think and it was awsome. I rate this place 5 stars. our waiter he was awsome, he was very friendly.
2	Undoubtably, the view at Top of the World is breathtakingly gorgeous. Five stars if all we are yelping on is views alone.But I can't eat a view, so Top of the World ranks considerably more south of the equator in my book.Food:Entrees are priced from $45 - $65. Sides are a la carte, which means if you want more than just a slab of meat on your plate, you will probably dish out another $20. I find this kind of pricing a little deceitful and offensive. Even so, it would have been fine with me if the food was good. Unfortunately......(prices are approximate. I don't have that kind of memory.)Chilean Sea Bass: $45 - boring and bland. Not so much moist as it was soggy. No distinct flavor at all. It was encrusted with porcini mushroom dust but it could have been pixie dust for all I could discern. It was also served on wilted romaine lettuce, which I think romaine lettuce should never be served as. Better choices would have been wilted baby spinach, kale, or even beet greens.I'm a big huge fan of sea bass and found this dish quite disappointing.Asparagus: $10 - Christ. These were the soggiest, blandest asparagus I've ever had. Were they boiled in unfiltered tap water for an hour?! Cooked for just a second longer and you could have scooped these up in a jar and stuck a Gerber label on it. Asparagus tastes amazing broiled or grilled, with maybe a slight glaze of olive oil and a pinch of sea salt -- none of which will compete with the natural flavor and sweetness of this green-stalked pee-smell-changer. To have such a simply delicious vegetable stripped of any nutrients or flavor is downright  veggie blasphemy. I was tempted to throw a stalk at the revolving window just to see what the staff would do. Lobster Mashed Potatoes: $14 ooooooh, how I wanted to love this dish! Two of my favorite foods mating in one big bowl, what could possibly go wrong? Alas, the potatoes were so dry, I could have used them to plaster that crack in my bedroom ceiling. There was some kind of bbq-flavored "gravy" and little chunks of lobster...it wasn't horrible, but I wasn't impressed. Garlic Mashed Potatoes: $10 Technically my bf's dish, but of course I noshed too. Dry. Uninspired. And I couldn't discern any real garlic. Roast those suckers and blend them in, folks. Ribeye: $50 bf's meal since I don't eat cow. He actually liked his meal; it was cooked perfectly and had great texture. However, he said he had better. On many occasions.Overall, my impression is that Top of the World caters to a very base culinary crowd. Those whom are so distracted and awestruck by the view that they actually think the mediocre food they are shoveling into their mouth tastes good. We ended up spending almost $200 for a dinner for two (I'm including the $40+ it cost us to get from MGM to Stratosphere and back, because I'm a bit bitter about it. I would have been so much happier eating at any of the restaurants within our own hotel). We didn't even order any wine, alchohol, or dessert.After dinner, we took the elevator up to the Observatory Deck (outdoor), which was **incredible**!  You can see all of Vegas, including the main strip. I tried to convince my pusssy bf to ride the roller-coaster with me, but he wasn't having it. Bottom Line: eat at a REAL restaurant, then go up to the Observatory Deck for the astounding view, without the huge markup on sub-par, "Black Angus" type food.
5	All I have to say is KOBE BEEF!!!!Everything else is pretty much what you can expect from a high end joint.The whole rotating thing is pretty awesome too.
5	A breathtaking restaurant to dine in. My boyfriend & I celebrated  our 21st birthday in July with friends in Vegas! My boyfriend had made reservation with this restaurants months before our trip to Vegas. It was a surprise,  I did not know which restaurant he was going to take me out to. But when we got to the Stratosphere hotel, we had to find the entrance & elevator to get to the top of the tower (106th floor). oh my, was it amazing. The restaurant rotates in a complete circle in 2 hours (we were there for 3 hours). We got there at 6pm and ordered the Kobe beef for appetizer. it  was SO SO delicious! I have never tried thinly sliced raw beef that tasted as good as this place! Our entree came when the sun was setting and our dessert ( creme brulee, my favorite) came when it was already dark.The view here is so pretty. I loved how it is all glass window so you get to view the entire Vegas, the strip, and the city lights as you are eating.I was speechless that my bf took me here. They also have a photographer who walks around & takes very nice pictures of you & your party. me & my  bf bought them for $60. it was worth it! Our dinner cost $200. reasonable price for such a romantic and beautiful dinner with wonderful food.
4	An amazing restaurant! The view is remarkable and romantic. Highly recommend going at night, so you can see Vegas in all its glory.The dinner was a bit on the expensive side. There was a package for 2 for just over 200, and when you add a bottle of wine, you are looking close to 3 bills.All Gourmet Food, All Fresh Tasting, I can say enough good things about it. It didn't get a 5th star because of the price. A tad bit cheaper and it would be a regular stop in  Vegas, not just a romantic retreat.
4	Lunch on a Saturday with my mom & dad.Best:1. Free bottomless mimosas!2. THE VIEW!  Takes a little under an hour & a half for a full revolution, just the right amount of time for a meal.3. French fries!!!!!  yum.  They were awesome.4. Reservations were super easy to make (and then change), and the restaurant wasn't very crowded so we got a table right next to the windows (the ONLY way to dine here - if you can't get a table next to the windows it won't be nearly as fun)Good:1. Chicken pasta and lobster salad sandwich were both very good.2. Lots of food options.3. Pretty reasonably priced for lunch.Okay:1. Steak.  My dad said it was fine, not the best and not the worst.2. None of our meals were super hot when they arrived - felt like maybe they had been sitting a while.Bad:1. COLD french fries when they first arrived.  BUT the waitress immediately took them back and brought a new fresh batch that was amazing!  So bad turns into great!
3	the view was amazing.... the food was really just okay...the dessert.. HORRIBLE... it was really hard and yucky... i regret doing this but i admittedly ordered the uber touristy stratosphere shaped dessert... boy was that a bad decision. the outside tasted like a rock with bits of old hershey bar .. the inside was like a dried up truffle--which sounds like an oxymoron but isnt if you know what i mean..  but i was pretty happy.. i had champagne and blue skies.... i could've been eating the deformed left over crablegs at the bottom of the buffet tray and still been happy...
5	YUMMMMMMMMM!!!!! My boyfriend and I decided we deserved a "nice" dinner while in Vegas. We took a late reservation since that's what you do in Vegas, do everything late. Our waiter was very gracious and not pushy at all. He actually suggested that we were ordering too much food since the portions were so large. I started my meal out with a caesar salad and while it was nothing spectacular, it was pretty good. But then again, if a restaurant can mess up a simple salad, be very worried. We both ordered steak - the strip and filet. This was hands down the BEST steak I have ever had in my entire life!!!!! I wanted to cry knowing that I would never be able to finish it and since we had no fridge in the room, it would go in the garbage. :-( I also had the au gratin potatoes. The potatoes were cooked in heaven I think. They were not too hard, not too soft and had a blend of cheesy gooeyness.  Needless to say, we did not have room left for dessert, but they looked delicious. Oh yeah, the view was spectacular!!!
4	We came here for lunch & its pretty swanky! I feel like a revolving restaurant at the top of a really tall building is pretty much a must-do for everyone, so do it here! The 3-course lunch was pretty cheap ($35). However, my prosciutto wrapped salmon dish was only mediocre. It was a little dry, the prosciutto was hard, but the pear + Beurre blanc sauce was a pretty good match w/ the salmon. I did try a little prime rib & I thought it was delicious -- I should have ordered that instead of the salmon! The meat connoisseur I was with said it was "just okay". Overall, the restaurant isn't one of my favorites & I wouldn't choose it all the time even if I did live in Vegas, but for tourists & guests, I think its a great experience.
5	WOW what a great place!!!!!I went here during my only trip to Vegas, for my cousin's bachelor party.  While out there his dad treated all of us to dinner there, and boy were we all impressed.We had a great table right against the glass, so we enjoyed our view the entire time.  Having never been to Vegas before this it was amazing for me to see the strip, and then what surrounded it.The food was so good, and the dessert was great too.  I forget what it was called but it was an all chocolate mock up of the stratosphere, so that was pretty impressive by itself.We decided to all go dressed up in suits, although it was not required.  We felt that since we were on vacation and going out to a nice dinner we might as well go all out.
2	Fantastic view, but you knew that already.  The food, however, was incredibly average and way overpriced.  I had my first taste of truffles shaved over Capon chicken.  I would have more enjoyed marinated pencil shavings over Shake n' Bake.    The appetizer sampler, including a foie de gras, and two, yes TWO raviolis was $25.00 per person. A $50 appetizer should be a-maaay-zing.  It wasn't.  On the upside, the sommelier was very knowledgeable about wine and turned us on to a great Chateau-nuf-du Pape (sp?).  The wine and the view were the best things about this place.  Save yourself $300. buy a good bottle, and head to the rooftop observation deck.   Then go eat elsewhere.
4	I give it four stars bc they held my reservation even after I was over an hour and a half late, and they did not rush us out, look at us with disdain, or act nasty to us, which I totally expected. Me and the mrs ordered the price fixe dinner for two which was around $200, which was pretty much on par with mostof our nonbuffet vegas meals. I think it was some type of surf and turf dish. Our waitress was wonderful in bringing it allout to us. The meal was topped off with a chocolate stratosphere tower. And of course there's the view, absolutely exquisite, and after about 20 mins I stopped noticing the tower rotations.Anyways, the whole point of this review was to praise how they held our reservation for so long, even after the people ahead of us just showed up reservationless and had an hour wait on their hands. To that, I was very impressed.
2	While the Vegas strip view was absolutely gorgeous, the spinning 360 view gets a little dizzy if you try too hard focusing on it. Like most Vegas tourists, we were tricked here thinking it would be the dining and visual experience of our lives....err...NOT !!Upon entrace,  you have to pass through this ghetto casino on your way to this restaurant. I define ghetto by the old, moldy smell of the carpets, slot machines that looked like it was from the 80's and the classless crowd.  I define classy as something like the Wynn. The restaurant itself anything but modern  and the dishes were average at most but had a above average price tag.I did get a little annoyed too when the picture taking lady were pressuring us to buy the portrait she took of us. She didn't even take the time to wait till we were all ready. she jus snapped away and I swore my eyes were looking elsewhere in the photo. when we rejected her ridiculous offer of 20 dollars per portrait she gave us the biggest attitude and walked away. Way to blow your customers away, woman !Never again.
3	Come here for the view and not the food!  The view is breathtaking, yes.  The food, well, is just okay.  Since it was Sunday, we had complimentary champagne.  My friend and I had an excellent lobster bisque...downside...it was luke warm!  What a way to destroy a first impression.  The ceasar salad was a bit drenched in dressing, otherwise tasty.  The Kobe burger came out fully pink in the middle and we had to send it back.  Fortunately, our waiter was able to comp us for the burger.  The service was very good and the wait staff were all very attentive, promptly refilling our waters and checking in with us. We went at around 3pm and the sun really hit us hard at one point.  This place is just beautiful around sunset.
3	This is a rotating restaurant on top of the Stratosphere.  It's about on the same level as that place on top of the Space Needle in Seattle.  You're coming for the joy of rotating round and round while you look down at the view.  The food is OK but nobody comes for the food, except possibly to eat the Chocolate Stratosphere dessert (a molded chocolate replica of the tower where you're eating) which was kitschy cool.  As others have noted, the Stratosphere is old and looks kinda "ghetto" compared to the newer places in Vegas; it's also at the far far end of the strip away from most of the newer and fancier places.  The restaurant itself is nice but the downstairs you have to walk through to get to the restaurant is old and dorky.    Also, the Stratosphere has thrill rides operating on top of it and as the restaurant rotates you will probably see people flying past your window on the sky ride a hundred stories up.   If you are planning to have some drinks you probably want to be aware of this in advance.  I myself was not  aware and when I saw human bodies flying past the window after a couple of glasses of something, I about freaked out.  If the sight of these folks inspires you to go on the rides yourself, you need to go all the way downstairs again and get tickets, which is a hassle.  Overall it's more of a retro-silly Las Vegas dining experience than an elegant or fancy dining experience.   If you want a really nice dinner, pay more and go to a nicer place.  If you just want a fun sit-down restaurant lunch or dinner, the Stratosphere restaurant is fine for that.
3	I do believe this is one of the tallest buildings in the United States, if it qualifies as a building.   I guess it does as there is a restaurant at the top.  Met a friend in Las Vegas and we had lunch here.   What was funny was that when walking in my friend asked "Are you supposed to be wearing a jacket to go in here"?   Answer to that is "Oh course not, this is Las Vegas".  I think we were wearing shorts and T-Shirts.  The food wasn't anything outstanding to justify the price.  They say (a commercial says) "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas."   What happened here is my $50 for a lunch for two stayed in Vegas.  The view is great, you can see all of Las Vegas and a lotta lotta desert and mountains off in the distance.   And I am not surprised that some people get dizzy even as slow as the restaurant rotates.   We didn't get dizzy but it was nice to get back to the ground, even $50 lighter.If anything, eating here made me totally miss what was one of my favorite restaurants ever, Windows on the World that was at the top of the World Trade Center.  Now that was a nice one and totally worth the price.
4	I love the Top of the World Restaurant.  I always have a great time and a good meal here.  One time I had to send back my Chilean Sea Bass, but then they brought out the BEST Chilean Sea Bass I've ever had to replace it.  I do admit that it''s the view that bumps this review up to 4 stars.  I will always love this place.
3	We went for lunch on a Sunday, because it would be more casual and cheaper.  I didn't expect a lame metal detector when you get in.The restaurant spins very slowly, and takes something like an hour and a half to fully rotate.  I can't imagine getting dizzy because of this, but with enough wine, I guess anyone could.  Obviously everything is pricey.  I don't think the food was amazing enough to be priced that way, but it was very good nonetheless.  The view was great, I imagine its really great at night as well.  There are crazy rides on top of the building, so occasionally you see a glimpse of people flying around above you.  Service was impeccable, and we ended up staying almost two hours.  Glad to have gone, but probably wouldn't go back.
5	Me and my wife had dinner here back in 2007. The Restaurant was called the "Top Of The World/Romance Lounge." I think we ordered the rib eye steak,garlic mash potatoes and asparagus. We shared a desert shaped like the tower called the chocolate stratosphere. The food was good but the view was even better. We were 108 stories up and the restaurant would rotate 360 within 1 hr. We were able to get a window table and the view was just incredible. After dinner we walked one floor up to the romance lounge where they had a piano and played live jazz music. The interior was velvet red and the lighting was very dim. I remember mostly candles being lit in the bar that night. It had a very romantic setting to have a few drinks and listen to some live jazz music and just lounge. We really enjoyed ourselves that night.
5	What a perfect romantic way for my wife and I to spend a wedding anniversary.  Our reservation was for just  before sunset.  The waiters were polite and helpful.  The filet mignon was of generous proportion and cooked just the way we like.  All and all a memorable evening and well worth every penny.  With reservations you are escorted by private elevator to the restaurant.
4	I have been here for lunch. Actually a very good experience.  I had the Chef's Corner, three courses for $30. 1st course. A rich and creamy Lobster Bisque. Excellent! 2nd Course. Porcini Crusted, Pan Seared Sea Bass. Another very good course. Dessert I was expecting Berry Delight, which was the dessert listed with the special I ordered, but my server brought out the Chocolate Stratosphere Mousse! When I asked him why, he said he saw my reaction when he brought the Mousse to another table and thought I would like it more. He definitely was right! I really like the fact that they don't just rely on the novelty factor of a rotating restaurant. We have one in Milwaukee and the food is barely passable. Top of The World is wheelchair accessible, and even at lunch, the view was wonderful!
4	$40 for a 3 course brunch was such a bargain considering we were dining at a restaurant 108 stories up in the sky, rotating 360 degrees to capture every possible view of the strip.  They had me hooked from the 1st course-Kobe Carpaccio. I was so hungry that I devoured it in less than 5 minutes despite the fact that we each got a complimentary shrimp cocktail just prior because I happen to find a coupon from a booklet they handed me back at the hotel. Don't be too quick to throw those coupon booklets away! You might lose out on a tasty shrimp cocktail. Speaking of "free" food, the brunch also came with complimentary champagne which worked out perfectly since we were in Vegas, alcohol is our best friend.My friends swapped the 3rd course-Berry Delight for creme brulee.  Luckily I decided to stick with mine because their creme brulee came out too thick AND at room temperature. Ick!The downfall of the meal was the photographer lady who went around to each table taking pictures to pressure us to buy after the meal.  Our pictures came out alright, well, except for the smudge on my friend's face.  The photographer told me that one of the waiters thought I was hot.  I wasn't sure if that was really the case or if it was just a ploy to get me to buy the pictures.  Well, truth or not, it worked!! I was the only one who ended up purchasing a picture. Damn, I hate being female, I'm such a sucker for compliments.Bottom line: Eat brunch here, but watch out for false compliments ladies!!
5	PLEASE don't listen to Kurt S's review.  This place is WONDERFUL. He is completely wrong wrong on the service.  I have never had a more PERFECT waiter and dining experience.  I am very sorry he either had a rare bad one or he was in a less rare bad mood when he went. The waiter smiled the whole time, he answered our questions, he was smooth, efficient and considerate, there when he needed to be and out of the way the rest of the time.  My friend had the same meal Kurt had, said it was the best filet mignon around.  Cooked to perfection.  This place is everything you expect from four star dining, and yes, the prices reflect it, so please just go ready to spend $170-200 for two.  This is the dining event you dress up and save up for. Oh and that's one more thing.  I am really aghast at permanent low-class cheap ass tourists who want to walk into a classy place like this in halter tops and ripped off jeans shorts and sandals and 70s hair they never comb.  You people can go dumpster dive for medium rare squirrel filet.  Stop ruining the atmosphere for the rest of us that have some decency and respect for ourselves and other people.  This place is definitely worth a 3 piece suit or tux for dinner, but business casual is the dress code.
1	I only enjoyed the 360 view of Las Vegas.  We asked for medium-rare ribeye and we got medium.  I didn't enjoy the salmon wrapped with prosciutto and sage because the salmon wasn't fresh; but what was I thinking it's in the middle of the desert!!!  Lobster omelet was decent.  Raspberry and dark chocolate tart wasn't very good.
4	SUMMARY:Make no mistake people, you'll definitely end up paying a hefty price for dining here so just plan for it.Having said that, its (mostly) worth the price -- especially if you're seeking a romantic dining experience.I still can't give it an absolute five stars. My general rating philosophy is to only give a place five stars if it's absolute perfection.PROS:- Excellent breath-taking views.- Absolutely delicious food items.- Fast service.- Great ambiance (live music, mood lighting, etc)NEUTRAL:- Slightly over-priced items. $215 for two people...- Slightly limited item selection (but to be fair, the BEST restaurants don't try to do everything... they specialize)- 98% of the staff were very polite.CONS:- One staff-member was slightly kurt. Not a huge deal really. I try to give people the benefit of the doubt... maybe he was having a bad day.- There is an ever-so-slight arrogant aire of sophistication at the restaurant. I don't think it's anyone's fault... it just felt like people who dined there were expected to be fully aware of all dining etiquette. Maybe I'm just imagining things though.ADVICE:- Always, always, ALWAYS get reservations. This place is popular even on weekdays.- If you're visiting Vegas with the family, consider dining somewhere else. The atmosphere at the Top of the World restaurant lends itself to business meetings and romantic dining. Not to mention that you'll get a much better value elsewhere.
4	The food was good, but it is on the expensive side.  You will get your Money's worth though.  My friends and I tried 5 of the entrees, and enjoyed them all.  Pork chops, ribeye, and the lobster ravioli were the best ones there in my opinion.  View was wonderful.  We were up there during the night, and the sight was very nice.  The only drawback was our busboy acted more like our waiter than our waiter did.  I would do it again for sure.
4	I made reservations a month in advance, and I actually had to keep calling because I got tired of the wait!  So make sure you call in advance.  They also take your credit card info down at the time you make your reservation, because if you cancel and don't give them enough time, they charge your card like $50!Friends of ours were also in town and decided that Saturday to go eat there.  The only time they got was a 5:30pm time.  They were still there when we arrived for our 6:30pm reservation.  To our dismay, they were seated right by the windows.  We were disapointed as we were seated at a booth as far away from the windows, and right by the walking area / preparation area of the servers.  But as the night went out, we realized we actually had a nice view and didn't have to turn our necks to enjoy it.  And it doesn't rotate as quickly as you'd think, we saw the strip maybe 2 or 3 times the entire time we were there.We both got steaks, and they were good, nothing outstanding, but I wasn't expecting anything spectacular.  The dessert was amazing though - we got the chocolate Stratosphere with the fruit and it was SO GOOD.  It's worth it to go just for the dessert.It's a bit of a hike, and you have to go through some sketchy parts of the strip if you walk here, but it's a Vegas "must go" if you have the $$$.
2	Came here this past weekend for dinner to celebrate the our friends' wedding.  The only thing saving me from giving this place 1 star is the view of the strip (that comes around every 15-20 mins or so) which is actually very pretty.The food, on the other hand, is nothing at all spectacular considering the prices that  you pay.  My husband & I shared the lobster mashed potatoes & to be absolutely honest, it looked like mashed potatoes topped with vomit & it didn't taste all that great either.  The rack of lamb that I had tasted gamey & the port reduction that came with it was actually kind of hard for me to stomach.  My husband had the salmon & that looked like something I throw together when I don't feel like making dinner.  Yeah, not worth the $40 price tag.  I could get the same size piece of fish for $5 & make it taste 100x better.Best thing of the night?  The mojito I had & the Grey Goose screwdriver my husband had.  Can't ever go wrong with the booze =]
4	Back in '03 or '04, I had took the opportunity to eat at the tallest structure in Las Vegas and I didn't regret it. The food was fantastic. I still remember it till this very day. We had gone at night and it was just very beautiful evening to be sitting 1000 feet or so in the air, eating dinner, and having the entire restaurant rotate around Las Vegas. The view was just spectacular. You know dinner was a little expensive, but it was worth every dime. If you have never been there before, not only is the restaurant located around 1000 feet in the air, but there is an entire amusement park of sorts above the restaurant. Yes, that shocked me to when I found out.As a matter of fact, while I was eating I kept hearing this faint noise from time to time and eventually asked the server what sound was and that is how I found out. I don't know how much things have changed since then, but I had a great a experience back then and it is worth going back if I go back to Vegas again.
5	One of the best places I've eaten at. We came later than what we reserved and they still sat us. Very grateful for that.I literally had a meal 2 hours before this, but when I saw the food, I got hungry all over again.Our dinner started around sunset and the view outside was magnificent. It was so breathtaking.I love love love love the bread and butter. The different types were a joy to try. My favorite was the orange ginger butter... and it was my group's favorite too!The entrees were what was expected. I had the pork chops. They were delicious. It was a little dry, but the sauce and fruit made it all better. I tried a bit of the salmon and I suggest that a whole lot more.We were all so full from the entree that we couldn't fit in dessert, even though they are every small.Our waitress, Ellen, made the whole experience a lot more welcoming and memorable. She was super friendly and chatted with us from time to time, seeing how we are doing and such. So considerate. She has some interesting stories. hahaha Oh!! When outside looked perfect, she came by and asked us if we wanted a picture with the view. TALK ABOUT AWESOME TO THE MAX SERVICE!!This place is pricey, but it was one hell of an experience. I'm so glad I tried this.
5	Truely the best view in Vegas, good food and nice service.  Not they even offer 50% off your entree if you reserve at tix4tongiht.
4	Great restaurant with a spectacular view. The food was good, but you really pay for the view. Don't forget to walk outside to the observation deck and take lots of pictures!
4	The view of the city from this restaurant was gorgeous! I loved it, it was very romantic... The food was okay, a little over priced but the view made it worth it. The lobster mashed potatoes were delish!Our server on the other hand was why I didn't rate this place with five stars. Ion or whatever his name was the worst server. But otherwise it was such a beautiful experience.
4	The BF took me here for a romantic dinner.  I must say, the view is amazing.  I was in absolute awe the entire time.  It's enough to make you fall in love all over again.  A photographer even came to take photo's of us (for a fee of course) and they came out fantastic.  They were true quality.  I agree that the food was just okay, but the fact that they wait on you hand and foot makes the vist worth while.  Overall, I truly enjoyed my experience and would consider doing it again after visiting other establishments such as the Eiffel Towel Restaurant.
3	We went to Vegas for my daughters 21st Birthday and happen to be staying at the Stratosphere Hotel so i decided to make reservations at there fancy restaurant not knowing how very, very pricey they are. Did not realize that the dinner menu was a-la-cart. Every individual item had a separate price. Our bill for 4 people was $250.00. The view was nice but really not worth that kind of price. The food portions were good and the taste was just okay. I do not think they wait on you hand and foot though for as much as you pay.
4	Ok I love the entrees here. The scenery is really amazing at night or during the day. However my head couldn't deal with going around in circles. Lol.. But really romantic! Can be used for a great pick up line "baby how would you like me to take you to the top of the world" haha
3	The view is worth going for. The Food was great, but I thought it was a little pricey. If you're going on the thrill rides, do those BEFORE you go eat. I had the Prime Rib sandwich and it was very good, juicy, and tender cuts of meat. The service seemed a bit slow, even though there were only a handful of patrons when we went for lunch around 3 pm. Would recommend for the view, the atmosphere is a bit blase, but the rotating seating area is something to see. Overall would recommend for nice romantic dinners.
5	The space elevator already exists. Ride it.  When I took the Stratosphere Tower Tour five years ago, I knew that the next time we went to Vegas we had to have a meal in the Top of the World Restaurant.  So, with a month's advance booking, we enjoyed a Saturday lunch here.  Looking out over the desert, no wait, out over the city, no wait, out toward the mountains ... from this rotating restaurant we saw the expanse of The Meadows as never before.  We could see the runways at Nellis.  We could see the red rocks.  We could see an entire train, all 4 engines and 100 cars, in one sweeping view below us.  Oh, how about 8 helicopters flying below us?  Yes, from 1,000 feet up, everything looks different.  Daytime or nighttime, it's a spectacular view.  Yes, we ate.  Let's see ... iced tea ... no, you know it was fantastic!  Here:  an appetizer of salmon with salsa, cream, and homemade chips, you had to be there to believe it, but go ahead and look at the pictures.  A Caesar salad that was not so Caesar, but an interesting mix of things.  Surf & turf.  You bet.  More salmon, on a bed of asparagus, or some such thing.  House champagne, which is why my notes were less than perfect.   OK, I forgot to photograph the entrees, what am I, a columnist?  No, I'm a guy who was having a great time in the sky.  Oh, yeah.  Stratosphere chocolate for dessert.   A variety dish, with 3 desserts on it.  Hey, I got a shot of that one! OK, so lunch for 2 was $109.18 + tip.  If you need to work up the nerve to go there, try the Stratosphere Tower Tour first.  Then, when you want to impress Your Lady, take her to this "romantic experience" restaurant.  You won't be sorry.
5	My husband the not so interested in food guy really wanted to come here. I figured ok it will be cheesy and expensive but he wants to go so ... I was so pleasantly surprised! I could almost pass on gambling in Vegas to just go to restaurants so you could understand how this wasn't at the top[ excuse the pun} of my list.The view was amazing, the food was perfectly cooked and really good and the service was excellent! Even the security guard before you get on the elevator was friendly. I had the escargot [ haven't had them in years} and a rack of domestic lamb that was delicious. I think for the most part you want to get in the hotel, go up to the restaurant and get out.  The hotel is a little rough around the edges but I can't say enough about the restaurant.
5	At sunset, the experience is awesome.  It's very romantic for the ladies.  The prices are up high, so I wouldn't encourage going if you are on a budget or trying to hold out.  My motto is if you are going to go out, go all out and don't hold back.The food is awesome, the wine selection is really good, and the atmosphere is cool.  Also like the gradual rotation.The only sad thing for me is that the last time I went they had removed the tower of chocolate from the dessert menu.  It was one of the high points for us when we went the first time because it's a need little model of the stratosphere made of different types of chocolate.  That was the only dissapointment.I recommend the lobster bisque, potatos au gratin, lamb chops, and ravioli (I think lobster or shrimp filled).
2	The ONLY thing good about this place is the view. I researched this restaurant before making reservations. (I'm flying in from Hawaii mind you). There was a dress code, business casual. That means men wear a jacket, women wear a dress,  skirt or pants suit.    Upon arrival at the elevator to take you up to the restaurant, you are sent through a metal detector and if they are not satisfied with that you are asked to remove articles of clothing and or accessories. This was a huge embarrassment to the woman I was with. I should have left the establishment at that point. But she wanted to be a good sport about it and we continued to the elevator.    We got into the elevator with other hotel guests who were dressed in cargo shorts and t-shirts. I assumed they were going to ride the rides at the top of the tower. Our elevator operator Leroy, was dressed in a tuxedo and he is the only reason I didn't rate this restaurant  a 1 star. Leroy was very personable and it was quite an entertaining elevator ride.      We disembark at the restaurant level and are seated. We looked around and noticed most of the other dining guests are dressed in blue jeans, cut off jeans, shorts, t-shirts, baseball caps, mismatched clothes and the like. It looked like we were at a picnic for a Little League game.      I'm wearing a black suit and tie and my date is wearing a very smart  women's business suit. We looked so out of place. Our waiter looked better then most of the dining guests. We questioned the Hostess about the dress code and she said yes, there is a dress code but the restaurant figured since there was a Construction Equipment Convention in town, they wouldn't be so strict on the dress code.      We almost left then. I mean after all, we researched this restaurant and made plans around their advertisement. And now I have to sit across a guy in overalls, in a Green Bay Packer cap, who just kicked a bread stick under his table after he dropped it on the floor?      We looked at a menu. A rib-eye steak was $45. ONLY the steak! No potato, no vegetable, nothing, just the plain steak. We tried to make the best of it. My date ordered a plain salad... at $13. I got the steak. Thoroughly disappointed we left after we ate and went down the block to the IHOP were we had a great dessert.The Stratosphere Hotel is nice, it's this Top Of The World  restaurant that's iffy.
4	As a Casino/Resort, Stratosphere comes off a bit cheap.  That, and the fantastic view from the top were my main memories from a few prior visits.  But having heard decent things about the restraunt, and given that it provided a free ride up (otherwise $15/adult), a lunch time stop when recently in Las Vegas was planned.As I recalled, there is a bit of a cheap almost junky atmosphere to much of the walk through the Casino and shops, and when finally up in the restraunt (which is nicer, though not on par with some of the other establishments in Las Vegas), found the view was maybe even better than I recalled.  With that much as expected, I was pleasantly suprised to find the food very good!  Excellent even.Service was also good... in fact everything was right on.
2	The food was pretty great.Too bad I couldn't enjoy it because of how the restaurant moves.  I asked the hostess beforehand.. if I get motion sickness very easily... is this a bad idea for me. She assured me no.Trust me.. it was. Go to the Eiffel Tower instead. No need to go this far down the strip.
3	Overall my expierience at the Top of the World Restaurant was ok and worth the visit but I do not think I would go back. Do not get me wrong but it is a great place to take a date, especially for a special occasion such as a birthday, anniversary, divorce... etc... The service is impeccable, view's astonishing and food..... Ok..... I may have set my hopes to high on the menu and what I ordered but it was nothing to exciting flavor wise nor did it have me asking for seconds. Unfortunately my girlfriend thought the same way about her meal but did agree that it was worth doing once since I have lived here for so long. Please do not let this review stop you from going. If you have never been before, I highly recommend you go and try it out. Bring a date or two and maybe you will find this place as the second-coming or something in terms of food, service and view.
4	Rachel Ray move the hell over! The food was pretty damn good. I was pretty surprised. Most places that have a great location or great view usually have mediocre food. But they were on point this time. Had the quack and turf, duck, steak and fois grois (yes i spelled that wrong) damn tasty. The service was great. Friendly staff, always filling your water, asking if you need something, bringing you more bread, or clearing crumbs and plates away. The staff is pretty funny and happy.yes this place rotates. I didn't realize it till we sat down. And it was night time too. It was terrible. it went really slow. Towards the end of dinner we finally saw the kitchen, and how busy it was. Just try not to stare out the window to keep from throwing up.I have a fear of heights, but if you don't stare intensely out the window it'll be ok. Food was good, and then afterward you can go upstairs to the observation deck.
3	The Top of the wold restaurant is a top spot in romantic Vegas dinning.  The food is fantastic, the service is very friendly and efficient, and the view is the BEST in town.The restaurant is located at the very top of the Stratosphere hotel and casino and is without any doubt the best restaurant on that side of the strip.  Note.. the prices are expensive but they do offer a one person and two person pre-fix menu.
3	cool views up top, but food kinda sucks since it's not even considered fine dining. some food may look good, but don't taste very good, do not order seafood; think about it, why would you order seafood in a desert?
4	Not sure what to expect exactly in terms of cuisine, we were happy to find it was a good ol' steak place.  Maybe not a steakhouse in it's true form, but steak place nonetheless.We arrived a bit early for our reservation, considering we did a pit stop on the floors above (the guys went on the thrill rides), so we decided to wait for the rest of our dining party at the bar.  The bar itself does not revolve, so it was quite interesting to see the tables below you moving as well as feel some of the residual aftershocks of some of the rides.  My Long Island Iced Tea (or their variation) was quite nice though a bit warm and the guys' drinks, according to them, were actually a bit weak.  The waitress was kind enough to bring them back for an extra shot and didn't charge...though also kind enough to point out that normally they would.For some reason, I did have to go back to the hostess' to remind them that our entire party was here, because it was well beyond 15 minutes past our reservation and it seemed like they had forgotten us.  Considering that upon making the reservation they were required to provide us with the dress code (dining attire - no jeans, t-shirts, hats, or sneakers), they were pretty rude and abrasive when I tried to inquire if there was a reason for the delay in our seating.  Not very courteous I tell ya.But aside from that really, our waiter was extremely pleasant and even kind enough to take a group shot...which I am sure they get asked all the time.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their food, and although my steak was overcooked....it was still pretty tasty, alongside of the mashed potatoes and crab cake it came with (I got the surf and turf).My salad was also pretty tasty, and the bread basket another thing to look forward too, as it was paired nicely with some flavored butter.  (Sorry for going a bit backwards there with the courses).  If there is anything to truly note about their entrees though, is that even though the menu says the steaks do not come with sides...they actually do.  Everyone had some kind of potato (mashed or au gratin) alongside of their steak...in addition to the sides we actually ordered.  And if your waiter tells you the sides can only feed 1, he's lying.  It's a good 2 person/portion serving.  I do recommend the mac & cheese or the gnocchi with truffle oil (just make sure you like truffle oil..it can be a bit rich). **NOTE TO SELVES** If you are planning to eat at that Top of the World Restaurant, you get to go up the observatory FOR FREE!
4	The food is here is good but not excellent but still worth the price, assuming you remember that you're in Vegas and that everything is at least somewhat overpriced.  The view is amazing of course and it just makes for a real fun experience.For starters we sampled the cheese / fruit plate and I had a shrimp cocktail.  Both were pretty good.  For entrees, my date had the lobster ravioli and I had the surf and turf, a 10z fillet with a 8oz lobster tail.  Everything was delicious and we were both very satisfied.  The service was good and attentive.The only real detractor in the evening was a manifestation of the "compelled photography" experience that is becoming increasingly prevalent in Vegas.  Any time you do something even remotely touristy in Vegas, they want to force you to stand or sit somewhere and get your picture taken, so that later on someone in your group will see the picture up on a screen, have a very emotional reaction to it and insist that you buy it, usually for no less than 15 dollars.  Well, this has found its way unfortunately even into this restaurant.The photographer was an older lady who bordered on being crass.  We agreed to let her take the photographs and she does shots of each of us individually - including some very contrived poses - and then a couple of shots together.  Then she comes back a while later and gives you the sales pitch, like trying to convince you to pick five (!!!) different photos and get them all in some fancy book.  Lady, this isn't my high school or college graduation and it's not my wedding.  I'm not going to pass this down as a fairly heirloom, so relax.One of the photos did come out VERY nice and so I bought it, but the whole experience took way too long, felt too forced and in general broke up the last part of the meal too much.  They need someone who can get in there, take just a couple of photos nice and fast and be charming enough to not make it feel like an ordeal.  And maybe do the sales pitch after I've left the dinner table.  The idea isn't terrible, it just needs better execution.  It didn't even really detract from the evening that much, you just kind of get out of it and go, "Wow, really?"This place was an enjoyable experience but to be honest, once is enough.  There are enough other places on The Strip with great food that I won't be compelled to return here.  But if you've never done it before, it's fun and worth checking out.
4	Top of the World, you took my breath away when were getting seated to our table.  I took my bf here the other night to celebrate his birthday and we both had a great time.  The service and view was AMAZING!!!  We both ordered the four course meal which consist of salad, appetizer, meal and dessert.  It also came with 3 types of bread and three types of butter to go with it.  I highly recommend spreading the pesto butter....YUMMY!!!  I was surprised that they read my reservations in detail.  I booked our reservations through open table and asked them to sing happy birthday to my bf towards the end of the night and they did.  Defintely a good date night place :-)
3	I didn't realize that the restaurant was revolving at first- but when Dad pointed it out, I started feeling a sense of vertigo (although it went away pretty quickly). The view is INCREDIBLE (although you're up so high that the streets/cars below are reminiscent of a child's playmat). The waitress was extremely friendly. Mom ordered an apple martini; I ordered a white gummi bear cocktail. Most places will tell you they don't have the drink, and that's the end of that. But the bar was VERY accommodating and said they would put the drink together for me if I listed all the ingredients (slight miss, but the drink was still pretty strong). Neither Mom nor I were really hungry (she just wanted soup, and I had JUST eaten somewhere else), so Dad ordered an appetizer and a five-course tasting menu to share. Appetizer: Calamari (pretty good, but I was so busy chatting with Mom that I'm not sure there was anything particularly special about it)First course:  Mom picked the lobster bisque (she liked it)Second course: Beef Tenderloin Carpaccio (VERY moist and tender)Third course: Muscovy Duck with Hoisin Lime and Baby Lobster Tail (the plate was in front of Dad, so I don't remember duck, but I vaguely remember him asking me if I wanted any... and I probably said no. The baby lobster tail was also very moist, albeit a little on the salty side)Fourth course: There was supposed to be a chef's assortment of gourmet imported and domestic cheeses with seasonal fresh fruit (either Dad replaced this with an appetizer, or he inhaled everything with lightning speed while I was in the bathroom, because I did NOT see this at the table. And no, I was not drunk from my cocktail)Fifth course: Mini Desserts Trio. The dessert plate included banana bread (very good also... Dad usually doesn't care for banana bread), a chocolate/caramel torte (too sweet in my opinion, but it was Dad's favorite), and a raspberry mousse (my favorite of the three, because it wasn't overly sweet).Overall, a pleasant experience for my first actual meal in Vegas. It's a little far from the main area of the strip, but I would definitely wander back here again.
3	I want to make this pretty short and sweet. The food was good, but not at the ridiculous prices that they charge. The view is gorgeous. It takes about an hour and a half to see the strip go around once, not 15-20 minutes.
2	TREMENDOUS views and ambiance.It's just that the food is awful.  Frozen vegetables and dry chicken.  Appetizing?  Not for $100 a head (with wine).Better deals can be found in almost any other casino/hotel property.  I do though recommend heading up there for a drink and taking advantage of the views!
3	This place was alright, but definately not worth the ridiculous amount of money it costs. $40 for chicken?! Are you joking? If i'm going to pay $40 for chicken it better blow my foodie mind. I can assure you, it did not. While it was above decent, It didn't seem like anything I couldn't get in any other less expensive steak house. The menu is pretty limited so make sure you either like steak or seafood (neither of which i like) before you decide to spend the $$$ to eat here. The view is gorgeous (you have to go at night), but I could have just seen that by going to the observation deck. They did have orange flavored butter for the bread that was the highlight of my meal! One redeeming quality!Oh and the couple in front of us that was about the get it on at the table didn't really add to my experience. Please go back to your room....
3	Overrated. The rotation gave me a little headache so I was already a little annoyed to begin with. And then that with crappy service. No thanks. Our server was not attentive at all, half the time I would have forgotten what she had looked like if it wasnt for her horrific bleached blonde hair [with the roots showing]. We were a party of 4 and she went around assisting her other tables [larger parties] before us so we ended up constantly waiting for service the entire night, which was extremely annoying. She didnt bring out our food or drinks, nor did she refill them. I wanted to tip our her assistant because she was pretty much serving us.  The food was mediocre. I wasnt expecting too much, but to be payin $50-60 for just a steak with no side.. I wanted at least decent. [+1] My mood did get better so alrighttttttt.. the view was pretty cool. And we did get a booth facing out. Their butters were the shape of the stratosphere, which was kinda cool.. i guessss. We did end up tipping just 18%, knowing that her assistant would get tip share.
5	First I have to say I went here for my 30th birthday, and my bf had a dozen roses delivered to the table, this is probably what gave it an extra star that it would have lost due to the high prices which I knew was going to be an issue b/c my bf gave me a disclaimer and made me promise I'd order whatever I wanted and not look at prices.   Well that;s like asking me to sneeze with my eyes open. w/e. I ordered the salad w/ the maytag blue cheese dressing. The best freaking salad I've ever had. Main course i had the Jumbo prawns and scallops. Never  had either b4 and they were so freakin good. Sides: had 3 cheese au gratin potatoes and grilled asparagus. Delicious. SO much food I was so full. Did I mention the 3 types of butter w/ the bread? Delicious. I beleive one of them was orange flavored OMG so good. Too bad the meal averages about $80-100 a head b/c if it was just a tad cheaper I'd go back. Delicious! It was the fanciest night. And while normally I wouldnt had enjoyed the picture taking I was very happy she was there b/c I couldnt find my camera before we left for the strip that night. Thank goodness for $150 pictures. LOL.
5	My boyfriend and I ate here for our anniversary and the view, food, and service were great! And might I add, very romantical.The lobster bisque, filet mignon, and alaskan king crab legs were all melt in your mouth delicious. It is a bit pricey but you basically get what you pay far.Great place for a date or even a fancy night out with friends.
4	My boyfriend & I went here for our V-Day lunch in Feb of this year.  During our stay my bf injured his ankle & so I had to wheel him in a wheel chair.  Instead of taking a cab to this restaurant I decided to take a walk, sight see and wheel him over.  Keep in mind that I was staying at the Aria in the new City Center.  Omg, it look me over an hr to get there and I was in a very BAD mood.  To my surprises this place was everything I expected.  The food was decent and so were the prices.  We ordered there $30 rita so we could take the souvenir glass home.  I loved every moment that I was there and it was such a romantic setting for us.  We enjoyed the view of Vegas, it was beautiful.  The staff was SUPER friendly.  I also enjoyed seeing people ride the rides at from the top.  We later look our drinks to the observation level.  We spent several hrs there and really did enjoy our self.  Thanks Top of the World for giving me a V-day to remember!!
4	My husband, son and I came here for lunch and I ordered some type of seafood (scallops and shrimp) pasta, something was not right with some of the shellfish, so I asked for them to take it back.  I do have to say, it was pretty damn tasty except those couple pieces of shellfish.  I then asked for the lobster bisque.  IT WAS TO DIE FOR!   They give you a beautiful large bowl with pieces of lobster and butter in the middle, they then serve you the bisque separately.  I really enjoyed this, the rest of the food that my husband and son ordered was really good.  I'd come here again just for that lobster bisque.  Don't miss out!!!  By the way, our waitress was great, she was really good with my son and was so nice!
4	Went to dinner with the Better Half at the Top of the World Restaurant.  I've been there for lunch many times, but have never been for dinner.We were seated at a table along the edge of the restaurant, which had a perfect, unobstructed view of the valley.  Since our reservations were for 6:30 pm in the 1st week of April, we knew we were going to get a great view of the sunset.The waitress was very friendly and told us to take our time.  Here's a brief summary of our experience:Wine - We ordered a bottle of 2006 Scott Harvey Zinfandel.  It had a nice bite to it....hints of blackberry and pepper made it robust....yum!Appetizer - Portobello Mushroom, Red Pepper, and Buffalo Mozzarella in Olive Oil and Balsamic Vinegar......one of our favorites.  Very good.Entree - Lobster Tail stuffed with Crab meat.  Prime New York Strip with peppercorn crust.  Very, very good.  The meat was cooked just right.Side Dishes - Sides are ordered separately here.  We had Foie Gras, Risotto Gnocchi with Cheese, and Au Gratin Potatoes with Cheese.  The Au Gratin were a little overcooked, but the rest of them were fantastic!Dessert - They offered small desserts, which is perfect because I really hate large dessert dishes.  I think they're a waste of money and food.The Better Half had a chocolate something or other...can't remember right now (Thank you Scott Harvey!) ...I had the strawberry cheesecake lollipops and the cookies & cream lollipops....with dipping sauce and crumbled cookies....yes, they are as good as it sounds.  Check out the photos above to see them.Service - We were treated well from start to finish.  We had to ask for water a few times but that was the only strike against a perfect evening.I would have scored the restaurant 5 stars, but I felt that the menu was lacking more vegetarian options.  At the time of this visit I was trying to avoid eating meat....not go vegetarian, but just avoid it for a while.  There was only a grilled vegetable option, which sounded "blah" to me....so I broke my diet and went for the Prime NY Strip.Would I visit this place again?  Absolutely!  Awesome place to take your significant other and spend a romantic evening overlooking the Vegas Valley.
4	Two words: The view!And it spins!Came here for dinner and was seated at a table towards the center of the restaurant, so not too close to the window, which I guess didn't really matter because you can see the view from just about anywhere in the restaurant.Food was great and dessert presentation was beautiful.
4	Still coming off of my 'Joe's Seafood Prime Steak and Stone Crabs' dinner, I was weary of what meal was ahead of us.  We decide to check out Top of The World for lunch. I really enjoyed our meal here.  My husband and I both choose the premiere tasting menu ($36).  We both enjoyed salads as starters instead of the lobster bisque.  The salad was delicious. Light, flavorful, crisp, and well portioned.  For our second course I opt for the steak and crab cakes; my husband gets the steak with the lobster tail.  We really enjoyed the crab cakes and lobster, but our steak was not cooked to our liking.  We both ordered them 'medium', and got them at medium-well.  And they're pretty tricky by sitting it on top of a mini portabella...making me think I have more meat than I really do.  Lastly the dessert.  Excellent array of raspberry mousse, bread pudding, and chocolate cake.The service at Top of the World was excellent.  One thing I found amusing was our host had under his name: Compton Hills, CA (all employees have a notation of where they're from).  Compton Hills, CA.....highly suspect. Haha.  The view is spectacular, and the food is good.  I wouldn't put it on my list of 'must-haves' in Vegas, but maybe 'must try at least once'.
4	A spinning restaurant sounds a bit like a disaster of nausea waiting to happen, but it's really not like that. This restaurant looks out over all of Las Vegas and, yes it spins, but so slowly you don't really notice it. Well, not until you get up to go to the bathroom and lose your table for a few seconds. Overall, it's a bit overpriced for the quality of the food, but our waiter was fantastic, we were in a great mood, the view was fantastic, and my friends and I looked fantastic (it's all about me, me, me). I ordered the Filet Mignon and it was cooked to my specifications, the wine that accompanied it was a good choice, and the sides did the job. I wouldn't say this is anywhere close to the best steak I've ever had, but it was pretty darn good. Plus, the joy of looking out over the bright Vegas lights gives it an extra star. I would suggest checking it out if you're a Vegas regular and haven't had the chance yet.
5	Just had  a delicious filet at the Top of the World! The service was impeccable, food delightful and the view from atop the Stratosphere is nothing short of spectacular. The slow rotation of the restaurant is barely noticeable. I've lived in Vegas for twenty years and this is my first visit. It certainly won't be the last. If you want to do something very special when you're in Vegas, this might just be for you. I can only describe our experience here as perfect.!
3	If you have a fear of heights, like me, stay away. I'm sure this place deserves more than 3 stars but that's the most I'm able to give considering that all I remember from the meal is the relief that it was over and could go back down to solid ground. Even the elevator ride up was nauseating. Perhaps if they served some Valium with the meal my feelings would have been a little less tense and I would have been able to enjoy this experience.
2	This place looks like it used to be a great restaurant, but it's showing it's age.  The view was pretty cool and I'd have to say the spinning was novel, but it doesn't make up for the horrible food.  Oh and don't bother dressing up, I saw nothing but jeans and T-shirts.  I got the roast chicken and it was swimming in some funky sauce.  I didn't even bother to eat the salad because it smelled like feet.  Dessert was decent but it was the meal's only saving grace.       I was sitting at a four person table with two people and the wait staff knocked into me a couple of times.  You'd think they would have mastered walking in between the spinning part and non-spinning part of the place.  I was told one of the windows was shot out and they could not replace it.  (How ghetto is that?)  How did they get the windows in in the first place?  Can't put in another one, now the wind whips and rattles a black board stuffed up in there.  Kind of distracting when your trying to have a nice meal.       There are some people walking around taking pictures, don't do it.  It's a total rip-off.  Our pictures were blurry and made us look really shinny.  Some even had red eye.  One had a waiter in the back ground and I was told I could go home and just cut up the pictures.  Seventy eight bucks for two photos and two wallets is insane, especially when they suck.  If it wasn't my anniversary and my husband wanting them I probably would have told them to forget it.     Not coming back here.  The view is not worth it.  I'd go back to the Voodoo Lounge because they have a view too, and food you'd actually want to eat.
5	View: BEAUTIFUL (go at night) the room doesn't spin fast or anything so no worries of being nauseated or dizzy.Food: DELICIOUS. Great portion. The portion was bigger than I thought (2 thumbs up especially for the fine dining price.) I ordered the quail (WOW) and my bf ordered the filet mignon (another WOW). Both dishes were AWESOME!! As for dessert, we ordered the trio where u get to choose any 3 from their dessert menu. I think we ordered chocolate lava cake, banana bread pudding, and creme brulee. OMG the creme brulee was my FAVORITE of all 3 and my bf said that the bread pudding was the best he's ever tasted (and he's tasted ALOT.)Service: what more can I say. 5 star service.
5	We almost didn't go here, it was on our last day in Vegas we decided to check it out.Instead of paying to go to the observation deck (which is $17 per person!), we decided to have lunch at the restaurant instead.  What a treat!They have a decent menu with good lunch options, but they also had a chef's fixed price option (3 courses).  We decided to go with the chef's menu, which was wonderful.We both had lobster bisque as an appetizer, which was good.  Then the entrees were ricotta gnocci and miso glazed salmon, both of which were delectible.  The gnocci was very tender and the salmon just melted in your mouth.For dessert, it was a tasting tray of mini desserts, which looked like they came out of a cooking magazine.  One of them actually had a little bit of gold leaf on it!The drinks were fabulous, we tried the Bloody Mary (nice and peppery/spicy) and the Mango Madness (it was lightand refreshing).What a great place, I would definitely go back there!
4	I was torn between 4 and 5 stars, but I Settled on 4First off, this is an awesome place to take a date, as it really is one of a kind in regards to the design. The glass panels aren't exactly romantic, but the view definitely is. I expected the food to be decent and to be paying for the view, but that wasn't exactly the case. I had the Steak and Crab Cake combination as my entree and it was fantastic. I go medium and the steak was just red enough to be flavorful, without the sinewy raw taste you get when its undercooked in the middle. The sauce was great and the portabello mushroom underneath was a great pairing. My GF had the Chicken which she thought was very good (not amazing, but good). We shared the ahi tuna salad which was very nice as well. Our waiter (I forgot his name, but he had short dark hair). was awesome. The entire meal he was helpful and always there to check up on us. The sommelier was very helpful in helping us pick our half bottle of whine and understood we were on a budget of sorts. Overall, the food was great if not fantastic, however, at nearly 200 bucks after tip, I can't give it 5 stars for great food, it would have to be some of the best I have had. Again, great place to take a Date
4	I have eaten there twice and was NEVER disappointed. While the prices are very, very high, I felt I got what I paid for through and through. I ordered the Filet Mignon with Lobster tail, and let me tell you, the lobster tail was the most tender I had ever experienced outside of Boston. Their cocktails are so so, you really have to ask for Premium liquor to get a buzz on. Service is fast and very, very professional. It will be a routine stop every single time I go back to Vegas.
5	This place is a deinite must go. The view is worth the price of the food, which has always been well prepared each time I visit, about once a year. If you want to escape from the smoke and noise of the casino hotels there is no better place. Focus on the restaurant, not the hotel its adjacent to. You'll be pleasantly suprised. Go just before sunset and you'll view the city as the lights come on. Better to spend your money here then lose it at the gaming tables.
4	Food is great!Must get the filet mignon with red wine mushroom sauce.Pretty much everything is good and prices are reasonable.+Plus the 360 sceanic view.
4	You should get a reservation but they will except walk in's. The seafood stack is amazing and presented so classy. The crab legs were huge and juicy. We have been there a few times when visiting Las Vegas and will go back.
3	(Disclaimer: this is mostly a vegan review, although there may be some bits of meaty wisdom sprinkled throughout.) Vegans, save your money and just go have a drink in the lounge.  There is really nothing vegan on the menu here, except for a (no butter, no toppings) baked potato and salad (oil and vinegar).  But who really goes here for the food anyway??I came along with a meat-loving foodie who was picking up the tab on an expense account (thank god! it is PRICEY!).  He was not crazy about any of his food (which I believe was a cheese plate and steak?), but the wine was great and the view is of course spectacular!!  The service was very good as well.I had a good time, but the food isn't good enough to bring me back. Especially when you can just go up to the lounge and have a $10 cocktail and enjoy essentially the same view.  That is definitely worth the 100-story elevator ride!Food, 2 stars.  View, 4.
1	Poor service and poor food.  If I payed 20 bucks I would have been disappointed.  Considering I paid over 100 dollars per person, I was highly disappointed.  They did not even have the air conditioning working until the later half of my meal.  I went here 5 years ago and was very impressed.  After this last visit I won't return.
4	We called this thursday morning and got reservations for 9PM. We got there right on time, and our table was ready in a couple minutes. The inside of the restaurant is a little dated, but the view TOTALLY makes up for it. Isn't that why everyone comes here anyway???First thing I did was ask for a Sam Addams...AAAIIIIGGGHHHTTT. No Sam Addams !...no shock top,guiness,redhook, shipyard, blue moon, or basically ANY beer I would consider drinking.(they do have a large wine list, if you're into that sorta thing)  This is NOT a place to go for a guy.I ordered water, and some champagne for the wife. We ended up ordering Portabella Mushrooms with Buffalo Mozzarella and corn chowder for appetizers. They where good(not really worth the 10 bucks a piece though) For our main course we split the rib-eye steak with peppercorn sauce. The steak was absolutely AWESOME, cooked to perfection. SUPER juicy and moist. I cut my steak with the FORK !  This is a rarity for a restaurant to have prepared their meat so well.Even with us splitting the steak, our meal came out to over $125 + tip.( 8 dollar extra plate charge) And she only had a single glass of the cheapest champagne on the list (12 bucks)Summery: The steak was GREAT, everything else was a rip off. But hey, they gotta make that room spin somehow :0)
4	My GF and I decided to try ToW for dinner while in Vegas and were not disappointed.  Prices are definitely a little on the high side, however, the food is great and the view is spectacular.  Make sure you go slightly before sunset so you can see Vegas in the sunlight, then the sunset on the mountains, and then the Strip lit up at night. On to the food:The kobe beef carpaccio was excellent.  The truffle oil and capers were perfect with the thinly sliced meat.  I had the New York Strip, which was perfectly cooked to medium-rare and extremely tasty.  The Cabernet that I had with my steak was definitely too expensive and very average.  The desserts were also great, we shared the strawberry cheesecake lollipops, the chocolate raspberry creme brulee and the mousse cup and all 3 were delicious.All in all, ToW is slightly overpriced but definitely a spot to hit up for the experience alone.  The service was excellent as well, we were seated promptly, our waiter was attentive and the food came out fairly quickly.
5	First of all, the service here was excellent.  A server that can sit along side with me after our wine was served and before our appetizer was ready to share photos of our puppies is surely a moment of good interaction vs. scripted menu specials and courtesy calls like"how is that wine?" when they really don't give a damn...  Eventhough, this flamboyant waitor still gave good recommendations, after our moment, I trusted him fully.We both started with our own lobster bisque.  It was spectacular.  No black pepper needed, just fyi if the server asks if you would like some black pepper with that, say no! I had the black cod and my man had the filet.  His steak was cooked perfect.  It was so tender and flavorful. My fish on the other hand was only so so.  It was moist, and the fish was fresh, but somehow the fish loss its flavor.  I wouldn't order this again.Their dessert menu was in very small portions, so even after our very satisfied meals, we were able to try the cheesecake trio and the chocolate creme brulee.  The bf loved the cheesecake, which was on a stick like a lollipop which you dip in different flavor sides, his favorite was the oreo.  The view was amazing, we sat there front early evening when the sun was still out until night and saw the restaurant just transform.  From full of light and open space and windows as walls that we face from the table where we were sat.  To dim lights insdie so that the las vegas city strip lights are still considered bright.  I have not stepped into the stratosphere for the hotel or casino, but will definitely come back to this restaurant again.  Next time, I want to have their steak and lobster combo!Great wine selection.Once in a while a bungee jumper will be in sight while he/she drops off the side of the building.  The restaurants rotates very slowly so you get a different view every minute. Great staff, even the manager of the restaurant gets around to almost every table to chat a bit.  Excellent service from beginning to end.
4	I made the mistake of thinking that this place was a walkable distance from our hotel (Mirage). Man was I wrong! We were walking, more like running (me in heels) for a good 15mns. When we got to our appointment, more than an hour late, all sweaty, we were greeted with all smiles and great service. Still seated right away. For that we were thankful. View is stunning. For someone with a fear of heights, I was afraid of feeling ill from the tower rotations every 20mns. Totally wasn't the case. In reality, you could barely feel them. Food was delicious. Steak and lobster combo is a real winner. It's definitely one of those restaurant worth visiting in your lifetime.
2	I went to this restaurant with my husband, sister in law and brother in law. I was excited because it was supposed to be really good food and the view is supposed to be something really exciting. When we first went up the elevator to the restaurant and got off....you have to go through a metal detector before entering this restaurant which if you ask me is a bit paranoid. It was a bit much and a little disconcerting thinking that they need metal detectors because...a) they've had threats or b) they are just really paranoid. We sat down and I'm a larger person and so is my husband. Their chairs are all the same size...not large enough to accommodate a larger person. We both had to sit on the front edge of the seat the entire time we were there. It was not comfortable at all, but we were happy to do so thinking the meal would be well worth it. We started looking through the menu and was a bit disappointed because there just wasn't that much to choose from. I opted for the hamburger and my husband got the lobster ravioli. Both my sister and brother in law got the hamburgers. We waited for what seemed like forever to get our food and there wasn't many other people in the restaurant at the time so we didn't understand what was taking so long. It was about a 40 minute wait. The waiter finally came back with our food and I got a whiff of my husbands lobster ravioli and almost gagged. It smelled horrible! But I looked at my burger and it wasn't the well done that I ordered it was less than well done. But I never send anything back to the chef...no way. The burger is huge and it comes with large slices of tomato and lettuce...if I would have put all that on my burger there is no way I would have been able to even take a bite of it, it was too big. The bun was dry, the burger tasted like it hadn't been seasoned at all and the tomotoes were too big to eat on the burger. It was a tasteless burger and i wouldn't recommend this restaurant. My husband couldn't even eat his lobster ravioli because he said it had an awful taste to it. I tasted it and he was right, I almost spit it back into my napkin. I've never tasted anything so retched in all my life. I will never go there again.
5	No other place takes the cake other than TOP OF THE WORLDThis is what makes Sin City what it is all about.  Good thing our reservations were for dinner time, because the city isn't much of a sight to see without all the neon lights of the night.The view is spectacular.  And the floor revolves.  You don't feel it, but if you look closely enough, you can see it.  Nothing like the "mood" lighting and the white tablecloth on the table.  It was well-worth it.  They have a number next to each item on the menu.  Common sense would say that it is the price.  Everything is a la carte.  The food is cuisine-like.  Don't expect to get full...unless you're prepared to pay.  But for my honey and I, it really was so well-worth it.  I would definately come back here for special occassions and with my other half, but not too often.  This place is so special and visually-stunning, that I'd hate to keep coming back only to evetually feel just like any mediocre place.But to Top of the World Restaurant....I definately give my hats off to you.
4	Love it!! My boyfriend took me to dinner here for my birthday. Our reservation was at 7:30 pm so we got to enjoy the terrific 360 scenic view of Vegas during the day, sundown, and at night w/ all the bright lights. Also, watching people sky jump off the tower was amusing!I ordered the 5 course tasting menu and my bf ordered the rack of lamb and a bottle of wine. Portions were big and there was more than enough for the two of us. The lamb was cooked and seasoned well. The tasting menu I got included the following:Lobster bisque - Lots of lobster, good texture, my bf liked it but I found it to be too salty.Crab cakes - This was yummy! Crispy and golden outside, and soft inside. The papaya salad added a nice balance.Miso black cod - Also yummy. Cooked well, not over seasoned, melts in your mouth.Filet w/ Red Wine Mushroom Sauce - Yum! No A1 here =PDessert Trio - banana something was my favorite, chocolate cake, and a raspberry mousse.Service was excellent. Waitress was so sweet and attentive and the staff helps you find your way to the restroom ( a little confusing when you're rotating and had a couple drinks). Not at all disappointed, despite the $200+ bill. Great place for a special occasion, I definitely enjoyed it and will be back.
5	I came here with a couple friends Mid July 2010! Tremendous view, you honestly cannot beat it. Now, it was quiet and friendly and entertaining with the jumpers from the higher floor, very cool to see.. Thought about doing it, but i am a chicken hahaI got the Lobster and Steak Combination dinner  for only $40, which came with Lobster Bisque, roasted Potatoes, seared vegetables AND DESSERT!Presentation was fabulous, all of the staff were friendly nice and hapy...LOBSTER... I have had lobster A LOT... and 90% of the time at restaurants its Overcooked and tuff and flavorless.. and 1 time it was so bad i had to ask them to make it again... the Chef told me that was the way its supposed to be cooked... uh huh..Top of the world restaurant Chef, I Love You... You made the most perfect succulent and sweet lobster i have ever had the pleasure of eating... Lobster wow.. :)Steak, flavorful perfectly cooked to my liking, if only they had better cuts.. The Lobster Bisque was smoky rustic and authentic tasting, it may have been slightly smoky for me but i still ate every drop.. and sopped it up with my breadDESSERT... There were three different kinds one with raspberry creme which was delicious a chocolate morsel and something else i cannot remember.. i ate them too fast... lovely presentationThe Chef is amazing, i found out at the end of the meal he is French no wonder!! GO HERE!! You will NOT regret it!! mmm delicioso!!
5	Excellent choice for a special dinner while visiting Las Vegas. Especially at night so you can view the amazing cityscape below as the hotel turns extra slow. Food was really great and the staff was so helpful. We have been there on a number of occasions but decided to take our 11 month old and were a bit worried of how it would work out since the restaurant does not seem to be "kid friendly" and more "romantic". Soon as we arrived, they were extremely great with us and even kept stopping by to say hello to our daughter. She loved the place and relaxed while mommy and daddy had a great dinner. Would highly recommend this place to anyone! :) Will definitely visit again soon.
5	Amazing view.... and the food was decent.
3	I went here just yesterday for dinner to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. For a quick summary, here are my thoughts:-View: 5 stars.-Ambience: 3 stars-Service/Wait Time: 3 stars-Food: 3 starsAnd for more in-depth explanation:View:It's a view 800ft above the ground overlooking the strip. And it rotates. It is just as amazing and breathtaking as you would expect. We requested a seat by the giant floor to ceiling windows, which made it even better. We also saw 5 different people jump  for the Stratosphere sky jump, which was great fun to watch. If you want to go somewhere with a great view, this can't be beat.Ambience:Despite the gorgeous view, the restaurant's ambience was lacking. The decor (table setting, furniture, lighting) appeared very outdated and did not give a sense of elegance. The lighting was especially weak. It did not give the kind of ambience that so many restaurants in LA give. If you take away the amazing view and just look at the restaurant in general, I guarantee anyone would be severely disappointed. In addition, the restaurant's website said the business casual dress code was "strictly enforced", yet I saw people wearing shorts, flip-flops and tank tops. My boyfriend and I got dressed up for the night and wanted to go somewhere fancy. I think it just really kills the mood and feeling of extravagance when you look behind you and some guy is in a wife beater.Service:We got there at exactly 6:30pm (our reservation time) and was seated right away. However, the hostess brought us to a table that wasn't right next to the window, so we asked to be moved. She said it would be a 20 minute wait, which we agreed to. During the wait, we went upstairs to the bar/lounge area, which was nice. It wasn't busy at all but it happened to be Happy Hour and we got a 2-for-1 deal on a delicious margarita (some type of orange flavor with pop rocks!). Anyways, we waited for a while and enjoyed the view from the lounge, but then 20 minutes became 30 which then became 40! We finally went back down and they apologized for the long wait and led us to a window table right away. Our waiter was friendly and helpful - not exemplary but certainly not bad. However, our food took another 40 MINUTES to prepare!! I definitely did not expect that long of a wait and was severely disappointed at that (especially because the restaurant was not busy AT ALL. I saw at least 4 empty tables around ours). Overall, the service was fine but the wait time (especially on a slow night) was awful. However, keep in mind that we went there with a $25 gift certificate, which might have affected our service? If so, that is pretty dishonorable. Food:The complimentary bread/butter they gave was delicious. They give you a plate of three different kinds of butter (regular, garlic, and marmalade) which was awesome and was actually my favorite food of the night (whether that' s a good or bad thing - you decide).My boyfriend had the 10oz. USDA Choice Filet with Red Wine Mushroom Sauce for $53. The portion was quite small and all he had was literally the piece of steak and that was it. No vegetables or anything. The steak itself was good (I had a piece) - tender and juicy. However, it is nowhere near the best steak I've ever eaten and, in my opinion, not worth the price AT ALL! Lala's Argentine Grill in West Hollywood, CA has significantly better steaks for around $20.I had the Fettuccine Seafood Alfredo with Lobster, Prawns and Scallops or $40. It was ONLY OKAY. Honestly, I've had better pasta at casual restaurants like CPK and BJ's for around $20 (Baby Clam Linguini with lemon cream sauce at CPK or the Spaghettini with Fresh Clams at the Grand Lux Cafe in the Palazzo are significantly better). The sauce was not creamy and actually kind of cold right at the start. Some of the pasta was even hard/undercooked. However, the prawns and scallops were a hearty size and cooked very well. My plate only had one piece of lobster though, and that was dry and almost tasteless.So, overall, if you want to go for the view - DO IT, because the view is amazing. However, I felt the food was NOT WORTH THE PRICE at all and really regret going there. If you have the money to spend, do it. Otherwise, tell them you just want to go up to the Lounge, not the restaurant. You'll still get to go up the tower and see the view and if it's Happy Hour,you get 2-for-1 martinis! Then, take the money you save and go to the RIO seafood buffet and eat to your heart's content.
3	We went there for lunch and the view was what made the experience. FOOD:  I had the Crabcakes.  It was spendy, but it was nice and lite.  Everything else on the menu looked heavy and more for a Winter meal.  DRINKS:  We didn't get drunk, because the drinks were so expensive.  But, they had a nice full selection to choose from. SERVICE:  The service was okay.  We didn't have to pay to go up in the elevator, since we were eating at the restaurant.  ATMOSPHERE:  The view from the revolving restaurant is what made the experience fun.  After lunch, we went out on the terrace and enjoyed the view and watched the rides that were at the top.  We didn't go on the rides because they seemed so insane.  WOULD I GO THERE AGAIN?:  Sure, I would go there again, just for the view.  The food was adequate, but the view made our experience fun.
4	Took a special lady at the time here for her birthday awhile back. This is one of those restaurants worth at least experiencing at least once in your visits to Las Vegas. The view up here was pretty cool with a different perspective. 800 feet high with a 360 degree view of Las Vegas and the surrounding desert and mountains from a revolving tower restaurant. We had dinner reservations in the evening so we were able to see Las Vegas during the day and then watch the night come to life with the crazy lights the city is known for.I thought the food was okay. Not too small, but not hearty either. I'm an I-can-eat-anything-and-everything type of guy (except for fruits and vegetables) and prefer buffets when I'm in Vegas, but since this was a special occasion I wanted to take my date out to someplace different and nice. In all I spent around $160 for dinner and then another $40 for 2 drinks in the upstairs level lounge area; debit card ouch!..but it was worth it at the time. Like everyone here comments, you're really paying for the view and experience to be on Top Of The World.I would give this place 5 stars if they maybe offered a buffet option without breaking the bank. Yup, I wants me my Las Vegas buffets! LoL
5	Despite its location (away from the main strip and in a scary looking casino), this is one of our favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. Twelve years ago my husband and I had our dinner reception here on our wedding day, and a year later my best friend and her husband did the same. Since then, Vegas has changed a lot, but the view and food at Top of the World remains as good as the first time. The menu has a good variety, the wine list is extensive (they also have a very long list of scotch). The food is great, the service is attentive, and the view is among the best you can get in Vegas.Over the years we have bought many friends here, and I would still go back in a heart beat!Come here for dinner instead of lunch. Make an early dinner reservation so you get to see Vegas at sunset and at night. There is no better place to spend three hours for a relaxing, enjoyable and delightful dinner.
3	Over hyped, over expensive food. I'm a true believer that good food should not cost an arm and a leg. But if its expensive it should taste better than Olive garden. I had the lobster bisque which tasted good during the first 5 spoon fulls but become too rich for a large bowl ($12). For entree, I ordered the seafood alfredo with lobster, prawns and scallops. Lobster was overcooked and I only found 2 chunks ($45). The pasta tasted like whole wheat pasta and I'm pretty sure the menu did not state whole wheat. I sampled my friend's salmon dish ($40) and it tasted overcooked and dried out. I also tried the foie gras tater tots ($11) which tasted more like mediocre hush puppies than anything like foie gras. The Mini desserts trio are not even worth mentioning. I was really looking forward to the meal and its sad that I prefer Olive Garden over this place. Yes, the view is pretty awesome and its rotating. But you can pay $16 to check out the view and walk around it slowly if you want to simulate the rotating view. There are so many better options on/off the strip!If you like thrill rides, check out Big Shot, Insanity and X Scream. Price of tickets include admission to the top of the tower.If you don't believe me that this place is overpriced compare the lunch menu to the dinner menu. The same entrees on the lunch menu are double in price on the dinner menu. Don't fall for this tourist trap!
2	Well I've only been here twice but it seems like that was enough times. We've only gone for lunch since it seems like you get the same food at half the price with the same view(which is kind of what you're paying for.) The service is good but the food itself leaves you expecting to have had more. The pastas are good, however, I like the pasta at the Italian restaurant downstairs more. I've tried the burgers which were actually really good, however last time I had a philly cheesesteak sandwich and it was a little on the small side. Sure $15 isn't outrageous for a sandwich, you just expect it to be a slightly bigger size. Also, last time we went, there was a woman who kept walking behind us so that she could take pictures outside the window. This isn't that bad, but when she kept doing it over and over for 10 minutes straight, eventually, we'd like to be able to enjoy the view rather than stare at her ass in our faces the whole time. I thought the staff could have really said something to her after she just wouldn't sit down. Also, the fire alarm was set off downstairs while we were eating and it was going off for what was literally 10-15 minutes. This is a long time to have a very loud BLARING alarm going off while you are paying for what I consider a classy restaraunt experience. The manager did come around to every table and apologize after about 5, minutes, and then came around again to every table to let us know that they were working on turning it off. That's nice, but after 15 minutes of not being able to hear each other speak and having this blaring alarm in our ears, I really thought we could expect some kind of discount. 10% or at least a free drink. I understand you can't go around looking for free stuff all the time, but when you're paying for a classy experience and as your food arrives you have to sit there and listen to a fire alarm going off right next your ears(it wasn't in the room over or somewhere far away, it was LOUD, and in the dining area), you'd expect something, right? Well we didn't get anything comped which was surprising for how bad our experience was, and then we had to wait 10 minutes for the elevators to start working again since they shut off automatically when the fire alarm goes off. We thought about going upstairs to walk around but when we saw the crowd of people on the observation deck waiting for an elevator, we walked back down to wait in their lounge area. I'm not saying this place is bad, I just think for the price you could definitely get better, and you don't wan't to know what it's like to pay $25-$30 a person to get front row tickets to the fire alarm concert.
5	The best view in all of Las Vegas.  Good food, service, presentation.  Not much more to say.
1	I do not understand the positive reviews on here for such a horrible restaurant!  The food was over prices and tasteless.  My husband had the filet $54.  it was drowning in a horrible brandy sauce.  It was possibly the fattiest steak i have ever seen, especially for a filet.  Over half was left over due to the fat that was cut away.  The Creamed spinach was OK.  But $10 for a vat of it.  it would be nice if they had single servings.  I had the tasting menu, $85.  The lobster bisque was ok but too rich.  The Crab cake was over powered but a papaya slaw (the papaya clearly out of season as it was bitter and rancid tasting).  The Fish... OMG, the fish... it was completely tasteless. Then my filet... yuck!  it came with a side of Potato Au Gratin with tasted like paste.  again my steak was drowning in a sauce with onions that we inedible.  Finally time for dessert... it was a trio of desserts (banana pudding, some chocolate tradgedy and raspberry whipped cream).  My husband took a bite of the banana pudding and described it as "flour mixed with snot".  Our Bill was over $200 and that did not include wine.  The view was nice, but then again, there are many other places you can eat with a nice view.  MIX and Mandalay Bay has a wondeful view and dynamite food.
2	The Top of the World Restaurant .. dot dot dot...Came with a huge party to celebrate a birthday on a Saturday night.  The restaurant was not very busy which makes sense for the current economy and the prices of this restaurant.  Besides their amazing view and outstanding service, this place was maybe on top of the world but certainly not on top of their food.  I can describe this experience as cafeteria food in the elegant setting.  The sixty something dollars I spent here would've been better spent going to the terrace upstairs and riding the rides.  I ordered the Kurobuta Pork Chop which was, again, something I could probably get at  a hospital's cafeteria for less than $7 but instead I paid 6 times more that amount.  Which by the way, they charge minimum $50 per person since they include the "ride" to see the view.  The only thing that was good was the sweet mashed potatoes.  I actually enjoyed the pork chop's sauce with the sweet mashed potatoes more than with the dry flavorless pork chop.  The sauce had a sweet and spicy kick that didn't overwhelm the dish.The service however, outstanding!  Top notch.  Our server has to be one of the best servers I've had.  I forgot his name but he had interesting eyebrows.  He knew the entire menu and did not leave our side the entire time.Here's my recommendation if you're reading this.  Eat at the Stratosphere's food court (or somewhere else besides this restaurant) and take your date upstairs to enjoy the amazing view.  You will not regret this as much, TRUST ME.  Actually, there's a very cool bar on the second floor where you can enjoy the view too.  Do not eat here though.  I tried other plates from the rest of my party and nothing really had a great taste considering their prices.1 Star for the food, 5 stars for the location and the service.
2	This was my first time here and indeed the view of the city was amazing!  However, that was all I can really say was great about this restaurant.  Even though we had reservation, the hosting at the door was quite unorganized.  We checked in, and was told to stand to the side to wait for our table.  We waited for a while, and finally had to flag down another hostess to take us to our table.  She didn't seem very happy, and didn't even greet us until we arrived at our table.My boyfriend had the five courses tasting menu which came with the soup of the day, crab cake with green papaya salad, roasted miso black cod with ponzu butter sauce, grilled petit filet mignon, and mini desserts trio.  I had the large prawns and scallops with Morrocan couscous, and we ordered half a dozen oysters to share.  The food overall was mediocre for such a nice restaurant, and not flavorful at all.  My favorite out of all those dishes were the oysters, but I've tasted so much better in Vegas.Our waiter was nice and had our glasses of water refilled constantly.  Other than the ambiance, I wouldn't recommend this place if you wanted something yummy for your palate.  Also, the restaurant slowly revolves so you get to see all angles of the city.  I am sensitive to motion, so it was a little uneasy at first, but after a while, I got use to it.
5	Decided to come here for my hun and my 5th anniversary! I was so impress by everything. The view is so amazing and it was purely a lot of fun. We saw a bunch of bride in their pretty dresses and of course the rides that hang off around the restaurant. I ended up getting the 5 course tasting menu and my hun got a N.Y. steak. The N.Y. steak was pretty good and the waiter was so nice that we were able to switch the sauce for a different sauce. 5 course mealCaesar salad-average crab cake-so good, loaded with tons of crab meatfish-it was okay filet Mignon-so tender and yum-e-yumdessert-so-so (would have order a different one) Service was the best. Love that they change your plate every time a new dish comes out. Always on time with the water and food. Our waiter was the best too he help us take a nice picture and even help us change the setting to our camera. This place is so amazing that we end up making it a every 5 year anniversary spot! :)
4	I wound up here completely by chance.  It all began with a last minute Hotwire reservation that put me at the Stratosphere hotel for a night (I was extending my stay in town for a day, and rooms were hard to come by).  Checking in mid afternoon, a very nice Guatemalan girl at reception gave me a voucher for my choice of a free drink (champagne or bloody mary) or a free ceviche at the Top of the World Restaurant located at the very top of the hotel.  The voucher even had a detailed recipe for the ceviche on the back, and it looked delicious.  I was famished and even though it was mid-afternoon I could still make it for lunch.  So off I went.I should probably begin by describing the view.  That is obviously the clear draw of this restaurant.  The main floor is encircled by windows that extend down to the floor and allow, collectively, a 360 degree, panoramic view of the desert floor below.  While the view was very impressive, I thought initially, that where I was seated would determine how good my view actually was.  The designers of the restaurant, of course, thought about this.  Their creative solution?  Make the restaurant revolve!  That's right, in the course of an hour, you will make a full spin, so everyone will be guaranteed a private minute with the best vantage point of the Strip lying below.  Genius.  It was probably the only time I used my camera in a restaurant for taking pictures of something other than the food.  If that were not enough, you will occasionally witness bodies dropping past your window, hurtling downward to a most certain death only to be granted a reprieve at the very last moment.  Some sort of macabre activity called a SkyJump.  I was pretty pleased with all of this.  I was able to see Las Vegas in a way that I never saw it before, so it really transcended the level of being a gimmick.  I was happy I went here for lunch.  So, what about that lunch?  Well, I opted for the free ceviche and additionally ordered a po boy.  The ceviche, for all of the hype and glossy advertisement, was singularly disappointing.  A lone jumbo shrimp in a shot glass of spicy sauce.  There were no implements to assist in eating this, so one could only dip the shrimp in the sauce and eat it directly -- not exactly a ceviche.  More like a step up from shrimp cocktail, but the flavor profile of the dipping sauce was not particularly memorable.  The sandwich was considerably better though.  The portion size was especially large, and the flavor was clear and consistent throughout.  The ingredients were of good quality, and I was pleased with the texture.  Even the shoestring fries were good.  So they redeemed themselves.   Between my comfort food, my glass of white wine, and the extraordinary views, I had a grand time making my way through a lazy afternoon.  Highly recommend going at least once for the view.  A more economical option is to go for lunch rather than dinner, since the view is the same.  The food seems to be generally good, but it's not the biggest draw as one can certainly eat better elsewhere on the Strip.  Overall, 4 stars. (slightly less if there was no view)
1	The view is incredible! But if you're planning on a good meal to go along with the nice view,,,think again! This place was AWFUL!!!! From the bland salad and the horrible appetizers and the very -over priced dinner, it's just one disappointment to the next. If you just have to go here,,,get a drink, sit in the lounge and enjoy the music and the great view. DON'T Eat here you will be very disappointed!
2	OK food but the view is why to go.And you get to see the bungee jumpers plummet every couple minutes.Food is just OK.I got the chicken and it was good.Dessert was delicious.View was as promised and the service was excellent.Hate that hotel though--it's dirty--wish they could move this one to a nicer spot.Overall 2.5 stars.
3	We have been to the Top of the World many times.  Spending tons of money and never had a situation like our 10th anniversary evening.  First off, the receptionists were not on their A game that night.  Sorry, but that is not my problem when I am going to spend $160 for dinner for 2.  Finally got to our table about 30 minutes late.  Dinner and the view is always incredible.  However once our dinner was over that was pretty much it.  When we were seated the greeter wished us a happy anniversary and that was that... not a complimentary NOTHING.  We were pretty bummed.   We have decided to chose a new fancy restaurant for our next trip to Vegas.
5	I took my bf here for his bday.  I thought the food was great!  You have GOT to try the Lobster Bisque!  The view is TO DIE FOR!  If anything, it is worth the bill just to eat and look over the city!  It's very romantic and worth every penny we spent!!!
3	I think about 50% of the bill is going towards the atmosphere.  The food is not outstanding.  We went with the 5 course tasting menu since I couldn't justify paying $60+ for an a la carte steak when I could just go to Carnevino down the street.We still had a fun time and the service was excellent.  The jazz band was a nice touch and it was great watching people do the sky jump.  Definitely a tourist trap though.  Restaurant.com coupon helped the bill hurt less.  But I'm pretty sure this will be the only/last time I eat here.  Dinner some place else and then the bar here all the way next time.
4	A little on the expensive side if you are just considering paying for the food, but wake up and look out the window. My wife and I spent the entire time staring into each others ey... I mean spent the entire time looking out the window. It was worth the extra money.
5	So, I came with my boyfriend for his birthday and well, walking through Stratosphere was kind of meh. The hotel is average so we weren't sure how great the restaurant was and were kinda doubting how good the food was gonna be. Well boy were we mistaken.. although the hotel was average, the restaurant was definitely outstanding. My boyfriend ordered the 16oz Prime Rib-Eye with Seared Foie Gras. The steak was cooked perfectly at medium rare and the foie gras was absolutely delectable. I ordered the five course set meal and I must say... there wasn't a dish that I did not like. The drink pairings that came with it was just perfect and enhanced the taste of the food.Not only is the food excellent, but the service is amazing. Our waiter came around just enough to inquire how everything was and made sure we were comfortable. The view was also very amazing, it was nice to see the beautiful night lights of Vegas.It was one of the best meals of my life and I can't wait to come back for more!
4	I was in Vegas and wanted to do something special for my special someone. I had read up on the Top of the World restaurant and thought between the time of year (winter), food and views, that this place would be ideal and romantic. I had booked my reservation very easily through a website called Open Table via the Top of the World website link. However, I found a place in Vegas that sold discounted tickets and was so excited to take advantage of that. I was able to get 25% off of my entree's for the cost of only $3 per person. Basically I saved $34 for a $6 investment. Keep in mind that this offer is good but it's M-Th only and I did happen to go to the restaurant on a Monday night. The ticket place not only saved me money but also was abe to re-book my reservation for a more convenient time. So the hotel itself is what I call...ghetto-fab, and it is not located in the best part of Vegas since it is in the Stratosphere. I would only take this experience down a notch because of the location. We came dressed to impress (they do have a dress code), and we took a private elevator to the top of the Stratosphere to the restaurant entrance. We got there a little earlier than our reservation time and took advantage of their lounge area. The lounge had very ambient lighting and was surrounded by amazing night views of the city. The staff were friendly, and the drinks were well made. When it came time for dinner, we decided on an appetizer and the Surf & Turf. Everything was amazing. We received an assortment of breads and 3 different types of butter as our pre-appetizer. The butter didn't even taste like butter, it was very delicious!!! The steak cut like butter, the lobster was perfecty cooked, and our appetizer (thinly cut steak, capers, sauce), was so delicious. We skipped dessert because I was very full from dinner and I hope to try some the next time we go. We also had our pictures professionaly taken by a photographer who walks around. Prices were somewhat typical but she did a good job and I actually purchased some of the pictures. The view was amazing and we found ourselves just staring at the city for periods of time. It was very cold out (November) but we walked around on the inside and watched the crazy people do the Sky Jump off of that floor. Which is, by the way, something you get to see in the restaurant. People dropping off the top ads a different element to your dinner experience. Overall, it was well worth it (especially after getting the discount coupon), and I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a nice place to wine and dine.
5	Came here for lunch, so my review is base on lunch experience. First of all, I definitely recommend reservation, because it will cut out the wait time. Second, try to pick a sunny day to come because the view is awesome. DATE alert!!! If you wanna impress a girl on a first date, I definitely recommend this place. Now get back to the food and service. The food portion was decent and actually good. The service was very good also. The price is actually not bad when you think about the location and view.
5	I came here w/ my husband as part of our honeymoon (Hawaii and then Vegas to end it), and we thought this would be a great place to celebrate.  I'm more of a hole in the wall type of person, but it's a nice change for a special occasion.  I had the tasting menu and my husband had a steak - everything was great. Like other reviewers say - great food, great service, and wonderful ambiance.
5	What an amazing place to go! I feel so bad that I missed this place the first two times we went to Vegas.  The waiter was very attentive, the view was literally jaw dropping and the food was to die for.Just a word of warning though, don't go here if you are looking for a cheap night out. Dinner for three cost us 350.00, and we didn't even order any drinks. I will be going back here again on our next trip though, it is my new favorite place to go in Vegas.
1	Walked out! The first restaurant I walked out on. I had high expectations after reading the reviews here. It took us almost an hour to get up there, and then we were seated by a table as far away from the revolving window as possible. We were disappointed with being seated so far away from the window but besides that disappointed in the cleanliness of the place. It had a funky smell, moldy and possibly smokey? The carpet looked dirty and so did the bench that we were seated on. 5 star restaurant, so dirty? Well, I guess it is old so okay.. we stayed and waited (for a very long time for our waiter), we talked about asking to be seated closer to the window. How cool would it be to enjoy the view as the restaurant revolved! It was a week night and there were plenty of tables available right next to the windows, we figured it should be no problem. The waitress told us "no," and looked at us like we were problem customers. The restaurant is very expensive here and atmosphere is important to us. We asked if she could ask a manager because we were considering going elsewhere if we couldn't enjoy the view. The manager (or hostess, couldn't tell) told us "no," as well with the same disapproving look and we left (embarrassed and disappointed) to go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant where we had one of the most amazing dining experiences we've ever had - seriously! I highly recommend Eiffel Tower. We'll never come here again because of this experience. It's so sad that we were so dressed up and excited to be here and we felt we were treated so poorly. Boo!
4	I took my boyfriend here to celebrate his birthday and we were in love with the view! Absolutely beautiful and it kept getting better as the restaurant was rotating. The service was great and the waiting staff were very attentive. Prices are high frankly and only because of the view, but the food was definitely good. We're from New York and used to expensive restaurants but this was definitely up there. I went to restaurant.com and got a pretty nice coupon that I used, but compared to the overall price, it was still pricey... then again, it's not a restaurant that you'd go to everyday. Ohh and also, as it was for his b'day, everyone was wishing him from all the way downstairs, which was great!The best part was seeing people bungee jump from the top! Freaked some people out. Lol
5	great foodgreat servicegreat viewsone of the best dinners I've ever had.
5	5 stars all the way around!  Beyond the outstanding food, the view takes the dining experience to a new level!  The dining area is on a slowly rotating floor at the very top of the Stratosphere (Seattle Needle shaped building).  If you get a table next to a window, the rotating floor will give you a 360 view of Vegas.  Unlike any other dining experience.
4	This was the second time we have eaten here.  Both times I thought were very good.   I had the lamb chops and thought they had great flavor.  My wife had the pork something and she liked hers.   Of course, the best thing about this place is the view, and it did not dissapoint.  And also, the wife had a coupon good for about $50 which helped out.  ( We still had to pay $90 even with the coupon, and all we had were our entrees and 1 soda) !
5	Food is good, service is great, prices are high but for the environment very fair. View is spectacular and can't be beat. So romantic it's not even funny.
4	I was taken here for dinner on the Sunday prior to Valentine's day and it was fantastic. We ordered:-oysters-fettucine-surf & turf-mashed yams-green beans-cheesecake lollipops-bread puddingThe food was delicious, I think my favorite was the cheesecake lollipops. They are small bite-sized balls of cheesecake and you can choose what type of dippings you want with it. We chose cookies and cream. So delish. Service was excellent. The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the decor/ambience is a bit dated. The carpet is older. And of course you have to walk through the Stratosphere to get there, which itself is quite dated. Luckily there were no funky smells, and the view really was quite nice. Considering the cost (in the ball park of $300 without alcohol) and occasion, he and I were both dressed up. Most other patrons were too, although I did see one guy wearing a Lands End sweatshirt and jeans. I'm not sure how enforced the dress code is here. Overall though, an excellent meal. I think it would be in the restaurant's best interest to update the flooring and decor.
5	To celebrate Valentine's Day, my fiance and I went to dinner here. It was AWESOME!When we got there, we went up to the bar area for a little bit while we were waiting for our table. It was really nice with an awesome view of the strip. There was great live music. Then we got seated and our table was right by the window. We enjoyed an awesome panoramic view of Las Vegas as the restaurant rotated around. The food was mouth-wateringly amazing. We enjoyed some wine and a portobello mushroom and red pepper appetizer. My fiance ordered the Turf & Quack for his entree, and I ordered Miso Black Cod. For sides we ordered ricotta stuffed gnocchi and bok choy. Everything was incredibly yummy! Our server was super nice and we had great service the whole night. On the ride all the way to the top, we shared the elevator with a few people who were going to jump off the top of the Stratosphere! So, along with the beautiful view of Las Vegas, we got to enjoy watching people JUMP off of the Stratosphere. Over and over there were people just flying by our window! I could see the bottom of the platform where they were standing before they jumped, and then they just hopped right off and down 107 stories (or something like that!).We had such a great time, the restaurant was perfect for enjoying a romantic evening. I loved it.  :-D If you want to enjoy a memorable and romantic experience with your significant other, this place is a great choice!
4	I've lived in Las Vegas for five years and this was my first time in the Stratosphere and at the Top of the World Restaurant!I made reservations for 5pm, knowing that the sun will set around 5:20pm.  I had heard going up there when the sun is setting is the perfect time.We were sat in a both.  My husband and I looked at each other and we really wanted a table right at the glass.  Luckily, we saw a table of two moving to a both and we were able to move to their table.At first, you feel a little iffy, because you are actually moving.  And you think "hopefully this feeling goes away" and it does!FYI: It is a $40/pp minimum. (which is not hard to do!)We started off with drinks.  I ordered a glass of Riesling (delicious!) and the husband ordered a whiskey sour. Our waitress was great and once we placed our order she said that it will be about 35 minutes.  Normally, that would suck, but since it takes 120 minutes for you to rotate the entire city, that was perfect.  The husband and I just chilled and enjoyed our drinks and the view.  It was VERY relaxing up there.  I loved it!Going up at sunset was PERFECT!  You get to see everything with the normal light and see the sun setting and the entire city's lights coming on was gorgeous!  So glad we got the best of both worlds at that time!They brought out bread that was really good.  A sourdough and a bread that had like cheese & bacon baked into it!  Two butters- a chili butter and a sea salt butter.  Yum!The food:I had ordered two apps as my main course:- Grilled Portobello Mushroom & Buffalo Mozzarellaw/ Roasted Red Pepper, herb oil & balsamic reduction.This was delicious!  Just a fancy version of a Caprese- minus the basil, + adding portobello mushroom.- Seared Jumbo Lump Crab CakeW/ Green papaya salad, pink grapefruit, lemon grass beurre blanc.This was good.  Not the best crab cake ever, but good.The husband ordered: - 16oz. USDA Prime Rib-Eye with Horseradish Crust and Demi-Glace- Twice Baked PotatoHe said that the steak was good.  To me, it looked like it was cooked a little more than medium, but had decent flavor.  He also said that the twice baked potato was "money!"They had a live jazzy-type band playing that was nice.  We just really enjoyed how calm it was up there.  We got to see some people jumping off the side of the Stratosphere, which was fun!You usually pay just go up in the Stratosphere (like $30 pp or something) and if you eat there, you can go up even higher for free and check it out.  It was super windy at the top, but pretty cool.  You can check out the rides (no thanks!) and just see the interesting people that are there.You think when you go to a place like this, that you are paying for the view and the food is going to be gross.  The food was decent and you get an awesome view.However, I would definitely go back for more drinks and less food!
5	If you are coming to Las Vegas this fine dining restaurant is a must with a great breath taking view. Go the extra mile and get the 7 course meal all paired with a different wine. It's spectacular and the pairings are fantastic with the sauces and seasonings. Service was great and on top of everything.Also go so you can watch the sunset!!!
5	I loove this place...beautiful view the staff is friendly and the food is delicious...i usually have the petit felit with lobster tail which is part of the premier tasting menu...this is a filling 3 course meal...dessert is three mini desserts on a long plate...raspberry mousse chocolate cake and banana pudding bread...i would highly recommend this place for dinner for the awesome night view...This place is becoming my new Vegas tradition :)
4	Amazing! Military special as well! Must see in Vegas
5	I came here on 2/13/11 with my boyfriend for our one year anniversary. I had researched a ton of romantic restaurants (thanks yelp!) and settle on The Top of the World. It was wonderful! Our reservation was for 4:45, perfect to see the sights in the daylight AND after sunset. Our server, Dalia, was a total sweetheart. She even helped take some pictures using my camera, as I kept trying to get one of the sunset and they just weren't turning out right.The food was phenomenal. Both my boyfriend and I went with the five course tasting menu. Everything was top notch but my favorites were the crab cake and the filet mignon. Both of those were the best I've ever had! The crab cake was so decadent, and the filet was melt-in-your-mouth and cooked perfectly.The best part, however, was right before dessert. My boyfriend got up from the table, came around to my side, got down on one knee and proposed! He had even spoken to Dalia ealier in the evening and had arranged for the professional photographer to come around and snap photos while he proposed, how special is that?! Oh, and of course I said yes :)We ended up getting two photo albums and two wallet size albums, which cost a pretty penny BUT since we were already spending a lot for the amazing dinner, springing for the photos was too good to pass up. Plus, how often do you get photo's of your proposal?! That, to me, made the whole night totally priceless.
5	To go up to the observation deck at the Stratosphere is $16 each so we decided to go up and have lunch instead. My husband had the salmon caeser salad and a bowl of lobster bisque and I had the 3 course lunch tasting and our bill came in $50-ish. Seeing as we would have spent $32 just for the view I felt this was a good value and we spent over an hour there. We were wearing jeans and I didn't feel under dressed for lunch there at all. The food was great and the restaurant was not too busy at all so we had a great time. If you are a fan of lobster bisque you HAVE to try their version of it--it's amazing! We all had it and loved it. It was the best thing I ate in Vegas period. I chose salmon as my entree and there was a trio of desserts. One of them was the banana bread pudding and I would say it also makes the list of one of the other best things I ate. My mom did the $37 trio and had steak and lobster tail as her entree. It was a pretty small amount of lobster but it was lunch and she said the steak was really good. She also ordered a sangria and I had a sip it was pretty tasty but not worth $13 in my opinion. Bottom line: go for a nice lunch and you won't be sorry!
4	My boss gave me a gift card to this place so I took my sister there for lunch. Before going to the restaurant you need to go through a security check point.The restaurant was nice, the view is unbelievable.  It must be breathtaking at night. Call me a wuss, I got a little dizzy from the slow rotation of the restaurant.Service was good and attentive but not overly friendly. I had the sea bass and my sister had the lobster ravioli.  Both were very good.  Not bad for $50. Can't wait to go there at night.
5	I came here with my boyfriend for his birthday. We had a blast enjoying the food and the view of the entire city. One of the best venues in Vegas. ENTREE:I ordered SALMON for entree and it was very fresh and tasty. About $40 with some side veggies and mushroom. My boyfriend ordered the RIB-EYE : the sauce was amazing and the quality of the beef was very good as well.DESSERT:they have the special DESSERT TRIO for only $8. i would recommend the banana bread pudding the raspberry chocolate creme brulee. FUN:1.go up to the observation deck at the stratosphere (Which alone costs $16) to see people do sky jumping. 2.Photographers will take photos of you at the restaurant. The quality is great and we got our picture for about $22 (not too bad! ) wear something nice if you want to have a picture with your significant other on a romantic date! :D
2	This used to be my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I just went back after nearly two years and it was horrible. They changed the menu and the food isn't what it used to be. The old saying goes...if it isn't broke, don't fix it! They were trying to change with the times is what the waiter told me...Trust me....I wont be going back...not even for the top of las vegas experience. For $300 for two people....no way.
4	Awesome place. Went here with a small group of friends and had a great time. The food was delicious and the view was amazing. Its in the stratosphere and literally at the top of the hotel. It slowly spins while eating. I definitely say its a must place to dine while visiting Vegas, or those that frequent Vegas quite a bit its worth a stop and deserve a spot in your itinerary.  It does get a bit pricey but thats Vegas for you. Any fine dining your expected to drop a couple hundred. I believe a meal for us 4 with two bottles of wine came out around $400. I would definitely dine here again. Though don't get too full, u want to save room for all that alcohol and raging at the Vegas night clubs.
4	I came here with my family and I think their service is great. The sight is absolutely beautiful, especially because we were here at night. It was my brother's girlfriend's birthday and she loved her "cake" or dessert that they gave her. However, to me, their food was really nothing special. But I would say the point of coming here is for the atmosphere and view instead of food quality.
3	Top of the world is one of those places that would only be successful in a handful of cities around the world, and thanks to the tourists, Vegas is one of them. Set atop the stratosphere, a mid grade somewhat and outdated downtown hotel and casino, the property is kinda lost in a stretch of the las vegas strips no mans land. The back of the property is easily one of the citied worst and most dangerous neighborhoods.... As seen on COPS on fox. That being said, at the top of the towering hotel ( it easily is by far the tallest building in the vegas skyline ) lies a revolving restaurant topped off with an unrelated group of thrill rides and observation deck. The food at the restaurant is fair and executed competently, but in a town with such a plethora of great dining experiences, this place falls far short of being worthy a visit for fine dining. The experience of this place lies not in the food but in the location, as a high speed elevator will speed you to the top to seat you in its revolving dining room. Huge slanted windows gives a great view of the city as a whole and is a neat gimmick but does not compensate for the seemingly old and outdated furnishings accompanied by average food making this a tourist trap at its best.
2	Grossly overpriced, small portions of terribly prepared food.  I've had better fast food.  The only reason it gets 2 stars instead of one is for the view.  Let me give you a hint as a local... if you want to see the view without the pricey elevator ride and long wait, book a reservation here, take the private elevator up for free, and just don't go to the restaurant.  Take the stairs up top or another elevator up one floor and VOILA free view at the top of the stratosphere!
1	I will NOT recommend this restaurant to anyone due to poor customer service. We made our reservations and arrived early. We waited patiently as the Hostess stated it would be 10 minutes longer than our reservation time since they had to clear off tables and wait for people to pay their bills. WE watched as they set 5 different groups ahead of us that had the same reservation time we did and only 2 of the groups were waiting at the same time as we were. We were finally seated for dinner. The waiter brought over our water and said he would be right back. The waiter then proceeded to wait on the people that were seated after we were seated. The waiter introduced himself to their table and telling about the other server working with that evening. That was the final insult.I was willing to spend my money and time in their restaurant and to be treated poorly by the Hostess and wait staff was unacceptable. The feeling by the staff that were condescending toward us and were doing us a favor to be there. Customer service was POOR and when shared that with other employees at the Stratosphere they were not surprised. I will let others know when  traveling to Las Vegas not to dine there. My company and different associations hold their conferences there at least three times a year and will share this with them. I would have given them no stars but wasn't able to post unless I gave them one star. I will recommend TJ's Steakhouse and Benihana at Las Vegas Hilton where they appreciated our money and provided TERRIFIC customer service.
4	VIEW VIEW VIEW! The rotating dining floor offers exceptional views of Vegas. The food is the only reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars as the menu items are very heavy and the portions very large. The food was tasty but slightly old school for my taste buds. The wait staff takes their job very seriously, which is refreshing;) We would go again but only when we have company in town, as it is a "MUST SEE" in Vegas!Pros: VIEW! staffCons: Food is too heavy
5	Looking for the perfect, first stop on your first night in Vegas? Look up.  Look way, way up at the top of the Stratosphere and its Top of the World Restaurant. The view is nothing but spectacular--and nothing you can get anywhere else in Vegas. And that's pretty much what you want when it comes to Vegas--something fabulous that stands out above all the rest, right?  Well worth the price, Top of the World scores high ratings for its unique, rotating, ever-changing view of the entire Vegas area.  Professional staff who is polished, poised, and focused on providing a memorable experience also ups the rating for Top of the World.  As for food, everything we ordered was stellar. I enjoyed the sea scallop and shrimp entree nestled on a bed of mediterranean couscous.  Other favorites at our table were the lamb entree and the potato gnocchi and cheese.  If you want to create a moment in time that will fairly sparkle in your memory, look no further than Top of the World.
2	If it wasn't for the view, the experience was pretty bland. Food wasn't that good. Serving staff was blah se. I'm wondering what all these good reviews were about, I had a better experience at the  sky city in Seattle. :c(
5	We had lunch there while staying at the stratosphere hotel. Obviously the attraction of the restaurant is the view. We were surprised by the quality of the food, I ordered a Cod and my friend ordered a seafood pasta. The fish was moist and tender, and the seafood was actually very fresh, as a New Englander, that's a great compliment. : ) Food was not cheap, but not as expensive compare to the Vegas - strip prices.  I took a video of the rotating view, check it out at http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h5qIuc9eZ84
4	The experience is well worth the expense.  The food is excellent, and the view of Las Vegas is spectacular.  This was our second visit and would have rated it a 5, except we believe the restaurant can do better with more amiable servers and a little remodeling in order to exploit the amazing views and to keep up to par with all the fancy restaurants that are surfacing in Vegas.
5	Amazing food, drinks, and view! Really no really you have to come here and experience it for yourself!! The best!!
4	Amazing view and delicious food.We visited "Top of the World" on a Monday at opening time (11am).  At that time, very few of the tables were taken, so there was no wait and the restaurant was nice and quiet.At the end of a fun trip to Vegas, it was great to be able to look down on the whole area and see all the places we'd been.  The tables are located on a ring that rotates, completing a full rotation about once every 90 minutes or so.  Your table is about 800 feet above the ground, so it is easy to see the Strip, downtown, and all the surround area.  It's also fun to see the skydivers jump off the roof above you.The food was good.  Lunch prices were reasonable.  I had a deliciously tender filet mignon.
4	This place is cool. It is very classy and the service is exceptional. The food was excellent. My husband had the twin lobster tales and I had the duck...both large portions and awesome! the price is steap, for both of us it was about $200 with tip. The view are amazing and there is a bungy jump ontop of the roof, so for about 20 minutes you can witness three or four jumpers from your table. Pretty cool I though, to some I can see lose their dinner! The lobster bisque was to die for! (i think better than Texas de Brazil).Great place for a special occasion!
3	I guess I expected more.  Great view.  I watched Vegas from the day time to night, which was nice.  The food and decor was average, it could be better. The only thing about this restaurant that makes it so special is it's view, but I live here.
4	The food at most restaurants with views rarely live up to the expectations of the oohs and aahs of the sights.  Often the food is treated as a passing thought,  but not here.  This place really delivered and it was more enjoyable because it rotates and bungee jumpers leap right in front of you.  It may sound cheesy but some how they pull it off with some sophistication.
3	Great view.  If you've been to the observation deck at Stratosphere, then you pretty know what type of view to expect.  The food was mediocre for the price.  I ordered the 16 oz. rib-eye ($54) with a 1/2 lb lobster tail ($26) and an added foie gras ($10).  -Rib-eye: soft but a little too fatty (and I like the fat on my meat)-Foie gras: small (what can you expect for $10) and good but nothing special.  A little too much liver tang in the flavor-Lobster tail: NO NO NO.  It was just completely wrong -- the flavor and the texture were just off.  One of the driest lobsters I've had.As for the service.....well, it took nearly 20 minutes for someone to come around.  Then another 40 minutes for the food to come out.  And another 15 minutes at the end of our meal to get the Snoot face.  A cool part of the experience to note, however, is that the restaurant rotates very slowly so diners can partake in the "360" view.  The sudden awareness that the room was spinning gave me a split second feeling of drunkenness..until I realized that the room was actually spinning.  Overall, romantic ambiance.  Next time, I'm just going to hang out at the lounge upstairs after dinner elsewhere.  Same view and ambiance but better service.
5	Great Vegas restaurant. The views were FANTASTIC!Four of us went, everyone enjoyed their plate they ordered. My bf kept talking about his steak! I loved the shrimp and scallops that I had, moroccan style.I would go again!
5	We ate here May 4, 2011 for my daughter's birthday. Before you even go up the elevator, a word of warning. There is a metal detector and weapons are prohibited, so if you have a concealed carry permit and you carry in Vegas (you should), you have to leave it in your car as they have no storage lockers available. Luckily the valet hadn't moved my car yet, so I was able to leave my Glock hidden in there. Not the most satisfactory solution, but there were no problems. Food was excellent, service was great, prices were expensive. I would certainly return for one of those "special occasion" dinners.
4	Came here for our anniversary and it was a great pick. This place is amazing. The view from this place is spectacular. We went close to 6pm so that we could catch the sunset while dining. The food here was really good although the filet mignon was just slightly over cooked but the lobster tail and shrimp were perfect. The service was very good and they have a professional photographer there to take your picture and you can purchase the prints if you like them.
5	Just had a drink in the lounge as a way of getting the ride to the top for free. Was an excellent experience! The sweetest waitstaff, incredible views, great atmosphere. Would love to go back and try the restaurant. Looked fun!The lady at the front desk downstairs said we had to buy two drinks each to get the ride up but I ordered one glass of wine (~$10) and my Mom has a soda (~$4). No one pushed us for more.
3	Great salad, pretty good food. I'm not crazy about this place, but for what it is, WHERE it is, it's to be recommended. One disclaimer, though... I get motion sickness pretty easily I guess, and this restaurant, with it's slow spinning, always seems to make me a bit queasy. But the view IS incredible.
3	You can't eat atmosphere, but the TOTW wants to charge you for it. The view is unbeatable, no question. The waitstaff was very good. Considering the price we paid, the food had all the panache of a suburban country club.
5	I absolutely love the ambiance and the food! I always go for the multiple course meal with wine pairings. My only stumbling block was the fois gras. It showed up twice and I don't care for liver even when it's fancy! I started out with the best lobster bisque soup I've ever tasted. Right up to desert the service and presentation is top notch!
3	My fiance took me here since we both lived in Vegas for a few years and haven't tried it out yet. Well, lemme tell you...for a like the Top of the World, their service was REALLLLLY crappy. It took us about an hour or a little longer than that to get our food so our whole dinner took us about 2 hours. The food was definitely not worth it. Their menu did not have much of a variety and I think I can make a better meal at home lol.The POSITIVE about this place is the environment and the experience. It was really cool being able to sit by the window and having a whole 360 degree view of Vegas and being able to see people bungee jump off the Stratosphere. THE END!
5	The view alone is worth a million bucks!I wanted to take my wife somewhere nice, and somewhere we have never been before so I decided on taking her here for lunch.  It was a perfect date!I made some reservations on Opentable.com for 12:30.  We got there early and it wasn't that busy so they told us to head on up.  To get there is a mission in itself.  You are lead over to a metal detector where a security guard asks you to empty out your pockets etc.   You are then led to the elevator and you get in. Up to floor 106!   You exit the elevator and then are greeted by the hostess and led to your table.  You cant even put into words what the view is like.  You are almost 900 feet up, in a revolving restaurant and you can see for what seems like an infinite distance!  Its a sight to see and if you are in Vegas, you have to come here at least one time...you will be glad you did! The restaurant rotates very slow.  It takes an hour and twenty minutes to make a full 360 so if you take your time eating lunch, you can see all of Las Vegas.  Its such an amazing sight to see.  Words cant describe it.   As far as the food...........For an appetizer, I ordered the flash fried calamari.  I rarely get to eat calamari and wanted to try theirs out.  It comes with 2 different sauces, a wasabi white sauce and a tomato sauce.  I liked the tomato one better.  I ate all of it because the wife doesn't like seafood and it was an excellent starter.  They also give you some cibatta bread with regular butter and a chili butter.  Good stuff!   For our entrees, I went with the burger and got it topped with the horseradish crust and fried onion strings.  It came with french fries too.  The burger was cooked perfectly medium and was tasty as can be.  The wife ordered their pesto pasta with chicken.  She let me have some and it was really good too.  The service was spot on, very attentive.  Total bill after tip was about $65 for lunch which seems like a lot, but once you get up to that restaurant and sit down, its totally worth the money!  Added bonus, you can go up to the top floor and go outside on the deck after you are done.  If you want to go up there by itself, I think it was either $14 or $16 per person so getting lunch for only $30 bucks more is a bargain in itself.   It was a great experience and I will definitely come back and recommend this to everyone I know!
5	this place has great food not only that but the most awesome view you can imagine!!!!! you can ride a roller coster  if you wanted to they even have bungie jumping! A+++++++ for the food.. great place for kids during the day time but once it hits dark its all for adults
5	Read a lot of negative reviews but I've only got good things to say about this place. Great food, great view, and very romantic. I had the best duck dish ever and my fiance had a great steak. The wine pairings were spot on and the service was excellent. Even had a great cocktail in the lounge while we waited for our table. The only complaint I have is the lame security line you have to go through to get up to the tower. I mean come on, when you're dressed to the nines and there for a fancy and expensive meal you shouldn't get patted down with the other riff raff. There should be a different entrance for dining only.
4	So this place is simply amazing...I loved it why the 4 stars our waiter sucked...just plain rude. Went here for 4th of july right before sunset...the view is amazing...and just when it got dark we saw all of the fireworks going off all over...you get to see the people jumping off from the rooftop as well....I ordered the Surf and Turf with 10 oz steak with mexican prawns...MMMMm it was sooooo good!!!My girlfried ordered the California Free Range Chicken Breast filled with Three Cheese Fondue....Sooooo 'Not Good" it tasted gross...the fondue inside tasted like burnt rubber...the chocolate martinis where to die for...Its a very nice romantic restaurant...I mean if your going out to a fancy restaurant expect to pay more than $100 dollars for your meal...if you dont want to spend alot dont go to a fancy restaurant..It's worth it...:)
4	The experience, the atmothsphere and the views are amzing! You can get some drinks at the bar upstairs but I definately recommend the revolving restaurant level for 360 views. Its expensive, steaks are $55, food is good and the service we got was average, Bob is not your top notch waiter. But I don't regret any penny, you go for the experience not for the food, make the most of it!
5	My boyfriend and I spent a romantic night at the Stratosphere and wanted a nice place to have lunch, thus we came here. Best decision of the weekend! We ordered one of their 3-course lunch options, which may sound like a lot but each course was perfectly portioned, a rarity in today's restaurants that love to overfeed (and over charge) you. The first course was their Lobster Bisque. When it arrived, we were given bowls with elegantly piled lobster meat, and no soup. Very confusing at first- until the waiter ever so carefully poured in the soup mixture! Quite the presentation! And what a delicious soup! I loved it from the first sip to the last bits I could coax into my spoon! Then came the entree- a petite steak on a portobello mushroom in a delicious sauce with whipped mashed potatoes on the side. The steak/portobello mushroom combination was wonderful! I am not a fan of mushrooms for textural reasons- but this combination was too good to not enjoy! And the creaminess of the mashed potatoes made them a pleasure to savor! Then came dessert- again, another wonderful presentation! The rectangular plate had 3 small desserts- a bread pudding with a creamy caramel sauce and cooked banana piece on top, a chocolate turtle mini cake with chocolate mousse layered with caramel and pecans, and lastly a raspberry creme dessert. The raspberry dessert was my favorite- such a wonderful blend of sweet and tart!Of course, you cannot talk about this restaurant without talking about the view- and WHAT A VIEW!!! The restaurant spins, so you get a wonderful view of the whole area! Luckily, it spins at a very slow pace, so don't worry about getting motion sick :P
1	Quite honestly some of the worst food I've ever had. The service was poor and the entire menu is over-priced. The view is worth checking out, but don't bother with the menu.
5	i see everything. i see the strip... i see mt Charleston... i see Green Valley and Henderson... i see Summerlin... i see the crazy horse 2 (what what)... i see the sun in my eyes...  i see dudes falling to their deaths (or not, sky jump people... relax)... i see tasty vittles brought to my table... i see the peeps above me enjoying happy hour... i see a guy proposing to his girl... i see it all.the GRUB:- Lobster Bisque - bowl is presented with a healthy amount of pulled lobster... then the server pours the bisque over... enjoy- Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - see pictures, visually stimulating with plenty of sauces and micro greens as the bed for the crab cake - and a generously sized and flavorful crab cake set on top- Turf and Quack - 10 oz fillet Mignon, crispy fois gras, and grilled duck breast served with whipped yams - fillet was a perfect medium rare... the duck was sliced thin and juicy... the fois gras was a bit on the oily side, but its fois gras, its supposed to be a little fatty.- Wife had the Mediterranean Lamb Chops with green beans and cous cous... i had a bite, and the the spices on the lamb were phenomenal. i was a tad bit jealous. the cous cous was fluffy and the green beans on point.- single scoop of Mango Sorbet with micro gelatin balls filled with citrus... delicious cap to the meal.the JOINT:- one word says it all - VIEW. you just cant beat it.- rotating floor lets you see all of it.- high class, white table clothes, and great romantic ambiance.- take the elevator up.- plenty of light at the top.the SQUEEZE:- You have to know this is a bit on the 3 to 4 $ scale, so the expected dinner bill was unexpectedly affordable... $200 for 2 is not bad considering we got 2 apps, 2 bottled iced teas, 2 entrees and 2 desserts - plus table for 2 on a rotating platform, ticket for 2 to the top of the Strat including observation deck, and the VIEW. not bad at all.- Service was top notch- Cash and Cards accepted, maybe even table chips... i dont know.FINAL SAY:if celebrating a special event, or in the mood of eating at the highest point in the Las Vegas Valley... Top of the World is where its at.
4	The views give this place a five-star rating by itself. You get a full 360 degree view of Las Vegas from the best place to view the strip, so why wouldn't it be amazing?The food was pretty darn good. I had the free range chicken (minus the three cheese fondue) and my boyfriend had the large mexican prawns and new england scallops. Since I'm lactose intolerant, I had to send the chicken back when it came out with the cheese still inside. But the waiter was extremely apologetic and made sure that I got what I ordered. I loved the chicken - it was so moist and well seasoned. My boyfriend said that for the quality of the restaurant the seafood was a bit chewy and disappointing. (So minus a star for that.)Also, I know that this isn't any fault of the restaurant, but the Stratosphere itself (which the restaurant sits on top of) is Ghetto with a capital "G."The service by Anthony was great! He was extremely knowledgeable about the Strip and we had a lengthy conversation on what happened to the Sahara hotel, who owns certain hotels & buildings, etc.Overall, a wonderful experience for a romantic anniversary dinner and we'll definitely return.
4	Service was excellent. Food is over priced for what you are getting. It was really good but not worth the outrageous price. You are paying for the experience because we have had better "fancy food" at places with less "experience".  That being said, the view is unbelievable!! Go to the trouble to find out what time the sun sets and plan to be there for it. You don't automatically get a table by the windows/edge. Our table was on an upper level but we would have rather been closer to the windows.  Might help to ask.
4	Had a great early dinner here on our first day of my Vegas vacation with my BF! Totally made reservations via Yelp and OpenTable & even better: got a good deal with restaurant.com!! We had just finished doing the XScream & Insanity rides atop the Stratosphere, so the view did not bother us at all. Plus, we're used to the rotating restaurant theme because of the Top of Waikiki restaurant here at home! First of all, we had originally planned on going back to our hotel to change for dinner, but we stayed at the Luxor and that would've been an hour or so situation - so we chanced it and went in our casual attire (tank and denim skirt for me, T shirt and cargo shorts for him) - we were told that they had just changed their dress code policy to where men have to wear collared shirts, but they had extra ones in the back. So they brought out a huge mustardy colored shirt - it looked like it was a doorman's shirt from the hotel. It was a little big, but the color wasn't so bad on him. Anyway, we got seated and our waitress Ellen, was the best! Right from the get-go, she was very nice and friendly - we never felt out of place, despite our wardrobe. Her assistant (I feel so bad, I can't remember his name), was very nice also. I believe my BF ordered the Prime Rib and I got the Seafood Fettuccine Alfredo. We were also served a bread basket with 3 different butters - the breads were soo delicious! It included sourdough, flat bread, and a cheddar cheese bread - we ate so much of it!! My alfredo was very good - it had shrimp, scallops, and lobster. I'm glad that the fettuccine noodles were green, it made my dish look so much more appetizing than having plain white/yellow noodles! My BF enjoyed his prime rib, and I did have a taste - it was good!! We were too stuffed for dessert, but from what I saw - it didn't look that good. You are able to see people doing the jump over the Stratosphere (they whiz by really fast), and you can also see the front of the XScream dip down during your meal - some people seemed a little stressed to see all of that, but it didn't bother us! I'm sure a meal here would be soo much better and romantic after the sun goes down and all of the lights from the hotels are in full effect, but we still enjoyed our dinner.
5	WONDERFUL :DBeautiful view of Las Vegas from way up high. Watching people on rides & dropping down from the SkyJump. So crazy! Haha I'm not enough of a daredevil to do those rides. So we had an AMAZiNG dinner here for my parent's 25th anniversary. We got a champagne that our server recommended which was delicious. Then we had the trio appetizer of the foie gras, crab cakes, & scallops. That was my favorite thing there! Soooo freaking YUMMM. Then we had the Surf & Turf which was also good. Service was very attentive & superb. I would definitely come back again for a special occasion :)
5	Lunch is a LOT cheaper than dinner.  I always love the view.  I've been here 4 times and it's a must go place for lunch every time I go to Vegas.  You can get 25% off entrees with a tix4tonight coupon.  You also get a free ride up to the top which, by itself, costs $16 to go to the top per person.  Service is always top notch as well as the food.  Lunch is very casual (shorts and a t-shirt are fine), dinner is dressy.
4	Went there for my birthday!! Nice restaurant the scenery was so nice the floors stand and go around in a circle so you can see the whole vegas..The food was OK you are paying for the scenery!! the campaign I had was SO good!! a lady come by and take your picture it is up to you if you wanna buy it or not.. they do have a lounge area NOW that is nice!! good drinks
5	Love it at the lounge!!! it is nice and cozy!! good drinksI go here all the time
1	GREAT view.GREAT view.LOUSY service,our waiter basiclly ignored us the ENTIRE night.If you go pray you don't get the waiter w/ the french accent.
4	Attempted to make reservations via Open Table for 2 weeks leading up to my trip to no avail.  We got there at about 5p on a weekday (Wednesday) and attempted to get seated.  The lady at the hostess stand said they "were not accepting reservations any longer for tonight."  She invited us to Lounge 107 which is above the restaurant and does not spin like the restaurant does down below.  Below the lounge there were many open tables which were vacant, so why not take reservations?!  We sat upstairs where the waitress was good and the food even better!  Martini's were GREAT (Happy Hour 4-7p Buy one get one free!) and cold!  I would go back but for spending $200.00 for a meal at a bar table I rather have been downstairs.
4	First time here. Came for a friend's birthday brunch and had to say that the Two Pouched Leopold brunch was delicious. Great service and view, a bit overpriced though.
4	Very pricey but very romantic.  We got a table by the window.  The view was absolutely breathtaking--It reminded me of being on top of the Eiffel Tower at night when I was studying abroad in France.  However, I get motion sickness very easily so the turning platform actually got me lightheaded whenever I looked down.  I tried to ignore looking down or the fact that I was moving BUT it's really hard once I realized that I was!  hah  It wasn't too bad though and after 20 mins or so my queasy feeling went away for the most part.  I recommend sitting on the upper level if you're incredibly sensitive to motion like me.  (Plus, you actually get to sit next to your date and cuddle vs. sitting across from them.)The food was good, not worth the $$$$ but the view made it worth it.  One bad after taste I have though about this place was the lady who took our picture (Caucasian in her 50's), which you get the option of buying after dinner.  We purchased 1 photo for $22, gave the lady $30, which she then asks, "Do you want change?"  Umm...my bf and I aren't cheap tippers but like ~27% for just snapping 3 pictures and after JUST paying for a really pricey meal??  Come on?!  But that wasn't what bothered me, what bothered me was what she said afterward: "Oh well, it's a good thing I asked.  I tend not to ask sometimes."  Are you serious?  Bleh. Overall though I would recommend this restaurant for a romantic dinner date.
3	Seems like our waiter had a bad day. Not too pleasant- but the food was grade A (as it should be if you're at the top of the world). The view of Las Vegas is amazing (again- as it should be). We watched the sun set and the night lights turn on. As for food, we ordered a hodgepodge of everything good and family styled the meal. The general consensus is that the rib-eye is the most flavorful and the desserts are the most unique. We also ordered the duck, salmon, and filet mignon-all well worth the "top of the world" price you pay.Definitely a hot spot if you have good company. It's a little further away from the sparklier side of the strip but the rides and entertainment in the Stratosphere is definitely not lacking.
4	My friends treated me for a b'day dinner here. The restaurant itself is beautiful and the views are spectacular.  The staff we're very friendly and accomodating. We saw people bungee jumping from the windows which was a bit scary to see while you're eating.  We were able to go to the outside observation deck for free. The views were gorgeous n u were able to see some of the stratosphere adventure rides from the deck. Overall, this was a cool spot to see one time because the prices are a bit steep. I've actually been to a similar restaurant in Riverwalk, San antonio Texas called charthouse.
3	View is by far amazing.  I felt the food was overpriced for the quality. There's a ton of good places to eat in Vegas for the same price.  My client got the duck and steak, steak was great, duck was meh.  I got shrimp and scallops, was very good...not sure if it was over $25 good.  ALSO, they search you before you go up into the elevator to get to the restaurant.  Like go through a metal detector search. And look in your purse search---frist time for everything!They also require you to be DRESSED nice, group of 8 before us, the men were in t-shirts, no dice, wouldn't sit them. So keep that in mind
4	The view of the strip and having random people fly by the windows as they "skydive" add to the allure of this place.  We went for lunch---which was about the same price as paying for a ticket to get up to the observation deck, so why not get food with it.  The sandwiches were good, and the side salad was generous.  I know at dinner its super expensive, but for lunch its a steal.  Service was very attentive---which was what I expected for an expensive restaurant (see my review of Mix for the night before so my expectations were low).  They used flair in the presentation of the soup we ordered, offered to use our camera to take photos of us, chatted without being overly chatty, and made me feel like they were glad we were there and that they could share the experience.  Go for lunch, spend time on the observation deck afterwards...and don't be surprised when people go flying by the windows (thank goodness they had signs telling you what was going on!)
5	Went here for my 1 year anniversary and will be coming back for my 6 year anniversary. The view is very nice, the platform does not move overly fast as well. The food, I got filet mignon, was excellent!
5	This place has always been a must do for me when in Vegas, but the food this visit was off the charts wonderful.My friend had the lamb chops with a wonderful light curry sauce that really made the flavor wonderful.I had delicious salmon perfectly prepared. It wasn't almost RAW as is the new style, but was moist and almost fluffy! There was the best subtle green sauce with it that made it the best salmon I've ever put in my mouth.We had early 5pm reservations and saw the sunset over Vegas, then the lights come on . WOW.The waitress remarked the chef was new and from The Paris Hotel.Best meal I've had in years.
3	Getting into this restaurant is almost like going through airport security, just without the pat down.  I had called and asked about dress code, then asked about reservations on a Tuesday night. The woman I spoke with said it was necessary if I wanted to get in.  After finally getting in, there wasn't anyone else there. In fact, they just opened and were still setting up. Great views as the restaurant rotated.  Watched the sky jumpers fly by!  Got a great waiter, Kevin.  Being my second time here, I knew the prices were a little high, IMO. But forty bucks for chicken? My wife said it was good, but forty bucks?  I understand the ambience, which was nice and the overhead. My wife wanted to split a meal with a friend who joined us because she is a light eater. The waiter told us they would have to order an 80 dollar meal and there would also be an 8 dollar plate charge.  Huh? Is this customary at most high-end restaurants?  I ordered the salmon, which was excellent. The Yukon Gold mashed potatoes were absolutely delicious.  Bread and butter was very good also. Overall, it was a good time.  I did expect to pay a pretty penny to eat here.  If you are talking about value for the cost, though, this did not meet or exceed my expectations. But I think the next time I want a great romantic meal, I will choose some place else.
1	I have eaten here several times before with great results. This last time, just several days ago, not so much.It all started with stopping in at the check-in desk on the 2nd floor. Was told there was a 45 minute wait for lunch. Fine, we will wait. We ask to go to the bar and were told that the main bar was closed till four. We ask about the other bar one level above the restaurant. The woman then starts ranting and raving, not making any sense. Kept throwing around $16, $16. Our party of four had no idea what she was saying. This went on for like ten minutes, not kidding. It was very odd. We had no intention of trying to get to the top for "free" and I think that was her concern. She barely spoke English and not us or another group standing there could make heads or tails of what she was saying. She then says "yes, you can go to bar upstairs before lunch". I guess you had to be there, but we were like OMG. Laughed about it all the way up. Had a drink at the bar, very nice bartender there. Waited the 45 minutes for a table.  Waited and waited for an elevator. should have taken the stairs but someone said the door would be locked. Had a nice table with a nice view.  One woman took our drink orders. Great. Another took our meal order.  Hubbie and I each wanted a bowl of lobster bisque soup and then we were going to split a burger. Hubbie likes his medium rare, me, I like medium but will eat medium rare.  Waitress comes out with hubbie's soup and walks away.  We are kinda laughing now, as this is just getting funny.  Call the waitress and explain I should have gotten a bowl of soup also and she just give me a look and says "no, it is your entree". We again explain splitting the burger, etc. All is good. Until the entree's are served. Our friends each got a salad which were huge and really good.  But our burger is raw, not rare, not medium rare, but pure and simple raw hamburger meat. We were going to send it back, but between not seeing a wait person anywhere and questioning what they would do, not that this would be our second situation, hubbie decided to eat what he could. I had nothing but the soup and bread. No one ever came to inquire about the food. No one ever took another drink order even though our glasses had been empty since we got the soup, etc. Not quire sure how they can even serve food like that. Aren't there some health guidelines about raw meat unless it is tar-tare?  All is still good, we are in Vegas and  that trumps all.I still wasn't going to say a word, simply not worth it. hubbie is getting ready to do the jump off Strat so that is all we were talking about anyway,  Deserts were offered and declined and the bill put on the table. Now, I never check a bill, I just let hubbie handle it, so it was weird I picked it up to look at it.  I notice we were charged a $6 or $8 meal split.  When the waitress came over to take our payment, I questioned her on that and that she probably should have pointed it out when we ordered. NOW, if she would have been like "oh, sorry, it is on the menu" or something like that, I would have shrugged it off and paid the bill. Still would have been left with a bad feeling about the whole thing, but instead she was like "what do you want me to do about it? It is right there on the menu". When I questioned her if perhaps she should point it out when people split a meal, wouldn't that be better for everyone all around. She pretty much responded with "you should have read the menu".  All said with a smirk and in broken English. NOW, I was pissed.Laughed at the check in woman, laughed at the elevator situation (although whose fault that is, is anyone's guess) laughed at the non existent service, laughed at being served raw meat, but mock me and be openly rude to me, that quite possible was my breaking point, and I asked to speak to a manager. An Assistant Manager did come to talk with us. We tried telling him the whole story, but he was stuck on the check in woman and kept coming back to that  and how people try to avoid that $16 charge all the time. Oh lord, again with the $16 charge. In all fairness, he did take off all the food charges and we only paid for our one drink each, but the whole thing left a bad taste in my mouth. And we did tip on the original bill.In full disclosure, the four of us are big foodies. The Top of the World at Stratosphere tries very hard to compete with the Eiffel Tower at Paris and does not compare. We ate a special anniversary dinner there the night before. The restaurant manager emailed me, set up reservations, set up a special table by the windows with red plates and rose petals all over the table and special comped deserts. We were very impressed and I highly recommend that restaurant to everyone. We dropped over $400 there just the night previous.Maybe they are better prepared at dinner. That is when we have eaten there before.  Just be aware of what can happen during lunch.
5	If you are looking for an amazing dinner to celebration something special or treat yourself, this was it.  Amazing views, delicious food, and great ambiance.  It is definitely on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.  I highly recommend making reservations, and it was worth the extra 20 minute wait to sit by the window.  We enjoyed watching those on the rides and especially the bungee jumpers flying by the windows!
5	Really great place.  My friends and I had low expectations of the food, and thought we would at least enjoy the view. WOW!  The food was great. And we all loved the smart service from Skye.  She is great. My friend is a local and had never been here, but it is now a must!  Fixed price lunch is a great value as well.
5	It was some time ago, back in 2000 that we visited Top of the World. We were at the time working in COMDEX to get our company presented, out to the world. TotW was an experience that will always stay in my mind. Brilliant atmosphere, consisting of space, quiet and tranquill environment (our ears were still ringing from Las vegas casinos ;). The food was good! Recommended.
5	amazing
4	Having been coming to Top of the World basically as long as I can remember, it kind of pains me to say this, but this place is not as good as it used to be. It easily used to be a 5-star restaurant, but ever since it changed chefs, you can tell a difference. Well, let me rephrase, the food is still top quality, but the menu selection is not. If you do not eat or enjoy red meat or do not eat dairy, like me, there are just not very many quality options. I went to Top of the World last weekend with my best friend and frankly the only thing I could eat was vegetable soup and salmon. Don't get me wrong, it was very good but given that salmon was one of the few fish options shocked me, especially at a restaurant like Top of the World. I was also very surprised to see that the dessert menu decimated to the level that it was. This place use to have this dessert option that was basically like a tower of chocolate that was incredible, but not only was that option gone, but so were many other options. Having said all of this, the soup, salmon and everything else I had was very good. I also tried my friends crab cake and that was very good. But again, it was one of the few things that I could eat. However, the view that Top of the World still offers cannot be beat and it is still a very romantic and intimate atmosphere. In closing,  I believe the quality of food is still amazing, but if you are not a meat or dairy eater, then your menu options are very limited and probably would be happier at another restaurant.
4	just a neat place! food was good and the view was even better. :)
2	We got into Vegas and wanted to grab a late lunch and wanted to check out this place...unfortunately, everything we ordered was average at best....I just came here 3 days ago and I can't even remember what we ordered... I think the best thing we got was the tuna salad or something like that.
3	I definitely recommend this place for lunch not dinner. Dinner can be very pricey, and the selection at dinner isn't exactly awe inspiring. For lunch you reap the same benefits as dinner,  such as being able to go to the top of the Stratosphere without having to pay extra.  To sum it up the lunch menu offers the dinner entrees worth getting at a fraction of the price. Lunch ranges ~$12-$17 for sandwiches, and the pre fixe menu for ~$30. Definitely worth a try. If you have your heart set on a view of the strip at night, restaurant.com offers a dinner only coupon(p.s. sign up for the email and buy when on sale.)
4	Visited this restaurant for a friends birthday. The restaurant itself was beautiful and unique. Not many other restaurants offer a view of skydivers and roller coaster rides. The staff was friendly and helpful with suggestions. The food and drinks itself were a bit pricey but everything was delicious.
3	Great view of Las Vegas and beyond. It's revolving, therefore just sit an hour or 2 for your meal, and you can absorb the entire Las Vegas skyline.
3	The food is just ok.  We tried the lobster bisque that everyone seemed to rave about was disappointing.  Just a weird mix of flavors.  The tuna tataki and calamari were ok.  The faltiron steak sandwich was also just ok.  Of course the rotating view is very nice but there are so many other fantastic places to dine in vegas and get way more bang for your buck.
5	Came here for our 9th anniversary and was not disappointed. We even made it out the door cheaper than we thought. As for a local comparison I would have to say it was comparable to Ruth's Chris Steak House with a romantic Il Forniao feel, especially with your spectacular view of the city changing constantly. Not a lot of people can boast about having the best food in town at 1000 feet.
5	This place was amazing!  Great food, great service, great view, and a great atmosphere with a fantastic ambience.  The staff was friendly, our waiter was super kind, and my New York Strip steak was grilled to perfection and my mashed potatoes were quite delectable.  This place is top notch and for a high end restaurant the prices are very competitive, especially for Las Vegas.  I'd recommend this place to anyone and can't wait to eat there again myself!  Bon Appetite!
3	Beautiful view of the Las Vegas Strip = overpriced food. I know we are in Vegas but come on if you are spending $$$$ on dinner you expect the kitchen to cook a proper steak. Service was great... the waiter was patient with us asking all these questions about the food and drinks. Our table ordered the Seafood Appetizer which included jumbo shrimp, lobster, ahi poke, ceviche. The lobster and shrimp were yummy but the ahi poke didn't look fresh at all. I ordered the filet mignon and the bf ordered the rib eye we also split the creamed spinach with blue cheese and potatoes gratin. We both got our steaks medium rare but they were sort of overcooked I don't know if it was a bad night but it's no excuse for a steakhouse to serve overcooked steaks to their customers. The creamed spinach and potatoes were yummy of course! Not a place to go back to or recommend. If you really want to see the view of the strip pay the $20 and take the elevator up.
5	The space needle in Seattle and equinox in San Francisco have nothing on this place . The best of the best view . Travel tip - Go to the top for free after you eat .The food is very good here.
4	Ate here years ago for lunch, it was a good time though. Talk about an amazing view!
4	My first time on Top of the World was my husband's birthday. Everything was just as good as it had to be. Of course, the view is amazing and there is no way to exaggerate that. And you can never get enough of it! Yes, they search your bags and make you go through the metal detector. Yes, the dress-code is business casual. But what did u expect? Sweaty T-shirts and shorts with hairy legs all around?! We had to wait some 15 mins before taken to our table, so we spent the time on the outside terrace, enjoying the breath-taking view. All of our requests were kindly met, the waiters were polite, funny, professional and not at all annoying. It was an extremely comfortable pass-time. We even had a birthday candle to make a wish on the desert :)As for the food, well, I'm not much of a high-class restaurant goer, but I felt it could be improved. Let me be clear, evthing we ordered was tasty, well-done, nothing wrong. BUT! I can cook that very same New York steak myself... Guess, I expected food to be as impressive as the view outside.However, this was an evening to remember, and I strongly recommend  everyone to share the pleasure.By the way, the cost is quite reasonable.
4	I walked away (well, actually Skyjumped away) from cocktails and appetizers at Top of the World very pleasantly surprised by the experience.This lounge/restaurant at the top of The Stratosphere tower is obviously a Vegas tourist spot, and the primary draw will always be the views.  I was part of a group of 6 ladies who were sharing happy hour cocktails and snacks on a Tuesday evening when plenty of table were available.  We were greeted by a very friendly hostess who set us up at a sweet lounge table with 6 wingback chairs, and presented us with menus and an explanation of the 2-for-1 martini happy hour.  We ordered a round of blueberry martinis which were made with muddled fresh blueberries and a choice of premium vodkas.  We were entertained to learn that the "2-for-1" meant that we would each receive two giant cocktails at the same time.  Whee!We shared an assortment of snacks including duck sliders, shrimp cocktail, calamari, tomato-cheese fondue, and tuna tataki.  All were very good, and the presentation of each was lovely.  I was pleasantly surprised by the diversity of the flavor profiles among the dishes, as they could get away with a much more generic menu.  The portions were appropriately appetizer sized and, if one wanted to make a tapas meal out of happy hour, 3-4 items per person would yield a generous amount of food.  I regret not looking over the dinner menu, as our appetizers here were some of the best tasting food I had while in Vegas.If I found myself back in Vegas, I would definitely go back to Top of the World for cocktails and snacks, and would probably give it a go for dinner.
5	it lives up to it's name. 360 degree breathtaking view and best of all you get to watch people fall pass the window while dinning. food is decent.
1	On December 15th I ate a beet salad and got food poisoning.  This was my 2nd time eating here, and needless to say, it was a big dissappointment.  It has taken a week to recover.  My first experience here, last May, was a good one.  This time it was mediocre service and the food poisoning was awful.  They need to know and take care to not serve tainted food and make sure their food handlers are clean and observing proper procedure. Food is pricey for what you get.
2	What a painful experience.  Someone else chose the restaurant.  I knew it was going to be a bad idea with the $$$$ prices, gimmicky location of the restaurant.Place sets itself up to be all snazzy.  Fancy view, dimmed lights, elegance and all that jazz.  Prices seem to match.  Short version of the review:  Save your money, find a restaurant for a few notches down you won't notice the difference.  If you don't mind the costs, try a Buffet on the trip, it'll cost you less, give you more variety and the quality will be on par or perhaps better.So please be aware, I'm more harsh in this review, because if I'm gonna pay more, I'm going to expect everything to be proportional to the prices.Food:  It wasn't bad.  But nothing special.  Got a Mediterranean seabass filet.  Tasted fine.  Not great, just fine.  I'd happily pay 10 for it.  Grudgingly 15 for it.  Unfortunately it cost me 44.  Found a bone in my first bite.   Flavor was fine, but nothing amazing.  Serving size was good.Unless you get the 88 dollar 4 course meal, you have to order everything a la carte.10 dollar sides.  Seeing as my group was made up of 3 chinese people, we opted out of trying their 10 dollar Baby Bok Choy or the Shitake and white mushroom with garlic sides (same price).Tried the cream spinach and potatoes gratin.They weren't bad, but we didn't bother finishing either side.Someone else got the first, and the last person got the Pork tenderloin (wrapped in bacon).  Not bad.  My friend liked his fish more, pork was a bit dry for him.  I liked the heartiness, hit the spot better than the fish.Food:  3/5 (Taste 4/5)  (Price 2/5)The experience:This one is hard... people at the front desk seemed nice enough.  The waitress that help refill our drinks and clean up was very friendly.  Unfortunately the waiter left a bad taste in my mouth.  He seemed like he was having a bad day.  Not sure if it was because of our party --- seems we weren't high class enough for his fancy restaurant with a 50 dollar minimum per person.  Didn't know upstanding high end restaurants had to twist people's arms to buy their food.He began by recommending the 4 course menu, because it was a better deal -- everything else was a la carte aka overpriced and not worth it.Unfortunately we weren't too keen on spending 88 dollars per person.  So we opted to have one person try it and share some of the extra, since 4 courses was quite a bit of food and gave a good general glimpse of the restaurant's food.Of course when we went to order, the waiter decided to tell us now that the 4 course menu is only recommended when everyone orders 4 courses.  Because I guess my frugal group's decision to not pay 15 dollars for soup/appetizers, would mean that as I receive my first 2 courses they would have to sit by and watch me eat because the chef would not be happy serving their food till I was on my main course as well.He seems pretty bothered by this as he was explaining it to me.  I assume he was hoping we'd spend more, cause his tip on the minimum 50 dollars per person, was not worth his time to talk to us.So on that new information I changed my order, got the fish and 2 sides for my party.  As I ordered the side of spinach, pointing to it on the menu, a very strange dialogue came up.  He started explaining to me that the spinach that came with my fish was not the creamed spinach but just some sauteed spinach.  He was obviously annoyed that I could not process the complexity of his simple a la carte menu.I didn't even know that the fish came with anything else.  I assumed a la carte meant... by itself... without anything else.  Guess I was wrong, maybe i shouldn't have ordered the extra spinach.  But since I wanted to make sure i hit that 50 dollar minimum, and had wanted to try it.  I kindly pointed to the bottom of the menu again... under the part that read SIDES.  Next to the nice $10 price.  And repeated that I wanted a side of creamed spinach and the potato gratin to share with my party.I guess that annoyed me more than i remember it being, bad taste in my mouth.  On a side note, my waiter reminded me of Hugo Weaving  (Agent Smith from Matrix or Elrond from LOTR).  He had that frown down cold!Yeah, service: 3.5/5  Nothing was especially great, in general it'd be a 4.  That waiter dropped it to a 3.5  I'd drop it more cause of him, but he may have been a random lemon.The view?  Eh.  The only reason you'd come to the restaurant is if you stay at Strat.  If you stay at strat, you get free tickets to the observation deck.  You get a better view there.Food: 3/5Service 3.5/5Price: Not worth it.View: Nothing you can't find elsewhere in vegas.Sorry this was long.  Just know what you're getting into.
4	Top of the World or Vegas world at least.  At the last moment, my eating companions decided to eat here versus somewhere else.  It was off the strip but was told well worth the cab ride and the view is spectacular.Yep, despite the location away from the strip, I would have to agree that this place is great for the breathtaking views and their food.  Located in The Stratosphere tower, you have to make your way up to the 106 floor to this lounge/restaurant.  I am told that it takes approximately 120 min to go around the valley of Vegas.  The views are great during your dining experience with no obstructing view for your enjoyment.  Though the menu is a little pricey, you get good food and view.  We bought our own bottle of wine so it saved us a bit for the food.  For our appetizers, I got the tuna tartare. That was ok. Kinda fishy.  The oysters were good along with the foie gras.  Better eat them while you can before California's law goes into effect in July. No foie grae. Ugh!!!!Again, I decided to order the Muscovy duck with a light glazed with asian bok choy and lightly seasoned salad on the side.  It was asian fusion-like that was quite good, surprisingly.  While my other companion decided to go with steak, lamb chops and more foie gras.  The food was quite good.  I would come here for the food more so than the view.  I can't take the view home but I certainly can take the food home.  In my belly. LolThe service was attentive and I have to give it to our waitress who did an excellent job to accomodate our palates. Again, it was an expensive dining experience, but for the view along witht the food, you can  not put a pricetag on such.
2	We went here for lunch because we wanted to go to the top but we didn't want to stand in line or pay for the observation deck (very cool that the elevator ride up is included in the restaurant price). Be prepared to take off all metal items before getting on the elevator [annoying!].The view was lovely and rotated over our lunch experience. Watching the sky-jumpers was highly entertaining.The pre-meal bread came with three lovely flavored butters, yay! (pesto, regular butter, and tangerine flavors)I ordered the lobster bisque and sea bass. The bisque was acceptable tasting (not better than Target's lobster bisque) but the sea bass was NOT. It was a cheap cut of fish, not real sea bass, OUTRAGEOUS! Not what they showed in the pictures at the reservation desk. Fishy tasting in a bad way. :( !!!I also tried the salmon and lobster mac and cheese from others at my table; those were nice and delicious. Burgers also a good choice here.Service was average from the waitstaff.Elevator attendant told us afterwards the restaurant experience came with observation deck time, above the restaurant - wish we had known.-----In summary, DOT NOT GET THE SEA BASS but there are other palatable options. The view was great, and it is a better value to eat here and go up the private elevator than to just buy an observation deck pass.
4	the restaurant is very nice and the views are spectacular...def an ideal place to go if you want something special and romantic. they also had a live band that was really good. i really enjoyed the food as well.  the crab cakes weren't the best i've ever had but it was really yummy.  the ribeye steak was cooked to perfection: tender and juicy with a delicious horseradish crust on top. the sea bass was plain but the sauce it comes with has loads of flavor. the only complaint was that our food didn't come out piping hot...i think our waiter (an old man) took too long to give us our food so it wasn't as hot and fresh as i'd like...and for the price you pay there i would expect hot and fresh food! oh and they give you 3 different flavored butters for the bread and butter is good already but flavored butter is bomb.com!
3	My husband and I decided to dine here to celebrate his birthday and our wedding anniversary. We have been living here in Las Vegas for a year, but have never been inside the Stratosphere. There are signs in the hotel that direct you to the restaurant, although it is quite a walk (well at least it seemed that way the first time). They make you walk through the Tower Shops, so you may run into the annoying sales people who work in the kiosks. After you check in, they will send you through a security checkpoint. So leave all your weapons and anything illegal at home, LOL. Dress code is business casual, although we did see a few people wearing jeans.Well the best thing about this place is the view! We went at night and it was amazing! The restaurant revolves 360 degrees every 80 minutes and it goes slowly so you don't really feel like you are moving. I think the motor was underneath or near the booth that we sat in because every so often we felt our butts vibrate!The food was alright, but honestly I was expecting much more from a restaurant like this. We ordered:-Roasted Scottish Salmon with creamy Fennel Sauce: I know that salmon is salmon. But this one was very tasty. The Fennel sauce added a lot of flavor.-16 oz. Rib Eye: my husband ordered this and said that it was one of the best tasting steaks ever!-Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes: nothing special, just regular mashed potatoes. But it turned cold very quickly :(-Ricotta Gnocchi Mac and Cheese: the pasta was very overcooked and they went overboard with the truffle oil.-Cookies and Cream Cheesecake Lollipops: You dip these in vanilla sauce and crushed Oreos. Each order comes with 2 lollipops. They were good but a little too sweet for me. -Ice Cream: one huge scoop!Customer Service was average. Our server was nice but it seemed like he was rarely around. The people who refilled our drinks were very attentive. Also, the woman who was taking pictures at every table passed by and ignored us a few times. Maybe she has something against Asians? Honestly, I don't feel like I would want to come back again. The price and the quality of the food was just not equal. But I'm glad I got to experience this!
4	We've been coming here for years and still enjoy every time we return. The obvoius attraction is the view which is great. Killing two+ hours for dinner is easy; so you can take in all of the views. Plan on arriving an hour before sunset to enjoy the view during the day, the sunset and then the Vegas lights by night.Food quality is always outstanding, the service is always top notch and the cost is on par with any other establishment of this caliber in Vegas.The two things that keep me at 4 stars are:1. Kind of funky feel of having people bungy jump by your window while eating.2. Restaurant & Lounge are great; rest of casino and hotel as a little cheesey (although it does look like they are trying to bump up the style).All things considred; we'll keep visiting when ever we find ourselves in Vegas!Cheers!
5	I was expecting a great view and so-so food.  The view was beyond great.  We had a cool, clear, crisp night.  We arrived before dusk, and watch night fall over the city and mountains.  It was spectacular.  We also had skyjumpers jump past our window.  Wow.The food?  Also spectacular!  What a nice surprise.  The staff took great care of us.I had the lobster bisque to start, and it was rich and full of lobster flavor.  I then had a special steak item.  My sister had a bacon wrapped pork tenderloin.  My Dad, a light eater, had soup to start and the crab cake appetizer as his entree.  The server didn't even blink at his request.  They have small desserts that you order in trios.  We ordered two raspberry mousses (I think) and (my choice) a mini bread pudding.  The two mouses were great, but (the only slightly less than wonderful moment of the evening) the bread pudding was dry and hard.  We were ready for a leisurely meal, and the staff moved the dinner along at our pace.  The entire experience was elegant, delicious, and wonderful.It is very expensive, but the food and the view were worth it!
5	Top of the World at the Stratosphere! Definitively of the most awesome places to dine in the whole city and one of my favorites. The experience, ambiance, the view, the service, the food, and anything else I might be leaving out, are all top notch! I love this place! : )
5	This is the perfect place for gentlemen to take ladies whom they truly wish to impress, or for those business folks who desire to take a potential client to a venue where they can be persuaded to "sign on the line."Either way, you'll have a great time, albeit an expensive one.  It's not at all unusual for a dinner for two costing around $200, so save your pennies.The TOTW was chosen one year, when the governors of all 50 states were meeting here in Las Vegas.  Can you imagine the entire states' leadership in one location, 800 feet above the ground?The view is spectacular (see the attached photos), the food is sensational, and the service is terrific.  What more do you need?The restaurant "spins" at a speed where one complete revolution takes approximately one hour, and my social engagements there averaged "two complete spins."  There is also a unique kind of "optical illusion" that is experienced while you're dining there, but it isn't mentioned all that much.As you're seated and eating, watching your scenery constantly changing before you, you come to believe that you are in some kind of "flying saucer," HOVERING over the city.  You don't think of yourself as being in a building; you feel that you might be aboard some sort of an aircraft, which actually adds to your enjoyment.  (Another way to truly enjoy your visit, is to pay for it with your company's expense account.)Just one bit of advice or "admonishment" from me, if you please...If you are one of those folks who will probably go there only ONCE during your lifetime, let me suggest that you go only at night (to get the most from your visit), and that afterwards, you go up to the next level to have your after-dinner drinks in their "stationary" cocktail lounge.
5	Brilliant evening, great food great service stunning view! Well worth it. An evening we will remember for the right reasons for a long time.
4	On our wedding day we wanted a special meal. We headed here. Our experience was good, the views of the entire strip were fantastic, the restaurant was clean and the staff friendly and helpful.As for the food, portions were enormous. It is kind of pricey but then if it is a special meal the prices are not such a big thing.
4	It's a really good feeling to be treated like a rock star! Especially when it's on the "Top of the World". Well, the restaurant that is.Friday night, no reservations. No casual business attire. No worries. The service. The view. The live music. The view. Had to throw that in again as you're dining up a hundred floors up while the restaurant is rotating so you have a view of the entire valley. One complete revolution in 120 minutes. Anyway, called the restaurant as it was mentioned that admittance to the tower is waived if you're dining up there. No openings except for a 9:45 slot so that's the end of the call. A few minutes later, decide to call back to ask about reservations for Saturday night but then was invited to come down "now" to be taken care probably because of the little white lie about being a "Vegas first-timer". Casino parking - valet or self park. Make your way to the host/hostess who directs you to security where you pass thru a metal detector. That's also where you see multiple signs about the dress code. I was dressed down to the point where if I saw myself on the street, I might give myself some spare change or maybe even a few bucks. But, no one says anything. Not the hostess; security guard; elevator attendant; three more hostesses, the server, the bus person and the manager. I'm not worried about it too much as I have the attitude that if they don't want my money, I'll spend it elsewhere.Anyway - the food. Ordered the Mosaic of Chilled Seafood. That's a meal in itself. Lobster, Poke, Oysters, Shrimp and an Oyster shooter. The Poke was incredible. The rest was good. Not great. Good. For my meal, I had the Surf and Turf. Steak and shrimp. Steak was ordered medium and it was served medium. Juicy, tender; full of flavor. Mashed potatoes were on the creamy side - I tend to like it a little chunky. The shrimps were huge and cooked just right. Really good overall. Service was most excellent. She was always there when she was needed but she wasn't annoyingly present. Bus person always showed up to clear plates to refill the drinks. The manager even stopped by to check up on us. Being doted on is not a bad thing. And either the staff thought I have celeb status or the staff is just really good. And though I like to think it's all about me, I have to admit, the staff was just pros and looked like they enjoyed their job. The views were spectacular. You'll have to trust me on that one or see it for yourself. Try to be there for sunset.
5	Hmm, we have something similar here in Honolulu, but no where as high. Our first time eating here with our 50 dollar restaurant.com certificate. The waitresses and waiters here are so professional and friendly. I was given a dodo color orange collard shirt to wear over my Tshirt because we didn't know they had a dress code lol. I can't complain though, most high class restaurants will tell you "sorry come back later" but they were cool about it. Hands down the best complimentary bread and butter assortment I've ever had. 3 different breads/crackers and butters. Shit, I couldv'e ate just that and be happy :) I had the NY steak I think? I forget because we ate so damn much on our trip to Vegas lol. Anyways it was some beef, but was mmm mmm good. Gfs pasta was good too with huge pieces of shrimp and lobster. Thanks for the great service and friendly attitudes Top of The World Staff. :)Would return to eat here on my next trip to Vegas again!Visited Aug 2011
5	My husband and I went for our one year anniversary to Las Vegas and we wanted to live large even if it was only for the weekend. I picked Top of the World to eat for our celebration. We had the 4 course dinner with wine and it was AMAZING! They give you a different type of wine with every course. The food was also AMAZING! The lobster bisque was by far the best Ive ever had and the filet mignon  was perfect. We were so full by desert we barely tasted had any but it was delicious! The room is always moving so you get a full view of all of Las Vegas. The moon was full and the night was impeccable. I had such an amazing experience. I hope to return to Las Vegas one day and I will surely return to this restaurant.
5	Beautiful view, excellent service, delicious food. This is one of the best restaurants that we went to while in Las Vegas.
3	The Space: I came here for my cousin's bachelorette party; none of us have ever been there so we didn't know what to expect. First off, it is way down the Strip so if you're on the opposite end (near Aria) be prepared to pay a hefty taxi fee. Anyway, the place is really nice. The restaurant rotates while you dine so you can see all of Las Vegas. When you've just got off a plane, got only a few hours of sleep and go straight to Top of the World like we did, you might get semi-dizzy as we did. What's neat is that while you're dining, you can see the people sky jumping and doing all sorts of stuff I just can't do. As far as the restaurant itself, it's very clean and they didn't go over the top with the decor because who would want to take away from the incredible views. The Food: The food was pretty good. They start you off with a bread basket and three types of butter: plain, pesto (we all LOVED this stuff) and orange (it was good and sweet but I'm just used eating my bread with something more savory). Being a fan of childhood favorites, I got the Lobster Grilled Cheese and Tomato Bisque. I do wish there was more cheese than lobster in the sandwich but other than that, the food was seasoned well and had lots of flavor. The Staff: From the lady checking you in and leading you to the elevator, to the hostess bringing you to your table and of course the waitress we had, everyone was so professional, welcoming and helpful. Our waitress was as sweet as can be and was pretty entertaining. This is just a side note but there are people walking around taking pictures of your party to sell. I wouldn't mind this IF the pictures came out nice. However, when we saw the final product, it looked as if they clicked the "contrast" button ten times; so much to the point, everyone looked greasy. Also, with the rose border they added (they said we didn't have the option to take the border out) it looked like a memorial picture. I don't know and you but I don't want a picture like that when I want to remember our a Las Vegas trip.
4	Excellent view, spinning around 360 degrees, definitely a unique experience.Upscale fine dining, dress code, price is expensive but worth it. Many choices.Service is great. Worth a try if you want to do something different and elegant.Plus a cool ride in a very fast elevator.
4	love love the view from the top of the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino. it made a great birthday lunch, it was delicious! Service was great!
4	i think so far they just have a great view ... they had a great deal for a 3 course meal.. which i didn't get to try i opted for a small steak sandwich ... which was medium well but was very pink.. it was ok.. good size meal .. i didn't finish it though.. i had a taste of the lobster bisque.. which was very good and the pasta was good as well and the dessert was very well plated.. and good next time i try the 3 course meal.. view were great and people jumping off above u was very cool .. spinning and seeing a 36o view is well worth the meal..
5	Went here on our anniversary and was super impressed. We both did the 4 course meal. First, the view was amazing. We planned it so we would be able to watch the sun come down, which was just gorgeous! There was people doing the bungee jumping, and it was really fun to watch them fly by the windows.  For my meal, I started off with lobster bisque soup, which was delicious. The waiter brought me a bowl full of lobster meat, and pouring in the cream in front of me. The second course was a sea bass on bok choy, very fresh. My main course I chose the was a steak, which was amazing. The dessert was almost too much. They brought each of us a plate of 4 different mini desserts. I couldn't even eat it all, despite how tasty it was. Our waiter was very friendly, on top of his job. My only complaint is I kept getting lost finding the bathroom lol. But other then that, amazing food and experience!
1	I made a reservation at Stratosphere Top of the World for 3/22/12 7:30pm.  When I made my reservation I was asked was there an occasion, I stated that it was to celebrate a Birthday.  I contemplated the Palms Alize(great service, great food, great scenery) or Anthony's in the M Resort.  I choose the Stratosphere.  The food was over priced.  The food tasted that of a $15-25 range.  The alcohol drinks were decent.  Scenery was nice but not worth the price.  Folks are better off ordering Apple Bee's to go and paying the $7-10 to go the top and eat while watching folks jump of the side for the added thrill.  Not worth the money.  Glenn is a horrible server.  If you are a party of two he will ignore you.  Eric the waiter & Tomas the buser were the only two that provided exemplary customer service.  Eric was not our server but he did such a wonderful job in providing good service for the party of two next to our table I asked for his name.  Tomas was courteous and very helpful.Do not waste your money folks just visit the top & eat somewhere else to get the bang for your recessional buck or dine at a place where the staff are appreciative of your business and are grateful you'll spend over $200 to eat at their establishment.
1	Seriously? I cannot believe this has as many stars as it does. I have eaten at a lot of nice restaurants in Chicago, LA, San Diego, Chicago, and other major cities, and this place was not up to par on any level except the view.First of all, the service was slow. I definitely understand if a restaurant is busy, but when your food comes out cold and the waiter doesn't check on you for long periods of time, that is an issue.Secondly, the food was mediocre at best. If I am paying a lot of money per person, I expect at least a decent meal. Personally, I would have been more satisfied with a meal from a restaurant half the price.The portion sizes were good, and the wine was delicious. The view was also amazing! However, it became very dark in the restaurant when the sun went down (this may be to make the view outside better).I would not go back to this restaurant, but if you are looking for a great view, I would recommend going for wine and dessert. Do not waste your time on  the food.
5	Great food & great view.  Would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting Vegas.  Something you wouldn't be able to do anywhere else.
4	I was pleasantly surprised with Top of the World.  I didn't have high expectations because it was located in the Stratosphere, which admittedly isn't my favorite. We decided to give it go after seeing an online deal come up for it and I'm glad we did. The ambience is nice; the view of Las Vegas from the restaurant, as I'm sure goes without saying, is amazing. The service was also really great; our waiter was polite and attentive. We had a drink at the lounge upstairs while we waited for our table (the wait was much longer than they told us, but we were a no reservation walk-in, so no big deal). The food: We started with the Lobster Bisque, which was really, really good. The bread they brought out was served with a very inters testing orange ginger butter that we both really enjoyed. My girlfriend had the rack of lamb and I had the New York steak; both were of great quality, were cooked perfectly and tasted delicious. I will say that the food feels a little dated here; that isn't to say that it wasn't executed amazingly, because it was, but it felt a little less current than I might have expected and I think that some other reviewers might be giving it less credit because of that.  It was well worth the price and I'm glad I finally made it there. The added bonus was that we were able to go to the observation deck (and to the rides) without paying the tower ticket ($12-$16 each).
5	Excellent food, excellent views, excellent service!
4	I love Vegas and I loved my sandwich.The only reason it's missing a star is because I didn't get entirely "settled in".Tall places give me the heebie jeebies and when I saw the jumpers (from the ride) for the first time I got kinda spooked. I felt better when the restaurant 'revolved' to the other side where I couldn't see them.But regardless, the food was excellent, I highly recommend going in a group/birthday setting because it's more fun. I would definately go again.
3	This place is amazing and I would've gladly given it five stars but here's why I didn't:We went to Top of The World for my boyfriends birthday 2 weeks ago so I will try and remember everything I ordered. We planned to go here for many months and were really looked forward to it. We ordered the Pork Belly for an appetizer and it was AMAZING. Forgive me if I am wrong but If I remember correctly our servers name was Niki. She was cute as a button. Her service and recommendations were excellent (she should get a raise). My main course was the Rack of Lamb and it was just exquisite. It was PERFECTLY cooked and melted in my mouth. By far, the best lamb I have EVER had. The lamb was accompanied by couscous with a wasabi style of kick to it and was out of this world. It complimented the lamb perfectly. I even had one of the managers stop at our table to tell me how excited he was that I ordered that because it is among their best dishes and his personal favorite.My boyfriend ordered the Fillet Mignon and a side of bok choy. I had the privilege to get a taste of both and they were divine. The fillet was perfectly cooked and, again, melted in the mouth. The bok choy was still nicely firm and not overcooked.The wine: We ordered a bottle of Forefront Cabernet Sauvignon which was the perfect pairing for the lamb and the fillet. Everything was perfect...until I decided to walk over to my boyfriend and wish him a happy birthday in his ear. I briefly sat, respectfully, legs closed on his lap to do this when GEORGE the "big boss" of the restaurant quickly comes out of nowhere to tell me to "get off of his lap because there is an 8 year old child sitting near by." REALLY??? What 8 year hasn't seen that! She wasn't even paying any attention to us! He just TOTALLY ruined a perfect night. Not only did he interrupt our sweet meaningful conversation but he embarrassed us without necessity!  Our whole dining experience was perfect until he did that. I feel sorry for the people who have to deal with him with any kind of regularity. This was completely uncalled for, rude, and inexplicable especially for a place of this caliber. Shame on you George, you should know better.
4	Service was good, food was delicious and the view was AMAZING!!!! Your eating dinner and the whole restaurant is moving ....slowly.... I recommend to make reservations! Enjoy!
5	I didn't have high expectations when we decided to dine here after having drinks in the lounge.  I was expecting overpriced mediocre food, figuring we'd be paying mostly for the views.  Boy was I ever wrong!!!!  Yes, the view was amazing, and it was certainly a unique experience to have people jumping off the building flying by the window as your enjoying your meal.  But the food was really really good, and the service was too.  Very impressive wine list with usual high vegas markups.  We would definitely dine here again when we next visit Vegas.
4	the view, oh the view. as the magic hour of sunset approaches and the valley glows from the setting sun, there is no better place to enjoy a tasty beverage and slurp oysters off the half shell than on the 106th floor of the stratosphere tower.--server Deborah won't lead you astray. attentive, warm and professional service. spot on!--maitre'D Santino welcomes you and makes you feel like an old friend come home to your club's dining room--live music and the bustle from the lounge above float down to keep the right atmosphere going--head for the up elevator early so you can wander and shop through the mall on your way to the tower--hang on tight, 'cause that elevator swooshes!#107 lounge service is sporadic and scripted, don't bother.--tiered dessert cart slowly passes you as you spin by, tempting you with delight. the sign says, "for display only" darn it!--oysters on the half with all the trimmings; atomic, lemon, cocktail sauce, tart red wine and beet string salad--turf and quack. a trio of favorites.prime filet, perfectly grilled, pepper cress and luscious reductionseared fois gras atop delectable sweet potato mash, andduck breast, sliced and with its own sweet saucepresentation was a bit off, seemingly rushed--creme brulee with berries.tower restaurants on the spin can easily leave you feeling alone and abandoned with just inches between you and the glass, but not so with this team. server Deborah and manager Santino were on it! Thanks for a wonderful evening!
5	My husband took me to Top of the World for my birthday this weekend and we had a great experience. While we waited for our table we went up to the lounge above. Live band and attentive bartenders. Great place just to have a few drinks. Our server Lou was great. She was very honest about food options and she was attentive. We both ordered the pre-fixed four course meal. First course we had Caesar salad which was delicious. Second was crab cake for me and saw bass for my husband. Crab cakes were so delicious bursts of so many flavors cilantro and capers tasted great together. Sea bass had great flavor but it was on the small side, but great flavor. Third we ordered filet cooked medium. It was delicious with mushroom sauce and string beans. Fourth course were two measly mini desserts it was disappointing. Dessert is what we always look forward to. One bite was a bananas foster which was really good the second bite was a dry chocolate with some fruit jelly maybe raspberry it wasn't good. But it didn't ruin the experience. Ambience is nice and romantic. Even though I have lived here for 8 years I never tire of looking at the valley lit up at night. We had a great experience and will go back!
3	airport-like security screening at base of tower is odd. service is cheerful and professional; yet nothing unique about the bland cafeteria like uniforms for such an expensive restaurant.  drinks are not memorable; lunch is best option for the value. one of the best hamburgers for lunch; great room for seeing the city from above.
5	the meal and the view was worth all the money i spent for the food and alcohol!! woot
4	Wow! What a view! I recommend going during the day so that you can actually see the whole city. It was so pretty. For those of you who do not know, the restaurant turns and takes about an hour to go completely around. We were there for lunch which is a bit more casual so you can go up in shorts and tank. They prefer you dress up in the evening.  The food was GREAT and presented so nicely. I will definitely come back for lunch. The only problem that I had was with the server. She took a while to take our orders and seemed bothered when we needed anything. Here table assistant was great, unfortunately, I had to give my order and get my bill from the server. Regardless, I recommend having lunch here!
5	I go to Top of the World every time I'm in Vegas.  It is a special outing for me and a way to treat friends or family who have gone out of their way for me or just to share the experience of good food, beautiful view, breath-taking fun of watching the bungee jumpers jump from the top and elegant atmosphere.  The tiny desserts are a perfect way to share in an indulgence and end the meal.  Love the place!
4	I'm the King of the world @ The Top of the world restaurant @ The stratosphere... Awesome 180 degree views of the entre Las Vegas valley. I normally have breakfast and lunch at this place. prices are some what ok. Food it's your all american meal. Breakfast may have those wierd gourmet foods its ok.. I prefer going here for lunch. I high recommend if your into awesome views or if your a tourist.
5	A special dinner tonight planned for my boyfriend's birthday not only meet our expectations but, soared higher than anything I could have dreamed of.  Our waiter Bon was super helpful, friendly and entertaining.  The entire staff was engaged with us and the others from the security screener to the elevator operators. We shared the tomato, buffalo mozzarella, grilled pepper and Portabello appetizer with herb oil and balsamic redux dressing along with an assortment of freshly baked bread.  My boyfriend enjoyed the Surf and turf done perfectly while I experienced the well balanced and seasoned Vegetarian plate.The big finish after watching the desert tray from our first full 360 degree location was the Chocolate lovers delight.   The food, wine and service was not only outstanding but, the best I've ever experienced.  As a local, I now wonder what took us so long to come see for ourselves what all the talk was about.I'm breathless from the view and watching the sun set was an added bonus.  We will return and I highly recommend, and I don't use that word lightly, others see for themselves.
5	Our dinner experience at the Top of the World was perfect.  Not one thing needed to be changed.  We had a reservation for a Saturday night and were seated right away.  Our table was in the second row and had a perfect face on view.  The view was amazing, breathtaking even.  Our waiter was very attentive and the service was perfect.  To start, I had the Grilled Portobello and Buffalo Mozzarella.  It was very delicious and everything on it tasted very fresh.  For my main meal, I had the filet mignon.  It was one of the best cuts of steak I have had in a really long time, if not ever.  It was perfectly cooked to medium and extremely flavorful.  It was in a red wine mushroom sauce, which was very yummy.  For my side, I had mashed potatoes.  These were fluffy and prepared wonderfully.  For dessert, we split the lemon bar cheesecake.  It was phenomenal.  The cheesecake was surprisingly light and the lemon bar was a nice addition.  This restaurant is pretty expensive, but for one of the best meals I have ever eaten in my entire life, it was worth every cent.  Definitely make it a point to make this your splurge meal while spending time in Las Vegas, you will not be disappointed.
5	Well worth the money. I don't know why people give this one 4 stars based on price. You really don't go here unless you expect to pay. The service was great as well as the food! The filet was melt in your mouth as you can expect, cook exactly as I had ordered. The view at sunset is spectacular, I would recommend making a reservation at this time. The dress code says business attire, but you will be fine as long as your neatly dressed. You do have to go through security but its no big deal, just empty your pockets and move along. I would recommend this place to any one visiting Vegas.
5	Amazing experience, unique service.
4	Great view and food. Wheelchair accessible to boot. Definitely a must do romantic spot.
5	Top of the world felt just like that for me while I was there. My boyfriend purposed to me here and it was the most amazing purposal, view and restuarant. The view was just breathtaking!! Filet mignon was tender, juicy and delish!~ My whole family was so happy and impressed with the service, scenery and overall the restuarant.. The best part they had a photographer going around and taken pictures and captured the whole purposal. Priceless!~ Can't wait to go back and recap the whole night.. It truly was the most memorable and astonishing night of my life.. :-)
3	I have very conflicted opinions about Top of the World. On one hand, I proposed to my wife here, on the other hand, the service was just terrible.I did a lot of research before choosing this restaurant to propose. I knew I'd be in Vegas with some of our closest friends and I needed a nice place that could accommodate all of us. In the end, I ended up choosing this restaurant.Now the restaurant is very nice. The view at night was just marvelous, and I highly recommend coming here for a drink or two if you're in Vegas, just for the view itself. This is a rotating restaurant, meaning that you get a 360 degree view of Vegas.We had a party of 12, so had to sit in 2 different tables, that were next to each other. We had 2 different waiters (I mention this for a reason, so read on...).  We ordered a few different appetizers, and I think most of us ordered steak for the entree, and we were all happy with the food (albeit the price).Now I had popped the question after dinner, and we were all very happy because she had said "yes". There was a small band in the restaurant that even sang a song for us. Everything was nice, until the waiters for one of our table came by and told us we had to leave because another group was waiting for our table. We had just gotten dessert at our table, so we weren't even finished with our meal. The waitress was very rude and her supervisor also came by and said we had to leave.  I was a little surprised at their tone, and didn't expect this kind of behavior from this restaurant.  For 12 of us, our bill was over $1,200. You would think after spending that much, they would be a little nicer to you.It's a shame that service was so bad here. We came here to celebrate such a memorable occasion, but in the end, the service left a bad taste in our mouth.
5	For starters this place is very expensive, but you get a lot of value you for what you pay for. First you are at the top of the Stratosphere so you get an incredible view of Las Vegas. Not only that the restaurant does a complete 360 rotation about every hour I believe so you get a good view of all of Vegas. I had a steak and it was fantastic. The servers here are excellent as well. They also warn you before not to get alarmed if you see people jumping from the building because the free fall ride they have jumps off from just above the restaurant, and sure enough a few minutes later we saw someone go off. As a bonus too you get free admission to the observation deck.
1	Where do I begin. Well, the view is nice, but you can grab a cocktail in the lounge for that. The food is overpriced and tasted terrible.We reservations and check in at 8p for a 8:30 reservation and had to wait an additional 10 minutes for the table to be set. Then after we sat it took over 10 minutes to get bread at the table (no it was not there when the table was set).Caesar salad had romaine cores, potatoes with steak had an off flavor, the steak was cooked alright, but it was salty and the demi glace was thick and tasted like it was mixed from a McCormick packet. The pork tenderloin was totally out of season and should not have been on the menu . Sea bass was so-so. The servers were pretty rude and slow.So many other great places to eat...don't waste your time here.
4	I went to Top of the World Restaurant over the weekend.  First, the restaurant is on the 106th floor of the Stratosphere, so if you are afraid of heights...navigate to a new restaurant.  The view is undeniably gorgeous.  I had a romantic dinner overlooking all of Las Vegas.  We were sat near the outer edge so that we can see everything.  They even have jumpers off of the building.  Sadly, that didn't happen because there was lightning.  Understood.There is not too much to choose from on the menu and is rather pricey.  All the entrees are just that.  The entree.  I got the 14oz. New York steak with Brandy peppercorn sauce.  Pretty large steak!  If you want sides, you have to pony up about $10.The wait staff was impeccable.  They always made sure our drinks were filled (could only afford free water at this point) and that everything tasted good--which the food did.You do have to spend a minimum of $50 per person, so if you order the chicken which is $46, you will have to order additional items (extra sauce is $2, so get two sauces!).Overall a good experience.  Breathtaking view!
2	My friends and I are locals celebrating a 30th bday. Had a 12 party reservation at 10:30pm. The mngr Eric was so PO'd we were holding up the kitchen he refused to accommodate our parties' table. He said he could put 2 tables of 6  and when I said ok he told me to "get back to my table." Never did fix the tables he was just an ass about it. So rude and unappreciative of the fact we were about to spend $1000 at his shitty casino restaurant. I will never ever come to this restaurant again. If they didn't want to have a party of 12 come in at 10:30pm then they shouldn't have made the reservation!!
5	We had a really nice experience at this restaurant for a special night out with my girlfriend and friends. I would have given these guys 4 stars for a service deduction, but they recently earned 5 stars with corrective action, and I will definitely be going back to dine with them again.Here's the recap:ATMOSPHERE - The view was breathtaking. I booked our reservation just before sunset, so we got an incredible view of the strip, the mountains, and the rest of Vegas while the sun was setting behind the mountains. Eating at the highest point in Vegas with a rotating view of everything around us? Fantastic. There was also live music going on upstairs by a little jazz combo group that set a very relaxing tone. And the folks jumping off the building was really cool too! I couldn't have asked for a better ambience.FOOD - Nearly everything was exquisite. I had a Turf and Quack dish with a mouthwatering filet and duck that were both perfectly cooked and practically melted in my mouth, and foie gras that was one of the best and most flavorful I've ever had. My two friends who joined us also loved their dishes and spoke similary of theirs. My girlfriend had a duck dish that was actually somewhat bland and overcooked, and she didn't end up eating much of it. Though our server didn't help us much with that, we spoke to the General Manager and he made it a point to correct it. Every restaurant can make a mistake dish every once in a while, but the way the GM handled it was extremely courteous and professional, and we were happy about that.DRINKS - Incredibly delicious cocktails that were strong but masterfully mixed for a brilliant fruity summer taste. And those prices were reasonable for an upscale restaurant. No complaints!SERVICE - Our cups were always filled, someone was most always stopping by to check on us. Almost everyone we engaged with was extremely friendly. We had a server who seemed a bit less knowledgeable about the menu than we would have liked, and he didn't stop by later to help us when we needed to send back a dish, but his colleagues were extremely helpful and that made up for it. Later when I discussed with the General Manager (George) the less-than-ideal duck dish that my girlfriend had and the server's C+ attention, the GM promptly discussed the issue with his management and applicable staff to be sure that situation wouldn't happen again. To me, great service is handling a sitaution very seriously and meeting constructive criticism with corrective action for the benefit of their clientele.---OVERALL - Nearly everything about my experience was awesome, and anything that was less than awesome was met with prompt, corrective action by General Management and a commitment to keeping our relationship with them as clients. I will most definitely dine with Top of the World again.
5	Probably my favorite thing we did in Vegas (and we did a ton). Great experience!!Want to get away from the sweaty/dirty masses for a while? Well they can't probably afford to follow you up here!! :)
4	Food is delicious, atmosphere is "pure Vegas" having a 360 degree view of the strip. Nice place to go for special occasions, business and on vacation. Worth every penny
4	We went to the stratosphere for our one year wedding anniversary, it wasn't the best hotel and after going thru security and up the old elevator with the elevator attendant we arrived at the restaurant. we were seated at a great table by the window and as you know it takes about an hour an half to turn around the entire hotel. The views are specatacular. Our Waiter, David, has been there forever and gave us all the history and recommendations. The manager for some reason wasn't thrilled that he would speak to us but he was definately doing his job. Our water was always full and we were even given extra bread and butter. I started off with the lobster bisque and that was specatacular. My husband had a salad and the ribeye with mushrooms. I had a filet mignon and baked potatoe.  He said my filet was much better than his rib eye and the potatoe was nothing to write home about. The mushrooms were good. and our drinks were just average. We do have to say that the service and view were definately top quality. We would suggest for a special night and great memory afterwards you are able to go up to the tip top and see the view from outside and see all the crazys jump off the side of the building.Keep in mind: Although they tell you to dress up. most people go very casual. we could hear the people up at the lounge upstairs. ANd the crowd of kids who go for the rides is not what you want for a special occasion.
3	My husband and I dined here with another couple, and had a decent visit. Before I get into the review of the food, it should be known that what really makes this an experience is, of course, the amazing view and ambiance. The Stratosphere offers a second to none view of the entire valley from the slowly rotating platform upon which the restaurant is positioned. This is definitely a place that will impress out-of-towners and locals alike. But why did I give it only 3 stars? Here's why:The food was underwhelming. The prices weren't outrageous, but the dishes were all unremarkable. We had the pork belly appetizer, which is usually great anywhere (hello, bacon). This one wasn't seared to give it the nice crunchy texture, and left something to be desired. The lobster bisque had a strong curry flavor, which overpowered the lobster completely. Tasty it was, but not what I was expecting or like any seafood bisque I've ever had. I ordered the pork tenderloin wrapped in bacon (warning: huge portion), and it was overcooked. I specifically asked for it to be cooked to a medium, and the waitress initially said the chef wouldn't do it. I asked her to check, but that I would order something else if he really wouldn't, but she came back and said he would. He didn't. I ate maybe half of one pork medallion and decided I wasn't into it enough to keep eating. We finished with the cheese plate, which was good - not spectacular.The service was very good, and the Sommelier was really helpful in choosing a wine to suit all of us. Again, I really didn't dislike the food...it was just not as delicious as I would've hoped for.Bottom Line: Come here for the view, experience, and drinks, not for excellent food.
2	if you're going to enjoy a breathtaking view of las vegas, then this is the place! if your looking for a great place to eat, try somewhere else. i had the filet and it was chewy. my husband had the ribeye and didnt like it either. the waitress never came bck to the table to ask us how are meal was but im sure they found out with the half chewed meat in our napkins.
4	Went here with a group of girlfriends, the food is delicious and the scenery obviously awesome.The menu is a la carte (we each ordered our own entree and sides)... I wish our server would have told us that the sides were large enough to feed a whole family we would have saved a lot of money and spared all the wasted food. But all that food was delicious, perfectly cooked, tender steak, creamy mashed potatoes, and flavorful asparagus.I would definitely return for a romantic dinner... and we would share!
4	I went here for lunch, and for what you get it's pretty worth the price.  Especially when you consider that going up for the view alone is about $18, a lunch where you pay $20 is a bargain.I read the Yelp reviews and so lobster bisque was my pick for food.  It was very good, but not the best i've ever eaten.  Definitely worth the price, especially with the rolls it was a very filling lunch; but the bisque was bordering on too salty (and I love salty food).My friends got burgers and loved them, and I snitched some french fries and they were excellent.  Some of our party also got dessert and raved about the bananas foster.  I tried a bite and it was pretty excellent from what I could taste.Would I come here for dinner knowing how expensive it is and the quality of food?  Probably not.  Unless the view is really the priority (which, it is an amazing view) I don't know that the food is worth the price I saw on the dinner menus.
3	Went to the 100th something floor and got seated. Dining room rotates and see N S E and west of Las vegas. The waiter said it completely rotates in a full circle in about hour. I started with the Lobster Bisque soup, it was ok. I would rather have a bowl of pho. Then my entree was Surf and Turf crab cake.. it was good, nothing special.You can also see people sky dive off the floor above us while eating. I got surprise when I seen a person falling. Did a guy just jump off? Pretty cool.Also a lady keep coming over to try and take a picture but kindly told her to give us time. She came back and said let me know when your ready to take a picture we were like ok. So she came back. Kinda felt sorry for her she was an older lady.. very nice. She took our picture and said she will be right back after she prints and put it in one of those hard paper frames. The thing is it was like $20-25 bucks.
4	very romantic place food is expenisive but very good. we had a great server Max who handled everything we asked for.The View of the city is worth the price of dinner. We recommend the place if you want a romantic night
5	I went to Top of the World Restaurant while I was touring the Stratosphere. I decided to try Top of the World Restaurant for lunch instead of dinner. Even though I went for lunch, it's important to make reservations. Lunch is more casual than dinner. The view from Top of the World Restaurant is truly amazing. One of the best views you can get while eating lunch or dinner. Definitely the best view I've experienced while eating. The restaurant turns while you are eating, you get a full view of Las Vegas. Before I ordered my lunch, one of the employees took some photos of me. The lady taking the photos really does a great job having you pose for pictures. She has you take different poses with different background views as the restaurant turns. The lady was really nice and down to earth.I ended up buying the photos after lunch for the memories. It's hard to focus on ordering food with such a nice view of LasVegas. For lunch, I ordered the crab cake appetitzers.The crab cake appetizer were delicious. The crab cakes were full of crab meat. I also ordered the Cajun fried chicken sandwhich. The Cajun fried chicken sandwich consisted of cabbage slaw, sriracha aioli , and ciabatta bread.To my surprise, the sandwich was delicious. Top of the World Restaurant food quality compliment the nice view of the restaurant. The service at Top of the World Restaurant was great. The waitress was very attentive. Top of the World Restaurant has a nice romantic atmosphere. If you want a romantic restaurant in Las Vegas, look no further. I recommend Top of the World Restaurant for the view of Las Vegas and the delicious food.
4	This was a great experience. We arrived about 1 hour early, went up to the observation deck and had a cocktail. It was very romantic. The restaurant turns around with a view from the top of the Stratosphere of the city. The service, including our waitor, Bon, was excellent. The food was differently better, both the Rib Eye and Chicken Breast entrees tasted amazing. The twice baked potatoes were decent, although, in my opinion, I believe Bob Taylor's Ranch House makes a better version. For desert, we enjoyed a slice of Red Velvet with a white frosting inside a while chocolate cone. Definitely enjoyed, and should be done once by everyone.
4	My husband and I went here for our "nice" dinner on our trip to Vegas. With so many places in Vegas to choose from this one did win because of the view. However it was much better than what we expected reading the reviews on Yelp about how "gimmicky" it was. Our waiter, Max, went above and beyond which is nice to see even though the tip had already been incuded with the final bill. We started off with the pork belly appetizer ($14). which was to die for! So yummy needless to say we scarfed that down pretty quick. I had the Turf and Quack with Duo of Sauces ($66) and the Mr had the Fettuccine Seafood Alfredo with Lobster, Prawns and Scallops ($55). Both were super delicious! We both agreed mine was definitely worth the cost but for pasta his did run a bit on the steep side. Saying that neither one of us could finish our meals! It was nice going to a "fancy" restaurant and not getting a baby sized meal. Handsdown one of the best steaks I've ever had in my life! Would go back during lunch hour so have the amazing food without the pricetag of dinner, but happy we went.
4	This is a great place. Unfortunately the food doesn't quite live up to the view. Still, I would recommend trying at least once to see for yourself.
3	So I visited this place tonight... and after everything was done I was only somewhat unimpressed.... first off, I did not have a reservation and was told by locals that because of the high $$$$ as long as its not on the weekend you can do a walk in due to the fact that the restaurant is mainly used by tourist. Upon getting there I had to endure a 20-30 minute wait. Although when we were seated, I saw many empty tables which made me believe that the "wait time" was done on purpose to give the illusion that its full. On to the food, the only thing I would highly recommend is their lobster bisque soup, which was delicious! I ordered the pork sirloin ($50) and my girlfriend ordered the steak (10 oz) and lobster tail ($79). To me the food portions were small and did not come with any sides. To me the price doesn't justify the quantity. By the way the mixed drinks were very "light" on liquor... but your paying a premium price of about $13-$15 bucks for a mixed drink. Overall my total bill was $214... and while the view is remarkable I probably wont be back again unless its a really important occasion... and even that is something i'd have to give serious thought about doing.
4	The view alone from 106 floors up makes this spot worth a visit! I wasn't very hungry so I had a crab cake and salad and my friend enjoyed a burger. Service was attentive.
4	A great place to eat on special occasions with a breathtaking view from the top of the Stratosphere Tower in Vegas! Went there back in March 2012 for dinner for 5 people and it was great!  Meal was a bit pricy; $88 for a 4-course dinner, not including drinks. Server was very pleasant and attentive. So 5-star for the service & ambience, 4-star for the food. Only drag (3-stars) is that the elevators are strategically placed at the end of a long walk thru the casino & shopping area ... so if you have older folks who are not able to walk quickly or for long distances, might want to consider adding extra time (15-20 minutes) or even a wheel chair.
4	Go earlier than you need to be! There is a security crossing to get into the restaurant. This caused us to be a little bit late but the staff is so friendly they don't worry about it (and it probably happens all the time because people don't expect it).Service is good. The whole restaurant seems to move at it's own pace. It's a little slow - the time between people checking on your table, the wait for drinks, time between order and food arrival - but it's not terrible, it is what it is and it seems to fit the slow rotation of the restaurant.The food was great. Not incredible hence not 5 stars. My duck was meh... was better with the sauce intended for the beef. But the steak was amazing... melt in your mouth greatness.  The free-range chicken was delicious as well, a tad too much cheese inside but the taste more than made up for it.Totally recommend going.
4	My boyfriend was able to snag a 5:30pm Saturday dinner reservation on the same day. We arrived at 6pm, and they were still able to hook it up with a window table. It's true, place is expensive, and if not for the view- definitely overrated, but you're on the 67890th floor and you get a 360 view of Las Vegas. We scored seeing the city in the daytime, twilight time, sunset, and night time. The floor rotates and the whole rotation takes about 2 hours, which is how long dinner lasted- totes worth it! The service from check in to send off was great- professional, not pretentious, and actually funny. The menu  is a la cart, but me and my boo did the tasting menu (4 courses). FYI- you can substitute the meat course with lamb chops- yum! The lobster bisque was OK, kinda salty, but Boo Thang loved it. As with any fancy restaurant the portions are small, but you do get full with the tasting menu. I don't know the final price, but Boo Thang said the damage wasn't that bad... for the unlimited time on the rooftop, 360 degree Las Vegas view, food, and drinks you would have spent the same monetary amount at a fancy steakhouse. I rated this place a 4 because it's a restaurant with no party in my mouth, but the value and experience is definitely worth it! The Good:360 degree view of Vegas Unlimited time on the rooftop The Bad: After a romantic dinner, we went up to look at the skyline, two words: Tourist Central. PS: This place is everybody friendly. The attire is business casual, but it's not strict. We had dinner and we saw a family celebrating a birthday, couple anniversary, and even a wedding reception.
5	Great food, great view. Very romantic.  Get a table right next to the window, definitely worth it for a special occasion. They even have weekly wines that are a special price and lower than normal. I would do it again!
4	What a view!!!My husband and I took my stepdaughter and her boyfriend here while we were visiting them in Vegas. Great choice! My stepdaughter and I both had the Chicken Breast filled with Three Cheese Fondue. Excellent! Her boyfriend had the California Muscovy Duck Breast with Orange and Lime Hoisin Sauce which he said we very good and my husband had the 16oz. USDA Prime Rib-Eye with Horseradish Crust and Demi-Glace. He loved it! We shared the Ricotta gnocchi "Mac and Cheese" and white truffle oil and Yukon gold mashed potato which were both very good. Very good wine selection and wonderful service! We were even able to see the sky jumpers a couple times. Great place for a group of friends or a dinner for two. Top of the World is a place we would recommend and return to.
4	A must during your LV visit.  Great view, great food, great service.  As the place rotates, you will sometimes see someone bunjee jumping and passing the window!
3	For the price of the food your paying for, it could have been better.  We felt that everything we ordered was very salty.  I ordered a steak, and at a price like this it should have came out with the plate almost on fire along with the steak, but it was barely hot.  I guess you pay for the view tho, amazing view at night, rotating floor 360 degrees.
5	Giving this place 5 stars for the awesome view and kick ass happy hour. I've never had dinner there but based on the appetizers it will not disappoint!
4	For a long time, I've held a negative image of the Stratosphere. I've never stayed there, but many years ago I visited the casino and wrote it off. However, my image has changed after dining in the Top of the World Restaurant last September.Arrive early, as it's a long walk through the hotel and to the elevators that take you to the top. You also must go through a security check point that took about ten minutes. The views are breathtaking. Really, one of the best views on the strip. The service is top notch. Everyone on staff was warm, welcoming and more than competent. Along with the view, they are the superstars of the restaurant.Do not order the tasting menu, unless you are on the competitive eating circuit. The portions are mammoth. If you do decide to try it, as it is a great deal, make sure to eat about 1/3 of each course, so that you will have enough room to taste them all. The food is excellent and I nearly cried when I felt ill during my steak from too much food. I couldn't even take the smallest bite of dessert because I was so stuffed. Our server told us that the tasting menu has grown in size over the years and people rarely are able to eat it all. You've been warned!It's a little cheesy, but also exciting to occasionally see people bungee jumping off the side of the building. It's so unexpected, that they have warning signs on the walls. They will also send around a photographer, which again is cheesy, but we got such a great photograph out of it, that we bought it.I'm glad to have had this dining experience. It's well worth the money.
5	I had what turned out to be the most memorable evening at The Top of The World on December 4th, 2012. My server was Max. Max displayed exemplary personality and food server skills that every restaurant so highly desires. While waiting for food and drinks, we had the pleasure to meet the GM Robert Drones. Another one of the fine employees at this hotel and restaurant. We decided to start our meal by ordering the Lobster Bisque.  What a great choice.  Extrememly rich deep color and flavor.  Having worked at a Culinary College, (Non Culinary capacity), I had the opportunity to observe the long and tedious process of making the stock to produce such a delicious lobster bisque.For our main course, we ordered the roasted chicken and the scottish salmon. The roasted chicken was so moist, each time I sliced a piece off, the juices just ran through the breast of the chicken. The salmon, rich in flavor, flaky and moist was just outstanding. These dishes were so delicious. Max, our server introduced us to the Peach Margaritas. Not normally a peach type drinkers, I must say, this cocktail was again very yummy. Smooth, and refreshing. Guys, I promise you will keep your man card with this cocktail.After a fine meal, we had the pleasure and task of eating some dessert. It is so wrong to eat at a fine dining restaurant and jump into the desserts. We had the lemon bar cheese cake and the bananas foster.I cannot thank the staff at the hotel and especially the "Top of The World" for such a wonderful display of culinary expertise, by first class professionals and a fine food experience with the most incredible 360 degree views of the Las Vegas and sorounding areas.I will be back for sure....Troy Landrum
4	A restaurant with one of the world perhaps best views.I've eaten dinner at this restaurant 6 times in total and has been served really good food and wine every time.I look forward to visiting this restaurant again
5	What a great experience.  The food is amazing the service is attentive and the view is spectacular.  The price, $90, for the pre-fixe menu is worth every bit the money you pay.  The steak is probably the best I have ever had.  Will certainly come back for the great food and atmosphere.  I do have 1 small gripe though, the place smells like lobster bisque as this is the house soup and you have to go through a metal detector to get there, other than that, this place is top notch.
4	I wasn't all that thrilled about going to an overpriced lounge with a spectacular view, but what sold me was the Hamburger sliders.Yes, hamburger sliders.We went during lunch time since it's cheaper and we didn't want to roll in with our tourist clothes and awkwardly try to get a table while the fancy people scoffed at us under their drinks. It was quiet when we go there and ordered drinks (which were ok). But damn, those sliders have been haunting my mind so much that I would fly back to Las Vegas, eat them, and go right back home if I wanted to. I don't know what special sauce they put it them, but the sliders are delicious! I still think I can taste them right now. So do yourself a favor, go during lunch on an off day, grab a drink, eat some sliders, and watch the crazies bungy jump off the building.
5	Excellent food and service
4	Fantastic view!Food is good except the lobster bisque was only lukewarm. Enjoyed the rest of the dinner; the banana foster was yummy. Staff was attentive.Add watching sky divers jumping from the observatory, all in all a memorable evening.
4	We have been eating at Top of the World for several years now.  I would give it 4.5 stars, but that's not an option.  So, 4 stars it is, because it's not a 5 star place.As other yelpers note, the Stratosphere is off the beaten path if you are staying in the more crowded part of the strip.  And, it's not a very nice hotel/casino.  But, Top of the World is worth the cab ride.  The restaurant does spin, so if you get motion sickness I would not advise sitting on the outer circle.  I have never sat there because I didn't want to feel motion while I eat.The lobster bisque is a dish we have ordered on more than one occasion.  It's a very solid representation of this fine dining staple.  Likewise, the crabcakes are large and have a good helping of crab meat, as opposed to some cakes that are mostly filler.The horseradish crusted ribeye is a definite repeat order.  It's not as large as some of the dinosaur bones you get on the strip at 16 ounces, but it's more than enough and has an excellent kick due to the crust.The wine list is not vastly extensive, but it's not short either.  Prices are expected given its location.  Service is very prompt, never had an issue in several visits.  After dinner, have a drink or 3 at the bar downstairs and get a great view of the valley.
4	My husband and I planned on eloping in Las Vegas (see my review for the Little White Wedding Chapel) and in preparation I made a reservation at the Top of the World a few months in advance.  This was to be our big celebration dinner the night after we married.  I requested a window seat, of course, which I was nervous we may not get but hoped for the best.  The night of our dinner we dressed to the nines and barely ate all day so we could save our appetite.  When we arrived we did have to wait a little longer than I hoped considering we had an 8:45 p.m. reservation.  We went to the lounge which is on another floor, grabbed a drink, then headed out to the observation deck to see what all the fuss is about.  It really is a fantastic view.  The reason I can't give a five star review is because in addition to our wait, when our buzzer went off we simply couldn't find our way back to the restaurant!  the lounge is on a different floor and the bartender's directions were very obscure.  I don't know how we did it but we did.   i know it sounds silly but it honestly was not easy to navigate :o)  The food, service and wine, however, IS five star.  the prices were a little intimidating because we are by no means "fancy."  In fact, we were nervous that we would act too silly or that our manners may be sub par hahaha.  The server (I wish i could remember his name) was great.  We started with oysters and lobster bisque.  Very fresh and very, very tasty.  I'm from New England so I consider myself fairly educated on what is good seafood.  My husband got the filet and alaskan crab leg while i got the filet and lobster tail.  Perfectly cooked.  absolutely delicious.  the menu offers wine suggestions for each dish, which we went with because we are not experts on wine and food pairings.  They were spot on.  The meal was so savory, we were very happy.  With the food aside, the restaurant itself was incredible.  Oh, we DID get that window seat, by the way :o)   We were there for nearly two hours (not because of service, we wanted to take our time, which they didn't seem to mind at all) and because the restaurant floor rotates 360 degrees every hour or so, we got the most fantastic, romantic view of the strip.  The only thing (and they do warn you) that was a little odd was the jumpers dropping from the top of the Stratosphere outside of the window.  Honestly, we thought it was funny.  Overall I had a wonderful time.  the food was delicious and the staff was great.  One of the managers was adorable; he came over to thank my husband for bringing "such a beautiful young lady into the restaurant."  Maybe he was just buttering us up but it worked haha.  Very beautiful, very romantic and tasty.
4	Top of the world restaurant is a place you must visit when your in Las Vegas .The food is great and the service was the best.
4	Can you get a better meal on the strip?  Sure. Is the food alone worth the trip to the Top of the World?  Absolutely.   Are you coming to Top of the World for the food alone?  Heck no!  Do the views make this one of the best overall dining experiences in Vegas?  You betcha they do!Look, this place rocks and I'll be back again.  The restaurant, like the Stratosphere itself is showing some age, but its very good.  If you're staying in one of the megaresorts on the Strip, you're going to need to save a few bucks from the tables and spring for the cab ride to and from the Stratosphere to try the Top of the World.  This is not a short walk from the Wynn, Venetian, Mirage, etc.  While having to go through security and a metal detector, just to go to dinner may seem a bit disconcerting, here, its worth it.  We made our reservation several months in advance based on a recommendation from friends who had recently dined there.  We booked the reservation for about 20 minutes before sunset, in hopes we would be seated right around the time the strip lights up.  We were seated promptly and got to see Vegas transform from day to night.  While the strip lighting up was fun, the sun setting behind the mountains was beautiful.The food is very good.  Yes, you can find some places on the strip where it is better for comparable prices, but remember the view!  You pay extra for a hotel with a view and you do the same here (albeit not that much extra given the high quality of the fare).  Service was top notch.  Our server was attentive, prompt and not rushed, even though we were occupying a prized window seat.  I had the wedge salad which had big chunks of bacon. The filet and pork tenderloin were both well portioned and cooked perfectly.  Both, along with the salad were enough to fill anyone up.  The desserts all looked very good, but we simply did not leave room.As noted by other reviews, the restaurant moves.  I can get motion sick, but the motion here, is barely noticeable.  There were no issues.  One of the more exciting things is when you realize there are people riding the rides and bungee jumping from the top of the tower, above you.  It is kind of neat to see people plummeting past the windows as you eat.  After dinner you have access to the observation deck which is a blast.  You get to see people riding the insane rides and bungeeing from the building.  In addition, you get great unobstructed views of the strip, all lit up.  In the end, this was worth the trip, good food, very good service and amazing views.
2	The service was really good until we received our main entrees, after that we did not see our waiter until the end of the meal. The seafood tower was very good and set a good standard for dinner however that was one of the highlights of the evening.  .My lamb chops were over cooked and the steak that was ordered was VERY fatty. For the prices it should have been a better experience. The views were amazing and it was a nice touch since we didn't order dessert and there was a birthday they brought out some whipped cream and raspberries with a candle. I would not be back, I would recommend for a drink or dessert since the views are amazing!
5	After planning a last minute Vegas wedding, with very little restaurant research, or really any research in general, we found ourselves here.  we basically made the reservation just before coming in- got a fabulous window seat, and got seated early!  Service was impeccable, we were greeted by the owner, who thanked us for coming to his restaurant, and the food was delicious and well presented. The reason to come here is obviously for the rotating 360 degree view of Las Vegas.  The prices are very high end, but you are paying more for the atmosphere and less for the actual food itself (although it was really delicious and cooked to our liking).  There is also a second level lounge and live music (not sure if they do that every night or just on weekends). We were wearing our wedding dress and suit and clearly enjoying a fabulous wedding dinner. the staff was super friendly and complimentary, although i kind of thought they might throw us a freebie, but who am i kidding, nothing is free in Vegas!  Beware of the really nice photographer lady, if you are swept away by the ambiance, you might get sucked into buying one of her photos, which will be one million dollars.  The elevator staff was very knowledgeable, and without their guidance i would have never been able to navigate the place. they also have a bit of trivia and facts for you.  fun! Best night of my life! if you are in vegas, you should eat here (do it on someone else's dime if you can!)
5	BON the server was frigging amazing! Trust me when I say he is knowledgeable and amazing at his job, I was set off by the price at first but said efffff it mayne I'm n vegas and enjoy it...so I did...and it all was great. The seafood Alfredo was the absolute bomb yo!I had the crabcake appetizer and it was just okay. I wasnt blown away by the taste or the sauce. The ceasar salad was incredible, and the lobster bisque was NOT a pleasant taste to me...HOWEVER, the Seafood alfredo was incredible, lobster, shrimp, and scallops all combined in a homemade pasta sauce that was to die for! Go at sunset.
5	my lovely sisters arranged dinner here for my birthday while we were in Las Vegas last week. We arrived before dark and purposefully arrived early. This allowed us to enjoy the observation deck as the sun set and the lights came on all across the desert view. Incredible and a little eerie from up so high! 108 stories up above the strip. You can see forever! We went down to the restaurant, one floor below the deck. The restaurant turns continuously as you dine. You can barely tell it is moving so I promise it wont bother you at all! It takes a full 80 minutes to make one turn all the way around 360 degrees. The thrill rides are above you and you can occasionally see a sky jumper dive off the building!  Wow! The service was impeccable and we were treated very well! We ordered the crab cake appetizer and split a Caesar salad three ways.  The crab was delish  as was the salad but we ordered our anchovies on the side. They were huge! lol.  We had the New England Prawns and  the Filet Mignon . The butter was even a treat, arriving in three little bundles, regular, orange and Basil. It was a perfect compliment to the great bread basket. We only managed to peek at the desserts as we had plenty to eat. I would come back here again! It was a fabulous evening!
3	This is the kind of  place that you pay premium prices are the setting.  You can't even visit the top of the Stratosphere without paying unless your eating at this restaurant.  Pro's:Location, Location, LocationGood ServiceCon's: 6/10 gourmet food at 10/10 pricesI had a simple baked fish dish and it was very bland and I could have gotten it anywhere.  We went out with 8 people and it cost over 1000 dollars with drinks.  I would have given this place 1-2 stars but the setting is so spectacular (500 feet high) I have to give it 3 stars.Very expensive, but you have to go the top of this hotel once in your lifetime.  Even if you don't eat at Top of the World.Thanks
3	They have a pretty good view and their food is not bad.  With so many good places to eat in Vegas, it's hard to argue for this place.  Though the view is nice, I wish their food quality was just a bit better to make it all the more enjoyable.-soup of the day:  This was a potato soup, it was pretty tasty and I thought there would be a sliced filet topping, I didn't see it =T-pork belly app:  After having those roasted brussel sprouts, nothing can compare.  The pork belly was okay but it'd be a lot better if they had braised the belly and then seared the skin to a crisp.  It was delicious because it was a pork belly but it tasted just like a boiled bork belly on top of sliced brussel sprouts.-gnocchi:  This was okay, not the best I've had but the flavor was fine.  I'd order something else.-filet with wine reduction:  The temperature of the steak was a bit more cooked than I asked for.  Otherwise, it was pretty standard.-crabcake:  Nice lump crabcake.  Not too much mayo, just the way I like it =)-foie gras:  Since it's banned in Los Angeles, how could I say no for an extra $12???  Easy, n.o. T_T  It wasn't supple and melty-in-mouthy-like.  I don't think it was cleaned correctly because it was kind of gritty in some parts and not very tasty =TThe staff was extremely nice though.  I just wish the hotel let me extend late checkout for a bit more so that I could finish my meal without rushing since the food was coming out slower than I thought it would.  Oh wellz, you can't win them all =T
2	Valentine's evening 2013, my wonderful husband surprised me with dinner at this restaurant as we had never been to either the Stratosphere or the restaurant before. I was so looking forward to a wonderful evening with one of my bestest friends and my wonderful husband. Unfortunately the experience as a whole left a bad taste in my mouth. It was a combination of the Management of the facility as well as another diner in the restaurant that honestly I wish I was able to confront for ruining such a wonderful evening.Without letting that situation put a bias on my review of their food, it was mediocre at best and seriously over-priced for what we had tried to consume before being rudely interupted by the manager. It seems that one of the other diners near us were offended by our laughter and enjoyment, enthusiasm for being together, and certain words that were spoken at my table. The manager then approached our table, looked at me directly and asked that we refrain from these activities immediately. Now please keep in mind I spent well over 200 dollars for dinner and had not even been served as yet. I promptly requested to know whom had made such a request of us, as I intended to embarass and humiliate them as they had done to me. Maybe not the best approach but honestly - who in their right mind is so narcassistic to believe that they are allowed to go out in Public then mandate that the Public behave in the way they deem they should? If you are so easily offended by others, stay at home and don't ever leave.Back to dinner, I gathered my things, my 25 dollar valentine's day dinner picture, my BFF and left my husband to deal with getting our dinner to go. We had split some of the meal with my friend so he had 2 cards and some cash he wanted to give towards the dinner with the intent of giving cash to the waitress after the transaction as a tip (we prefer tipping in cash as we believe the servers are not taxed on this and get to keep more of it - if that makes sense). I am not real clear on what the cash portion my husband provided was for as I think he had wanted to get change from it but it seems the waitress took it upon herself not to return 20 dollars of that cash. Funny, she was going to receive a much larger tip than 20 dollars as she was excellent, it was her manager that was the jerk, but just taking the money and not returning it, allowed us to assume thats all she thought she deserved and we did not offer anything more. All in all, as I indicated, the food really wasn't all that compared to other places we have been to with similar offerings. The price was not fitting of the quality of food, the service was excellent but that last little action was uncalled for. The manager needs a class in people skills and the only real redeeming quality this place has is that it sits at the top of the Stratosphere, spins and provides a nice view of the strip when your table finally gets there. If it was just an observation deck with a bar it could have been a much better place to go. Overall I was pretty bummed that this place seems to get a lot of hype but really is disappointing in the end.
4	I came here to enjoy the ambiance and left feeling more than satisfied.  I had ordered the lobster bisque, which was the best lobster soup I have ever had to date.  My next dish was the Californian Chicken with a side of mash potatoes and green beans.  The chicken was cooked well and can taste every bit of it.  It took me back to thanksgiving.  The service was superb.  They refilled our wine glasses and water.  Did I mention that the views were spectacular.  I started off looking at the strip and after 1 hour or so, I came back around, which was an excellent way to end the evening.
4	We arrived to the restaurant at 5:00pm, which was perfect because it wasn't too busy. The greeters at the front were very nice and friendly. The fellow in the elevator was quite comical as was the man that was the busser for the table. Our waitress was okay, nothing out of the ordinary unfortunately. I like to think I am particular about my food and being that I'm Indian I am not willing to spend large amounts of money (or even allow someone to spend such money on me) on mediocre food. However, the food here was amazing! I started with a salad and had a vegetarian dish for my main course. The food had so much flavor! I was so surprised, it was so tasty!. My boyfriend also started with a salad and had a seafood alfredo dish for his main course. He loved it and devoured it within minutes. Who can forget the amazing view?! We watched the sunset over the city/valley. The restaurant was quite and intimate, the booth was spacious and I spent the evening with my lovely boyfriend and had a fantastic experience. I would definitely frequent this restaurant again in the future.I am taking a star off because the waitress was lacking personality. If you make a substantial tip regardless, I expect a little bit of happiness out of you. The manager or owner was greeting all of the tables, which I thought was a wise business tactic. He complimented my boyfriend and myself. Although this was lovely, he used the same line on the next table; which was fine, but at least use mix it up bro. Maybe I'm being too picky, but I used to work in the restaurant/hospitality industry; so I might as well be picky (:All in all, I would recommend this restaurant for the grandeur food, breathtaking view, and lovely experience!
5	It was so difficult for me to find a good restaurant with great food in Vegas. So although it comes with a price, the view is amazing, the food is delicious, and the service was great. Even if you can't come here to eat you should come for at least a drink in their bar and also come right before night falls. Great views of the strip, mountains, and Vegas itself. I used a coupon bought on restaurants.com
5	Reading reviews of The Top of the World before I dined here, my biggest fear of this place was the price compared to the quality of the food as some people raved, some people boo'ed.  Yes, we all know the view is the selling point, but why pay quite a bit of money for crappy food?  Well, I'll get to the food, but I feel there's more to speak about to give a better picture of this place.   First off, by all means, I recommend getting there about 75 to 90 minutes or so before sunset to enjoy a bit for the 2 for 1 martinis and the cool, hip music during Happy Hour from 4pm - 7pm.  The hubby and I went to Las Vegas in late February (good time to go IMO), got to The Top at 4:15pm, enjoyed a couple of tasty Mango martinis at the lounge above the restaurant before our reservation at 4:45pm - sunset was at 5:30pm.  Come 4:57pm, our pager for our reservation had not buzzed yet, but that was okay...we figured let's try another 2 for 1 cocktail...this time, we went for the Chocolate martini and BOY was this good!!!!!  And right when we got the Chocolate martinis our pager rang...good timing!  So...we are led to our table by one of the hostesses, and our waiter, Bon, introduces himself.   Both the hostess and Bon were relaxed and unrushed.  We are stunned by the view.  Oh...and the restaurant moves, very slowly, about 80 minutes for one complete 360 degree revolution as mentioned in other reviews.  We found it difficult at times to review the menu and/or to concentrate on the conversation since the view is always changing.  You'll see helicopters flying around, the sunset behind the mountains, the cityscape below you light up as nighttime approaches, and most likely a few thrill seeking vacationers skydiving off the Top of the World (when you have the Las Vegas Blvd. in your view, that's when you see them).   There's also signs posted on the columns warning you when your table is in view of the jumpers...we were lucky enough to have one guy jumping off the plank just when we were under him...my heart beat faster for him, and the gasps of the other diners around you, even though they know it's going to happen, are quite fun.  So how's the food?  We went for the four course tasting menu (currently at this writing for $90).  For the first course, we both went for the lobster bisque.  It was a great choice (but an easy one...this vs. salad???  A no-brainer); very rich and creamy.  Be sure to stir a bit to get that blob of lobster meat mixed into the bisque before eating.  Stellar!  For course # 2, hubby went with the crab cakes which he liked, but I sure enjoyed that seared sea bream with Tamari Brown butter!  So tender, and a nice crunchy skin.  The butter really enhanced the dish.  Course # 3 and 4, there was no choice; the filet, which was perfectly cooked to our liking and melt in your mouth good.  The deserts?  A chocolate mousse and a lovely "flower" with blueberries and white chocolate in it (and the flower is edible, too).  Both were exquisite.  We were so impressed with the food!  A real nice treat considering it's pretty easy to assume one is paying for just the view in places like this.  Not to worry about that here.  Some other notes...Bon felt our courses were a bit rushed.   He originally told us that each course will come every 25 minutes.  This wasn't necessarily the case (but I honestly didn't mind all that much).  He told us to take our time and take in the view as much as we wanted before desert, and when we were ready for it, we could let him know.  Nice touch. When you're done for dinner, do yourself a favor and go up to the inside and outside observation decks.   You will get a good view of the skydivers jumping off on the inside deck, and those other fun looking thrill rides on the outside one.  And one last gander at those great views.  Well worth going to!  Having one of those Amex gift cards to soften the blow of the bill helps.  We're really glad we went.  We don't dine at pricey places often, but sometimes, a little luxury is necessary...especially when one is on vacation, and more so in the life of excess Vegas.Go ahead and treat yourself and feel like a superstar.  Not to be missed for a fun, novel and tasty dinner in Sin City!
1	Made reservations from Washington DC before going there with my friend.  We had three drinks and made the mistake of singing "its hammer time" while waiting to get seated.  As soon as we sat down the manager (who is a female) sent over waiter  who then told us we can eat but we need to chill on our drinks. Because according to the manager we were way too hammer to drink.  She stated you guys need some food first and funny thing was, we just had appetizers at the lounge.  Maybe she just didn't like MC Hammer!  I was talking straight, walking straight but still too drunk for them.  I think it was more like we looked too young for that old crowd. Left without eating and went to Wolfgang Puck's restaurant at Cesar's and got the best service and food ever.  So if you are young or look young,  save your self from this OLD ass place that's been at Vegas forever.
2	Great view with mediocre food. The service is hit or miss. Not much more to say about this place.
2	OKAY I should have trusted the rest of the reviews on Yelp about this place, all I can say is DON'T bother eating here.  Just go to the lounge for a drink and then leave.  The server was so rude, when we ordered an expensive bottle of wine, the server refilled our glasses and said "just like you remembered it" insinuating that we had never had ordered an expensive bottle of wine before, are you kidding ME.  No sequence of service or care what so ever about us.  I had the pork, boring and dry again nothing special.  This was our wedding night (we are 50 somethings, not 20 somethings) and really wanted something to remember, well unfortunately it will be remembered for poor food and what's even worse poor service.  Our server did not have a name tag nor bothered to introduce himself so I can't mention him by name unfortunately.  Again, believe the poor reviews and eat somewhere else, the view is simply not worth the lack of caring by every person that we met.
3	We decided to have dinner here mostly for the view. The view is absolutely amazing at night!The food was decent, but forgettable. I ordered the seared sea bream. Maybe next time I'd just take the elevator to the "observatory" or whatever it's called to see the view.
5	Jennifer, Grace and Glenn were spectacular! Wonderful food, but the staff really made it worth it.  We had the four course meal and the filet was cooked to perfection.  The view is really astounding... the mountains, the Strip, Fremont St. are all really neat to see from up high.  But, once again, it was the staff who really made the place shine for me!
3	Lunch today was a big disappointment!  I have been bringing Las Vegas guests here almost monthly and loved it!  Recently, their lunch menu changed which more than halved the selections and doubled their prices!  Ugh! Supposedly because of their "extensive" remodeling.  Didn't see evidence of any changes except on the bill!!  I won't be going back. Too bad because this was once one of our favorites.
4	The hotel and building really need to be remodeled. Nothing was noticeable from the dining table, but the carpet and walls were clearly aged all along the route one must take from valet to tower entrance. There is a brief security check before ascending the tower. They also say - and have a sign saying - business casual strictly enforced however while there were folks dressed up beyond business casual there were also people in jeans and athletic wear. The servers were all friendly and all the food we were served was good, if only a bit salty. There is a photographer who comes by and takes your picture several ways. She really did a brilliant job and I actually bought one of the $45 displays featuring one of our solo portraits and our pic together. 2 wallets with holder sold for something in the 20s. This restaurant does revolve and we got around about 1.5 times - and saw one sky jumper fly by our window during dinner. I actually do recommend this place. I know a lot of places that are iconic (e.g., have height or revolve) get lazy in making good food but this wasn't one of those places. From the looks of the area though and my brief experience in town this is not a section of the strip worth hanging out much in. Drive down here for dinner but then go back south on Las Vegas Blvd for more fun on the strip.
5	Definitely the best view of the Las Vegas Strip.  Enjoy a delicious meal with friends or your significant other at the Top of the World Restrarant and Lounge.  I loved the slowly rotating view while enjoying my steak dinner.  Food is a bit pricey but well worth it.  I was even convinced to buy the tourist picture with frame, just to not ruin the night.
5	My family and I have been coming to Las Vegas for over 18 years, and this is our absolute favorite restaurant in Las Vegas! We make sure that we eat here every time that we come to town.  We come for dinner about 6 o'clock to relax, enjoy the view, and order a wonderful, tasty, memorable meal.  My 88-year-old mother still says it's the best New York strip she's ever had in her entire life, and she has eaten many, many New York strips! My brother and I enjoy the lobster bisque, and a steak, usually a Filet. My husband doesn't get to go because strangely enough he doesn't like Vegas so I leave him home!! Too bad for him because he really does love the restaurant too. Another wonderful perk of eating in this great restaurant is being able to go up to the observation deck with no extra charge. To sum things up this is a fantastic restaurant with great waitstaff, a wonderful, charming & funny host, with food so good you'll talk about it for months
4	Superb food. A bit pricey but worth a visit. There are rides at the top, so it's better to go during day time!! Dessert was amazing!
3	Good steak, expensive, but good. Awesome view and a top 3 lobster bisque for all landlocked states
1	Fail! The food here is gross. First they brought out the wrong dishes and then our actual dishes, which were gross. Dirty dishes on the desert display, which we kept passing as we revolved around the restaurant, come on. I guess try the bar if you want to see the view. Glad I didn't bring our family here, bc they would have sent the food back. We just suffered through it. Nice view, bad food and C minus service.
5	Had lunch with my brother and sister here, we didn't have reservation but were seated shortly.Service was 5 stars-Even when we didn't look much, we were still taken care of with 5 star treatment. The waitress was very nice and didn't hold it against us that we were not in our Sunday's best.Food 4 1/2 stars-We ordered from the lunch menu, they had the 2 specials, my brother got the burger and sister went for the crab cakes. Both were great. I had the salad which was scrumptious too. We shared a petit four of desserts. Unbelievably moist chocolate cake, the other 3 were good too but I was too blown away by the chocolate cake that I can not imagine talking about them.  Ambiance 5 stars-Whilst you sit enjoying the food, the restaurant imperceptibly revolve, thus you are afforded a spectacular 360 view of Las Vegas. Every so often you witness some bad @$$ bungee jump off the side of the building. Talk about extreme!One of a kind experience and only in Vegas!
2	The view was definitely the best part of the meal.  Which is not to say the food is terrible, but it definitely isn't great.  I got the NY strip and my friend got the Ribeye.  We both ordered them medium rare but they came out more medium than medium rare.  Which wasn't terrible, but not what we ordered either and for 50 bucks a steak you should get it as you want it.  My Fiance got the Prawns, scallops and lobster and thought it was good but not great.  And my friend's wife got the center cut filet which she enjoyed.  All in all it wasn't a bad dining experience, just for the price I feel there are better restaurants on the strip.  But the view is amazing.
3	I took my girlfriend to Vegas to celebrate her graduation and chose Top of the World for the celebration dinner. However, our waiter treated us very bizarre. First he forgot our wine, which can happen from time to time and frankly was not a big deal. But when we asked him about the soup of the day, he replied with "I do not know, I think it is some kind of vegetable." Again, forgetting something after a long evening is understandable so we politely asked him to confirm what exactly it was. To his credit, he did. My girlfriend and I are extremely lactose intolerant and when the bread and butter was brought, he politely offered us olive oil and vinegar, which we accepted. However, when we brought it back, he went to us and I quote "you guys know how to mix this right?" Of course we know how to mix olive oil and vinegar but just to have been asked that question, especially at a restaurant like Top of the World, I was speechless. Also, the food took quite a long time and because of the disappointing service, we frankly were not confident that it was dairy free. We asked the person who brought the food, which confirmed it but after looking at the Brussels Sprouts, we did not feel confident they were dairy free and did not eat them. The food that we did eat was very good and I do want to point out that the bus boy, whose name I did not get was incredible and I wish I could of tipped him directly. I did ask to speak to the manager, who I did not get his name but relayed our concerns. The waiter than came back to talk to us and said it was "misunderstanding," which clearly it was not. We ordered wine and did not receive it, we received horrible service and then we were offered free dessert. A very kind offer, except being lactose intolerant, neither of us can eat it. So after all of this, we paid full price. Now the money is not the concern. I know the prices at Top of the World and was happily expecting to pay what I did, but I expected top-notch service, which I did not receive. In closing, as someone who visits Vegas on a consistent basis, I am having real reservations about ever coming back to Top of the World and also having second thoughts about referring it as well.I truly hope the service improves because at its best, Top of the World is one of the best restaurants in Vegas.
5	My wife and I went for our 20th wedding anniversary. This was our first time going. AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We will go again!
4	So the food costs twice as much as it should - it's good but not great - but the reason for coming here is the view. I've been twice now, and was just as impressed as I was the first time. It's spectacular! Really breathtaking, and it will guarantee you'll have a memorable visit.Pleasantly surprised that the menu identifies gluten free options, and they have a great wine selection too.As well as the restaurant on 106, they have a bar on 107 (happy hour means half price cocktails from 4pm to 7pm daily). The bar doesn't revolve, but you still get a good view, so if you're on a budget, go for a drink, or you could come up for lunch instead.BTW, on floor 112 you can get outside for the viewing gallery, where you can walk around the outside of the tower, as well as watch the nutters doing the rides. But it's $18 for a ticket just get up here, so you might as well go to the bar instead, get a couple of happy hour drinks then once inside you can take the internal elevators up to the viewing gallery.
4	Most of what you are paying for is the view, but the food and service were excellent. Very attentive and kind staff. Food and drinks were really awesome - we had steaks and a variety of veggies. In my opinion, a steak shouldn't cost $56, but when you would ordinarily have to pay $20 just to ride the elevator for viewing, you may as well get a steak too! View is superb and a great experience, especially for someone who was new to vegas!
4	Top The World was a beautiful experience! The city view of Las Vegas is a dream and it's so cool while you are dining the restaurant rotates 360 degrees so you get to see the city from different angles. Our waiter Dan D. was super nice and very attentive. The reason I am giving this place a four stars is because the food isn't that great. I ordered the Mexican prawns and scallops and they were kind of blend and salty, not to mention very pricey! but I guess you get charged for the experience and not so much for the food.
4	I have eaten here with my wife and her family a few times when we have travelled to Vegas together, and it is definitely a place I see myself going back to during future trips to Vegas.FOOD: the food here is really nice, albeit very pricy (in fact so much so that it's really this alone that keeps my review at 4 stars instead of 5; if you're gonna charge $60 for a steak, fine, but it better be the best damn steak I've ever had, which this isn't.  It's very good, but it doesn't earn the price that they charge for it.).  I usually get a Filet Mignon or some sort of steak, along with a side of either mashed potatoes or asparagus or something like that, but I have tasted several things off the menu off of other people's plate.  The beef carpaccio is one of the best I have ever had, and if I remember correctly, there is a particularly nice Caesar Salad on the menu.SERVICE: the service here is always top notch.  Again, I've been there maybe three or four times, and I've always had great waiters and waitresses here.  They are always very knowledgeable about the menu and happy to answer any questions I might have.  My water glass is never empty, and I've never had to wait an unreasonable amount of time for a food or drink order here.  In addition, I one time ordered a dish (I don't remember what it was), that had onions in it, which I did not know when I ordered it (I hate onions; not an allergy, just a strong aversion).  I mentioned this to our waiter, who immediately offered to bring me an entirely new dish off the menu.VIEW: it goes without saying that the view at Top of the World Restaurant is one of the best views I have had in my entire life. You are 100+ stories up in the air, and on top of that, the restaurant is continuously rotating, so by the end of the meal, you have literally seen a view of all of Las Vegas. An absolutely breathtaking view, perfect for any occasion, romatic or otherwise.I definitely reccomend this place, just keep in mind you will be spending quite a bit to eat here.
4	So I took my wife for our anniversary and I was pleasantly surprised. The service was among the best I have ever had and the overall experience was a great one.  The food is definitely overpriced and is decent but not great. The view of the Vegas city from above kind of makes up for that. This is a really romantic place especially if you go later in the evening during sunset time. I would recommend this place mainly because of the atmosphere, great service, and the view but not because of the food.
5	Despite the fact that this restaurant is located in the somewhat churlish Stratosphere Hotel.....it's an absolute find. Don't mind the walk through the low stakes gambling tables and Midwestern flip flops because this restaurant is definitely a special place for a special occasion. The views are mouth dropping and you'll gasp as sky-diving derelicts jump past your window. The city lights are ever changing as the restaurant completes a 360 degree spin at 1200 feet. And all of this while eating the best filets ever (literally melts in your mouth). The servers were very attentive and the staff was professional and pleasant. But make sure you bring your Platinum AMEX because between a few drinks, two filets and a couple of side dishes, the bar and table bill came in at $350 with tip. But as far as I am concerned...it was well worth it. Definitely a night to remember
2	the view is spectacular, not so much about the food! i ordered sea food scallops lobster shrimps and the lobster was completely over salted! i've had like 3 glasses of water with that meal! very expensive and not worth it!
5	Happy hour 4-7 two for one, make reservation at sunset and go a little early 1 floor above is the lounge. Go to happy hour enjoy view then go to dinner 1 floor below..... Great time loved it!
3	This place is really romantic. The view and the rotation is perfect.... I suffer from extreme motion sickness, and this place was just fine for me...The food really isn't anything super amazing...Mediocre, really not worth the price we paid, a dinner for two was $200 something... I thought my summer mint margarita was worth it though.
4	The more sophisticated "roller coaster" of the Stratosphere Hotel. And I say this because the restaurant spins around the hotel at the top, giving you a 360 degree view of the city.VENUE: We were escorted via elevator to the very top of the hotel. We stepped out, and were greeted and immediately sat at a table for two by the windows. As the circumference of the restaurant is ceiling-to-floor glass, and because it was 1PM in the afternoon, natural light just streamed in all around us. It was super bright yet, quiet and intimate. Not too many tables at 1PM (on the 4th of July, no less), which meant 2-3 people were coming by to check on us and make sure we were comfortable. Also as the restaurant spins around, you get a view of the people who are doing the bungee jump off the hotel. Fun to watch and it didn't take away from the air of sophistication at all. FOOD/DRINK:Oh my heavens. If you decide to drink and enjoy sweet alcoholic beverages, please please please try the "Razz-jito." I ordered this per recommendation of our server, and it was FANTASTIC. Super delicious. My boyfriend ordered the "Mango Madness" and it was super strong (for me). I tasted more alcohol than anything and did not ask for a second sip.We ordered off the lunch menu. We started with the Lobster Bisque. It was solid you can't really go wrong with this soupd.I got the Mediterranean Salad with Lamb. The Lamb was huge and salad portions were huge as well. Pretty standard lamb choice but nothing to go through the roof about. Salad was fresh and came with fried onions on top (myfavorite).The bf ordered the Seafood Sandwich - a seemingly good choice. He stated that he liked everything IN the sandwich but to have it combined in that way was not favorable. However, the sandwich was pretty big and came with these really neat looking potato chips. Food was okay, maybe we just weren't ordering the right stuff.SERVICE:As stated in the first paragraph, service was awesome.  Overall the view and service compensated for our food.
2	Overpriced. The food was not good. Dry potatoes, bland salad. The rotating dining area made me and some of my friends feel motion sick. Cheesy atmosphere which is to be expected in that location, but they could have made up for it with excellent food, especially for the price. Definitely wouldn't go back.
5	"Absolute Perfect Dining!"Both my husband and I ate at this restaurant on the fourth of July and were amazed at the views and all the firework displays all over Las Vegas. What a spectacular view this restaurant provided. The food, ambiance and service were superb. If you want to try something fun for dessert, try the three scoops of sorbet (raspberry, mango and orange) with mint and crystalized sugar. What a treat! Make sure you share this dessert as it is very large. In fact, everything they serve is large so make sure you have an appetite. We enjoyed ourselves and will definitely return. Visited July 2013
2	The view is nice.  Food was terrible.  When we called they made a point to tell us there was a dress code, so we dressed for the occasion.  The bar above us had locals in concert t-shirts and flip flops hanging over the railing above us.  $200 for dinner and the food was really bad.  Not worth the price or the effort getting dressed up.
5	My wife and I celebrated our wedding anniversary with a romantic dinner at this restaurant. I was skeptical because the Stratosphere is one of the older hotels on the strip and I didn't believe that they had a restaurant as nice as this. I was blown away by the ambience, the magnificent views and the awesome service. The lobster bisque is the best that I have ever had and the crab cakes and filet mignon were just as delicious. If you are as skeptical ad I was then I hope this review changes your mind. I am looking forward to dining there when I return to Vegas.
5	My husband surprised me for our first anniversary dinner here, and experienced best restaurant of my life. The view was breathtaking. At the time of booking my husband made a note of special occasion and they provided best service and table in the restaurant. We had all vegetarian food and to my surprise, the food was really amazing. the dessert we ordered came with a little candle and it made our day very special. Definitely recommend this place for any occasion.
5	This restaurant has a stunning view of Las Vegas, and makes a full rotation in about an hour, so every spot has an amazing view.  The sections are numbered, which is helpful to find your table if you leave to wash your hands or whatnot.  The rotation of the restaurant is slow so don't worry about getting sick or dizzy. I've been in rotating restaurants before that spun too fast, which isn't fun when you're trying to enjoy a good meal.We started our meal with the market greens salad:  tomatoes, fennel, roasted beets, with balsamic vinaigrette on top.  The salad is held together with thick strips of fresh, crunchy cucumber.  Delicious.For dinner I had the Large Mexican Prawns, New England Scallops & Lobster a la Plancha with roasted cauliflower salad with red bell pepper, golden raisins and capers, Moorish tomato sauce and chive oil.  I had never had Lobster a la plancha before, and this was simply amazing.My husband ordered the Fettuccine Seafood Alfredo with Lobster, Prawns & Scallops with artisanal pasta, teardrop tomatoes, Parmesan Reggiano, garlic, parsley and basil.  The alfredo sauce wasn't too heavy which is nice and flavorful.For dessert, everything looked amazing but we finally chose the lemon cheesecake with white chocolate shavings.  Tarty and thick, this cheesecake was amazing.This restaurant is perfect for a romantic dinner to celebrate a special occasion.  Business casual attire is required, so don't try to come here in flip flops and shorts.  I would also recommend getting a reservation so you can guarantee you'll get a spot by the window.
1	The waiter is very cold, may be too tired?they charge you a split fee $15 without telling you in advance, when you find out, they will then show you on the menu with very tiny small words.They recommended you the best selection is the Surf & Turf, but the lobster is very dry and tough, fillet mignon is dry too! It's very strange, because I went there few years ago, the Rib-eye is very tender juicy before, may be they change the chef, or the famous chef didn't cook anymore....it was a big disappointment for us.surf & turf $79 didn't worth it.the revolving tower provides good view.
3	Server not up to par, as he couldn't answer questions on items in the menu. The steak I ordered was good, but soup was luke warm, and my wife's fish plate was too salty.  I expect better for their price point.  The view of LV is great though.  Will I go back for the food?  Probably not.  But I may go back to the lounge on another floor for a drink and the view.
5	View: magnificent (I think I saw my house way in the distance).Service: Host was witty & charming. Both waitresses were friendly with a smile and were readily available. Assistant always refilled water.Food: Very good. Not quite the best filet I've had but it was tasty.Ambience: I'm not sure how romantic it can get b/c the bar is right above the dining room. During the rotation, we were stuck listening to a rowdy bunch for about 15 minutes; but then it went away.
5	Vegas is pricey these days...and every celeb chef and their uncle has opened a sooooooper-high-end restaurant in Sin City to capitalize on the wannabe-foodie trends.Most of these places are in windowless casinos, or worse, underground in the bowels of echoey mega-malls along the strip.  If you're going to pay $50 for an entree, don't you at least want a view???Yes, you do.  And this is precisely why you want to reserve a table at sunset at the Top of the World Restaurant.  Trust me, it's worth it.  The service is superb, the diningroom isn't uber-crowded or loud, and the waiters hop around the spectacular moving dining floor like ballet dancers!  Your water glass will never fall empty, your dinner won't take forever to exit the kitchen, and if you are a glutton (of COURSE you are, you came to Vegas, didn't you?!!), this is a great place to indulge!Nothing on the menu is visionary.  If you're looking for molecular gastronomy, far-flung ingredients you've never heard of, or deconstructed dishes with fifty ingredients that all together amount to two whole bites of food, you've come to the wrong place.You come here for the view, and a perfectly cooked steak.And while you're at it, try the Lobster Bisque.  It's exquisite.  I promise!I ordered the Turf and Quack:  A sublimely seared hunk of foie gras perching next to a like-buttah rare filet, complimented by a divinely tender duck breast.  There are sauces on each of these, and they are all tasty.  But even if you ordered this dish without sauce, it wouldn't matter:  the quality of ingredients plus the perfection with which they are cooked is enough to make a girl swoon!  Rumor has it there were some carbs on that plate, too, but for the life of me, I couldn't tell you what they were, because I was so busy moaning over each buttery bite of duck, foie, or filet!Oh, yes, the floor moves......very.........sloooooooooooowwwwwly.  Don't worry, unless you are particularly sensitive, this won't make you queasy, and in fact, since it takes almost an hour to do a 365 degree rotation.  You will be warned by your server not to freak out if you see someone sky-diving by during dinner...this is Vegas, what would your vacation be without vicariously enjoying a flying Elvis or three?!Next time I'm in Vegas, this is at the top of my dining to-do list...After all, I can't imagine a better way to spend a Sin City sunset than dining on a delicious dish and whiling away the hours at the Top of the World...!
5	Good food and best view.
4	I had a great time at Top of the World in Las  Vegas tonight.  The view is spectacular and my husband is always good company for me.  You truly do get a 360 degree view of the city.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  Not all are as bubbly as they could or maybe should be (first greeter at the desk take note!).  So I gave them 1 star for first impressions (my star rating is cumulative...so you can earn up to 5 stars but you also lose stars as the meal progresses)The decor is old and needs refreshing but the view is all that matters.  They earn a star for the 360 degree view. (If you tend to be at all queasy with motion sickness this is not the spot for you!)The food is pricy but what you would expect at a highly rated restaurant (Zagat 23 out of 30 for food; voted LV best restaurant consistently, average 4.5 rating on TripAdvisor, Yelp, UrbanSpoon). Yes, I do my homework before I commit to a dinner that potentially could cost over $200.  The ala carte side dish offerings are adequate, but the chicken (1 option) and seafood choices (4 options) were limited in my opinion. Still they earned a star for having enough variety that we both found something easily.We started off with soup.  While we waited the waiter brought a basket of warm bread that was very good.  We enjoyed the view and took some pictures, but after quite some time my husband asked whether they had to go out to get the lobster for my soup, it was taking so long.  About that time the waiter realized our soup had not come out and immediately brought it to our tables with appropriate apologies.  Oops lost a star for that one.OMG the Lobster Bisque is wonderful.  Some of the best I have ever had.  My husband had the SOTD which was a Vegetable Soup (can't remember the ingredients but it was made with pesto and a grain). Very good also. Add another star.I ordered: Roasted "Loch Etive" Scottish Salmon with Thai Jungle Curry Foam* for $42 (description says "from the deep Scottish water sea inlet named "Etive," high in Omega 3. Kelp noodle salad with Asian vinaigrette, peas and wild blueberries).  The Salmon was grilled perfectly, flakey, moist and seasoned just enough.  I couldn't really discern the spices in the Thai Jungle Curry Foam, but the kelp noodle salad and dressing was tasty.  BUT the ENGLISH PEAS were RAW.  Yes, RAW.  Read that hard, dry and not cooked at all.I tried to mash one with my fork and could not.  I commented to my waiter and he brought a plate to ask me to send a couple to the kitchen for the Chef.  He also tried to squeeze one and it did not give.  A young man from the kitchen came out and apologized and said he would check with the Chef about the intent of the peas. I hoped that he did not INTEND for them to be raw.  When the young man returned he informed me that the Chef prepared the peas this way to give them crunch.  I don't like mushy peas and I do like them crispy and I know my peas and these were not "crispy" they were hard and inedible.  I don't know why but that's the truth. My husband had the "California Mary's Farm Free Range Chicken Breast with Lemon Herb" for $44 (included Gnocchi with arugula pesto, English peas, roasted tomato and chicken jus) and the chicken was just DELICIOUS, but guess what! The peas in his dish were also RAW. Minus a star for the peas, but you get it back for the rest of the meal so its a wash.The manager took off the cost of our Haricot Verts with Roasted Tomatoes (also very good) and so they won a star back .  Overall my rating is 4 stars.  I will go back but won't make it a "must" on my next visit.
5	Excellent experience.  Food, Service and the view.  It was just what I hoped it would be.  This is not a cheap meal, but it was worth it.  I had a 5:30 reservation, and wanted a slow meal so my wife and I could enjoy the sunset.  The staff had no problem with us sitting at the table for close to 3 hours.   I would go back for a great meal, in a relaxed atmosphere.
5	I always passed on eating here. Opting instead for happy hour at the bar and dinner elsewhere. But boy was I missing out. Dinner here is just fabulous and a must-do Vegas experience. Yes, it's touristy and cheesy in some ways (i.e. the folks wandering around selling flowers and photos). But it's also insanely beautiful and tasty. I love love LOVE the view from the Stratosphere. And the ability to sit and dine as you slowly revolve and soak up a 360 view of the Vegas Valley is awesome. So totally awesome. Do it, it's awesome. Way awesome. And if you time right, you can dine and watch the sunset and the lights come on. We literally sat at our table for two or so hours. And no one minded or rushed us one bit. It was fabulous.And the food was way better than I was expecting. It's wasn't new or innovative. But it was classic and completely delicious. My steak was perfection and the bernaise sauce had me in heaven. Everything we ate was fantastic.The wine and cocktail lists are great. A good assortment of wines by the glass to choose from.Our server was fabulous from start to finish. We were well taken care of and never rushed.Dining here is a nice, classic experience with the best view in Vegas. And a fabulous romantic meal was thoroughly enjoyed here by me.
1	First off, I am so sad to be leaving this review.****Tried reaching out the them VIA FACEBOOK, and they deleted my comment (multiple times) .They also blocked me on the page so I couldn't "like" or comment on anything they posted. My husband and I were here two years ago, for a "just cause", and that was our reason last night (saturday, aug 24, 2013). A member of the staff walks around, and goes from table to table, and asks "what are you celebrating?"Uh. Nothing, we just came to have dinner.... Does it have to be a "special occasion" to eat here? Jeez.Lou A. Is the nicest server ! She was attentive, and between her and her busser "team" we only were low on water/essentials once. I started a drink order of a "summer mint margarita" $(14)- Hornitos Reposado Tequila, cointreau, sweet&sour, Fresh mint & lime... My husband had a stella (bottled) and a shot of gold tequila. My margarita was pretty strong, and I took my time to finish it.. because I was getting...... loopy.For appetizers, my husband ordered the Iceberg Wedge with Nueske's Bacon & oven roasted tomato ($13)-White whine Dijon vinaigrette, Maytag Blue cheese and chopped chives.I had the beef carpaccio (forgive my spelling), with white truffle oil and crispy capers.Both of our appetizers were so delicious, we couldn't wait for more. Me, feeling my margarita, reached for more bread, and that's when we ran into a problem. As shown in the picture, there was this long, straight black hair, BAKED INTO THE ROLL. Thank God I was tearing it, and eating it in pieces, or else I would have vomited.I was trying to not make a scene, and flagged down someone who told me he would get the manager.... Waiting... Waiting... The manager goes to the wrong table and then gets to us. I tell him, and show him the hair...  He then inspects it, and asks if I would like more bread (uh, heck no) or if he could clear the bread...YES PLEASE.I ordered the Colorado rack of lamb with Morcoccan Flavors Seasonal chutney, tomato puree, quinoa tabbouleh, demi glace and minted greek yogurt. I ordered a side of Au Gratin potatoes (extra $10)Husband ordered the surf and turf, with rib-eye and crab legs...  I'll post pictures of our receipt. We both loved our meals. LOVED THEM. LOVED LOVED LOVED. My lamb was a little salty, and I didn't quite like the chutney, and the yogurt didn't go with the lamb... but it was the best lamb I had ever had, and the quinoa was, delicious, how quinoa should be. The au gratin, though, looked bad on the plate. Like someone had just slapped it on there. It was suppose to be "4 cheese", but all I tasted was one flavor. There wasn't that crunchy top to the potatoes either.For dessert, I ordered a chocolate duo, with came with pudding and fruit, and my husband ordered a scoop of raspberry sorbet. Yummy, but the sorbet was especially sugary.Now, the part I've been waiting to see. Don't get me wrong... I don't look for comps normally, I don't complain for bad service, and rarely complain about food / drink. But a hair, is so disgusting. Not a single discount.... not our drinks, not our $8 dollar dessert... Nothing. Almost like it was my fault for finding the "oops" roll. It was a great dinner, and we had fantastic service... But this was a true disappointment. I even feel bad for saying that I thought we should have some compensation... but it is something that I feel strongly about. I wasn't just complaining because I had nothing better to do.Spend two hundred dollars on dinner, and have some hairy rolls.....
5	my friend and I went here for lunch and it was superb! The Food was HIGHLY fresh, and I cant say enough about the dessert. JUST WOW! I loved how the platform slowly turned so you can see the whole city while you ate. You must try this place if you go!
5	No needs words!  Romantic. I used a coupon, that made it into good deal.
4	Service? CheckView? Double CheckFood? CheckSince its at the top of the Stratosphere, obviously there will be elevators specifically for the restaurant. The service begins in the elevator with a friendly elevator man, and once the doors open, the feel of the restaurant is luxurious. All the employees are smiling, and they greet you as you are guided to your table. This restaurant rotates 360 degrees in an hour so you don't miss anything (assuming you will be eating for at least an hour.) Water is always filled, and the waitress is there for anything you may need throughout your meal. Plus dining with the view of Vegas? Amazing.The food is great. Ordered duck breast and sea bass (my fav!). You can taste the quality of the dish and its not too salty (thank goodness). The reason why I gave 4 stars is because its a hefty price for the amount of food you get. Fancy places are usually smaller proportions and pricey, but this place wasn't filling enough for the price. I personally was full because I scarfed down 2 pieces of complimentary bread  before even getting our entrees, but my family wasn't satisfied with how full they were. Everything else was great though! I highly recommend this place for a nice date, or a fancy family dinner.
5	Here's how to make the best of this really unique property. Call a day before and make a lunch reservation, business casual. That gets you past security and straight to an elevator that whisks you up to the revolving restaurant (turns every 90 minutes) and you just saved the $18 fee to get to the observation decks. Lunches are $30-40 and this is a VERY good net $12-22 lunch imo. (Dinner menu is the same).Never hurts to miss peak times. We went at 2:30 and received fantastic service, front seating in the outer windows and the best double lambchops I have had this year that came with an interesting curry quinoa, we took half home. My partner had what was essentially marinated steak on a veggie hash that was just as tasty as my chops, wonderful bread basket too. Bottomless iced tea, best view in Vegas.Surprisingly good food.Watch the weather if you want to do any of the rides as if there is too much wind or lighting they will cancel the rides AND the outside deck until clear.REALLY worth visiting if you like lunch with a VIEW!
5	Been here a lot of time for dinner but this was the first time for lunch. We brought our 3 year old daughter and they treated her so well. She loved it and as always we loved it. Food was excellent although I still miss the chocolate stratosphere dessert :,( Service was wonderful and it was perfect!
3	Returned to ToW for lunch after a few years' absence. We love the view and as always, had great service.  The food never disappoints.  Husband had a wonderful burger (cheese, beef and shredded short rib meat!!! - yummo).  Not being that hungry, I ordered a small green salad - (hold the beets): about $12.  I asked that they add some grilled shrimp, just to make it more interesting.  Four (4) large shrimp surrounded my salad greens -- very tasty and just the right amount for me.  Then the bill arrived.  Salad:  $35.00.  Are you kidding me???? $22.00 for four shrimp???    Where did they have to go to get them?   I can overlook overcharging for wine at $12 - $16 a glass - but come on: $ 5.50 for one shrimp????
1	What a colossal let down this place was. From beginning to end. My boyfriend proposed just prior to dinner here, so it really wasn't going to take a lot to impress me. I was so far on cloud 9 that literally everything would have to go wrong for me to hate this place.  Short version: don't waste your time or money.  I did my research before choosing eat here, so I knew what to expect. A great view with mediocre food. I knew we were paying for the view.  My fiance (that's weird!) booked a reservation through Open Table and followed up with emails to Top of the World staff to confirm a window seat for dinner. All was set... Except when we got there we did not have a window seat. Not a huge deal, but when I have already accepted I might be sacrificing food quality for ambiance, I want the unobstructed view! They quoted us 20 minutes to get a window seat, so we killed time in the bar upstairs where we were promptly ignored. 20 minutes turned into 50 minutes. I get that's not their fault. But, had they not messed up in the first place this wouldn't have happened. We had reservations after dinner so their mess up put up back one hour and we had  to rush through dinner.  If they had been more honest with their quote time, we wouldn't have waited.  Who wants to spend over $250 on dinner and rush through it?We finally sit down for dinner and both order the $70 steaks, medium well. For $70...it should come out as requested. Mine was rare. So obviously rare to anyone who even looked at it. I sent it back and knew it would come back like leather, which it did. So disappointing. At that point not even a view of the strip could salvage the meal. Definitely not going back, and would only recommend this place if you actually enjoy throwing your money away.
5	My boyfriend made reservations here for my birthday dinner. The view was amazing (at night)  and the food was delicious. We both ordered the surf and turf my lobster was so good and my steak so tender and moist . My boyfriend who usually doesn't like his steaks medium rare ended up finishing my plate!  he said and I quote " best steak hes ever had" we came at night and the vibe was romantic.
5	Nothing like fine dining in Las Vegas and what better than to have dinner in the highest structure on the strip. The elevator ride to the top of the tower is free if you have a meal at Top of the World. You are free to roam the observation deck once you are done with your meal.The food here was excellent. Along with the view and the dimly lit setting, this place is very romantic and quite the place to visit if you are trying to impress someone.The menu when I visited was different that it was now. When I dined here, the menu had a three course tasting featuring chateubriand for two. We started the meal with lobster bisque. The soup was tasty and full of lobster flavor. The chateubriand was carved tableside and was cooked to perfection. We finished the meal with a chocolate tower resembling the Stratosphere tower.Service was spot on with our food coming out as soon as the previous dish was completed.
5	A bit pricey but we did not mind paying for the view, the experience, and the gourmet lunch. This place is a necessary stop for Vegas visitors. Dress decent for lunch, and business casual for dinner. Great place!
4	Love the view. Lobster bisque and lobster grilled cheese were both good as was the steak. The dessert trio was the high light very nice presentation. The view and service is what earned top of the world a 4 star rating. Over all a nice lunch, but there are so many better restaurants in Vegas and it's only a few times a year I visit so I'm glad I was able to experience this place, but probably will not be back.
5	The husband and I had dinner here the first night we were in town. He told me the ambiance would be amazing with the Vegas skyline and subtle rotation. Usually restaurants that have a gimmicky atmosphere have subpar food. Oh boy did the food here blow other restaurants out of the water! We ordered the rack of lamb and one 4 course meal to share.The staff was friendly and attentive. They gave us recommendations on what to order and advised perfectly. We started with bread, which was AMAZING! It was fresh and came with 3 flavored butters. The orange one was my favorite! Lobster Bisque - oh so tasty and filled with lobster. Waiter served it table side to show how much lobster is actually in the bisque.Branzino - perfectly seared and delicious!Steak - perfectly cooked as we asked and tasty, but the rack of lamb seriously outshined this.Rack of Lamb - absolutely orgasmic!!!! I started with this while the hubs ate the steak so we could switch off and I told him I needed to finish with this. The mint sauce was great and we each had 2 pieces. A very generous portion.Dessert that came with the 4 course meal was good, but seriously that rack of lamb. Mmmmmm!At one point during dinner you rotate to where bungee jumpers are falling from above (keep in mind we are on the 107th(?) floor). It's pretty entertaining.We went out to the observation deck after dinner and it was a great way to end the night. Worth every penny. Wonderful service, atmosphere and food!
5	Our aniversary, 22years! Food is a big part of our lives, so trying this was a must! First, the table was perfect right next to the window, unobstructed view as we twirled, our service also excellent, and the food was so good!We got the four course tasting menu but got two extra apps. The big seafood trio with crab, colossal shrimps, and tuna tartar. Very good, we also got pork belly very tender. Our tasting menu, we got the lobster bisque, fish, filet and desert trio. Overall, very romatic, good food and great views!
5	I can't believe we have never been up here!We have visited Vegas at least once a year since getting married 13 years ago. This was our first time and it was a wonderful experience. It takes 80 mins for a full rotation and we went around twice! Time flys when you're having a good time!The food was delicious. I started with the caprese, it was so fresh! I had the ribeye, and got the horseradish on the side. My husband ordered the filet. They were both well prepared. Not dry at all. Dessert was bananas foster. To see and taste is to believe!Our servers Sheila and Jaynar were so attentive and made this the BEST date night ever!
5	So it's been some years since I've visited this amazing restaurant, I've gone twice and the first most memorable time was with my Dad and Stepmom for my 21st birthday.It was let's just say about 8 years ago, and leave it at that! ha haWe had an amazing dinner, it was at night and as it slowly moved we got an AMAZING view of the Las Vegas lights. We ordered a wonderful bottle of wine, it was sweet and fruity in a great way, It was so good I still talk about it to this day. I finished it off by myself and it was suggested to us, he also mentioned that it's not sold in many places in the U.S so I haven't even tried looking for it on my own. But most importantly for a great special occasion, a birthday, and anniversary or just a nice night out to end a vacation visit.. You should at least try it out once. A little pricy but SOOOOOOO worth it. It's all about the memories right???
2	Second time to restaurant.  First was very enjoyable with the best views Vegas has to offer.  This time, the views still incredible. Food, not so much. Ordered the rib eye, medium.  The steak was bland with no flavor.  Truly ate maybe three bites. Oddly, waiter never asked if any of us at our table enjoyed the meal or not.  Wasn't looking for anything other than a great meal. Would of thought some steak sauce or something to add to the steak would of been nice to suggest. Others at table agreed, bland food overall.  Still, views are enjoyable.  Just need help in kicking it up a little and adding a touch of care from the customer service point of view.  With that being said, I'll check it off of my list, noting the incredible views, and move on to the many other restaurants as I don't believe I'd return.
5	I've dined here three times before and with each time it's always been a pleasure to have a relaxing meal with such spectacular views.The service is perfect, they have you go through a detector before taking you up to the restaurant, and the staff is always all smiles. I recommend making a reservation before going. If there is a wait, you could chill at their lounge and they'll call you when your table is ready. Once you are about to be seated, they lead you to your table which is set on a rotating floor that slowly moves around the top of the Stratosphere. You can't really feel yourself moving once youre seated, but every so often you will see a different view of Las Vegas. Sometimes if you're lucky, you'll see people jumping off the side from Stratosphere's Skyjump attraction.The last time I came I had decided to bring my family and my dad and ex were both wearing shirts which wasn't allowed so they had them wear a weird shade of orange, oversized dress shirt over it which was pretty funny. So unless you want to be mismatched and standing out, I suggest you suit up! Or dress somewhat nice.I've tried their Crab Cakes, Ribeye, Rack of Lamb, and Salmon which all tasted delightful to me. The horseradish addition to the Ribeye was such a wonderful combination. The juicyness of the steak blended so well with the slight pungent and distinct taste of horseradish which really made my tastebuds jump for joy. The salmon was not dry at all and was very soft and tender. I love lamb and although they are typically small portions, the sauce they put on top was extremely enjoyable. Most of all, their wide assortment of bread was one of my favorite parts of dinner. I think their pricing is somewhat agreeable and fair for the food and views you get. You're pretty much paying for the experience and views and I mean it is Vegas after all.Overall, this place is a great spot to go on a date whether it's for something special, or something casual. The food, service, and views are all on point and you will not be disappointed!
4	Overall it was a great experience - overlooking the strip, the view is really nice. The cool thing is that you can see people jump off the stratosphere.. it almost got me do it too :)Being vegetarian, there was not much choice for me - I got the Grilled Vegetable Napoleon & Portobello, which was nice.Allow for a good hour and half at least for dinner, they want you to take a whole round therefore the service is slow......
3	First time in Vegas. Ambiance was great at this restaurant however there was much more to be desired. The foods was just below par, in comparison to the price. I don't mind paying $56 for a steak but I would have loved to taste a $56 steak too. Outback has presented me with much more quality and taste. Payment to satisfaction ratio was definitely not met...nice vibe but food could be better.
1	There is no view worth the price of the drinks, the rudeness of the service, and the purgatory-like experience of trying to get in/out of the place on the overwhelmed elevator system.Pick a tall hotel, take an elevator up as far as you can, look out a hallway window. Done.
4	The view here is excellent and would be worth eating McDonalds if that's what was served.  Surprisingly great food that stands on it's own, regardless of the view.An ample steak-house like menu, but some great gourmet upgrades.  The Foie Gras appetizer leaves you wanting to order a second dish.  The lobster bisque is a meaty and hearty bowl, poured tableside.The steak is grilled and a great marbled cut, while the chicken breast was moist with a crispy skin and an amazing sauce.While you eat, the entire restaurant slowly rotates, taking about an hour to make a full rotation.  You'll be sure to see the skydivers jumping from the roof right past your window at some point of the tour.A little bit pricey but considering it's vegas and you're floating up above the entire city, the meal is not a bad value.
3	You are definitely paying for the view when you eat here. I went with a party of 12, and amongst both meat and fish orderers alike, we felt that while the food was good, it wasn't worth the price in terms of taste/quality. I had the Branzino, and had much better branzino for half the price recently. The Foie Gras was strangly mushy and falls apart to touch. The asparagus side was good. You pass through a security scanner before taking the elevator up. The restaurant takes about 60-90 minutes to make a full turn, which in combination with the crazy slow service allows you to enjoy the entire view during your meal. The dining experience is not for the easily  motion sick, like myself. While the rotation is very slow and mostly smooth, the movement of the view made me a bit queasy. Moreover the lights don't move with the restaurant, so your lighting is constantly changing, at times dim, at other times blinding. It is definitely a unique Vegas experience though.
5	Such a great place to celebrate. I had my  23rd anniversary here with friends and family. Such a beautiful view.
3	Food was mediocre, but the view was breathtaking. Occasionally you will see people doing bungee jumping. The restaurant rotates, so some might feel the motion sickness. I ordered the lobster bisque and it was really salty, but the foie gras and crab cake was pretty tasty. The entrees are really filling, and nothing much special. But for the price, $200 for 2. There are better restaurants out there. The waiter are also not attentive. It took them forever to come to place our order and they hardly check up on you after ordering. I recommend this restaurant for people who wants to bring their family, but not on a date because although the view is breathtaking, the service and food us mediocre. They also offer photo taking, and it is charged pretty expensive. Oh yeah, 1 more thing, since the restaurant rotates, the lighting of the restaurant also changes. So sometimes you'll be eating under bright light and sometimes it's pretty dim.
5	The food is very good here. The service is top notch, and you can't beat the view. I look forward to going back. My husband ordered the lamb chops which were perfectly cooked, tender and tasty. I ordered the seafood fettuccini which I enjoyed, but the best things we ate were the pork belly and  Brussels sprouts appetizer and the foi gras app...yum yum.
5	You won't find a better restaurant in Vegas at any price. Fresh, top quality ingredients prepared so skillfully that you can taste the quality of each separately. Exquisite sauces on perfect meats and vegetables. The view is just a bonus.The package with the Frankie Moreno show makes it the best night out I've had here in years. The reasonable price is just a bonus.No, I don't work for either place and live, though I visit often, thousands of miles away.
2	$$ makes the world and this restaurant go round.During an impromptu Vegas trip, I made resos for this popular place. Being from Chicago, I love all things tall and a chance to get breath-taking view is always at the top of my list. We had been drinking a little before, as everyone does in Vegas. We were running a little late for our reso but when I called to notify, they seemed cool. We walk through the airport-type security and my buzzed self thinks i'm going to meet a celebrity with all these precautionary measures. Who's up there, Jay-Z?We get to the pretty empty restaurant and it's very cool and unique, as everyone's mentioned, it spins! We are immediately greeted and given the specials by our waiter which is the sole reason I'm giving this place 2 stars. Granted, it was cool seeing people bun-jee off the building and the sunset was taking place around the time of our meal, but spinning in circles made me a little whoozy when I realized it. Looking around at other patrons, I notice two extremes, there's groups of retirees and high school prom dates. Was I in the twilight zone? Or did I just make a bad reso? I try to carry on without thinking much of it.We ordered a bottle of cab sav. Sure, it wasn't the most expensive, but it was freaking horrendous. Fiancee at the time ordered a filet and I had the seared branzino. They brought us a bread basket which was nice. My fish was gross. I was trying to make the most of it because we were on a tight schedule so I swallowed it and kept it going.  He enjoyed his meal but mentioed his belly was aching a bit. We took pics of the scenery, paid the bill and skiddatled out of there. After our show, I started feeling ill, like really ill, as did he. We went back to our hotel and pretty much everything we ate came up and we were stuck in bed for the remainder of the night. Thankfully it was a short-term stomach issue because the next day we were able to continue with our trip, but limited with what our tummies could tolerate. Idk if my fish wasn't cooked right or if there was a germ issue, but every time I think of this place, I primarily recall heaving, sleeping and missing out on a night on the town.Grrr, Top Of the World. You're on the top of my ish list.
4	Overpriced for being at the top of a building spinning for the quality of the food. For the price of dinner for two here you can eat better in other casinos and feed four or more. I spent 300$ which could have been used for two tastier dates . It's an expensive price for a view
5	This was a great Dinner! The food was great and so was the service, Doug was our waiter and was a real class act! I sat in a booth and thought I was getting the raw deal as the the tables are at the Window. But I think the booths are a lot better because you get to face right outside the revolving restarunt. So I suggest ask for a booth. I never expect good food at such a cool venue, over 800 feet in the air turning around to see the whole city in 80 minutes. But the food was great, one of the best caesar salads I have ever had and my steak was as good as any high priced steakhouse. The price is also like any high priced steakhouse but the view is priceless.I only wish my experience below with the hotel customer service at the box office was as good as this restaurant!!! But that is for another time. I highly recommend this  This was a great Dinner! The food was great and so was the service, Doug was our waiter and was a real class act! I sat in a booth and thought I was getting the raw deal as the the tables are at the Window. But I think the booths are a lot better because you get to face right outside the revolving restarunt. So I suggest ask for a booth. I never expect good food at such a cool venue, over 800 feet in the air turning around to see the whole city in 80 minutes. But the food was great, one of the best cesier salads I have ever had and my steak was as good as any high priced steakhouse. The price is also like any high priced steakhouse but the view is priceless.I only wish my experience below with the hotel customer service was as good as this restraint! But that is for another time. I highly recommend this place to tourists and locals. Take advantage of your city and check this place out!Thanks, I highly recommend       This was a great Dinner! The food was great and so was the service, Doug was our waiter and was a real class act! I sat in a booth and thought I was getting the raw deal as the the tables are at the Window. But I think the booths are a lot better because you get to face right outside the revolving restarunt. So I suggest ask for a booth. I never expect good food at such a cool venue, over 800 feet in the air turning around to see the whole city in 80 minutes. But the food was great, one of the best cesier salads I have ever had and my steak was as good as any high priced steakhouse. The price is also like any high priced steakhouse but the view is priceless.I only wish my experience below with the hotel customer service was as good as this restraint! But that is for another time. I highly recommend this place to tourists and locals. Take advantage of your city and check this place out!Thanks, I highly recommend this restaurant to tourists and locals. Take advantage of your city and check this place out!Thanks, Top of the World Restaurant!!!!!!!!!
4	The Stratosphere is located at the very end of the strip and right before the iffy area of Vegas. I personally like the Stratosphere and have stayed here a few times on business trips. After a very long, hard day at a convention, my colleague and I decided to treat ourselves to a nice dinner at the Top of the World Restaurant. As we rode up the elevator, with our ears popping on the way up, I became a bit anxious as I'm actually afraid of heights. I gingerly stepped out of the elevator with caution as I did not know what to expect. We found a large restaurant that SPINS!!!! Slowly, of course, but the restaurant is rotating as you eat so you get a full view of Las Vegas, Henderson and other nearby towns. We were there at night, so we got to really see all of Vegas lit up and let me tell you that was an absolute treat for the eye. Vegas is truly beautiful. You don't see the drunks stumbling the streets or the depressed people who just lost their entire life savings from up here. All you see is the beauty that makes up this awesome city. You can truly appreciate the architecture and design of LV from Top of the World Restaurant. If I remember correctly, we both chose the Four Course Tasting Menu which included a soup or salad, a small appetizer, a steak and dessert. Now, it's been a while since I was here, so I'm guessing it's changed a little but I did peek at their current menu and they still offer this option for $90 per person. Now, let me take this opportunity to tell you that the food was very good, but it is overpriced. You are paying for the atmosphere and the view, for sure! The service was slightly above average but not to the level I would have expected for the amount of money you spend when dining here.The meal was well paced and allowed you to view the complete 360-degrees of scenery and more if you took your time during dessert. I would say it's worth a visit...if someone else is paying!
5	Wow, what a great place for a 20th anniversary dinner on New Years Day. We arrived a bit early so we got to hang out in the lounge and have a few drinks and half price appetizers while we waited for a text to let us know that our table was ready. The restaurant was very prompt in honoring our reservation, as well as our request to be seated at a table next to the window for our anniversary (make special requests via email or via open table reservation system). Our server was excellent. My husband enjoyed the bread basket, and I loved the portabello/mozarella appetizer. My dinner was fabulous...I got the filet and roasted carrots/parsnips. They were truly delicious and I was totally happy. My husband loved his Caesar salad and his entree (but I'm blanking on what he ordered right now...I know we loved everything). The motion of the restaurant floor can be a bit disconcerting at first. I admit I felt a bit queasy for a while. But pretty soon I got used to it and felt fine. Another disconcerting thing...periodically people jump off the building and go flying down into the night right next to you. Don't be alarmed. All part of the fun!This was a great way to celebrate our anniversary and end our little Vegas escape.
1	Views are beautiful but food and services horrible. Called and made a reservation since we were with the big group of 8 people. Got a table in 10 min even though we called 3 hours in advance. Steaks were overcooked lobster bisque too salty. Told the waitress we had a show after dinner and that we need to make sure our food comes out fast. Didn't happen. Took over 2 hours to get our food when asked for manager we were ignored twice. Disgusting food. We didn't finish our dinner paid 1000$ and were late to our show. Never ever im going tp eat there again
2	My husband and I went in August 2013...the service was really good and the manager is a great guy.Food was terrible, but I guess you go for the views.
4	We decided to try this restaurant at the last minute.  We didn't have a reservation but they were able to fit us in anyways.  It did take a while to go up because of the long elevator line.  But when we finally made it to the top the view was amazing!! The food was delicious but the server was eh! You could tell he didn't care for his job.  We took pictures and they were offered to us at the end but they were $45. It was way too much for our blood lol. Fyi, it is an older place now so when it's turning there is a part where it makes the loudest noise!!!! The first time we heard it we got a little frighten.  But we were told it was normal,  but you would think with the prices they would be able to oil those wheels up or something.  Anyways,  after dinner we went to the Final floor and enjoyed the view.  It was an overall great experience!
5	My boyfriend and I decided to eat here for dinner after seeing the stratosphere for a free local event. We made reservations through open table with no problems. We got there and were seated immediately by the window. The views were incredible. It takes about 80 minutes to go around the entire restaurant so enjoy the time while you're there. We both ordered the rack of lamb, which was incredible. After you place your order, they bring you a bread basket with freshly baked rolls and 3 types of butter for all the different rolls. For dessert, we had the bananas foster and it was to die for. Our server had a little bit of a stutter, but that didn't interfere with the incredible service she provided. I had read about some horrible service reviews and how the food was just alright but I had the most wonderful experience here, and I will definitely be back when my wallet can afford it!
3	Ok I admit, the view is breathtaking. The fact that it was a 360deg view was just amazing. Being surrounded by the night time view so Las Vegas... I was in awe. But the food is a different story. We came in a large party so I got to try a few things. The general consensus is that the food is good quality, BUT poorly poorly executed. I ordered the seafood dish and my scallops, shrimp, and lobster were all overlooked. It was tasty enough so I still enjoyed it, but for the hefty price tag I expected it to be cooked perfectly. Almost everyone else in my party ordered steaks.  I tried the filet and it was very tender, but unevenly cooked. Everyone commented that their steak was either overlooked or undercooked. We didn't figure it out until the end that they must have switched up all our orders - a detrimental mistake. My poor little cousin got my boyfriend's rare+ steak. At the end he said it sucked cause his cow was still bleeding! We were pretty upset at this point, but there wasn't much we could do. My sister ordered a steak with foie gras on the side and it was horrible. Nothing like foie gras I've had before. The sides were good.Like most restaurants with an amazing view, the food was just ok. I'm glad I came here once to see the view, but I wouldn't come again. There is also a lounge above the restaurant. So if you want to see the view without splurging $50-80 per entree for dinner, ride the elevator straight to the lounge! You can also go outside where there are telescopes and rides. They had a photographer come around and take pictures for us, which I thought was cool! I thought they would post it somewhere, but silly me! Of course they are for sale. Guess how much a picture costs?? $60!!!
5	wat can i say... perfect. . the view was amazing and also the food.. cudnt ask for more..
5	Been to the stratosphere a few times and love it. They are accommodating and friendly and the food is wonderful as well as the view!
5	My mother and I came here for Christmas Eve and we were SO PLEASED with the ensemble-style waitstaff. I had the surf and turf and she had the dual lobster tails. Perfectly prepared seafood, very light and buttery--but filling! Amazing ambiance, great food presentation. We came for the view, fell in love with the food. Had no room for dessert! We thought the photographer was a little aggressive, but she took some great photos.
5	We came here as our splurge meal on a Christmas visit to the Strip.  The view is as incredible as you would expect and the service is excellent.  We started with the lobster bisque which I am still drooling over a month later.  We ordered from their limited menu and the food was well prepared, though not the best I've ever had.The restaurant itself wasn't very lively and dimly lit making for a romantic setting. The staff was willing to take our picture and there was a professional photographer about to sell you quality prints at a not very modest price.If you're looking for an elegant quiet dinner with a great view of the strip, this is the place you are looking for.
1	I'm so incredibly disappointed in this place. I was so excited to come here for my birthday. We made reservations months ago. I'll admit, the view is breathtaking. You get panoramic views of Las Vegas, and at night the lights make it even more gorgeous. If you get motion sickness like me, you had better come prepared. The restaurant rotates and even though they say you hardly notice, I'll have to say that you really do notice. I came here with a group of six. My sister joined us, even though she's on an extremely strict diet and would only be ordering a plain salad. That's when it all went downhill. Our server treated us like we were poor folk venturing out to a fancy city meal. We hardly saw her. She didn't explain the menu, and I was so sad because all the servers around us were being so friendly.  She, was not friendly. And honestly, if I'm paying they much money for food, I expect a certain level of service. The bill for 6 people was just under $400. We however left unhappy.The food wasn't spectacular, and I think it was really overpriced for that it was.  I got the ribeye, and it didn't have any flavor. My boyfriend got the salmon, and it was decent. I won't be going back here, I was so upset. If you want the view, they have a lounge. Check that out instead.
5	So glad we chose to dine here! The view was, of course, amazing and food was delicious. The tenderloin was so tender and perfectly cooked. The sides come in huge portions are are definitely big enough to share. We had two different potato dishes and neither of us finished half of either. I will say the walk to/from the monorail stop to the Stratosphere was interesting. The walk itself isn't too bad (maybe 10 minutes) but it doesn't seem to be the best area. Its nothing I would have wanted to walk alone!
4	I have to admit, I came here for the view. The restaurant is on the 109th floor with a slowly rotating floor that shows the entire 360 degrees view of Vegas in all it's glory. There is also a bar one floor above. Plus you get free entrance to the observation deck afterwards. I didn't have high expectations of the food and figured it would be overpriced for the quality. It turned out as I expected but the food tasted slightly better than expectations. I came here twice so far, once for brunch and tonight, I came for dinner. With the view, I give this restaurant 4 stars. If without the view, I'd give it 2.5 stars. Let's start with the decor:I'm not sure how I should comment. The walls are painted a navy blue color with stars. It looks much more elegant at night time than day time since everything becomes dimly light. I remember coming here for lunch and thought I walked in to a casual diner called Saturn. Night time, it looks a bit more elegant. I still wouldn't consider it very sophisticated but it looks much better. Does it matter what the decor looks like? Not really. Who's looking if you have such a nice view of VEGAS. Let's get to the juicy stuff. The food (dinner): Bread- thought it deserves a comment. This bread basket is pretty good. Comes with three flavors of butter cream. You get an assortment of breads. Great start to the meal. Lobster Bisque- The lobster bisque has a nice and creamy texture with fairly decent bits of lobster. Flavors are there, except too much salt. I personally did find it a bit too salty for my liking so I thought it was just fair. Seared Jumbo Lump Crab Cake- A decent sized crab cake with lumps of crab and shreds of radish. The crab cake was a bit mushy. Not much of flavor. Organic Aspen Ridge Ribeye with Horseradish Crust and Demi Glace (medium rare)- This ribeye turned out to be pretty good. Glad we decided on medium rare because I suspect it would become too chewy if ordered medium or they might overcook it. They do put the horseradish on top and cook it into a crust. I'm personally not a fan of horseradish as I think it masks the flavor of the ribeye. I asked it to be a thin and light layer of horseradish. Turned out to be pretty good. Came with tiny carrots. Large Mexican Prawns, New England Scallops & Lobster a la Plancha- This dish came with successes and fails. The scallops were nice and tender. I am a big fan of scallops and eat it a lot so I was happy taking a bite into this. It was cooked thoroughly but not overcooked. The prawns were plain under cooked and slightly blue at the bottom. It was pretty gross. The lobster was decent. Some bits were juicy and succulent and other parts were a bit dry. I suspect uneven cooking. Did not order desserts this time. I did have the banana foster last time. I thought it was decent but nothing amazing. It looked pretty cool, like some crazy tower of deliciousness. However, it failed in terms of taste. Service was a hit or miss. Last time, I came for lunch and the lady serving us was amazing. I give her two thumbs up. Tonight, my server was a man who barely paid attention to us. I was not too happy with that. He kept on kissing up to the table with party of 6 next to us. Barely came by even if we needed something. I give him 4 thumbs DOWN.Go up to the observation deck after dinner. Walk around and burn off some of the calories you consumed. Watch some of the bungee jumpers scream like little girls. Go outside. It's nice and breezy. You get the entire view of Vegas and won't have to take photos through a glass window.Would I come here again? Yeah, probably once in a while. I enjoy the view. This place is only worth it if you go up to the observation deck. The food is overpriced but you do get free entrance to the observation deck.
5	This dining experience was amazing.  I had the best ribeye steak ever!  We were celebrating a birthday and it was unforgettable.  Service was top notch and our waiter was very attentive.  The blended flavored butters were delicious that were served with the bread basket.  This place is a bit pricey although the food is excellent and you cannot beat the view.  If you have a special occasion and want it to be memorable, Top of the World is the place to be!
5	Went there for my holiday in Vegas. The restaurant is cool with the 360c moving floor as I got to see the Vegas strip and the whole city at night. The food is okay-good. The service is okay-good as well. Good for the view and foie gras dish there is great!
2	The food is very good and the view is spectacular.  The "hospitality" is grossly lacking and because of this I cannot recommend this restaurant.  When you pay a certain amount for a meal (there is a "$50/person minimum, $15 split plate charge" for example) you should be able to expect a certain level of service.  Not so for "Top of the World" - I was very disappointed.People were ridiculously rude at the security checkpoint, as if we were burdening them for being there (seriously?!  This guy's ONE job is to lead people through a metal detector and show them the elevator.  It's hardly taxing, dude.  Get another job if you don't like this one.)Our waiter was outrageously rude about the restaurant.com gift certificate we had.  We sat down and he was fine.  We tell him about the GC and his demeanor changed (to attitude and rudeness) IMMEDIATELY.  No joke.  He actually didn't even want to let us use it because we didn't have it printed out, even though the website specifically stated we didn't need a printout, just the code (we even showed him a screenshot of this exact wording on the site, since we were concerned about not having a printout either, but wanted to take the site's word).  He made a loud scene and called his manager over while telling us "he's not going to accept it" either - unbelievable!The manager graciously just took the code down and said it was fine, slipped away, and then unfortunately left us again with our charming server.  I got the feeling he was used to dealing with our guy's "personality".After this debacle, the meal went on.  But instead of splurging as we had intended though (this was supposed to be a nice family dinner with my husband, mom, and brother), we basically stuck to the order minimum, since we really did not feel like patronizing this place.  No overpriced champagne for us!  As I said, the view is gorgeous, and the food was good.  All tall rotating restaurants are overpriced for the food and drink, but you're paying for that view, of course.  If we hadn't had such atrocious "service" I'd maybe recommend this place (as long as you remember what kind of restaurant it is and how that affects the prices); but the Stratosphere is getting run down (walking through the casino and shopping area was pretty deserted and almost creepy feeling), and the whole experience being as it was, I'll have to say you can spend your money at many, many other fine establishments and have a MUCH nicer experience while in Vegas.
5	Just one of those things you have to do! Go at night for dessert and enjoy the best view in Vegas! Desserts are all amazing ... Chocolate lovers cake, lemon white chocolate cake, fruit tarts...! Yum! The eggs Benny is delicious! Flavorful and presentation is perfect!
2	I had a strange experience coming here. Something I wouldn't expect from a high class restaurant. I was a walk in on a weekday during February. When I checked in upstairs, another guest came out of the restaurant wanting a different seat, I was told I was set and to take a seat by the elevators. People came in and out of the restaurant (I figured guests with reservations) and I waited about 20 mins until the host looked at me and said, "Do you need help? Oh, no wait, you ate already". I answered,  "No, I checked in a while ago, you told me to sit here". The host apologized and searched my name in the system not knowing what happened. I made the excuse for them, "That guest that wanted different seats must have distracted the check in process, it happens". So, they made a big deal to get me a "good seat" (by the window - at the hotel I was staying at... With a view I've seen several times on this trip...that I mentioned when I checked in).The view was gorgeous none-the-less but as soon as I sat down, a waiter dropped a plate of food, picking up only the big pieces. I ordered a glass of wine, the Lobster Bisque and Steak and Lobster. The Lobster Bisque was devine though some parts of the meat were cold while other parts were warm. And the steak and lobster was perfect as well. While I was eating, my water was never filled and a different waitress broke a wine glass (again, only picking up the big pieces). While enjoying the food and view all the waiters (3 in our area) are speaking on the different restaurant levels in Spanish rather loudly. When I was done, the waitress that broke the glass asked if I was done and when I said yes, she took my plate away which I thought was strange. I had quite a bit of food left and I felt like for a place like this, wasting food wouldn't be an option. (I would have loved to finish left overs!)While waiting for check, my waiter was bringing food to another table where he dropped the food cover. I thought this restaurant staff was VERY careless and I left uneasy about my experience.
2	Put reservations in early for Valentines Day . Requested Window seat.  Reservations were at 5pm. Got there at 4:30. Was seated pretty quick..maybe 3 minute wait. However got seating next to the column that was actually nexr to the window so that waa disappointing. Bread basket was great. We ordered rack of lamb and rib eye and twice baked potato. Baked potato was amazing. But both of our main dishes werent good. Neither of us liked the food and it literally took an hour an a half to get our food. Wont be going here ever again. View was amazing and staff waa nice. Even got a rose with the check.
4	went here about a year ago, the food was amazing the waiter was not so much, the bus boy took better care of us hen the waiter. i talked to the manager and requested the busboy to be our waiter for the rest of the evening lucky us the manger agreed.  the best service ever at that point. if it wasn't for the bus boy this place would have only gotten three stars.
4	loved their filet mignon with sauteed spinach!! OMG the spinach and meat combination was just heavenly!
2	Food was marginal for the price. The service was terrible. It took forever to be served, and get the check. When I gave the server my card, he said it was declined even though I knew there was money on it. He also made another server come and tell me the card was declined, and take another form of payment. The server was rude, and took his time waiting on us, even though there were only a few other tables occupied. On a more positive note, the view is terrific! I would recommend going to the lounge or the observation deck rather than paying for dinner.
4	While Stratosphere may be far from the cream of the crop as LV hotels go, the Top of the World is certainly an exception to the rest of the hotel.  Beautiful atmosphere, wonderful meal and great service.We all had the 4 course tasting menu, which for $90, and all things considering, I thought was a very nice price.  Especially since the third course, the filet, I would guess at 10 to 12 oz.  A far larger portion than I have seen on any tasting menu.  While the food was not spectacular, it was certainly very good, and we all enjoyed.  The wine pairing for $30 was fabulous, and for me perhaps the best part of the meal.  It would have been a bargain for even more.  I also highly recommend the bananas foster in a a almond brittlle bowl.The service was excellent, but not rushed at all.  Servers were always in the area, but we had a rather slow pace to meal, to enjoy the view.  We were there 2+ hours, and since the restaurant slowly rotates, we enjoyed 2 complete rotations, and spectacular views.The atmosphere is quiet on the inside, and the views cannot be beat.  I would recommend this experience to anyone.
1	My wife was exited to eat at the "Top of World" when were were vacationing in Vegas. All I can say is you pay for the view, not the food. I had the seafood fettuccine which was not even as good as what you'd get at the Cheesecake Factory.  The scallops were bitter, the lobster had little to no flavor, but the shrimp (all two of them) were very good.  My wife had the salmon which I tasted and it was dry and hopelessly mediocre. If you really want to eat here, get a burger on the observation deck for a fraction of the cost and enjoy the view and food that way.
1	I had dinner last week at Top of the World, and I was not impressed at all. I ordered the $56 New York Steak, au gratin potatoes, and crab cake appetizer. For the price I paid I was expecting so much more. My steak barely had any flavor and it was tough/gristly. Seriously I've had better steaks cooked at home or at Outback Steakhouse. The crab cakes tasted alright, nothing special, but it was such a small portion. The appetizer was for two people and only came with one crab cake ($18). However, the au gratin potatoes were good. That was the only thing I felt was worth paying for.
5	Top of the World Restaurant, located on the top level of The Stratosphere Hotel and Casino, is a bit of old school fine dining that banks heavily on its rotating dining room that offers a wonderful view of Las Vegas and the surrounding area. The reviews seem to run hot and cold here, with the complaints primarily surrounding price and poor service. As for the former, yes it is pricy ... but the price does include access to the tower, which is $18/person. Factor that into the price of the meal and, depending on what you get, can be a pretty good deal. As for the service, I had no issues, except for the mechanical issue they were experiencing that prevented the restaurant from rotating until the very end of the meal.I had planned a lunch with a business colleague during my Vegas vacation, I let him choose the location, and I picked this out of the options he suggested. He also suggested the lobster bisque and, as many other reviews have noted, it is heavenly. Possibly the best soup I have ever had. For my entree I went for ultra-decadence with their "Ultra Burger" topped with foie gras. The burger itself is made from braised short rib, topped with a choice of cheese and a healthy portion of foie gras. My colleague ordered the NY Steak served with a poached egg, and potato hash. It was something he had never ordered there before, but he had no complaints.My only complaint is that there was no draft beer, and the bottled beer selection was weak. But their bread, served before the meal with three different types of spreads, was outstanding. That orange butter ... so so good. Before tax and tip, and factoring out the $18 each for Tower Admission, the two meals, lobster bisque, and drinks were about $50, before tax and tip. (And since they are factoring in the price of Tower Admission in their meals, that's why they charge a minimum and a fee for splitting plates)Dinner may not be as great of a value, but if you are dying to go up in the tower and are willing to pay the $18 admission, then IMO you'd be crazy not to get lunch at Top of the World. Back out the $18 admission price and you are getting some REALLY great lunch options for $8-$14. The food, and the view, are both well worth it.
4	The view was excellentFood was goodService was less than ok...
5	Top notch, amazing food, great service, huge bill (but worth it). If you want to jump off the roof, buy your ticket before dinner at the bottom floor of the building.  I was amazed at the view, I highly recommend it.
3	I finally made it to Top of the World for Christmas dinner. This review is a little late, but it's definitely worth it. So here we go... Yes, this is a revolving restaurant. Every 30-45 mins you will have gone 360 degrees full circle while sitting at your dining table. The food quality is amazing and deserving of the solid 4 star reputation. The Christmas menu was really exciting and included a classic Waldorf Salad which reminded me of something you would see at your favorite high end NYC restaurant. The Kale salad and gnocchi were two of my favorite things and the overall experience was really fantastic!
5	Exceptional!!! Beautiful views of Las Vegas not necessarily the strip though The staff is courteous and helpfulIt's very romantic and a crazy view of the city I got the soup and froi gras - which were both excellentI would definitely recommend for a classy and romantic date in Vegas
4	Boyfriend and I decided to splurge on a fancy dinner. Timing was perfect, beginning of the dinner we saw the whole strip in daylight. By the end of our meal, the vegas lights were out in full.Pros:Food was amazingDon't have to wait in that awful line to get to the topGreat viewRomantic atmosphereSeated very quickly (Had reservations so not sure how seating really is)Photographer took really nice picturesCons:Bratty kids were running aroundJumpers from the top may scare the crap out of youThe restaurant turns so finding the bathroom can be difficult because the direction will changeThis was a great experience and I loved the food. I felt the dress code should be stricter and more enforced. The table next to use looked like they were celebrating a wedding anniversary and didn't look too happy about the children in street clothes running around. The table behind us with the kids all nicely dressed and well behaved, that was another story.
2	I had been here 10+ years ago and I couldn't stop raving about this place. This was a must do meal for my new wife. (We got married in the Chapel in the Clouds at the hotel).Anyways, we made a reservation and requested a window seat. They had no problems accommodating us.When seated, our waiter was pretty slow getting our drink order. He served the wine my wife ordered right away. My non-alcoholic, non $13 glass of wine took another 8 minutes.Food came out pretty quick. The lobster bisque was very good but also extremely rich. The waiter, when serving it (they pour the soup over a small mound of lobster meat right at the table) splattered a few droplets on my wife's blouse. We didn't notice (because the restaurant is very dark) until right after the waiter left. We asked for some club soda to clean the droplets off which the manager brought but there was no apology whatsoever. They acted as if she spilled it on herself.The crab cake I ordered was pretty good but not even remotely close to the best I've ever had. $18 for a single crab cake seemed more than just regular steep. It was exceptionally steep.Our entrees were very good. She had the surf and turf gnocchi and I had the duo of lobster tails. Like everything in a revolving restaurant, they were overpriced.During the meal, I asked the waiter for a refill on my Coke. He forgot about it and only remembered it 5 minutes later when I was about to point it out again. He gave some bs excuse that a few years ago, he only had to wait 4 tables at a time, instead of the 9 he does now. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? 9 tables is nothing. If you hustle and do your damn job, you can do twice that number and still provide exceptional service.The bill took forever to come and they refused to give the 10% discount as an Ace Play Club member. It explicitly states, in the Guest Services Directory, that you get a 10% discount. I complained at the front desk and they adjusted our bill to compensate.I love how, with the bill, there's a little insert that explains how to tip. "Exceptional service gets 15-20%". If the service was exceptional, he would have gotten 25-30%, but it was garbage. I felt like I was cheating myself by even giving him 8%. The last time I was here 10 years ago, I gave a $100 tip on a $400 bill.The views are fantastic, the food was good (although not worth the prices). Waiters are hit and miss. With a different waiter, I might have given this place 4 or 5 stars.Since waiters are random, I cannot recommend this place as it's a pretty expensive dice roll.
1	My review is for my visit on 02/22/2014. We had reservations for a party of 12 on Saturday at 8pm. When we got there, the view was spectacular but that's the only positive thing I can say about my visit. The food was terrible! I got the "Surf and Turf Gnochi with Lobster and Braised Beef Short Rib" and was promptly disappointed with my meal. The pasta flavor was extra "fishy" and was really not a good combination to have the beef short rib added. Whoever thought this was a good way to combine the meal, needs to rethink their taste buds...Seriously. What was even more disappointing was my husband's meal. He wanted to stay away from seafood and stick to pasta and chicken, so the waiter said that he could do the "Fettuccine Seafood Alfredo with Lobster, Prawns & Scallops" from the menu, no seafood, and replace with chicken. Both my sister-in-law and my husband ordered the waiter's suggestion. When my husband and sister-in-law got his meal, however, it was as if the chef removed the scallops and slapped some chicken on top of it. The meal was fishy, exactly what we were trying to avoid. When we spoke with the waiter about the matter, he said that there was no way the meal had any seafood. What?! The waiter made both my sister-in-law and husband look like liars; very embarrassing in front of our large group of friends. And to top it all off, the waiter did not even bother calling his manager for assistance or replacing the meal with something else. So practically, we were stuck paying for a meal that we did not eat. And you call this fine dining? I don't think so!And finally, the entire group and I were pretty upset when we noticed that directly across from us was a table with a group as big as ours receiving totally different service than we were just because there was some type of minor league baseball player in their group. The manager was showing them their different champagnes, catering to their every need. How is that fair? Shouldn't all the customers receive the same service? In conclusion, I would only recommend this place for their view, but definitely not for a nice dining experience!
5	Top Of The World always impresses. . . Last night was my girls birthday, and I knew this would be the perfect setting. Made reservations for the perfect view of a sunset on Las Vegas. They were very accommodating, very accurate and sincere. The food is always impressive, fresh and served with kindness and a smile. The stakes are top of the line! Cooked to perfection, served at the perfect temperature. All there sides are unique and tasty. We decided on potato gratin, delicious! Great drinks for the ladies, try the chocolate masterpiece! Over all, we were both treated like the only two in the restaurant. They were courteous of taking our pictures at the right times (like Las Vegas blvd, and the downtown area shots) I really recommend TOTW to any couple, party or family. You will enjoy it!
1	The family and I had the worst experience ever. I was there on 3/26/2014. The rooms are not as clean, and customer service is rude. The valet parking sucks they have you waiting for 1/2 an hour. The food was horrible. NEVER EVER GOING BACK! The only reason I reserved this hotel was for my kids to go on the rides. Also, because my friend told me it was good for the price! Yah rite!
5	We had lunch here Tuesday 25 March 2014.   I had the ultra burger - yes it was expensive - but wow!     I never knew what a hamburger could be like.   I've had good burgers before, but this far exceeded my expectations and took a burger to a level I didn't know it could achieve.     The braised short rib meat below the black angus patty really set this apart giving a wonderful flavor of beef and very tender too.   The whole wheat bun was fresh and complimented the beef.   My wife had the chicken breast sandwich.  We swapped halves.    The mole sauce was hotter than she liked - but that is dependent on your tastes; the chicken was very moist and properly prepared.  Staff was courteous and attentive.  Our son liked the rotating view of Las Vegas and we enjoyed Top of the World restaurant.  We liked seeing the sky jumpers coming off the deck above us.   Yes, it was an expensive burger-yet  we got the view and a burger that blew my socks of - very glad we had lunch here.
5	If you are looking for a great view, a fabulous meal, and wonderful service, this is the place for you. I enjoyed the Tuna Poke, the Filet Mignon, and the Creme Brulee. The crisps that accompanied the tuna were a bit strange looking, criss cut potato chips, but the flavor combinations were fantastic. The filet came with scalloped potates that were cooked to perfection. Finally, the vanilla bean creme brulee topped it off. Actually, the expensive congac really topped it off but it will cost you. All in all a great experience, and Tom, the server, was able to recognize that our table was there for an experience not just the food.  Cheers!
4	The view is amazing! I was literally focused on my view rather than my dinner plate! The vibe is chill! The staff is friendly and I felt welcomed! My steak was not all that, I had better. But I would deff go back for the view!
5	The food just okay alittle overpriced. I keep going back though.   I have been there many times and have had exuberant experiences.  Great place for cocktails and views.
5	Been to this restaurant for 4 times.  The lamb is great.  We went to NyNY steakhouse, Mix in Mandayla Bay, Cut in Palzzo, Eiffel Tower in Paris,and the steakhouse in Palms before.  I personally think this place is the best I ate in Vegas.  If I ask for medium well, they don't bring some dried well done jerky on the table.  That's the most important in a steakhouse.
4	Absolutely amazing views and food for the most part was fantastic. However, the accompaniments to the main crab dish were lukewarm and very clearly reheated... Pretty disappointing for such a pricey restaurant. Great service.
4	Top of the world!!!! That's what it felt like because of the view.  A beautiful view of Las Vegas.   The awesome part was that we were able to see every perspective of Vegas without leaving our table because the restaurant rotates as you eat.  The food was good.  My 10 oz steak was cooked to perfection.  The steak was tender and melted in my mouth.  Also tried the gnocchi with lobster and braised beef short ribs.   That was ok.  For dessert,  banana foster in a caramel and almond box.  Delicious!!! What a great way to end the meal.  Overall great experience! The service was good.  Awesome view. Good food!  Definitely must check out.
4	Food was delicious. The view was amazing!
2	I made a reservation two months in advanced and my boyfriend and I couldn't wait to check out the most beautiful view in Vegas. Our server was more than happy to walk us through the menu and offer his opinion, and he recommended this 4 course tasting menu for $90. As he was explaining what the offer entailed it is my opinion that he purposely mislead us to believe that it was $90 for two people when in reality it was $90/ per person. As he was explaining what we got for our money he used phrases like "You each get to pick from one of the following options" and "this deal is perfect for couples". I remarked that it seemed like a deal too good to be true and he confirmed that it was the "Best value on the menu for parties of 2" needless to say we were more than a little shocked when we received our bill and saw that it was double what we had expected it to be. Instead of confronting the waiter we paid the bill (tip included) and left right away, feeling tricked and a little stupid. Pros: Easily the most delicious steak either of us have ever had.Cons: Felt mislead and tricked by our server.
5	Happy hour (of course) is half off certain appitizers and 2 for 1 drinks (needs to be the same drink). We ordered the hummus, cheese plate, and carpaccio. All delicious! The carpaccio melts in your mouth, the hummus was smooth, and cheese plate speaks for itself. The bartenders were all super nice and attentive. If I had one negative, the elevator girl was not friendly or nice but I don't care about her.
5	This is a great place to come for dinner or lunch the view is amazing and it was such a fun experience.  Our server was Dee and she brought us a free dessert for our anniversary which was very unexpected.  The service is top notch and the view can not be beaten do yourself a favor and stop in for a meal and check out the excellent service and food.
5	Great food and great view. I am only giving 5 stars to the restaurant. The enclosed observation deck above it is very weird.
1	Came for lunch today, and I couldn't be more disappointed. Our server was terrible, because she spent more time chatting with another waitress than she did her job. We waited 10 minutes to place our order, we had to ask for a drink menu 3 times, and we waited another 10 minutes after lunch to just ask for the check...because she never came back to see if we wanted another drink or dessert. We spent $150 on lunch, and it wasn't worth $40. The cheeseburgers were very dry and overcooked, but the short ribs on the bottom of the burger was pretty good. Too bad it was a very tiny piece of short ribs. Overall, very disappointed and wouldn't recommend anyone waist their money there.
4	I didn't expect coming to this place and having a crazy, orgasmic, explosion of delight going in my mouth. I knew well that what I was paying for was the view (109th floor)and I feel coming in with this state of mind was helpful. See, the view really is SPECTACULAR and the fact that you're rotating the entire time is like nothing you'll probably ever do (while eating). The craziest thing, was just sitting there as people jumped off the building (no, Vegas didn't suddenly become suicide friendly, they have an attraction where you bungee off the very top of the building). It's an experience and I'm glad I can say I did it. The food was alright, I tasted some of my friends dishes and I had no complaints about their food, I had the churassco with au gratin potatoes. Their pork belly was tasty and their lobster bisque was alright but could have used a little less nutmeg. Like I said, at $101 dollars for a one person meal, you're paying mostly for the view.
3	Wife had a shrimp scallops, lobster plate. I had a New York steak. Her plate and drinks were excellent. Her side of gnocchi was a little under cooked. My steak was unevenly cooked, med ish on one end and well on the other. I asked for med/well so I guess technically I got what I wanted. The vegetarian soup appetizer was awesome. Truth be told that and the bread and I would have been good to go. Service was good but overall not worth the price $190 with two drinks. (W/o tip)
5	Our party of four had a great time here! Food was delicious and the views, of course, were breathtaking. Go to the 107 lounge first during the 4-7 happy hour, and get their chocolate martini. Omg. Pricy, but you're in Vegas.
4	This restaurant had a beautiful view to say the least. It rotates very slowly so you can view the entire city and beyond from 360 degrees (just like the Sky restaurant in the Space Needle, Seattle). The food was good, I wouldn't say amazing considering the price but good. The Au Gratin Potatoes were stellar probably the most memorable item that I had. The cocktails were good as well. I still could not shake the fact that I was still in a Vegas Casino type environment though, maybe the carpeting in the restaurant lol.
5	This was a great resturant, great atmosphere great food, it was a great way to finish off a romantic night. People there are really nice and informative.
1	Great views of Vegas but terrible service!!! Rose had to be the worst waitress I have ever had in a restaurant so she took away from everything else. Ignored us the whole time that we were there and was not apologetic about it either nor did she try and make it right. For the service you get the prices are not worth it.
2	Views are amazing and the entire restaurant rotates slowly so you get a 360 view of the city.  Food was good, not great. Bit overpriced and the service was so so.
4	Great view entertainment & food. My portobello sandwich was so good I want to replicate it. But not so good on my family's choice. New York steak sandwich was little too tough. Pricy though. Holy smoke! I have to get a second job to eat here.
2	We visited here in April 2013. View is great, watching morons jump off side of building was fun, but the food was blah. We had crab cakes for appetizer. They were just ok. I had filet which was just like ordering filet from chilis. My daughter did the seafood Alfredo and worried the whole time she had just got food poisoning. Son in law had surf and turf, turf was bad as mine and surf was dry and chewy. We also had lobster bisque and it was weird tasting too much sherry or something going on wrong in that recipe. Service was fine.
4	I grew up in Vegas, moved away and came back in 1996. Last night was the first time I dined at Top of the World restaurant at the Stratosphere--I was absolutely impressed and regret not going sooner!  The food was delicious (although I did not care too much for their lobster bisque) and the service was top notch. The view of the valley was just amazing since it was at night.  The only recommendation I have for the restaurant is to enforce a dress code--too many patrons in yoga pants, jeans and tees--since it is at the pricier end.
5	All I can say is "WOW!"   Top of the World is expensive - and worth every penny.  My wife and I had a dinner reservation for sunset and are still talking about how wonderful the experience was.  The staff were extraordinarily professional and attentive.  The food was awesome - including the desserts.  I highly recommend this restaurant for a classy romantic and memorable dinner.
3	The view was spectacular and the whole experience was amazing. I only give it 3 stars because I didn't think the food measured up to the price. however, I think what you're paying for is the experience. I'm glad I went once, but I probably wouldn't go back.
5	Beautiful views, amazing service and awesome food!  The four course tasting menu with lobster bisque soup, black cod, filet and two desserts is beyond awesome and large enough to share with another person!  This with bottle of wine was only $165 whereas some places in Vegas would charge you 500 - 600 and would not have the view nor quality of food and service!
4	Excellent views, great food, attentive staff.  Top of the World is still the place to impress your significant other in Vegas. Only drawback is the elevator line to the top is a lengthy wait.
2	Terrible service, went here past weekend and the table was shaky, asked the waiter if they could fix it or let us sit at another table, and he said no.  It was pretty empty when I went so I didn't understand why not.  Food was alright, portions are huge but tasted average.  Won't be coming back with the rude service. I personally prefer Eiffel Tower over this, better price and service IMO.
4	You cannot beat the view. Also, the fact that the entire joint is moving means you get several different views. Food is great and so is the wine.
4	We came for the lunch menu, aka breakfast on Vegas time. Streak and egg come with tasty sauce. The skirt steak is very tender. The lobster omelet had great seasoning. I like my food a little more modern American, the eggs themselves and hash had that old school oily texture. The service was fantastic.
5	My son took me for dinner here to celebrate Mother's Day! We arrived at dusk & let me tell you the atmosphere was beautiful as it slowly turns and you are able to see a view of the whole city, it was just lovely as the sunset Wow then all the jewels (lights) came on gorgeous, my son is a gem and loves to take me to fabulous restaurants in LV. Our dinner was delicious & our waiter was very friendly we were not rushed at all. All in all it was a spectacular Mother's Day dinner! After dinner we went to the bar one floor up and had a drink sitting by the window and enjoying our conversation in our beautiful city!
5	What a view! Went for a birthday dinner and had an amazing time. We showed up early for happy hour and had some martinis and appetizer in the lounge upstairs which is a great deal. We then went down to the restaurant to have the main course.  Doug was our server and he really made us feel special.  I had the NY Strip and my date had the range chicken.  We also both got the suggested wines and what a mix!  Both I our meals were outstanding. I highly suggest going to this place.  I have been to a Ruth's Chris about 3 weeks ago and this steak was far superior and the view is just breathtaking. Then afterwards you can go to the top observation deck. Lots of fun
4	Great view and atmosphere. The best espresso martinis.
4	I'm a local and I went for the first time last night. Honestly I was impressed with what I got. The view is breathtaking and by far the best part of the restaurant. The only thing is that there is a lounge above the restaurant and you can hear all the obnoxiously loud drunk people during dinner. Atmosphere: 4.5/5The food was great and much larger portions than I expected. My boyfriend and I shared the pork belly starter which was delicious, and I had the salmon for my entree which was a huge piece of excellently cooked salmon. I didn't taste my boyfriends steak but he said it was pretty good even though there were many fatty pieces he was cutting off. Oh and the cheese rolls and flavored butters they bring you are fantastic. Food: 4.5/5Service was nice but for the price and fine dining I would expect a bit better. There was nothing really wrong with the service but my glass was empty a few times and I asked for a lemon for my water which I never ended up receiving. Service: 4/5Overall it was a very romantic lovely night and I would definitely enjoy going again in the future.
5	Amazing meal. 1) We ordered the crab cake appetizer. I was honestly a little surprised that it wasn't hotter, but it was sooo tasty. We also both ordered cocktails recommended by our server, which were absolutely delicious and light 2) lobster bisque. They serve it as a bowl with lobster in the middle and pour the bisque over. It was very succulent. We were thinking each thinking about getting our own but decided to share, which I'm very glad we did. The portion was very generous and the perfect precursor to our meal3) Rack of Lamb. Oh, my, goodness. This was incredible. I ordered it medium and it literally melted in my mouth. It came with a side of chutney which was the perfect accompaniment. I was full half way but couldn't help but eat the whole plate. That is NOT the kind of meal you waste. 4) Bone-in rib-eye. Ridiculous. There are no words for how delectable this was. Hubby made a good choice. Im his words, "even the fat is good,"..that's saying something We also did the wine pairings suggested with each part of the meal which I highly recommend.  And honestly, the view is everything they say it is..incredible.  But the best part, my guy proposed to me during dessert!  I wouldn't have changed a thing!
1	Worst place ever and the manager buel if even worse! The food sucked the view wasn't what u accept and the waitresses treat you like a nobody because they think they will never see you agin. I will never recommend this place to anybody especially if you are trying to enjoy your self. The manager doesn't care if your happy or not he just cares if he is making his minimum wage of 9 dollars a hr....... This place is over rated and the worst view in Vegas, go to the pairs it's better money spent!!!
4	It was a very romantic setting with the sun setting and the lights slowly flickering on. We also enjoyed watching the "sky jumpers" go past the windows. Service was great and the food was pretty good. You also get access to the observation decks after dinner.
2	Go to impress your date with the view and nothing else. Everyone was nice enough but service was slow (took 20 minutes to seat us even with a res, for example), food good but not great (trying way to hard - everything has some kind of sauce when having your wagyu steak simply grilled is totally acceptable), and way over priced (I guess you're paying for the view - e.g., $50 for a piece of salmon).
4	Beautiful Place, great views of the city. Impecialbe service.  Friendly staff.. Steak was vrey good. Ordered a dish with potatoes amd veggies. The vegatable garden seemed very bare. Disappointing to say the least. Got a childs portion of pasta, that was OK.  The birthday dessert was areal treat.
4	My wife and I enjoyed a lunch at this restaurant while visiting Las Vegas.  We arrived to the restaurant at 12:30 PM on a Tuesday and it was nearly empty.  I'm not sure how they can survive being that empty; but, perhaps they thrive on the dinner crowd.  What's unique about this restaurant is the fact it sits high above the strip and offers views of all directions because the restaurant continuously rotates (very slowly) while you are enjoying your meal.  I will warn that if you don't like motion, you may have a problem with the motion despite the fact it turns very slowly.  I was initially sitting backwards; but, had to switch places with my wife as I was becoming slightly nauseated.My wife and I both ordered sandwiches which came promptly and were good.  The portions were average and overall the prices was much higher than what you expect to pay for the same meal at another restaurant.  The two sandwiches and sodas came to $60 after tip.  Honestly, if you're looking for a good similar quality lunch, you can find it priced about 1/2 of what the Stratosphere charges.  It's clear they are charging a premium price for the food due to the view.   That said, we were not disappointed.  The service and ambiance was excellent so were willing to pay a premium for the meal.
4	Ok - so I have to admit I'm a sucker for ambiance.  So I love the whole "revolving restaurant" thing.  Dinner is very nice for this...seeing all the Vegas lights.  I loved it!  So 4.5 stars for this!The food was fine.  Wedge salad, seafood, steak....nothing to write home about, but still solid quality.  I didn't come here for the food, so honestly I wasn't expecting much.  If you're expecting high end gourmet food then you may be disappointed.  The overall experience is good.  I'd definitely recommend this to anyone visiting Vegas.  Is this something I'd do every time?  No.  But ya gotta do this at least once!
2	You're paying for the view, basically. The food took a long time to come out, it was warm, not hot, and soooo overpriced (50 bucks for a rack of lamb that was good, not amazing). The waiter was a nice guy, which was one of the few positives. When my boyfriend for his Surf & Turf Gnocchi, he realizes there was no lobster in it. John (the waiter) was very apologetic, and had the waiter make another plate.Again, you're paying for the view and not much else. If you want great meat, go to Fogo De Chao, at least the sides are included. If you want the view, go to the lounge that's above the Top of the World, and save some money. We were disappointed, to say the least.
2	On a trip to Vegas a few months ago  we decided to give the stratosphere a try for our last night in town. Paid les than 100.00 for the oasis suite on Sunday night. We were looking forward to dinning at the Top of the world restaurant mainly for the view. Getting to the restaurant was somewhat of a challenge from the time we entered the elevator loading area on the main floor to the restaurant.  Had to ask for directions a couple a times. Once seated we began with their very taste bread basket and wine.   My wife ordered the ribeye and was fairly satisfied with it, but not a memorable steak. ( I prefer a fire charred steak)  We shared a huge twice baked potato (very good) and field greens salad. I ordered the lobster bisque (not bad, I've eaten better) and the prawns, scallops and lobster plate. The roasted salad and the scallops were very good, that's where it stopped. The lobster and the shrimp had a little bit of foul fishy taste. I could not identify it at the time but the other day I was eating crab legs and took a bite of the shoulder meat, there's that the taste I remember. We will not be back for the food, but if we book a room we may have a drink at the bar for the view.(fantastic view)  There are much  better restaurants in town for the same prices. I give the view 5 stars.
1	This is a lousy restaurant in a horrible, dirty hole in the wall hotel!  The view was nice but that was all.  The food was overpriced and wasn't even tasty.  The waiter was nice. I didn't realize the hotel/restaurant was down on skid row of Vegas.  Would NEVER go back and wouldn't recommend this to anyone!!!
1	My husband got food poisoning after eating the most expensive steak on the menu...but the view was great.
5	A-1 From Soup to Nuts, Fantastic food, service and atmosphere.
3	We celebrated our one year anniversary here. First be prepared to come early. It took 20 minutes to get to the restaurant. Waiting for the elevator took awhile plus when you finally arrive, you have to wait in a long line before reaching the hostess. After ordering our meal...it took another 20-25 minutes before we got our food. The view was beautiful!!!! We enjoyed it more than the food. The food was good, but a bit pricey for the quality. We've had better at other steakhouse restaurants. Your pretty much paying for the view...not the food. Although our waiter was very pleasant.
3	If you're looking for a fantastic view while you dine, this is the restaurant for you.  It's very romantic.  We arrived with no reservation and were seated fairly quickly.  The whole place rotates, so you get fantastic views of the whole city.The food was fairly expensive, between $35 & $50 a plate.  For four of us, including drinks, it was about $250 with tip.The food was not spectacular, but it was good, you're paying more for the view.  If you're looking for the view, without the high cost to eat, I suggest the twice baked potato.  It was $12, but it was huge, tasty and filling.  The bread they brought was very good as well.
4	We had a fantastic waiter when we dined last week.  We were super worried that we were going to be underdressed because we heard the dress code was strictly enforced but apparently not the issue. There was a pretty wide range of dress but I would still recommend at least business casual.  The gal in the yoga pants whose husband was wearing a bowling shirt kinda threw me off.  It's on the pricy side and the menu is alacarte but our experience was great.  Food was good, views were amazing. Eat slow so you get to make it all the way around!
4	This place is Amazing ! The service is great... Our meal was so yummy and good the vie is a PLUS
3	This was truly the best view of Vegas. However the food left a lot to be desired. It was below average. We ordered filet mignon and rack of lamb...both were blah. The service was excellent!!!I would skip the restaurant in the future and go to the observation deck then bar for happy hour.
3	Recently went with reservations only to be disappointed by our reservations being "non existent" only to be given away to someone else. Quite disappointed
5	Very Pricey, BUT NO REGRETS!!!My husband had the skirt steak and I had the filet. So amazing and I don't know that I could have steak anywhere else again. We also had mashed potatoes, drinks, and desert. Great for a date and a wonderful view of the city. Really makes you feel special.
4	Brought a business group of 10 here last week. We were seated at a window table and naturally the view was exceptional. Especially the lightening show from the thunderstorm. The bar maid and wait staff service was impressive. Acute to the smallest of details. Made the experience very enjoyable.The food - we had the lobster bisque based on other reviews. Yes! Get it!! The presentation to the taste was fantastic.Dinner was a mix of dishes ordered. Several steaks, lamb and seafood. - Lamb, was very tasty but over cooked to request. Asked for med rare and it was well done. I would have sent it back but it was still very tasty so I was OK with it.- Steaks, most had the NY Strip and I heard all highly positive comments. One ordered the rib eye and said it was just OK. Not bad but not great either. He felt it was the type of steak and wished he ordered the strip instead.- Seafood pasta dishes, both gave positive comments I saw some Yelp comments on tepid temp food being served. Not us. Soups and meals all hot. Summary: great atmosphere, epic Las Vegas views, really good food. Also I felt was another bonus was the restaurant is a quick and easy walk from the hotel's front doors. Having been to many LV hotel restaurants with clients, you can find yourself walking for 15+ minutes through smelly, smokey casinos to get to the restaurant. This one was quick and easy.
4	Hi There,Great food with fabulous service. Oh, and the view is unsurpassed. The food price has the admission to the observation deck etc.  Great deal if you look at in that way.  On thing I didn't see in other reviews was the fact you are on a rotating floor which ensures you see the strip at least once every hour and a bit. Have a great time :)CheersIan
3	Okay, you go there for the view and you are not disappointed it is amazing and the restaurant turns! My son got a little motion sick nothing major we just had him change seats so he was not facing backwards from the direction of the rotation and things were better. I wish I could give a half a star rating because 3 stars is not quite enough but 4 is just a little too many. The food was good to almost very good. It was just missing that little extra something that you would expect at the menu prices. We all had steaks they all came out at the right temps but the presentation was lacking. The desserts were very good I would recommend the bananas foster. What really needed work was the wait staff. No communication and a bit standoffish. They offered no recommendations and they all seemed to be hurried. Overall go for the views! Enjoy the food but realize you might not be talking about your meal the next day. It felt like a place it was once really good bit is slipping kind of like the hotel that it is in.
4	We went to dinner at the Stratosphere with our two teenagers. As you can see from any photo on the place, the views are unbelieveable and the rotating experience, especially at sunset, are unparalleled. So, it would be easy for the Strat to rely on its iconic views of Las Vegas and neglect the food and service. Surprisingly, both the food and the service are superb.  Our waiter, Max, was a true dining professional and guided us seamlessly through the experience in ways we didn't even realize we needing guiding. For example, he told us when to expect the "sky jumpers" to appear before us, how to prepare our camera for the best photo and more. He seemed to be working with an experienced serving team that anticipated our every need.I got the tasting menu with filet mignon and it was devine. Daughter got the seafood pasta and is still talking about it. Max even got my 15 year old French fries that were not on the menu and allowed him to share my filet with me.The reason that this isn't 5 stars is not the Stratosphere's fault. I hadn't realized how much I am afraid of heights until dining at the top of 106 floors. Being this high up was actually very stressful and watching the sky fallers jump past our window every few minutes for the entire meal was kind of terrifying. When Max told us we could go upstairs to the open air viewing platform as part of our meal, my husband and daughter eagerly went up to take in the views outdoors, while my son and I waited inside. So while the dinner and service were impeccable, I realize that sky top dining is probably not for me.
2	The view is phenomenal, food can be purchased from any 24 hour diner. Steak no flavor. Mashed potatoes from a box etc....etc......you get the idea, except instead of paying $7.99 for steak you'll pay $60. Typical vegas turn and burn.
4	This is by far one of the fanciest restaurants I have ever been to. The whole room slowly spins around so you never get a bad seat. The food portions are just okay, not great. The service was one of the best I have ever experienced. Our waiter, Jeff, was incredibly kind, very professional and constantly checked on us during our meal.The reason I left off 1 star is for the portions, price and the main reason is that this restaurant and the Stratosphere is in a VERY bad part of town. Me and my Wife accidentally walked down the wrong street in a suit and dress and got harassed by some gang banger. Literally one block later, there is the Stratosphere. This isn't their fault, but it takes away from the overall experience.
5	Amazing and a top of must do list in Vegas!Reserve for a half our before sunset and enjoy the ride... Much better than the High Roller.  The staff accommodated our group of 8 with special birthday requests and beyond. We ordered the tasting menu and it was superb! Seared scallops and Fillet  2 inches thick, medium rare and perfect. Service was spot on and the exterior entertainment was steady.  We will eat here on our next visit.
5	If you're reading this...read no further! Just make a reservation, take your ass to the stratosphere, hop on that  elevator that's more like a rocket ship, eat,indulge and enjoy every second of it!!! (And thank me later with desert). K, bye!!!!
1	Possibly the worst meal I have had in VegasDon't have the Lamb they have no clue how to cook it. Tough and coldService was average I hate places that add 18% to the bill for a table of 6 as the patron has no way of expressing his displeasureThe view is simply not worth it go to the Rio instead
2	The atmosphere is absolutely amazing! The food on the other hand not so much.. We try the four course tasting menu for 90 bucks and we did the wine pairing for an extra 30. 1.Salad was ok 2. Scallops favored really well. 3. Salmon I did not care for it. The pea guacamole was a little lumpy I like it a little smoother. 4. Mini dessert duo (DE creme and mixed berries) ok.....He had the  1. Lobster Bisque 2. Scallops 3. Center cut steak (loved it) 4. Mini dessert duo.Not sure if it was just us but he felt a little woozy once the room stopped rotating (after midnight i think) so we didn't go to the lounge. Went downstairs to play a little.  And once we got in the cab both of us felt very dizzy. Really weird because I never get motion sickness. If they change the menu/ chef I would love to try it again but if not I'll pass.
5	Great, attentive service. I was surprised by my bf for my birthday. The view is great. It takes about an hour and twenty minutes to fully rotate for a complete experience of the view. I was disappointed that they no longer serve bread pudding. I had the twin lobster tails and my bf had the surf and turf. He admits that my lobster was "fresher" than his crab legs but he still enjoyed everything. Oh, the sangria is AMAZING! You may even catch a skydiver or two.
5	I don't think that I can say enough good things about this restaurant. Well, let's start at the beginning. Our reservations were at 8 o'clock, and due to traffic, we did not arrive until about 815pm, and we were worried that our table would not be available. When we arrived and explained our situation, the staff could not have been more understanding. Our server was very friendly, and was exactly what I was expecting. She was very attentive to our needs, and my water glass never got below half. The food was outstanding - also exactly what I was expecting. The views are breathtaking, and the restaurant does not revolve too fast so you don't get nauseous. The Top of the World Restaurant is truly a fine dining experience, and if I ever make my way back to Vegas, I will definitely come here again. It is worth the money!
5	From the minute we walked in and saw the view, I knew this was going to be a good experience.106 floors up, at the top of the Stratosphere in Las Vegas, this rotating restaurant offers the most amazing panoramic views of Las Vegas that I have ever seen (and we visit here quite often from New York).  The restaurant is round in shape with a complete glass wall. It does rotate, taking an hour and 20 minutes to complete a 360 degree view. We were worried that my husband would get sick, but it moves so slowly that you can barely tell. If you make reservations, you can score one of the better seats in the house, a booth facing outwards looking head on at the windowed wall. So I definitely recommend reservations.Food was AMAZING, service was impeccable. Staff acknowledged our anniversary, made it personal and special. Views are stunning. Would recommend 1000x over. I'm so sad we haven't visited this restaurant sooner and will be coming back EVERY time we are back in town.
5	Excellent dinner.  We got there a half our before our reservation and they were able to seat us right away and still got a window seat.  We each had a steak, lobster bisque,  split a wedge salad, and twice baked potato.   Everything was very tasty and we'll cooked.  The service is very good as well.
3	I was excited to try this steakhouse. After all its named TOP OF THE WORLD. Boy was I disappointed. Food was mediocre at best and not much better then McCalls downstairs. The server brought me a steak knife. This is equivalent to putting steak sauce on an steak but this is supposed to be a top level steakhouse. He thought I'd never been given a steak knife like that before and chuckled when I was shocked to see it. I thought that was funny because yes, I was shocked to see it... IN A FINE DINING STEAKHOUSE. Lol. It claims it's steak is wagyu so I ordered it medium. It was medium well and almost well. Was good but I doubt it was really what they said. First off, the price for an 10 oz cut was very very low at $65. I was told that this was where the casino makes its money. If they are selling wagyu steak for that price, I kinda doubt they are making any money on it. The server was really nice just inexperienced. I don't think it's his fault as he is probably told what to say and the head just hopes that the customers will be bedazzled by the rotating room, which BTW, takes an hour to acclimate to if you are near the edge. I felt like I needed a seatbelt while sitting in my chair. Although the atmosphere is cool and the windows are fun to look down through, I was disappointed with the food itself.
5	We very much enjoyed the happy hour. Our food and drinks were perfect. We both ordered two drinks and two appetizers, and we got out of there with a $60 bill! Happy hour is the way to go if you are on a budget, but still want the experience of the Stratosphere. After the sun went down, we meandered out the viewing deck, which was spectacular. This is a "must do" Las Vegas stop!
4	I made reservations here for my hubby's 40th! I as soon as you walk into the restaurant the view is breathtaking. I was impressed with the staff, they were so attentive and friendly. We ordered the lobster bisque that was to die for mmmm I had to mind my manners not to lick the last of the bisque left in the bowl! I ordered the Rib Eye (well done) and hubby the salmon. The only downside was that my server didn't inform me it would take up to 1 hr for my steak to cook and I had tickets for Marc Anthony concert set to begin at 9:30, I thought I has plenty of time reserving our dinner at 7:15, so we were 30 mins late to the concert. I must admit though our food was delicious! It's a nice restaurant for a romantic dinner definitely a plus!
3	Just like the other reviews states, you're paying for the view.  Service was slow for us, at least.  We dined there with another couple (separate tables because of our Restaurant.com gift certificate) and they ate and left at least 30 minutes before us.  Don't get me wrong, our waiter was extremely nice and informative, he just had a lot going on.  The pesto-pineapple butter was delicious!  We ordered soup and salad because we figured, "how can you go wrong with soup and salad?"  I ordered an iceberg wedge with Canadian Bacon and Blue cheese crumbles and a honey Dijon vinaigrette.  My salad was overpowered with blue cheese and the "bacon" seemed to be pieces of fat thrown into my salad. If the review was for the food only, it would be 1 star.  I'm giving the extra 2 stars for the friendliness of our server and for the amazing view.  It was definitely romantic, relaxing, and enjoyable - however, next time we are just coming for the drinks.
5	The view of course is amazing! Food was delicious. My husband had a steak and I had salmon. Be prepared to bring $$$ !
5	Excellent!  Must have reservations...  One of the best dinner ambiances and experience ever!  Fettuccini Alfredo with seafood was delicious!
4	Second time going there was this past Saturday on the 20th. The food was fantastic, as usual. I had the lamb and i must say it was quite tender which was expected for the price. My only complaint is that nobody follows the dress code.  My first time,  i was almost turned away for a hat and went on to see gentlemen in polos and women in tight blue jeans. I would love to be comfortable as well,  don't set "strict" guidelines that are loosely followed.
3	The absolute best views in Vegas. I suggest going in the evening to enjoy all the lights of the city. The customer service was excellent. I would offer more stars if it was not for the price and menu selection. I realize this is a very fancy restaurant and you are paying for the views. But I spent almost $50 on just a steak and two baby carrots....no salad, no other vegetables or side. Just meat. And while the steak was good, I have had much better for much less. I will admit the chocolate wine I had was divine and paired well with my steak. Just wish I had more to eat then just meat. If I ever return it would be simply for the ambiance and dessert. Don't think I would spend that much money on dinner again when there are so many other wonderful restaurants in Vegas to choose from.
2	Always have been a little hesitant about this place because I thought it was more of a novelty location and I should have stuck with my instincts. The bar is a great location as is the view but after that there isn't much to talk about. The oyster on half shell had in the bathroom 20minutes later. The steak was poor quality actually shredded like roast beef. Plus the view is only good actually for the 10 minutes it rotates by the strip after that you have to realize the rest of the valley is pretty dim and not much to look at. Simply said you pay for a ten minute view and not the food or service.
4	Best romantic dinner view.No question. Food fancy pricey and good! An experience to say the least rotating floor takes 80 minutes to go around best time to go at sunset.
4	The view was spectacular and the food was excellent! Our server was very nice and helpful. The only weird thing was the elevator attendant. My girl friend and I rode along side another couple, an older white couple. The attendant asked them where they where from and they said somewhere in the midwest. Then she asked us where we were from and I said "Los Angeles". Then she said by way of which counrty? I paused for a second because I did understand her question. She asked which country of orgin where we from. I guess people from L.A. aren't born in the USA! LOL!
5	Celebrated by 50th birthday October 9th with my husband. We went at 3pm and had the best filet and tail, lunch prices much cheaper than dinner and we just about had the whole place to ourselves. Server very attentive to all our needs.
4	Selected the $90USA per person menu for two people. Cannot fault the service or the view. Although our seats were not by the window, we faced the view from one row back and was not disappointed. The lobster bisque was awesome, my favourite of the meal. Everything was great, including our cocktails. This was a more expensive meal than I usually pay, but was well worth it.
3	The pros: The view. you save about 20$ just for going up. the food was very very good, the service was excellentThe cons: Very overpriced.
5	Sing along with me, "I'm on the top of the world, looking down at creation, and the only explanation I can find..." is that this is the ultimate must do dining experience in vegas. The food and service are top notch. Wine list not as good as last visit, but we found something decent to pair with our meal. Incredible views, rotating restaurant, building jumpers flying past the windows, what is there not to love about this place?
4	I really enjoyed dining here.  I'd made lunch reservations for 11am a couple weeks prior via One Table.  We dragged ourselves out of bed after just a few hours sleep in order to make it there on time.  I try to show up 15 minutes early for everything.  Well, that backfired and led to the only negative aspect of our visit.  The restaurant doesn't open until 11am...and the elevator doesn't start running until 11am.  We showed up early, walked through a gap in the ropes, walked through the metal detector (I even took the metal out of my pockets!), and waited outside the elevator after pressing the call button.  And sat there.  So finally we walked back out to the front, where we were asked to have a seat to wait for the elevator operator.  The elevator staff are, umm, VERY casual, very at odds with the demeanor I'd expect for staff at a restaurant of this caliber (maybe at Joe's Crab Shack).  So, wonderful views of Vegas and surroundings.  Friendly staff.  Our lunch was a leisurely affair.  Our food was very very good, although I found the desserts to be overly sweet.  Sky jump Las Vegas operates out of the level just above the restaurant, so diners are treated to people flying by periodically.  It detracts a little from the ambiance.  Oh, and you could hear the laughing and conversations of the elevator staff and hostesses in the elevator lobby.  However, overall it was an amazing meal.  I'm definitely going back next time I'm in Vegas (and ace|PLAY keeps luring me back with those comps).
5	We went here on Valentine's day on a last minute romantic night. I believe there is only 1 other restaurant like this up on the space needle in Seattle. The whole dining room moves in a complete 360 every hr. So you get diff parts of vegas as you go through dinner. Great date night or romantic night. Not so much if you don't like heights. Great food great service great place to go.
3	I am torn on how to review this restaurant.  We had dinner here on Saturday night.  This restaurant should NOT even be considered if you have any sort of dizziness, anxiety or have ever been car sick.  Metal detector first. We rode up the elevator.  Hated it.  It seemed unsafe.  We were packed in.  The elevator attendant looked up the shaft many times to see if we were going to run into the elevator above us.  Weird and very unsettling to say the least.We get to the top and the service was top notch.  A very beautiful restaurant until you are seated.Ug... immediately we all tried to enjoy, but it was inevitable.  All four of us felt like we were on a small boat out in the ocean.  The space ship ride, bungy jumpers.... just not our scene.  The rotation of the restaurant made eating miserable.  The view was amazing.The food:  I would rate 4 stars.  It was delicious.  the Caesar with white anchovies is a must.  The flank steak melted in our mouth.  The fatty pork app could eat all day and the seafood pasta dish was so worth the trip.  We all love to indulge in wine and cocktails, however, felt too weak stomached to order any drinks.
1	We made reservations for 4:00pm knowing that we had a show to get to around 8:00pm.We were seated near the window as requested and the view was pretty nice.Our waiter was very friendly.Then it goes south from there...We ordered the cold seafood appetizer with extra shrimp instead of oysters. When it arrived there was half of a crab leg already split, large shrimp and both tuna and salmon poke however since both pokes were in the same cup the flavors blended so they should have just stirred it at that point. The salmon was definitely the fresher of the two. For almost $60, you may expect an appetizer to be shareable, well, don't!Moving on to the salad, the wedge had nice flavor and the bacon was a thick cut.An hour and a half after ordering, our steaks came (we knew it was that long because we had already done a full rotation which takes an hour and 20 minutes.)We ordered two steaks, both New York strips which were nice in size.The first was to be a medium well with peppercorn sauce... What came out was a piece of well done with sauce dried to the plate in places. The carrot garnishes were soggy and wrinkly on one side and undercooked on the other.The second was to be a medium rare with a red wine and mushroom sauce...what came out was a medium well steak with the same under impressive carrots.The shared side was to be cheesy au gratin potatoes which came out looking like burnt thanksgiving left overs.We did not have time to have new steaks or sides prepared.The waiter was apologetic and had them removed from the bill which he should have since we did not eat them. However he made it seem like he was doing us the greatest favor.We were staying at the hotel and we loved the stay otherwise.Really disappointing. If yelp had half stars, that would still be too generous of a rating.
1	celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary there-BIG mistake-the view was really the only good part.  Food was fair, prices outrageous, and overall, a very uneventful experience.  Told the manager, who offered to buy us a drink at the lounge-no thanks-couldn't wait to leave.
2	I had high hopes for this place... But believe me when I tell you that the only thing you are paying for is the view and some half ass made food.
5	Any Vegas trip must have a stop here at least once. The food was excellent. We got there planned around the sunset and that worked perfectly. Service was awesome, and we were not rushed to finish dining. Home run. DO IT!.. if you are inclined to do rides before hand those are available also (separate).
5	We had another great dinner at Top of the World at the Stratosphere. They make some of the best lobster bisque we've ever had. We spit a wedge salad and had the lobster Thermidor. Of course the view alone makes it worthwhile but the food is excellent. Nice selection of wine for those who are experienced and novices like us. We come here most times that we visit Las Vegas.
5	Yes, the metal detector before the ride up was a little weird, but whatever, they do it as a precautionary measure since 9/11 because the stratosphere is one of the tallest buildings in Vegas (I asked). ***the floor rotates 360 degrees in an hour, VERY slowly, if you're complaining about sea sickness and dizziness you've got a lot more issues than you think, I'd start with visiting a psychiatrist first. The view is spectacular and the jumpers really don't detract from dinner like all these other people have said, it's actually kinda cool to watch then fly by and the place rotates so it's not like they're in your way during dinner the ENTIRE time.Moving on...Our reservation was for 6:15, we checked in at 6:09 and they gave us a pager, they directed is to the 107 lounge upstairs where we ordered two most delicious dirty martinis, we waited maybe 10 minutes before our pager went off. Nothing ridiculous, it's a nice restaurant you might have to wait a moment, no big deal.We were seated in the booth, which honestly  wasn't right next to the window but instead of having to turn our heads to enjoy the view we got to sit and look straight out; personally I think that was the best seat in the house. Karen was our waitress; she was awesome, her recommendations were spot on! She was cheerful and checked on us frequently but not overly frequently, I hate when servers come back every 2 mins when you've got a mouthful. Haha.What was ordered;Crab cakes, $19 for one  we ordered two and I think it was one of the best crab cakes I've ever had, if not the best!Ordered lobster bisque soup, Karen kindly offered to split the soup for us, which was really nice, and honestly with a 4-course meal the portion was perfect, not too much, not too little and it tasted PHENOMENAL! It wasn't too salty had a slight almond flavor to it, it was just magnificent. By far the best lobster bisque I've had! Better than Ruth's Chris that's for certain.My bf ordered the horseradish crusted ribeye...it was yummy, he ordered it MR and it came out a little more on the rare dude (Karen had suggested it cooked Medium before hand, but he didn't complain and still ate it, it was really yummy)I ordered the filet, it was very tender and at first it was just okay, they had some mushroom sauce over it which personally I think it probably would've tastes better just plain with pepper and butter seasoning like most restaurants do, but as I got more toward the middle it got a lot better. I also had the paired cab with it, and that opened up really nicely.Our sides:Potatoes au gratin - HEAVENLY!Button Mushrooms - Wow!Dessert:Strawberries Romanoff- never had anything like it before but it was light and refreshing, perfect for after a heavy meal, absolutely delectable! It was my Bf's birthday so they brought him out a cute tiny flourless cake and that was orgasmic!Coffee, a bit strong tasting to my liking, but my bf said it wasn't too bad, I had the espresso which was yummy and came with a rock candy to stir and sweeten the espresso, very cute. They also had a photographer there that takes pictures...they're like $45 for two big photos. They came out very nice. For such a fantastic meal and my BF ordering two beers through dinner as well, the bill only came to $250, and with tip $300 which I would gladly go back and pay again the next time I'm in Vegas. :)
5	Absolutely amazing.. impeccable food and view.. I love this place. One of my top three in vegas.
5	such amazing food. & the view was just to amazing if you have not been here you must so romantic if your going on a date !!
5	I love this place. We connected with the chef de cuisine and he made our visit the most memorable dining experience ever. 3 courses and dessert. Plus with the view you can't complain and you'll randomly see bungee jumpers heading down.For starters they brought out some bread with these awesome infused butters. First plate I had sea scallops omg they were to die for. Then the chef brought out pork belly with Chimchurri. Perfect combinations of flavor with every dish. On to my main course I had skirt steak and it was bombbbbbb af! Lastly for dessert we had the triple chocolate cake. It was so rich and moist!I will definitely be coming back here again because everything was so good and the chef was awesome.
4	We had a Restaurant.com certificate and love the view from here so went on Black Friday.    A cab ride from the Monte Carlo cost us $50 so I walked in feeling like I had already spent too much money.   We arrived in time for happy hour at the bar, but it was only for cocktails, not wine, which was disappointing.We had a table by the window which was great as the views are spectacular.   We even were able to see people bungy jumping off the top.    We both started with the lobster bisque soup which was wonderful.   Loads of flavor and actually some ground up lobster.  It was so filling, I could have stopped there.   They had a pasta option which I had never heard of.   Surf and Turf, which was lobster gnocchi and a braised beef.     The lobster chunks were large and tasty.   The gnocchi was way overcooked, but the sauce was very good.   The beef was super tender and the sauce was very good.    My husband had real surf and turf of filet mignon and crab legs.    The crab legs were already split and he said they were some of the best he ever had.  He could only finish half the filet.   We were both stuffed.Our server was very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu.   Yes, we had a great meal, and the views are awesome, but I think it's a bit overpriced.  I could have had dinner (and enjoyed it just as well) for 3-4 nights, for what we paid here.
5	I really enjoyed my dining experience here there is no better way to have dinner at sunset in Las Vegas with a rotating dining floor and seeing the spectacular views on a 360* scale! Service was on point, food cooked and served to perfection and delicious! Fun romantic ambience! Will most definitely return!
4	Best part about this restaurant is the view. Great service but the food was average for the price. They are trying hard to be really fancy but falling just below.
5	I had dinner here for my birthday.  My entire experience with this restaurant was absolutely positive.  The host was very nice, informative, and accommodating.  We were able to sit next to a window, which had an amazing view of the city.  Do note that the view of the strip is limited, but you get a 360 degree view of the city of Las Vegas (the restaurant spins - slowly).  The waiter was very friendly, attentive, and prompt with bringing us our drinks.  I ordered grilled organic chicken, which was very tender and succulent.  My boyfriend ordered the steak, and he said it was the best steak he has ever had - very tender and juicy.  There was an item that I didn't personally like, and I was surprised that (what I think was) the manager came out to check on us.  That just shows they really care about the customer's experience.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant, and I would definitely come back again.
4	What a view!!!! If anything, the view is worth it. I ordered the 10oz filet with wild mushroom sauce, medium rare. When I got the steak, it was delicious except for the fact it was cooked medium. I'm a medium rare to rare girl and trust me this thing was over cooked. The portions aren't big either so don't expect to share unless it's the dessert.
4	Where do I begin?  First of all I love Vegas,there is nothing like it anywhere.  I am lucky enough to visit fairly often for an East Coaster and every time I come to Vegas it is new and exciting.  The view from the Top of the World restaurant is stunning.  It is hard to describe how beautiful it is from the top of this tower.  We were seated in one of the booths facing the windows which was cozy and comfy.  I was in the mood for a good steak so I ordered the filet done medium rare.  The soup of the day was a tomato bisque which was flavorful and a nice way to start the meal.  Our server suggested a Merlot that did not disappoint(thank you Karen).  My steak was tender and delicious,but I do have one minor complaint, I love my food hot and the steak was a bit cool when I received it.  Our server Karen was terrific which made the dining experience even better.  The food was good not over the top fabulous but the view was something I will never forget.
4	The view was amazing.  With it for the view alone.  The food was really good.  The only reason why I gave it 4 stars was because I'm a cheap skate.
5	If you want a fine dining experience in beautiful Las Vegas, this is the place to go.  I always wanted to dine on top of  the world and watch the city lights from below.  We came here around 4 pm, planning to make a reservation for 6 pm, while we spent time doing the crazy rides.  The lady at the booth helped us make our reservation and allowed us to bypass the security lines for the rides since we were their guest.  Upon checking in and requesting a window seat, the hostess said she would send us a text when our table was ready while we waited at the Observation Deck bar.  The hostess did hook us up as we got a nice table overlooking the strip.  Our waiter was friendly and came often to refill our drinks.  We shared a lobster bisque as our appetizer and the waiter even offered to give us two bowls.  The bisque was amazing and creamy.  We also got delicious bread with 3 types of butter.  I think it was normal butter, basil butter and mango butter.  For my entree, I ordered a seafood dish that had shrimp, scallop and lobster with a side of vegetables. I can't quite remember, but it was delicious, just a tad bit salty.  It was definitely portioned a lot better than the Lobster Tail I ordered at Alexander's that left me feeling unfulfilled.The restaurant rotated slowly so that you could see the view of the strip.  It was romantic and refreshing.  My boyfriend joked that if he had a ring, it would have been the perfect place to propose.  We were full by the end of the night, so did not opt for any expensive dessert (especially since they no longer carried the delicious tiramisu that I read about).  When we inquired about any birthday dessert, they did bring out a little lava brownie, which was cute.  It was the perfect dinner to have before watching Le Reve.
4	This is a must do when in Vegas ! I don't see a bad seat in the place....with the rotating dinning area your view of the city constantly changes making for great conversation and cool photo ops. The menu is not cheap and the food quality is in line with prices. One person in my party ordered gnocchi which was way too creamy and rich. Steaks are a good "bet" as well as the salads. Food aside the view is why you want to expire nice this place.
1	Food was good but the service was very very disappointing. We already had our dinner but we wanted to get the experience here. We wanted a seat by the window obviously. When we arrived, there were plenty of empty tables beside the window but they lied that all were reserved (did not see a single person coming and we were there till close). We ordered the appetizers as we were already full. The waiter was very rude. When we told him that we are not interested in main course his behavior changed and we felt unwelcome. He kept pressurizing us to order some main course though we made it very clear that we were not interested. At that point we felt really uncomfortable and we were in half a mind to leave. Finally the food came. I had lobster bisque and the husband had the pork belly. Both were pretty good. After dinner when the check came i signed and then the waiter took it while we were still sitting there. It seems he wanted us to leave as we did not go for the full course dinner. When we were leaving he even stopped me and verified the tip!!!!! At that point I really wanted to make it zero. Overall food was good but way too pricy and attitude of the servers are proportional to the amount of money you are spending!!!
5	This place is a must go when visiting Vegas. I've been to Vegas several time (8) and this is one of my favorites. The view is gorgeous and romantic. The wait was 30 minutes when we arrived without reservations and we didnt mind the wait. We went to the view deck and had drinks.  I ordered the 14oz. Prime New York Steak with Peppercorn Sauce and my husband ordered the Duo of 8oz. Canadian Lobster Tails with White Wine Butter Sauce. The food was delicious. Service was impeccable.
5	First off, this is the nicest restaurant I've ever been to, so I went in with high expectations; and let me just say they were pretty much met. I ordered the wagyu skirt steak medium well. I was blown away. The sauce it was cooked in was wonderful and the steak itself was cooked to perfection and was not tough or anything. I can't explain how good it was. My bf ordered the new York strip medium and his also was made perfectly. It melted in your mouth. The only part I would complain about is our waitress's service took a little nose dive with us after another table of hers blew something wrong with their order completely out of proportion. She became very short with us and didn't seem like she had the time of day for us.Also, if you take the monorail over take a left once you cross the street. Don't go straight. It's kind of a sketchy neighborhood. So honestly I would just take a cab
2	My grilled cheese was not okay. $25 for a grilled cheese and it better be good. It wasn't. The cheese wasn't even fully melted. It was at the rubbery, about to melt stage, but didn't quite make it. All the staff was great except for our waitress. I think she got kind of miffed that we asked for a kids menu for my 15 year old niece who didn't see anything she liked on the lunch menu. We didn't get the kids menu any way because she told us in a rather bitchy tone that it's policy that you must be 12 and under. Fine. So I ask for a dessert menu for my niece. Waitress acted shocked. For lunch!? Jesus lady just give me the damn menu. I've been here before and I am not coming back anymore.
5	Okay, I really love this venue! We sat 855 feet up in the air with a 360 degree view of Las Vegas. The whole restaurant revolves slowly so one can take it all in. I had the lamb. Exquisitely prepared. The restaurant smells so good, and the staff are excellent. Because of the view, this is a 10!
1	I have been to Top of the World many times before but the treatment I received here last week from Roxanne at check-in was so abysmal it actually inspired me to start writing for Yelp again.Roxanne should not be working in customer service. In fact it is my belief she should not be working at all, and should rather be locked up somewhere with no human contact whatsoever. It is a week later and I am still livid, seething even, in response to her incredible rudeness.I complained to the manager about her of course, she seemed like a nice person, but insipid and impotent. I am sure she won't even talk to Roxanne about her attitude.The food is nice at Stratosphere, the view is great, but they really need to sort out their check-in staff. I could not enjoy my meal there at all after the rudeness of Roxanne.
5	This was an amazing dinner and experience. The service was terrific.  The night views were spectacular. Great for family and romantic dinner.
5	Second visit here. It was even better than the first which I thought would be hard to beat. This place is amazing. The prices are high but definitely worth it. The service is amazing. Ask for a booth also. They are very dim and private. My second visit I had to get the pork belly for a starter again because it's delicious and melts in your mouth. For dinner I got the surf and turf with a 1/2 pound lobster tail. Easily the best tasting and quality lobster and steak I've ever had. I recommend this place if you are from out of town or even local for a fancy dinner.
