4	Sushi Bay wow where i can i start. I have been going to this joint for 3 years now...3 years people....in Vegas that is a life time. You have to remember if a restaurant sucks it'll shut, especially sushi bars. This is a great mum and dad style place, it can seat up to maybe 30 people, so make sure you get there early for lunch as it totally fills up.The chefs always welcome everyone through the door with a loud "Irashaimasu", which is always a bit of a shock especially if you are in the middle of a conversation, and of course everyone in the restaurant swivel in their seats to see the new arrivals; and after the usual "hello" back from the patrons, everyone one turns back to their yummy sushi.And finally in my long winded and slightly off track way we get back to the food.....oh dear god....if i had to pick something to eat for the rest of my life it would be their spicy tuna rolls...they are sooooooo good! All of the rolls are beautifully made and presented, the fish is always super fresh and if you get a seat at the bar the chefs will show you all the different uncooked wobbly bits of fish that they use in their creations.They have the usual sushi and sashimi fare which are all totally excellent, but they have a "special" menu including the fabled "touchdown" rolls (if i told you what was in it, i would have to kill you!) and for those on an low carb diet, rice free sushi!!! Amazing!What else can i say about Sushi Bay? The hot green tea, is fresh and constantly refilled by the super attentive waitstaff and the Edaname is fab with just the right amount of sea salt.Go try it....I've eaten in many different sushi restaurants in Vegas and this place is defiantly the best. Great food, great atmosphere, great staff and all for a great price!
4	i was skeptical at first to try sushi in las vegas because it is in a middle of a desert. i was pleasantly surprised because it is really good and fresh. they have 20+ rolls to choose from, and the prices are very reasonable ($5 to $12 per roll). nigiri sushi about $1.95 a piece. AND they "super white tuna" (not albacore)..which is my favorite sushi fish. the place is small, and quaint...a friendly neighborhood joint...seats 20-ish people. i will definitely try again while i'm here!edit: if you're hungry, definitely go for the $21.95 all-you-can-eat. most of the sushi, rolls, and appetizers are on the menu. everything is made to order too!
5	This sushi restaurant is very good.  I have been to a few of them here in Vegas, this is by far the best one I have eaten at.  All of the sushi is very fresh and the chefs are very nice and fast and good at what they do.  The all you can eat price is $21.95, lunch or dinner.  All the appetizers that are included are very good.  There are a lot of rolls to choose from the menu.  The nigiri is always fresh.  Garlic tuna, albacore, cajun albacore, super white tuna are the best in the city.  This place is very small and will get packed fast.  The sushi bar seats about 8 people.  The baked and tempura rolls are very good too.
4	7 words...All-you-can-eat-sushi-to-order!Wow.  Not the best sushi I have ever eaten but when it's all you can eat for $21.95, what can you really complain about?  You can practically order anything.  Any roll, any nigiri, any hand roll, whatevs!  It's like a sumo wrestler's wildest fantasy!Great staff.  The sushi chefs are friendly and funny.  Always good to have a chat with some good peeps while downing some raw fishes.They are also open til 1 am on the weekends!  WTF!!!  I dunno where in California you can get sushi past 10 pm!  Not only all you can eat but late night too???  Be still my heart peoples...A definite recommend when in Vegas.  A little drive off the strip but worth it.
5	Okay, so I've eaten a lot of sushi at a lot of restaurants and this place is my #1 favorite place. Here are the reasons.1. The variety - So many sushi restaurants just don't have that much variety. So many places have like 20 rolls to choose from and that's it. This place has at least 50! at least...2. The imagination - There are so many combonations of veggies, rice, and fish. Other places have the same ol' rainbow roll or unagi with avocado roll. This place has amazing combos. the Dynomite is amazing! I've never heard of this anywhere! (The name may be the same but the actual roll is completely unique)3. It's delicious - I haven't met a roll here that I though, ick or Meh.  I've been places and ordered the Spider roll (see the same ol same ol) and it be kinda gross like it was sitting there for a day. But not here, the food is all tasty!4. It's not expensive - It's pretty reasonable! even the fancy rolls aren't expensive.5. Pleasent atmosphere - this is where I would go for lunch with friends, not dinner with a hot new date and a Vegas show.All in all, this place is AMAZING!!!
5	BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT IN VEGAS. The quality is high. The chef's are creative, friendly, and informative.Once you get to know the guys they are really good to you. I've been to Matsuhisa, Suji No Hana and for lets see about 1/12 of the price if your lucky you can enjoy a lot of great food and walk out overly satisfied. This place clowns any other all-you-can eat sushi in vegas! And beats most the "high end" joints in town where you will spend 80.00 each. Granted you want to spend 250.00 each you'll enjoy more technical "sushi". But I'll guarantee you these guys will keep you satisfied until you ready for the 300-500.00 plunge!
1	Should be advertised as: ALL-WE-WILL-MAKE-YOU-EAT.Yes, I eat a lot of sushi. Yes, the sushi here is good. Yes, it is all-you-can-eat for $21.95... For that, you would think there would be more stars, BUT READ THE FINE PRINT... YOU GET CHARGED FOR WHAT YOU DON'T EAT, INCLUDING THE EXTRA BITS OF RICE LEFT BEHIND.I can understand that if you order like 8 rolls and leave several pieces from each, it's a waste, but that was NOT the case for us. Out of the 4 of us, 3 (myself included) ordered all-you-can-eat, so they were already getting a decent amount of $ from us. What we didn't appreciate is that EVERY TIME the guy came to our table he would warn us that we HAD to finish EVERYTHING. "We charge extra for leftovers," or, "We charge extra for uneaten rice," or, "I told you we charge extra, right?" The worst part was, if he wasn't at our table warning us, he never stopped staring at us. He would stand at his podium and WATCH us eat. Then he'd go back to his sushi chef and make comments in Japanese. Specifically, he kept his eyes on me and it made me lose my appetite. He seriously made us feel like we were trying to pull some scam; it was ridiculous. Who wants to be stared down and made to feel uncomfortable while they're trying to eat? I've been a server and bartender for 5 years, and I NEVER treated any of my customers (even the deserving ones) the way the server there treated me. I'm a laid-back person and I'm generous with my reviews, but this was, by far, my WORST sushi experience. I will not be back.
1	FOR THOSE THAT LIKE SALMON FLAVORED CHEWING GUM...I've had Krab with a K before but not Phish with a Ph (as in PHOOEY!) A group of friends and I went to The Ka on a Wednesday night and they were closed for construction so we Yelped for an All-You-Can-Eat Sushi (AYCES) place near by. Here is a prime example as to why you cant rely on a Four Star rating when there are only seven ratings. Of the ratings, three were from locals, four from visitors. We Vegas locals take the AYCES trend for granted, but most major cities don't have a lot of AYCES places. When a FOUR STAR review starts like this:"7 words...  All-you-can-eat-sushi-to-order! Wow.  Not the best sushi I have ever eaten but when it's all you can eat for $21.95, what can you really complain about?"can you really rely on a review like that? NOT ME! I can excuse the visitors that are enchanted by their first AYCES experience (And who can't? It's like the time you popped your cousin's cherry at church camp!), but I've got seven words for that reviewer: "Glutton! It's all about the raw fish!" But it's the locals and those that call this "the best in Vegas" and "high quality" that leave me speechless. For the woman who has been going to this joint for three years (THREE YEARS!!!) here's a bit of advice: Get a date, have him take you out to another respectable AYCES place like The Ka, Sushi Mon, or I Love Sushi, and DISCOVER THERE IS A WHOLE NEW WORLD OUT THERE. Good God, it's like a Mormon who has his first Silver Bullet and thinks he's found the Nectar of the Gods. WALK THE TWO MILES TO THE KA and discover fishy yumminess. You could use the walk after eating so damn much!Look, there are literally over 100 AYCES joints in Las Vegas, and they range between $21.95 and $27.95. There are some decent places in the $21.95 range, but hell, it's SUSHI, pay the extra few dollars and go to a GREAT PLACE LIKE THE KA!The ambiance was the same minimum standard in the valley. It's a good thing I didn't come to eat the decor, because there wasn't any to look at, let alone eat. The sushi bar had 7 stools and they could seat another 30, maybe. At least the place was clean.But let's get down to the REAL reason we are here: TO CONSUME A TON OF RAW FISH. Why else are you going to get so excited to eat at an endless trough for $21.95? If you want to just stuff your gullet, go to one of the Station Casinos' Feast Buffet for 2/3 the price and roll yourself home. WE ARE HERE FOR THE FISH, BABY!Well, at least, that is why I WENT there, but I won't be going back there for the fish. My #1 marker for a good sushi joint is the Salmon, and my girlfriend (former LA food critic) goes by the Yellowtail. While the Yellowtail was passable (but still not "good"), the SALMON SUCKED. Wrigley's makes a much tastier chewing gum and it ain't $21.95, either. You know how good salmon looks, that beautiful orange color with as little of the white marbling as possible? Well, apparently they don't at Sushi Bay. Not only was it heavily marbled which made it less than favorable texture, but it had a lot of that brown stuff which is too close to the skin and is just out-right chewy. BLECH. Sadly, it didn't even have that good salmon taste. It was very bland and watery. And they are STRICT and annoying as hell constantly telling you (maybe even threatening you) that they'll charge you for anything you don't eat, so I got stuck eating 10 pieces of bad salmon. Grrrr. The menu has a good variety of rolls, but that's typical for almost every sushi place in Vegas these days. The rice was mushy and they use WAY TOO MUCH RICE in the rolls. Only a few were passable. I never get Lobster Rolls in anything but the very expensive joints because THINK ABOUT IT: do you think they can afford to give you GOOD lobster roll for anything less than $20 a roll? Hell no, most places are using the lowest quality lobster just so they can say they have one. And no surprise here at Sushi Bay, it sucked. And of course they are going to suck, as the quality of the fish is rotten. Even the seaweed in the miso soup was chewy, not the light, delicate stuff found in good sushi joints.Look, you don't have to take my word for it. There are six other people who recommend this place. If you've read my review and the others and you still want to check it out, I HIGHLY ENCOURAGE you to do so. And then come back here and mea culpa and we can go to The Ka together and have some REALLY GOOD SUSHI THERE.Now, bring me a bucket!
4	I really love eating here! The fish is always fresh, & you always know to expect it. Yeah- the presentation isn't elaborately crazy, but the sushi speaks for itself. It's consistently good food- without any of the unnecessary frills.The only thumbs down I have would be the host that seats you. I don't expect too much, but I mean- a smile wouldn't hurt right?
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I go here to eat sushi, LOVE IT!
4	This is one of my favorite sushi places close to home! The food is always good and the price is right. It is always the same two guys making the sushi and I really like that.It is not a fancy sushi place but the food is always good. I like to call it cushi sushi because I am so comfortable there :)
5	From Summerlin to Henderson, Sushi Bay is the best Sushi bar that i've been to in the greater Las Vegas area. The fish is extremely fresh and they offer all you can eat for a great price. With 50+ rolls, you're bound to find something you'll love. Well worth the money and the drive!
3	Its a-ok...my gf loves this place.....all because of their lasagna sushi roll. I dont really care for it.(She loves cheese, and this rolls has lots of warm gooey cheese)  The place is small, probably can seat  no more than 30 people. Service is good, the sushi comes out in a timely fashion. I have not tried the all you can eat yet, but the rolls I have ordered before were decent.  If you dont like the food here, it's right next to a Thai place, Dairy Queen,Port of Subs and Taco Bell!
4	I come here pretty regularly and the food is consistently fresh and tasty. This small, no-frills restaurant offers all-you-can-eat, but I usually stick to ordering a roll or two, plus a few pieces of nigiri. The prices are reasonable, as well (check the menu posted outside of the restaurant for the most recent prices). I would not recommend this place for large groups, but if you're looking for a quiet sushi restaurant in the SE part of the valley, this place is good.
3	This place is small... Service is slow. And there's a particular waitress that really doesn't give a damn and you just know she hates her job. Sushi presentation and flavor differ every time we come here. But the fish tastes fresh. Our favorite is the touch down roll and tiger roll.We would be here more often if we were more welcomed.
5	Sushi Bay has been my favorite nearby Sushi joint for over 5 years now.  The staff is courteous and friendly, I have no complains about the service (and I have been here A LOT)..it has always been consistently on par. When they do get slammed it gets a little backed up, but that is understandable for such a tiny hole in the wall place. The sushi chefs are great and a lot of fun to chat with as well.On to the sushi....Paradise roll..it's like a redneck of sushi rolls but it is damn delicious. .. shrimp tempura, cream cheese, avocado with their spicy yum sauce and coconut flakes. My personal favorite is Romeo...it's a less hectic and more spicy take on the Paradise roll. There are so many different choice and variations of sushi on the menu. The fish is relatively fresh and the prices are reasonable, although by no means cheap. Paradise roll is $11.50 I believe, making it the most expensive roll on the menu. The chefs are also accommodating...if you ask them to recreate a roll you like from elsewhere, they will do it.  Being that I am such a fan of Sushi Bay and highly recommend it..I am not sure what took me so long to write a review!
3	Decent selection of slightly better than average quality of fish. The place isn't all that clean and needs a remodel. Wait staff is very hit or miss. AYCE price is $21.99 for both lunch and dinner. Could do worse but ok in a pinch.
2	i used to go here all the time when i first got into eating raw fish. ordered take out for a sashimi platter and sashimi salad. the fish was not fresh and the portions for the platter were way too tiny for the price of $10. sashimi salad was a little on the spicy side. if you like sushi, you can definitely eat somewhere else!
3	Sushi bay has excellent food and price is good. But their best sushi chef chase has left. Everyone else there is unfriendly and rude. They have all you can eat sushi for $21.99 If you order too many rolls they slow down the service and are rude even if you tip well. All the chefs are always in a bad mood and mock the customers and insult you in their own language. They always complain of working too many hours and then gambling all their money staying up all night. The food is great and the price is good but there are no customer service skills there!!!
4	Great little quiet place. The Romeo roll and Jalepeno roll alone are worth going for! Great service, very friendly staff. 21.99 for all you can eat dinner, need I say more!?!
4	Not bad, not bad, check it out.OK!  If you are going for all you can eat sushi, then this probably means  you like the complicated so many flavor and stuff type of sushi. In this case, this place is just fine and you cannot go wrong.1.  For a lunch place, it is perfect. Just the right size, not too crowded and roomy.2.  Parking - Easy Strip Mall Parking.3.  Car Wash - No, just kidding, but hey, you can drop your car off at the Chevron across the street , have it washed and enjoy a good sushi meal.3.  Pricing - Just right at 21.99 all you can eat.4.  Quality - No bad!  Now I am more of a traditionalist when it comes to sushi and prefer the basic Nigiri Sushi style with the seafood on top of rice.  However, I can and will enjoy the American invented sushi rolls and here they are tasty and inventive.  the Screaming Orgasm is very tasty and different!  I enjoyed everything that we ordered!5.  Service - Just right amount of service. Just right amount of help!Side note, being of asian persuasion, I am quite sensitive to the cleanliness of the bathroom. The ole adage is that if the bathroom in the Chinese restaurant is clean, the food is bad.  Well, here,the bathroom is quite good and the food is good. So, it is a Win-Win!!!Check it out.
4	Consistently good service, reasonably priced, high quality. This is my favorite casual sushi place in the city.
5	Was in town for 3 days and ate here every single day! The new chefs are amazing. Yellowtail sashimi was bomb especially since they cook the collar after you finish the sashimi. Great price for AYCE sushi. Rolls were delicious...jalepeno roll, brooklyn, Viagra to name a few of my favs.  A must when coming to Vegas.
3	Now, I've only made sushi once in my life and it was what could only be described as a failure, but my rolls didn't fall apart! Maybe I was using some frowned upon, cheater technique, I don't know. . . But it seems to me if you are a sushi chef you should be able to make food that's not a complete drag to eat.All joking aside though if you're not afraid to wrestle with your food it will be a delightful experience because there's something for everyone here and the food is fantastic!
2	Food was good, thinly sliced, but good. Unfortunately, my one and only experience here was horrible. We (6 of us) were one of only two tables being served and ordered AYCE. The sushi chef did the normal greeting at most sushi restaurants, but didn't smile once the entire time. Our server did an okay job. Although, she reminded us that they charge or left overs. Are you kidding me? This ain't my first rodeo with AYCE sushi. Anyway, when we ended up being the only table left, the sushi chefs were talking smack about us in Japanese. I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected. Going back to Yama off Flamingo/Maryland and for good reason - It's worth the drive, price, service, and overall experience. If they food wasn't that good here, but the service was decent, I'd even give a better rating.
1	Horrible. We used to go here all the time but now there are new owners and this place has gone down hill. The rolls fell apart and the fish was sliced thin. We had ayce and the waitress let the plates keep piling up on the table. Never going back, so many better choices in town
5	This place is a hidden GEM!  Just moved to the area and the all-you-can-eat dinner special for $24 is amazing.  They don't limit the items, or pile on the rice like other all-you-can-eat places.  The fish is fresh and the sushi chefs are really talented.  I've been here 3 times in the past month and the baked green mussels and oyster shooter are the best I've had anywhere.  That means better than dozens of other sushi restaurants I've been to all over North America.  Friendly Staff and great food.  You can't beat that!
5	This place is love at first bite!
2	If you eat-in it is amazing here! Easily 4 or 5 stars. But when you order delivery the food and service get lousy! So spare yourself the heartache and disappointment and eat in!
4	I really like this place as a lunch spot.  It's a bit small and can fill up with customers pretty fast; however the service doesn't seem to suffer a bit. Last time I was there, the bar was full and all but one table was occupied, and the staff still constantly made sure to refill my water and check on my hot tea.There were also enough sushi chefs working that I never had to wait more than 30 seconds for the next thing to come out on my AYCE order.  I prefer mostly the nigiri and a few standard rolls so I can't comment on some of the speciality rolls they offer.  I also think the lunch AYCE might be one of the cheapest in town at $17.95.  I will definitely be back soon for lunch.
4	This is my first sushi visit in Vegas, but I really enjoyed myself. Ice cold beer, hot tea, cold sushi, hot soup. Their "chef sushi special" was fun; I can't eat a lot of "all you can eat", but this was perfect for a sushi noob. It was a nice "safe" California roll that I could go to between bites of "surprise" rolls.This was pretty much perfect for me since I've only had sushi about 10 times so far after deciding I like it as an adult. So if you ask me what I like...I couldn't tell you. "the brown ones with the little red specks" or "the pink with the green and yellow" are typical answers I might give you. So I really enjoyed this for exploring.The place is affordable and low-key. Nice place for lunch and nice place for a chill beer and sushi after work. I've never felt belchy or gross after eating here 3 times (and none of those times having any idea what the hell I was eating) which is a pretty good mark for me. I'll probably definitely go back when I want some cheap good sushi.
4	I really liked this place. I've been there twice and still have a lot of rolls i still want to try. The menu is extensive!Both times I ordered the AYCE. The menu includes Soup selections, Appetizers, and even some noodle and rice dishes. The quality was definitely on point and they let you order half rolls which is good. The nigiri is really small, but no big deal. I will be back!
1	Horrible! Don't go to this place... with the new owners they probably changed chefs as well. They suck big time! Mochi was ice frozen... when we complained about the quality of sushi & how hard the Mochi was they didn't care. Horrible! Stay away from this sushi joint!
5	This is my favorite sushi joint in Vegas.  i CRAVE it when I'm at home in California and make sure to visit at least once when I am in town.It's pretty cheap and very fresh.  Service is good.Japanese lasagna- yum
1	Worst service ever. Looked up menu online to order take out. Had not updated their menu and many rolls were no longer available. I told the guy on the phone I'd call back with a new order. When I called back they didn't pick up the phone. WTF! Don't offer "to go" when your online menu is outdated and you are too lazy to answer phone
1	Weak. This place has gone down hill fast in the last year. The fish was not fresh -- the salmon had dark patches all over and the rolls kept falling apart. The chefs weren't even trying it seems, and the place was practically empty. I was a loyal customer for 5+ years, but with so many sushi options in this town there is no reason to settle for poor quality and mediocre service.
4	They have good deep fried california crunch roll. I enjoyed it.!
4	Right down the street from my apartment and SO delicious. Everything from their California Rolls to their Mango Mochi was perfection. I was stoked to see they even sold tamago, which is a rare find nowadays in sushi joints. Definitely recommend Sushi Bay!
5	I had 5 pieces of salmon. They were so fresh, thick and buttery! So much flavor. The chef came to my table and told me that it was the salmon belly, that is what I shall order everytime now! Also I ordered the paradise roll, its my new fav. Its amazing, pretty genius. I've never had coconut shrimp in a roll, only shrimp tempura. The roll had coconut shrimp, fresh salmon, cream cheese, avocado, coconut flakes and spicy yum yum sauce. I can't wait to go back. They have one of my other favorites on the menu as well, The japanese lasagnia! Its really good. UPDATE: THE SEX BOMB is now my favorite! And when you do the all you can eat they do half rolls and give away free soki!
4	My personal favorite sushi in this town!  All you can eat is well worth it.  The specials are always worth a try (Kiss of Fire should make it on the full time menu!!).  Service is never anything but attentive even when super busy.  Last but most important food quality is fantastic and super consistent.
4	I highly recommend this place. I love sushi and this is one of my favorite sushi spots in Vegas. If you get all you can eat for dinner you get free hot sake! I would recommend going for lunch the AYCE is only around $18.00.
2	I'm a fan of both rolls, nigiris and appetizers. Rolls are good but you can do some half order and some not. Nigiris, oh no. TOO MUCH RICE!  and the fish is thinly sliced. Ugh.Appetizers are good size. Ice cream? Why does it come in a plastic cup? Like as if it was pre-packaged. Ehhh...I'd come back here if I was hungry and desparate...for rice.
5	I was around the area and decided to stop by. I must say, this place is one of the least expesive all you can eat sushi places in town and the food doesn't dissapoint. The friendly head sushi chef recommended the paradise roll and it truely was one of my favorite sushi roll ever. It had a coconut shrimp with shreaded coconut on top. I'm normally not a fan of coconut but it went really well with the roll. I alway base my rating on the nigiri's and I must say, they were nice and thick with little rice. I can eat the salmon all day. Definitely get your money's worth here. The server was extremly nice, always checked on me if everything was o.k. and refilled my drinks promptly. I would rate this place higher than the other places in town and although I live accross town, the cheapest price in town definitely will make the drive worth it.
5	My wife and I recently discovered this place.  The guy making the food asked us if we were spontaneous, we said yes, he asked if we are allergic to anything, then he started making us rolls without knowing what we liked.  It was she of the best sushi we ever had.  He also made a very unique veggie roll that me wife says was to die for.  Jyn (pronounced June) was the name of our guy, he was a master at his craft, fast too.   It's small and cozy, which we liked.  I took some to go spicy rolls but let him craft it his way and I was not disappointed.
4	This place is a little gem, whole in the wall. I love to come here with a group of friends for the All U Can Eat. We pretty much have sampled almost everything on the menu and have narrowed down our favorites. We love the Mexican Roll, Pink Lady Roll and Spicy Tuna (with spicy tuna on top). The place is small but we haven't had a problem getting a table.
5	100% definitely 5 stars.......I just got back, I didn't get the waitresses name, but it was 3/20/13 Wednesday around 4:00 pm. SHE WAS THE PERFECT WATRESS!!!!!!!!!!! I took my daughter and a friend of hers who is a boy/man and we were all 100% happy...The food 100% The service 100% the interior maybe 80% But it dosnt matter it was clean and we felt at home.....The costumer next to us were having a great time too! Did I mention we got, ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI? $23 something (This is my 1st time at all you can eat sushi, Ive went to sushi places 100s of times though.) Never felt rushed, felt like they were happy to have us there....If you go I hope you get the same treatment and great sushi as we did....Oya The AYCES menu has a HUGE selection and I was surprised how many choices you get sushi and a lot of not sushi stuff and dessert...
4	A few of us decided to go eat sushi after pulling a super long day at work.  I've been here before and liked the food.  It was close so we said why not?!It's a hole in the wall type place on the corner of Pecos and Warm Springs.  Not very many seating, however, every time I've visited the location, I've always been seated right away.  Because of the small floor, they usually have only one server at a time.  If there are big parties, it can take a while before they come to your table.  We usually get the same thing:  All you can eat for $23.95 per person.  Can I just say how wonderful of an idea that is!!  You get an entire menu, front and back to choose from.  I usually go for the side orders and if any sushi, from the Nigiri section I strongly feel getting your money's worth is important.  I don't ever want to be weighed down by lots of rice.  Here's somethings I love from the menu:Shrimp Tempura:  batter is light and super crispy.  The dipping sauce is lightly salted and sweet at the same time.  Works well with the shrimp.Teriyaki chicken:  comes in a cast iron mini skillet sizzling!  It sits on a best of sliced onions and Teriyaki sauce.  Love!Bacon Wrapped Scallops:  Small little bite sizes of mini scallops and salty bacon.  Yum!Sweet Amaebi Shrimp nigiri sushi:  Comes with 2 per order, per customer.  The shrimp is sweet.  Works well as a bite sized sushi piece.  This dish is served with the deep fried heads as well.  That was a huge surprise, not into eating shrimp heads so I was kind of grossed out LOL.Soft Shell Crab:  The whole crab, battered, deep fried and cut into 4 huge pieces.  You can eat the whole crab.  The tangy and lightly spicy dipping sauce really works well.Fried Gyoza:  Pork filled fried dumpling with a great soy dipping sauce.  Hamachi Nigiri:  Love this white yellowtail sushi option.  Not too much of a fishy taste to it.  Really good!If you're ever in the area, come down and get your sushi fix on.  Overall, this place is actually pretty good.  I would definitely come back and get the All You Can Eat option!!
4	I'm not usually a fan of all you can eat sushi but I do have to say that this place has good all you can eat sushi for a great price.  I moved to Vegas last summer and this was the first sushi place I came across as it was in the same plaza as where I go grocery shopping.  It's not incredible but, for the price, it's pretty good.  The staff is friendly and has come to know who I am, which I love since Vegas has some of the meanest people I have ever met.
5	Best all you can eat sushi ever!!! Try the Japanese Lasagna & The Philly Crunch Roll.
5	All time favorite sushi spot in Vegas. I've been coming here for years, it's always my go to spot. They have AYCE for 23.95 for dinner. They are usually always busy when I arrive but there's always a spot hidden somewhere to sit. Whenever I go I always choose to sit at the bar because the service is quicker and it's always fun to talk to the chefs while they are making the rolls.Since their AYCE menu is so vast I've tried everything I've dared to eat and have not been disappointed. Their poke bowls are on point. You can decide how hot you want the sauce to be which is awesome. Hawaiian roll is also another favorite and their dessert selection is good (frozen cheesecake squares yum!)if you are looking for a hole in the wall sushi joint this is the place to go. Try it yourself.
3	My friend recommended this place to me as a quick, small Sushi place.  I tried it for the first time the other day and it was pretty good. AYCE for about $23.95.So far my favorite roll is the Sweetheart, shrimp tempura, crab meat and special sauce. When my friend ordered it I wasn't expecting it to be anything special, but I was definitely surprised. It's really good.We didn't really get our money's worth on this trip as we only ordered about 2 rolls each, but I definitely plan on going back with a bigger appetite next time.
4	This place is on hit legit. The sushi culture has become so main stream and expensive that its just gotten ridiculous. When I eat sushi I want good rolls and fresh fish. I seem to end up going to places where things are average but the prices are ludicrous. Those places usually have the staff dressed up as Geishas and something in a traditional Japanese gi like a scene from enter the dragon. This place not so much. It's small and never really crowded. Some people may look at it and wonder why but to me it means that they don't need smoke and mirrors to entertain would be customers. I dig sitting at the bar. The chefs will put on anything on the TV. It's a plus during baseball season because you can stuff your face for 9 innings while catching a game. Everything is good. I've yet to have something I wasn't a fan of. Then again if your a sushi person your probably down to try anything. My advice drop in with an appetite its worth the price.
4	This place has all you can eat for slightly cheaper than the norm but every bit as good as the other places around. They have the Paradise roll and its the bomb. It's consistently good. The one thing about this place is that the atmosphere is lacking. They use a cheap boom box for background music and the bathroom really needs to be upgraded.
5	Basing this review on my most recent visit for a quick lunch. The salmon nigiri was fantastic and fresh as was the tuna sashimi. The prices were reasonable and the chef did a fantastic job. The awful cranky waiter was no longer there so they may have changed ownership. I will have to go back for dinner, but for now I have to upgrade them based on the awesome sashimi and nigiri.
5	Anyone who didn't like this place has no idea what they're talking about. Been eating here since I moved to Vegas. I've tried all the big name places and the fancy, expensive places...but keep coming back for the freshness. Seriously, fresh and yummy (aka "not dry!"). $20 ayce for lunch and $24 ayce dinner! I've gotten all of my friends hooked on it, too and we now have to get "a fix" at least every other week.
4	I've been coming here for a couple months now & I like this little spot. Not a big place but true food & atmosphere makes up for it. Can rarely go wrong with the AYCE sushi! I read a lot of reviews & it's even posted on the menu about not eating all of your food they'd charge you for it; well I just don't know about that, I haven't experienced it yet. I'm not sure what my response would be lol.. They have a great variety if rolls & I've yet been able to try them all.. Two if my favorites is the Brooklyn Bridge & the Wet Dream.. Nothing like provocative sushi names in Vegas! lol if you're looking for a decent sushi location without all the fancy ish... this is your spot..
5	For some reason this is my favorite sushi restaurant at the moment. I've tried many others around Vegas & something about the vibe of this place just feels right. It's not too "classy feeling" which I prefer. I like to come in & eat. That's it. I'm not into all the fancy things all the time when I'm wanting sushi. And this location fits the bill perfect. I can walk in, be seated, order sushi on the sushi check sheet, orders come out & it's delicious. Plain & simple. I don't feel under dressed with jeans & t/shirts, and personally I haven't had any issues with the staff. Maybe then my review will turn south lol.
4	Excellent Sushi... You gotta try the cucumber rolls.
4	The food is pretty awesome and the service is great..but the only thing is once they feel you reached you ayce limit they start packing the rice..can't stand that and for that you get 4 starsThe price for ayce is great though 23.95 you can't beat it
4	Sushi Bay is by far one the best sushi spots in Las Vegas. It's just a small little place but nice atmosphere. The chefs are really nice too. We always get the all you can eat and order half rolls so we can try more things. The paradise roll is my favorite and the baked mussels are to die for! I usually do two orders of the mussels. Sadly I can't give my favorite sushi place 5 stars because the service by the waitresses is terrible!!!! Every time we hope it's not bad service but it is.
5	I stopped in here from Chicago and couldn't have been happier I did.  AYCE was only $23.95 for dinner and that included uni and even an order of toro! The place is small and unpretentious - a very laid back atmosphere.  I definitely made the right decision in sitting at the sushi bar as Chase, the sushi chef, was very attentive and engaging.  I was lucky enough to try a couple of his "specials" and, in looking back, I should've asked if they had an omakase option because I'm sure it would be amazing coming from such a talented and imaginative sushi chef.  If you haven't already, Sushi Bay, is definitely worth stopping by.  I just wish there was a place like this close to home!
2	My hubby and I have gone here a few times before. Granted sushi was good but always felt like being rushed to get us out especially this last time we've gone. Must I say that we got the lunch AYCE for $19.95 and we still had about 15min. Of our limit AYCE time and the chef/owner had asked us if we wanted dessert already not if we would liked to order something else. Now, since this happened to me couple times I feel all weird out about this place and I will see other options of eating else where, where we are not being rushed to leave....
4	This is a tiny sushi joint but very solid.  The servers are very polite and nice, and the sushi chefs are fast and skilled at their jobs.  I really enjoyed their hot foods, and some of the rolls are hit or miss.  The nigiri is fantastic, and the quality of fish is up there with many of the other sushi restaurants
2	We have been here many times but tonight's ayce experience made us think about not going back there again. Food servers acted like they did not want us there. Felt like being rushed out. They missed a couple of our orders on the ayce list.  My last order was the dancing eel. It was not served to us yet and the waitress was already giving us the check. We felt like they wanted us out so we paid and left without getting our last order. Been in the food beverage industry for almost 10yrs. Would never treat my guests this way. Makes me sad since they have really good sushi. I
5	Sushi Bay is one of the best AYCE places in Vegas.  The chefs are great!  After only a few times in they already had half of our order memorized.  The sushi is always very fresh and the 911 roll is AMAZING!  Pricing is right on point with AYCE being around $20.  Don't take my word on it, check it out for yourself!
5	I would call myself a regular at this place... Sushi is alway so fresh.. Great service... I've ordered a majority of everything on their menu.. My favorite is the Brooklyn Bridge and the Sun of a Beach... Just so good.. I only wish I didn't get full because I would eat those all day... I always get their fried Potstickers and shrimp... Yumm Yumm Yumm
2	Let me start with the actual food was AMAZING. BUT I cannot decide what was colder the restaurant or the service. This was my first time here and i will definitely give it a second try given how amazing the food was and the price was reasonable. I work in the service industry and understand the importance of customer service. But if i get the same result the second time, the fact of there being bad servoce might just be enough to deter me from ever going back. Disappointing.
5	I really enjoy this place. Came here with a friend and I have been hooked to since then. The restauranr is small and cozy. The sushi chef's and waitresses are really nice. When I come here I always get the seaweed salad and veggie tempura. The tuna poke is good as well. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Great little sushi bar that seats about 20 including the bar that sits about 6, which is why I rated this a 4 because of small space, other than that, the food was amazing. Atmosphere was cute, decorated with traditional Japanese decor like in Japan, felt comfy. Waitress was really nice and friendly and took our order right away, never askedFor anything, all refills kept on coming along with napkins. Hubby and I got the all you can eat which was $23 dinner, and for lunch I believe it's $19, by far the cheapest sushi bar I've been to! All you can eat menu had a large variety of different kind of sushi, including specialty sushi, baked sushi and deep fried. My absolute favorite was the "Sushi Bay" roll. It's a must to try that. Also the "Super White Tuna" so fresh and creamy. I will most definitely come back for more. Give this place a try, I guarantee you'll leave happy and satisfied and possibly full.
5	Not only is this my favorite sushi place ever, it is my favorite restaurant!!! We have made it a tradition to come every weekend because the experience is perfect!! The food is amazing, the service is always great, the variety is plentiful & the price can't be beat!! I am looking through pictures dreaming of going tomorrow!! Hubby's favorite are the Paradise roll & Japanese lasagna. Mine favorite are the Rock n roll, seafood salad & garlic edamame! Yum!!!!!
3	The restaurant is very small so try not to come with a large group. All you can eat is $25, and you can order anything on the menu (limited to one desert). Make sure you finish everything you order or they will charge you for the rolls you did not eat.
5	Just went here tonight and for the first time not sitting at the bar the service was near perfect. Jennifer helped us and was such a delight. She was so sweet to our little girl too! The food was all delicious. The Long Island is now my new favorite roll. I hope the next time we visit our favorite sushi restaurant we get the same treatment because I truly love this spot!
5	Our favorite sushi spot. Servers are really nice to the kids, fresh sushi, and good all you can eat prices.It is a bit small, but we can always find seating no problem :-)We have also ordered take-out a few times. Highly recommend it.
5	My favorite sushi spot in Vegas. Great price for all you can eat (23.95 for dinner)! Pink lady and paradise rolls are my favorite. Never had naked sushi or friend sushi until I came here, Japanese lasagna and California crunch are amazing! I come here at least twice a visit. It's nice to get meal off the strip away from the casinos and thousands of travelers. The 10 minute drive from the strip is worth it- trust me.
5	This is the best sushi spot in Vegas and I have been to A LOT!  The ambiance leaves something to be desired, but they more than make up for it with the delicious and fresh food.
2	All bad...bad service...bad Sushi...never again...tell your servers to serve and stop watching the tvs ... :(
5	So my girlfriend and I decided to go here while on our vacation in Las Vegas. Best decision for sushi in the area! Great selection of sushi, fresh tasting and the waitress was very tentative to our questions and needs. Would recommend this place to anyone visiting the area for their sushi desires. Will be coming here again in the future.
5	This is one of my two favorite sushi places in Las Vegas. I have lived here since 2006 and I have been going here from the very beginning. They have all you can eat like every other place (they say they will charge you if you don't finish, but I have never had this happen).This is not a place to go if you are not into a laid back environment as it is more of a family/friends place. The servers are great and leave you to your meal but the space is so small it is extremely easy to flag them down when you need something. My only complaint and I always tell the manager is that they used to make their cucumber salad with shredded cucumbers but they have since changed to chopping them. It just doesn't taste the same, everything else however I love. I will continue to go here until I move from NV or they close their doors.
4	This was my first time coming to Sushi Bay and was skeptical at first because I only have one go to sushi place and have a hard time finding other good ones. However, this place was amazing. Awesome, fast, and friendly service!!! It's a small place but very welcoming for families. We brought our 7 month old and 3 year old with us and the wait staff was very welcoming to both kids. The sushi was so fresh and quick to be delivered to us. We were greeted immediately upon arrival and when we left. We got the all you can eat for $23.95 for dinner and it was so worth it. All of are food was delivered fast but evenly spaced out so we didn't have too much on the table at once. They also give you the option on the all you can eat menu for half/full or hand roll so my husband and I got to try more. I wasn't a huge fan of the batter they use to fry the soft shell crab/rolls in but everything else I got was delicious. If you are looking for fast, friendly service, with an atmosphere that welcomes everyone than Sushi Bay is the place to go!
1	Called to place an order to be picked up. Lady told me they were too busy to do it. What kind of services is that!? Ive called places where they say they're slammed and it might be a while, I can understand that. That at least gives me the option to order and wait or order from somewhere else. To me its rude, Ugh.
5	My initially reaction was that it looked like a little hole in the wall because it's so small and cramped. I think there only has to be around maybe 6 or 7 tables each seating 4 people. So if you have a large party you would have to call ahead to reserve the table. But I have to say everything was delicious! My favorite appetizer was the coconut shrimp tempura and I really enjoyed the rolls. I can't wait to go back so I can try some new rolls. Great place.
2	The service here was TERRIBLE. Tables were not cleared - and it took us about 15-20 minutes for us to be seated and served despite our reservation. There was only 1 waitress for the whole restaurant (granted it is small). She was in a terrible mood - and barely said 2 words to us. Then when she brought our plates (we ordered AYCE), I asked her which plates were which and she grimaced and acted as if I was wasting her time. This is really regretful, since the food was pretty good. I enjoyed the nigiri - it was fresh and delicious, but the service SUCKED.
4	My wife and I love Sushi Bay and have been going for years. Good sushi at a great price. Leave your 'sushi ego' at home because it is a small, cozy and convenient neighborhood place. It is what it is.
5	I remember the first time I came to this place. 4 years ago I just moved to this side of town and was searching for a decent sushi place. Henderson is littered with sushi places but the good ones never offered AYCE. I understand that but sometimes I'm just in the mood to OD on sushi. Years ago they was offering a special for that time being of AYCE sushi lunch for $18.95. We took a chance since we didn't find any good AYCE sushi nearby. This place is literally a hole in the wall, being in the vicinity of a grocery store and surrounded by fast food joints such as Taco Bell & Dairy Queen. Don't let that stop you from visiting. What it lacks in trendy decor, they make it up with a good variety of sushi.I always take and suggest Sushi Bay for guests looking for AYCE sushi. It's not expensive and the variety will make anyone happy. My sister is a diabetic and they offer enough riceless sushi for her and for anyone looking to cut down on carbs. Sushi is never formed with too much rice (like some other AYCE sushi places) and when I mean variety I mean the sushi isn't replaced with 1 ingredient  and is renamed. I always coming when the "rush hour" is over for AYCE sushi. If it's too busy you can eat at the bar. I recently ate here for their lunch special too. Their lunch special isn't anything special but is priced for a quick healthy lunch. Some reviews complain about the host/hostess and to be honest perhaps they don't want to talk so much because maybe their english isn't perfect. Who cares though? I'm not paying to talk to them. Will be coming back in the future just as long as they keep up the good work.
3	Try the Who's Your Daddy :) Its probably my favorite thing about this restaurant. Service is just okay, nothing special.Sushi is about the same.Lunch special advertised on the outside of the restaurant isn't honored inside (weird).
5	This place is my new sushi spot! Hidden little place with a good variety of rolls, sashimi and they have tempura ice cream!! Will be coming back again!
4	My only experience with sushi (if you can call it experience) is with grocery store sushi.   Oh my!  I had no idea what I was missing until our daughter (home for the holidays) suggested sushi.  I was slightly reluctant, however, wanting to experience new things, I said yes.  Boy and I glad I did!  We were greeted with a warm smile and immediately seated by the hostess.  A quick run down of the menu and we were off to the races.   The food was fresh, visually appealing, fast and delicious!  I wanted an extra tummy to just keep going!  Their prices were reasonable, however I highly suggest the "all you can eat" option.  Great value and you will not leave wishing you hadn't stopped in.   Can't wait to go back again, like next week!!!
4	Delicious sushi rolls, so-so service. And if you catch the main waitress on a bad day she can be really rude for no reason.I highly recommend the Green Valley roll, that's my favorite.
5	love Sushi Bay! It's a secret hole in the wall gem with genuine staff that make you feel welcome anytime...tuna poke is amazing!!!
2	The food was all right however, the service was weird.. Everyone looked pissed. NO ONE welcomed us or made eye contacts for good 2 minutes (out of one waitress and the two sushi men). They just glanced blankly at our direction. I felt awkwarded out by the silence. The waitress (older Korean woman) pointed to a table so we sat there. We ordered something a la carte and two waters and the waitress gave us a weird vibe like she was pissed. The entire meal, she didnt come along to check on us or give us refills. She at one point got cranky with a couple that came in so they actually walked out. When they walked out, she blurted something out to the sushi men. Let's just say i know their language pretty well.....n what she said was not nice. I have  gone there a couple times n they actually talk smack a lot about their customers. Some customers seem like they come there a lot based on what i hear from the conversation. What disloyal people?? It made me mad. I felt uncomfortable the entire time. Maybe i should have gone elsewhere when i first felt the weird vibe when i walked in. Another family walked in and out too during our meal. It was really weird there. I would not go back.
2	Although the sushi is good, the service is terrible. Both times I've gone, I've had the same waitress who made me feel guilty for ordering more sushi, seemly extremely  unhappy and was very rude, and told me it was MY FAULT that one of the rolls came out with tempura on it, even though the description never said it. To be clear, I have a gluten intolerance and I can't have soy sauce, imitation crab and tempura; so the severe language barrier & rude nature wasn't very conducive to me asking questions about their ingredients.
