3	WTF!  WTF!?!  So what does Suge Knight, bad service and awesome hot buffalo sauce have in common?  Well they were all at the Coronado Cafe late last night.  As we are seated by the grumpy host who tossed the menus on the table and walked away a man behind us gets up with two chicken heads.  He's tall, stocky etc.  I playfully say to the hubby that guy looks like Suge Knight and he says that is him.  So weird, I wanted to ask him if he had anything to do with Tupac and/or Biggies deaths, too surreal.  Only in Vegas I suppose.So the service here was awful, I do not believe I have never not left a tip before.  First the waitress, an older Asian lady came and asked us, 'what u want,' then we proceeded to wait and wait for our buffalo wings, we had no drinks, no napkins and when we asked for dressing she came and threw the dish on the table.  I was just shocked because she was do bad, she was obsessing over her big table and could care less of the rest.  I've been here many times and think they have the best buffalo sauce ever, I only wish they fried them naked.  They also have really good late night specials for really cheap from midnight to 6am.  The service has always been decent except for last night.  And it always hits the spot after a night of partying and drinking.
4	been here twice now. had the breakfast here last year and it sucked. the corn beef and hash came from a can and was not fresh. Totally different experience this time for dinner. i had the porterhouse dinner and it came with a salad, dinner roll, and fries. In my opinion, it was more like a t bone steak but it was still good. im giving it an extra star because of the great service we received from two waitresses. will be back again for dinner.
5	CAN YOU SAY DIRT CHEAP STEAK AND EGGS??!! Yes that's right graveyard special for only 5.95 a nice juicy tender 7oz NY Strip Steak, 2 Eggs however you want them, Fairly cooked Has Browns with Toast and Jelly. I went to vegas for a random adventure Saturday Night but since i was here I wanted to hit up South Point and get the $6 Deal. =D I recommend anyone to this cafe after your inebriated or sober after celebrating the nightlife in wonderful viva las vegas. Peace Yelp Heads!
2	Me and my boyfriend went here after the Indian Nationals Rodeo event that the South Point was hosting.  Well, the service was TERRIBLE.  One guy took our drink order and another took our food order.  The salad part came before the drinks!  We got Mozarella Sticks and they were served lukewarm...and we got a chicken dish that we split that was also lukewarm.  I personally like my food to be hot...so I know that it was just freshly cooked and not hanging around the back!  But that's just me.  The only redeeming thing about this place was their prices.  They weren't very expensive so that was good.  I guess if you are at the South Point late at night with no other options than this place will work...other than that I will find somewhere else to go.
2	OK, I didn't want to go here. I wanted to go to the buffet, but there were 100 people or so in line, so we went to the house cafe and I was bummed. The service wasn't so great and the fish and chips I ordered was Generic City. I filled up on an appetizer of nachos with beef and it wasn't too bad, but the entree kind of sucked. Where the heck is the coffee I asked for and they brought me a pot of coffee - only after they used some of it to refill somebody else's cup. Yuck.
4	My bf and I ate here 3 times during a recent stay at South Point. Typical diner food type of menu - but still tasty and fresh. I had the Cowboy Special Omelet (which was yum!) and the Huevos Rancheros which was also pretty good. Twice my bf got the South Point Special (it was called something like that.. with eggs, potatoes, cheese, and ham or bacon) -- I ordered it one of the times too -- it was good.. and A LOT of food (mostly potatoes). I think I only finished half of mine.Their coffee is perhaps better than I expected from a diner in a casino. We had many cups. They have separate beverage servers because of how high volume they are - there's often a line during the breakfast/lunch times. Service was pretty quick, considering every table was full every time we went.
4	Ate here twice.  Service was good.  Waiters would come by to check on us periodically.  Each time I would order their $12.99 porterhouse special.  Not bad at all.  Cooked the way I asked (med rare).  Wanted to try out their midnite specials, but was either too tired or not hungry enough to go.  If you do try, the line to get a table are looooooong...
3	Ate here twice and service was pretty sub par both times, but you know, you kinda get what you pay for, I guess.The better deals were after midnight, where you could get a burger or steak and eggs for like $3 or $4, which was helpful on the wallet after losing cash at the casino.They have all of the typical cafe type foods and another menu dedicated to Chinese food, which was actually pretty decent.
3	Food is OK! great place if you're staying at The South Point casino. The thing is so much food on the menu! I've tried the chicken sandwich and the cowboy omelet. The omelette wasn't really that good mainly the chili was terrible. It was a canned chili for sure. I've had the chicken salad and that was great. Great for late night! They also have great Hot Chocolate.
4	Holy Crap, if you are wasted at South Point Casino and it's past midnight, head over to the Coronado Cafe.  I swear to God they sprinkle little bits of meth on all their food.  First, they have AWESOME late night chinese food.  The General Tso's chicked was out of this world.  Second, after midnight they have a special late night menu of breakfast items ranging from $1.50 (biscuits & gravy) to $3.45 (steak and eggs).  Where else are you going to get a 7 oz new york strip, two eggs, hashbrowns, and toast for $3.45???? Hell, we established that you could pretty much order the first four things on the late night menu and come in under $10....we are talking about FULL MEALS here people.  ***Disclaimer.  I was wasted far from sober by the time we went here.  However, it was the most delicious late night drinking food I have ever eaten.  Also, the service sucks.  The Star rating is based on how awesome this place is a 3 a.m. when you're hammered at South Point.
4	The Coronado Cafe is located inside the South Point casino. My recent visit was better. The service is okay but could use a lot of improvement. With this restaurant, sticking to the breakfast menu, is the best bet. They offer really good blueberry pancakes and if you're looking for something light, a bagel and cream cheese. Just remember the hot chocolate.
4	Awww you always accomodate my drunk self and friends!I come here alot since I pretty much stay stranded at the South Point for the most part.  Everything I've had has been good and I really like the Chinese food here.  I needed to soak up the alcohol BADLY on friday night so yes, I will be needing a table for two please.  This time around I had a taste for wonton soup and chicken fried rice.  My friend ordered the lemon chicken and a round of waters for us haha.I can never complain about the service.  But maybe that's because we're too busy having drunken heart to hearts at the table to notice if it's been awhile since someone has checked up on us.  This past weekend though, our server was on point..... I think ;)
3	This place has come a long way from the early days of the "South Coast" hotel and casino. Back then, after being only open a few weeks, I experienced terrible customer service and mediocre food.Last night, my cousins and I wanted some late night steak and eggs, so we picked the South Point. I was surprised at the quality of food. The cut of New York steak was visibly better than some others I've had lately. It wasn't the most tender on the inside, but still good. In any case, it's easily one of the better steak and egg graveyard specials in town. My cousins also seemed to enjoy the items they ordered. In particular, they were impressed by the vanilla ice cream.
4	The late night specials on the table tops max out at $4 at the time of this review. The wait can be upwards of 20 minutes for entry near midnight. The specials are good from midnight to 6 am. The 7 ounce steak with hash browns, two eggs and bread is the best of these specials. The steak is prepared almost always correctly and the hash browns are getting better each visit.
2	24 hour spot inside the South Point Casino.  We ordered off the Chinese Food menu and BIG mistake!  The food was edible but did not taste that great.  Majority of the items were overly salty.  We had the Black Pepper Chicken (hint of curry which was good), Mongolian Beef (but not with the traditional green onions had bell pepper instead?), Chicken Fried Rice, and Firecracker Chicken.Next time if I have to eat here will stick to the basic club sandwich or something.  Also, they do have a late night breakfast specials from 12 am to 6 am which I didn't try but they items for under $3 and you can't beat that when you are up late gambling :)
5	I can't seem to figure out why this place has such a low average rating when I personally dig the fact that this place is amazing anytime after midnight.I haven't eaten at this place before midnight but from browsing the menu, they have pretty high price points for a cafe. Their after midnight selections, though, are a totally different story. Steak and eggs for under $5, a cheeseburger and fries for under $3, and quite a few other options all under $5. They also offer Chinese food, which I have not tried either but have been told by a friend that the quality is quite tasty. On each of my visits after midnight, there has always been a line to be seated but never fear, the wait is never long, maybe 5 minutes tops. Once you are seated, the service is not the best but nowhere close to bad. All the employees, especially the ones who first greet you once you are seated, are very friendly and make it an effort to ensure that you are taken care of. I love coming here after a long night of gallivanting or even after catching a late movie 'coz we all know nothing is worst than going to sleep on an upset, growling, stomach!
4	Coronado Cafe is located in South Point Casino waaaaay on the South side of Las Vegas Blvd.  We arrived around 4 a.m. and the place was PACKED (I heard members of our party that arrived before us were in line for about 20-30 minutes). I think it was worth it though.I just may add this to my list of my after-clubbing dining options.  They had a kind of "cab-drivers-specials" menu available midnight to 6-ish I think.  Nothing was over $4.  The majority of our 12-person party ordered the $3.95 steak and eggs.http://www.southpointcasino.com/press/cafe-graveyard-special.phpThey also had a full menu as well as Chinese food.Drink orders were taken promptly after we were seated as were our food orders.  We waited a reasonable amount of time considering the size of our party and how busy the Cafe actually was.  Our servers brought some crunchy chow mein noodle things with 4 different dipping sauces for us to munch on while we waited... Bottom Line:Cheap eats after midnight.  Courteous and accomodating staff.  Just make sure you have a DD or cab fare because South Point is a bit of a drive from the Strip.
5	South Point knows what they're doing with cheap after midnight specials on bowling, one dollar tap beer and one dollar well drinks, To make it even better Coronado Cafe offers 3.95 Steak and EggsThe only reason i go here is for the steak and eggs and when i do it's usually between the hours of 12:00am to 05:00am.True the slice of NY is on the thin side, the hash brown is quite greasy and often flavorless, and the eggs are also a bit on the greasy side. Who cares? It's really really early in the morning and here's cheap steak and eggs to help sober you up for the drive home.Only issue is the South Point may be far for some and is off the beaten path in regards to the strip. It's location may be an inconvenience but with proper planning a lot of fun could happen at the South Point and continue right to Coronado Cafe before festivities end for the day
5	We had the Chinese food and it was the best I had in a long time server was on point and the place was clean and fast my buddy had the $3.99 steak and eggs and said it was great ...cab-drivers-specials" menu available midnight to 6 Nothing over $4.00
3	You would think Vegas has the most expensive food yet. You can't judge the city by it's lights!Here's Coronado Cafe in South Point Casino that we discovered has the ultimate late night hangover food for as low as $3.95! Served with however you'd like your steak and eggs. They also have hash browns and your choice of white or wheat bread on the side. Don't forget the A1 sauce or you could ask for the 57 sauce. There are also other special orders lower than $3.95. It's not the greatest food, but it will sure fill your stomach after a good one. I would say make it less greasy, but that's where I went wrong. You could let them know how you like everything. My cousins and I went around 3AM and you'll still find people lining up just for the special till 5AM. They do have a separate menu of orders over $5, but their late night specials are what's great about this place.
2	Me and the hubby had to try this place since the steakhouse didnt have a table for like 3hrs. He had pasta and I had a steak with mashed potatoes. Both of the meals took forever to get out  and my toddler was on the verge of a meltdown so when it did arrive we tried to eat fast. Good thing we were not starving cuz the food was not great. I almost wish Southpoint would stop giving us free rooms so we dont have to eat at the restaurants it has.
3	I stayed at the South Point Hotel and had to catch morning flight to San Francisco, so I had my breakfast at this place. I could say this is about average for a quick breakfast. They did run some special from midnight to 6am, so if you like staying late, you may get some good deal.
3	I can't really say that the steak is one of the best I've ever had.  Heck, I can't even say that it's about average, but when you get steak and eggs, hash browns, toast, and jelly for $3.95, the LEAST I could do is give this place a 3 star.Based on food alone, I'd probably give this place a 2 star.  The steak was a little bit tough but with a bunch of sauce and pepper it compensates for the texture.  The eggs, hash browns, and toast are a nice compliment.  All this for $3.95?  I have to give it an A-OK, especially with other steak spots coming as cheap as $12 for the same amount of food.  Come during graveyard to take advantage of the cheap menu.  You can act like a baller on a budget.
3	After a round of $1 midnight bowling, I was definitely getting the munchies.  So after being enticed by the sign for $4 steak and eggs, we dropped in.  Usually there's a small line when it starts to get past midnight, but it's never very long.  When you sit down, they give you a menu with lots of options, but the one you want is the one in the little standee on the table.  In addition to $4 steak and eggs, they also have $1-$3 breakfasts, which is as good a deal as you could ask for.  The servers are actually quite friendly for graveyard shifters, and are entirely accommodating.  Incidentally, they have a good selection of Asian food on the menu, though the prices on those are a bit more normal (think $5 to $8).  I've had the pad thai, not bad for a casino cafe!Check it out if you're in the area.
5	The late-night grave special at the Coronado Cafe isn't a five star dining experience when it comes to quality..  This review isn't granting a five star rating based off that.  A person can always find a better ham steak, cheeseburger, poached egg, and side of hash browns.This is a five star place because The Coronado Cafe treats it's late-night menu as a throwback to old school Vegas.  for $1.45 you get the biscuits and gravy.  For $3.95 you get the steak and eggs, hash browns, jelly w/toast.  This is the Vegas I grew up in and around as a kid. It's the specials like this that made this city great and must be reclaimed.  Thank You Coronado Cafe!
5	Coronado Cafe is one of the last restaurants to have a decent graveyard special.  Yeah 5, 6, 7 bucks is cheap for steak and eggs.  But $3.95 is better!  And it lies within South Point Casino & Hotel.I ate here just recently, maybe last week? And before that was probably about 3 years ago.  You would think the prices would change over a span of three years right? WRONG!Coronado Cafe, old Vegas graveyard prices staying true to it's roots.
5	I don't know about you, but I love breakfast at night! I mean come on... Everything in Vegas is much better at night. This cafe has priceless graveyard specials. I come here for the steak and eggs. The idea of steak & eggs is genius for a midnight meal. It's like the last of dinner and the beginning of breakfast. Yeah, yeah call that a "tina-moment" but you know you're still thinking about it.I've heard some say that the steak is alright... Well, if you haven't yet, I suggest ordering it MEDIUM. Not medium rare or medium well. just straight MEDIUM and it should be perfect. Perfect for $3.95.I'd say the vibe is much better than any other place I've gone for some graveyard specials. It's crazy how people are still up at 3am craving some steaks! It's definitely safer than sleeping pills, I think.Anyway, take my word. And when you get the steak&eggs.. mix it all up. I usually don't like my food mixing, but breakfast is the only exception, like paramore.Oh and one last thing.. If you're not a steak&egg person.. They have other specials, like pancakes and stuff. Ugh, just writing this review makes me wish it was midnight already so I can get some now.
4	$3.95 for Steak n Eggs and crispy hash brown on the side?  I'm a fan.  Probably a Denny's quality steak but like $10 cheaper!  The line was long around 12:30am but got seated pretty quickly since the restaurants have many seating and people just eat and go.Very far from the strip, but if you are already at Southpoint, try it out!
4	This place is definitely the place to hit up after late night rendezvous at the club.  You can get a whole meal for less than $5.00 and that's including tip.  The service is kind of crappy, but hey with a meal that's less than $5.00 what kind of service do you expect right? They have a list of the graveyard menus on the table, forget looking at the menu go straight for this.  It ranges from steak and eggs to burgers and biscuits with gravy.  I personally love their burger, I mean it isn't amazing or anything.  It just satisfies the stomach after a late night facade.
4	$3.95 NY steak and eggs with hash browns! from 12am - 6am onlyIt was a good steak for the price... sooo cheap! The mozarella sticks are kinda pricey and the red clam chowder was sour.THIS PLACE IS WORTH A TRY FOR THE $3.95 STEAK! DEFINITELY WILL GO BACK TO TAKE MY PARENTS.
3	I ate here for the 3rd time last night.  The meal was OK--not great, not terrible, but OK!  Service was OK, too, even a bit on the slow side.I ordered the liver and onions and my wife had a ham and cheese sandwich.  Both were prepared well, the portion size was average, and the food was prepared well.  Our drinks were gotten fairly quickly and he came by to refill my iced tea when the glass was 1/2 full.I probably would stop here when I was at the South Point again.  It is not a place I would go to just for the food and the experience.
4	$3.95 for steak & eggs? $2.45 for a pancake sandwich? $1.45 for biscuits & gravy? Keep the EMTs on speed dial, because I'm about to eat my heart out.Now, at these prices, the food won't blow your mind. It's good though; actually, better than I expected. Decent sized piece of meat cooked how I wanted (medium rare), eggs (over easy, and smothered in Tabasco), and toast. Other stuff is decent  too, if that's what you're in the mood for. Keep in mind, the drunks come out at night for this. Strangely enough, I was completely sober at 3am.  I managed to have some drunk dudes randomly come up to my table for some nonsensical banter. I considered it table-side entertainment. The steak and eggs are keeping them happy, so I didn't mind. It was all in good fun.Place is constantly packed, even at 3am. I'd expect a substantially longer line around the midnight hour.
2	After seeing the line for Steak N Shake we made a quick u-turn and listened to our tummies who told us to sit and eat anything-NOW!!!My parents love the Chinese food here and we were feeling a little sick so we decided to try a bowl of Wonton Soup, Egg Rolls, and a side salad.-Wonton Soup : I liked it-it wasn't the best or the worst- the broth-  thank goodness- had taste and the wontons were big. For the price though, I thought the bowl should've been bigger. I was surprised because most everything here is cheap but not the Chinese food!!!-Egg Rolls : I hate when places just cut the eggroll in two and then consider it 2 pieces when it's actually 1 damn piece, Gosh....Anyways, they do this here- the taste was just like the soup-not the best or the worst...Side Salad : TypicalThey give you fried chow mein noodles with various dipping sauces for free....**Warning** these fried chow mein noodles may chip your tooth-Hopfully, I just got a fried to long yucky order of it.Would I come back?   Not if I was paying, that's for sure...
4	So like every hotel this is the South Points 24hr cafe.  To be honest its not much different then any of the others.  Decent selection of breakfast/burgers and sandwiches.What makes this place special is 2 things.1) they serve Chinese food.  Don't get me wrong its not the best ever but for this style of cafe, its great. (rice is a little dry sometimes)2) the late night menu is the best!  From midnight til i think 5am you can get a maybe 8 or 9 different things dirt cheap.Granted a lot of cafe's do some sort of late night menu.  I think the overall quality for what you are paying for is better here.  I may be off in my prices below but not by much.biscuits and gravy for 1.45, a cheeseburger for 2.95 and the best, steak and eggs for 3.95.  I can't remember what the other items are.My friends and I have gone here many a late night and the quality is always the same.  I think its hard to say that for regular restaurants let alone a 24hr cafe.Sadly the word is out on this place and it has started to get a decent line were a year ago you could go right in.  Its still worth it as the wait is never too long.
4	Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights, Had late night breakfast 4 of those nights. As most of the other reviews say, its hard to the Cab Driver's special steak and eggs served midnight to 6:00 am.  Its not great but pretty damn good especially when you consider the price of $3.95. Chinese food selections and apps such as hot wings are a notch lower in quality but still pretty good. Lots of locals who work swing shift or who are just out partying late also frequent this place. Overall a great place for late night base, can't speak for other times of day but it is almost always busy.
5	.., based on our wkend experience here, I was never dissapointed.They had a special from 12am til 6am for $4.95 steak & eggs. Seriously? How could you not eat a great deal like that? So we went, we tore it up, & then we went back to our rooms in a food coma. The steak was done medium rare as I asked & were very tasty. I also had their minestrone & clam chowder, both were excellent. The service was ok, our server forgot my soups the first night, & our server the 2nd night was somewhat snappy. But all in all I'll be back!
4	The Coronado Cafe is the place to be after a night of heavy drinking. When you need something greasy and carbohydrate laden to sink to the bottom of your stomach and prevent you from vomiting come here. After midnight, a visit to this restaurant is easy on the pocket book. There is usually a short line, but the hosts(esses) are prompt in seating you. The wait staff look as if they are less than satisfied with having to deal with the locals, but I cannot hold it against them. The food here comes out quick and accurate. I love the steak and eggs special. It comes with a nice cut of meat, two eggs any style, a heaping serving of hash browns, and a tower of your choice of toast. For less than five dollars this meal is a steal. That being the most expensive of the specials is a great sign of how cheap the other four specials are.
2	It's a coffee shop in Vegas... We all know what to expect. The food met that expectation, but the service didn't even come close. What I got was a surly waiter who ignored me. Fail.
5	Steak and eggs for $3.95?  Yes, please!! And no, its not snack size, its a hearty meal they serve!  Only thing is it's from 12am-6am but in Vegas, who really sleeps anyway?  The food is not only cheap but it tastes good and definitely leaves you full.  Located in South Point Hotel, its the only restaurant they have that's open 24 hours so it's always got people no matter what time or day.  Wait wasn't long, 20 minutes at the most but the servers can do a little better.  They were either grumpy or forgetful. I'll cut some slack only because it was 3 in the morning and they have to work but at least smile!    Clam chowder was delicious and the burger and fries for $2.95 were just as good!  This is one place I'll definitely be coming back to when I hit Vegas again.
5	This review is mainly for the taxi driver (late night) special, so I take no responsibility if you go there before midnight and are completely disappointed. Just saying.I don't live far from SouthPoint so it's nice to have a cheap place to go to late at night after the gym when you realize that your fridge is completely empty. Thus is the life of a bachelor. This place has by far some of the best late night specials in Vegas, and believe me, I have frequented several others and they can't really hold a candle at 2am to Coronado Cafe.The wait staff is hit or miss, but with hefty portions at $1.45-$3.95, how can you really complain?Here's a couple of tips: 1. If you order steak and eggs (and I really believe you should), be aware that they overcook the steak, so order it one degree more rare than you are accustomed to. Unless you like it overcooked.2. There are no substitutions. Period, end of story. Fries instead of hash browns? Not going to happen. But thats okay, Just order the cheeseburger that comes with fries in addition to your steak in eggs. It's only $3! I tend to do this when I go with my bro and we split the burger and fries while each ordering steak and eggs.3. Arrive between hours, like at the half. Avoid arriving at the top of the hour, for some reason the line tends to grow exponentially at 12, 1, and 2am. But if you arrive around 12:30, the line diminishes.  (I don't know why, but I am going to speculate that drunk people like to arrive closer to the top of the hour. Overcompensating )
4	I love the Chinese food menu at the Coronado Cafe....  Last night I enjoyed the neptune's nest dish: a veritable cornucopia filled with shrimp, scallops, crab claws, squid, and fish. Spooned over rice, it is a show-stopper. Even better was my dining companion's salt and pepper sea bass. This is seafood perfection on a plate. Don't be afraid....  Order from the Chinese menu at the South Point!
3	This place is open 24 hrs a day and it's cheaper than cheap when you're ordering from the "taxi cab menu" I think it's between the hours of midnight to 6am, something like that. You can get steak and eggs for like $4, of course they charge you $3.50 for OJ but they gotta make payroll somehow right? The service is very S-L-O-W so warning, but the food is decent, and I might try the Chinese menu next time, I heard a lot of good things about it.
4	My rating is for the great deal only. It's hard to shine with regular breakfast items, but Coronado does it with the low prices. You know a place is doing something right when it is packed and you have to wait for a table at 3am. From midnight to 6 am, Coronado Cafe has graveyard specials that include $2.45 for 2 eggs, hash browns, toast, and bacon or sausage. They also have 7 oz NY steak, 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast for $3.95!!!  Need I say more? If I wasn't still full from dinner and thinking about crawling into bed soon after eating, I would've gone for the steak and eggs.
4	From midnight to 6am: Two eggs, hash browns, toast & jelly with sausage links for $2.45!!! Can't beat that!!
1	I don't understand all these good reviews? This place is horrible. We didn't get ranch with our hot wings or soy sauce with our rice, and once the waiter left good luck catching him again! The food was completely inedible! I have nothing good to say about my experience and I won't be going back!
3	I like how open this place is, the tables are spread, and they provide you room. I hate those restaurants that got you sitting so close to other individuals it seems you know them lol. We had this huge circle booth, and I was pleased about that. The menu had a lot to choose from, and I needed something a little different and something I haven't had in a long time. I ordered a reuben sandwich. It was a good sandwich. The waiter also gave us space and didn't bother every 5 minutes. The customers who were around us sucked though, I was listening to two conversations at the same time because they needed to be so loud. Oh well you run into those loud ones once in a while lol. The place was ok, and they have a lot on the menu
5	The line to get seated is always long even though there are tables available. Once you've ordered your food will take a while to get there. But honestly, I really cant complain since their steak and eggs are only $3.95 and it is the best after a drunken outing on the strip.
1	How this place ever got more than three stars is beyond belief. It honestly makes me question half of the reviews on yelp as this place has the worst service I have EVER had anywhere in my LIFE. At my three day stay at the South Point Hotel (which is actually pretty decent), I unfortunately ate here three times. During all three times, I boxed  my food at the end of the meal to be eaten later but not once did I ever receive any utensils to use. Do I really need to ask for plastic to-go utensils when eating pasta, rice, or a steak? I think so.Food here is AVERAGE at best but service here is honestly HORRIBLE. On the last night when my friends and I came back from EDC on Sunday at 5 AM, it honestly look the waitress 10 minutes just to get water to our table and then another 10 minutes to get our order. I asked MULTIPLE staff members as well as managers to send our waitress to us and yet we still waited. There were numerous amounts of other members on staff that could have taken my order but they wanted me to wait for this one specific waitress to take our order even though there were a ton of people standing around, LITERALLY doing nothing. While the steal & eggs deal may sound appealing, the NY steak was honestly a  joke. I couldn't cut it with a chainsaw if I had one. I guess I shouldn't expect much for $5 but c'mon. I basically ate half of the steak and paid for some over-easy eggs with hash browns and toast. This place is a complete joke. My friends agreed that their food was HORRIBLE and that they would never come back. Thanks for the painful shits, Coronado Cafe.
5	This place gets 5 stars because of our server, Didier. He was attentive, prompt, and very funny. Wonderful service!The food is mediocre. I like the salt and pepper sea bass. I saw that they also have late-night deals like $2.95 steak and eggs after midnight. Great place to go to if you're experiencing some late-night munchies!
5	my absolute favorite part of vegas is the graveyard steak & egg deals, so imagine my disappointment when i went to vegas this past March (and hiked from CityCenter to Bill's and then Flamingo) to discover the deals were gone. :(and thennnn my bf and i discovered Coronado Cafe at South Point. conveniently, we were staying at the hotel to recover from EDC before driving back to LA, so we hit up the late night deals. we walked down to the cafe a little past midnight and waited about 15 minutes to be seated, but it was so worth it. i ordered steak & eggs ($3.95) and ham steak & eggs ($3.45). the bf ordered biscuits & gravy, the cheeseburger basket ($2.95) and steak & eggs. we ordered enough food for 4 people. the food was amazing for its price. our steak was each 7 oz. and it looked so pretty, compared to the dinky and stiff steak i always had at Bill's. the hash browns actually looked fluffy and appetizing. The thick slice of ham was super savory and tender.. i liked it better than my steak. the gravy that accommodated the biscuits was seasoned really well and had small chunks of sausage in it.the server was very attentive and super sweet. she came around frequently to check on us and even chatted with us for a bit despite how busy the cafe was.our check was around $20 for enough food to last us at least two full meals. we're definitely down to make the 10 minute trip from the Strip for steak and eggs, given that at least one of us is semi-sober enough to transport us here.
5	$12.95 Prime Rib Special = Value.  Especially with the salad/potatoe of choice.  Occasionally you'll get a good waitress who will gladly change the Side Salad to Caesar Salad.  Those waitresses deserve an extra tip.Graveyard Specials?  Learn to love them!  This place is the perfect example of South Point being a great value.  $3.95 for a NY Steak with Eggs/Toast/Hash Browns after midnight 7 days a week.  All the servers here are good, the food is excellent and the bar area is perfect for people like myself, who dislike waiting in line and skip right through......to eat and then run back to the poker room.
5	I've been going to this place now for 4 years and of course, it's for the midnight $3.95 steak and egg dinner. The NY Steak use to be 8oz. but they are now 7oz. but I still do not complain. I personally like my hash browns "animal style" like the fries at In-N-Out Burger so I order the hash browns with grilled onions and a side of thousand island dressing!Service may sometimes take longer but only because it can occasionally get packed in there from all the other people ordering off their midnight menu. I also live right across the street though so it is very convenient for me. if I get the late night munchies after a night out.
2	I have been going to this cafe for the past 5 years. The other day was the first time I had been there in a year and it was horrible. The waiter delivered our food and never returned to give us refills or ask if we needed anything. The biscuits and sausage gravy were horrible. The biscuits might as well be hockey pucks. I could barely get the fork in the biscuit to cut it in half.  And then when it was time to go and my friend wanted to box the rest of his meal up, we had to find a bus boy to bring a box.  Unfortunately, all the bus boy did was tell our waiter we needed a box. The waiter carried the to-go box  to us and handed it to my friend without ever looking at him and then he walked away. It was the worst service I have ever had and will probably not go back even though I absolutely love the gravy to the biscuits and gravy.
5	Pulled pork awesome and everything else I've had too.  Pricey but worth it!
4	I've never been a fan of a cafe in a casino especially when there is a buffet about 1000 ft away.  With a buffet you get one price and big variety and all you can eat.  Well, yesterday I forgot my casino card (that gives you a discount)  and the buffet brunch was $2 more at  $18.95. I wasn't THAT hungry.  I always saw a steady flow of customers at the Coronando Cafe so I decided to try it out.  I like the openness in terms of space and seating.  When it gets busy the staff do check on you but the pleasantries go out the door and they are direct. You need this or that? No? Moving on.  Which I don't mind if you are busy.  Now, for the food. I had the Southpoint Special. It's a layered mix of eggs, melted cheese, potatoes, red and green peppers, onions, and your choice of bacon, ham, or sausage.  I ordered it with corned beef hash on the side and wheat toast.  I was expecting small portions but it was pretty big and I couldn't finish it all.  It was delicious!  I think it was the complementary cinnamon coffee cake that started to fill my stomach. Overall I'm satisfied with my experience and will not overlook this little gem again.
4	First of all...great price!Next, the size! What a volume the plate/bowl.They have american, asian...any kind of food and open late!(24H?)
4	This is a review of the Coronado Cafe's Chinese menu offerings only. We opened with an order of Crispy Spring Roll. Note that while the menu term is singular, this appetizer is actually composed of 4 spring rolls filled with both pork and shrimp. Cabbage and other vegetation was also stuffed into these medium-sized rolls, which were fresh, delicate, and crunchy as advertised. They were a bit springy, too, but not flaky--which is a good thing. Another enjoyable beginning to our meal were the complimentary deep-fried noodles that were brought to the table with Sweet & Sour Sauce, Plum Sauce, Hot Mustard Sauce, and Hot Chili Oil. The Plum Sauce was sweet, the Sweet & Sour Sauce was okay but not very sweet, and just a dab of the Mustard Sauce almost took my breath away. It was more intense than the Chili Oil, which carried plenty of heat in its own right. The centerpiece of this dinner was the Wor Won Ton Soup. This was at least the fourth time I have had it, and it surely won't be the last. It featured abundant amounts of very large, succulent shrimp that one could crunch down on and enjoy a juicy flavor burst in response, white chicken meat, very good tasting wontons filled with pork and shrimp, some bok choy, thin lo mein noodles, and pork that was actually tender and very tasty. The chicken-based broth brought all ingredients into nice harmony. I also like that extra broth can be requested, and will be served without charge. This protein-rich soup is a meal in itself for two to four diners to share, but Diane and I somewhat foolishly each ordered another entree to go with it. Her Honey Walnut Shrimp in Walnut Sauce actually featured large stir-fried prawns and nicely glazed walnuts in a mayonnaisey, tropical-tasting sauce that was accompanied by grapes and chunks of pineapple, honeydew melon, and cantaloupe. It was quite tasty except one prawn had a fairly large black spot where the crustacean had clearly not been properly deveined. Besides an unwelcome fly that arrived above our table just as we were finishing all we could eat, this was the only sour note of the evening. My Beef with Snow Peas looked a bit dark and foreboding when it arrived, compared with most other entrees of this sort that I have eaten.  But covered by a very light Oyster Sauce, it was pretty tasty. The small snow peas were more flavorful than most longer-sized snow peas tend to be. The beef was not overcooked, and onion, carrot, corn, and mushroom included in the dish were not too soft and not too hard. Steamed rice was not particularly remarkable but a little sticky and a good side. I washed everything down with Chinese Black Tea, which I also enjoyed once I realized that it was neither Green Tea nor Jasmine Tea. The biggest shame is that, because we were about to see the Bronx Wanderers in the South Point's showroom following our meal, we couldn't take any leftovers home. I really hated to leave half of the Beef with Snow Peas, and a good deal of the Honey Walnut Shrimp as well, but we reluctantly did so out of necessity. The entree portions served here easily accommodate at least two diners. So, come hungry or else order less than you usually might at a Chinese restaurant. Yes, the Cantonese food served at the Coronado Cafe is oriented toward American tastes. But, it is oh so very good. As was the service on this occasion. Overall, this was another scrumptious Cantonese meal at the Coronado Cafe! The show afterward was great, too!
4	Probably the best graveyard special in town starting at 11pm. 3.95 for steak and eggs, a nice sized steak not those lil strips. 2.95 for a quarterpounder burger and fries.  Fast service, brought food and drinks out fast, to go foods were fast also. Yet there by 11 pm cause if you wait even 10 mins lines form.
4	Go for the midnight specials!They have really decent late nite diner cafe food. I got the steak & eggs for $3.95 pretax. My sister got a good cut. Mine had lots of gristle. It comes with 2 eggs, hash browns, and two slices buttered toast (wheat, sourdough or white).The midnite special for burgers are a deal too. Don't get the chinese food. It looked awful.
4	For a Las Vegas coffee shop open 24/7, The Coronado Cafe is really quite good on some things, and average on others. The Chinese food is fantastic, they have the -best- pork egg fu young in Las Vegas i've had! Lots of yummy treats in it, and the brown gravy is thick and rich. I -crave- this! They also have daily specials, and they have always been a delicious value. Mondays, the roast pork loin is moist, tasty and for $10, you could not make it better at home, cheaper.The porterhouse steak special is a HUGE let-down! It was tough and gristly, and just not good.At midnite, they do have graveyard specials for $1.99 that are cheap and filling, and for the price, who cares if it's a tad greasy! It's a coffee shop, what do you expect!?
4	very solid, CONSISTENT, good breakfast food. (also cheap :) ) i havent tried them for anything other than breakfast so cant comment on how there other stuff is. so far, the service and food has been good and no complaints :)
3	CHEAP! CHEAP! CHEAP!Their cab driver special, after 12am, is perfect for the gamblers and party goers. The food is inexpensive and the service is lacking. The quality of the food on special is below par. I ordered a burger recently, medium well, and it was over cooked. It tasted like newspaper. Sure I had just come back from the Strip and was exhausted and I ate it all, but it doesn't excuse the over cooked patty. my brothers biscuits and gravy were cold. There is usually a long wait in line to be seated. I do enjoy their Chinese food, orange chicken is pretty decent. Its family style and we can all share. I will continue to go to Coronado Cafe since its cheap and opened late.
4	I would give this 3 1/2 stars, but bumping it up for the efficient service.I stayed at South Point and was looking for a place to dine alone that wasn't too frou frou and wanted to get out fairly quickly, and Coronado Cafe fit the bill.I sat at the counter and was immediately provided a glass of water and a menu.  Someone else came to take my order shortly thereafter.  I had the prime rib with potato and a salad for about $13, plus a glass of red wine.  It wasn't spectacular, but it was good and quite filling.  There were two people working the counter, which I was impressed with - they were great at making sure everyone was taken care of.
3	Serves its purpose...decent food at a cheap price!! Great stop for when the party ends and you are hungry but spent all of your money on drinks or gambling! Typical cafe/coffee shop style food, service was pretty good and the wait wasn't too long at 3am. Would I make it a regular spot and go out of my way to frequent? Probably not. Would I go back? Sure, if I'm in the area!
4	Why would you come here late at night? $3.95 steak and eggs? YES!!! So cheap! Dirt cheap! Orange juice is only 20 cent cheaper to order. I ordered my hashbrowns extra crispy! Steak was a fatty piece, eggs were cooked fine. Honestly, what am I doing? For $4 bucks, I have no complaints AT ALL. The line is part of the price you pay though. It seems pretty crowded... but, it's off the strip so not as many people as there could be. Otherwise, if I'm in the area... I'm coming here to get my after the club, drunken food fix!
4	We enjoyed a later-in-the night dinner -- not quite "late night" (when the meals are so cheap, it's crazy!)  I had breakfast -- everything, including my over hard eggs, was cooked perfectly.  My hubby had a burger and loved it.  Service was quick and friendly.  Good little break place in the casino!
2	I live in Vegas and have been here several times in the past 5 or so years. I feel like you have to be lucky or come I at the right time in order to get everything to come out right here. Which obviously isnt great because it should have customer priority and quality 24/7. Many others say they love getting their steak and eggs here. Although, Servers aren't good at checking up on you. The one time I've had steak n eggs here, my food was incredibly cold. One day I might consider giving them another try because I like Southpoint & everything else they have to offer.
1	What is GOING on with the 3.5 stars here??Tried more than once, seemed to get worse each time.All the servers said "Oohh, the Chinese food is GREAT!  So authentic, gotta try some!"  We were skeptical (1) because of the name, duh!  and (2) because our first (AND SECOND) meal here was garbage!  Sadly, we didn't learn.  We reasoned that since the American food we ordered the days before had been so bad, perhaps the cooks are Chinese and know how to do that better?  WRONG!  Where's Panda Express when you need one, sheeze.  I'd rather fast dinner and head to the strip for a yummy breakfast in the morning :(Oh, I get it now... most of the good reviews are for being CHEAP and OPEN LATE from apparent drunkards, nice.
4	LATE NIGHT STEAK AND EGGS! yes! when you're out late with friends or family and a few drinks or just got done watching a movie.. and wanting breakfast for dinner. this is a place to go! i normally order my steak medium and scrambled eggs with a side of wheat toast and grape jelly! it is worth the late night food run for under $10!!! the coronado cafe, isn't just good for their steak and eggs but I have tried their Chinese menu for lunch with some friends courtesy of Southpoint comps! We ordered, bbq ribs, fried rice, combination pan fried noodles. both the fried rice and pan fried noodles was to my chinese food expectation. but as for the bbq ribs, it was too dryyy and the bbq wasn't flavorful at all.
1	First off, I went by here for lunch one day and its NOT good.  The "Dirt Cheap" reviews people leave is only because its for the late nate crown like 1am or later, AND you have to be staying here.  I mean, this hotel is a shit hole, why would you want to do this?  lol    I was on my way out of town and yelped lunch hoping to find a good quality lunch at a decent value, as I was already off the main strip.   Stopped in here after seeing the pictures which looked great, BUT all those specials are only for a super late night special only.   In fact, they didn't even sell those during regular hours, which is odd.  Ok, so you have Chinese food, which is about $10-13 for lunch, and the pad thai was garbage btw.   I could see how the average white person would never notice the low quality, but it will not slip past me.   Three of us ate here, we all agree after spending $50 total it was a complete waste.    Sorry, but Eek! Methinks not.   Maybe now other yelpers out their way out of town off the main strip will know whats up!
4	My family and relatives always come here for a late night feed.  Cheap but yummy food.  Only problem is the wait... but can't complain since people know where to get a good deal.
4	Ok, so this is Vegas. Everything is either really expensive or really cheap--this place is under the really cheap side! I used to go every weekend with my bf whenever he got off work. We love steak! This place is awesome. After midnight if you're 21 and over, or kids with an adult you can order off the Cab Driver's Special. There's normally a line around midnight. The wait is never really long though. I always get the steak and eggs,  med-rare. Comes with hash browns and also toast. The special ends at 6 am. How can you go wrong? They also have prime rib which is pretty good!!! They get a 4 because of price, location, and the food isn't bad!
5	Located inside the South Point casino, the Coronado Cafe is best-of-breed among Las Vegas casino coffee shops.  Consistently excellent food and service.  Full American menu, including breakfast, 24H.  Reasonable prices.  Daily specials 10A-10P, also 24H prime rib or Porterhouse steak,  $13.  Midnight specials 12A-6A (21 and older) include steak and eggs $4, biscuits and gravy $2.  Chinese menu 5P-5A, limited Chinese menu 11P-5A. Can be crowded (5-15 min wait) immediately after midnight when late-night specials begin.  Free wi-fi.  Not hard to get your meal comped if you gamble.
4	Usually always get good service from here. Wait staff is for the most part, very attentive. Food is good and decently priced. The porterhouse special is a good deal. $13 for a big, juicy steak, choice of potato, onion rings, choice of soup or salad and a slice of garlic bread. Only complaint would be that I had to get my porterhouse sent back because it was undercooked. If you come for the graveyard special, be prepared to wait in a long line.
3	Located in South Point Hotel and Casino, Coronado Cafe is a decent place to grab a decent meal.  I do feel iffy about this place, even though it does look nice.  The service just seems to be less than satisfying.  We did come here for breakfast, but it seems like none of the staff feels like dealing with customers.  It does kind of sucks that I have to repeat my order 3-4 times till she finally got it.  I didn't want to sound like I was yelling, but it almost got to the point of raising my voice for her to hear my order.  At least they were good on refills.  After getting our food, I had the steak and eggs.  The eggs and hash brown was okay.  The steak on the other hand, was a tad bit chewy for a medium.  It was edible, but a bit unsatisfying.  Kind of felt like I was biting into a tire.  Overall, it may be a nice place, and it might be good for breakfast, but probably don't consider the steak for breakfast.
3	Late night eats!  It's not the best.. but it's like, the cafe you need after sitting and gambling for HOURS and drinking toooo much beer.  During certain hours of the day you can find a line forming out the entrance.... but they seat fairly quickly.  It's a big space w/ lots to seat and lots or wait staff.   Have never encountered any rudeness or anyone who was impolite.... and service is alright!  I mean, nothing special or anything, they have to serve sooo many people but it's not like they are over extending the staff or anything.   It's run pretty well!The menu is super split.  American breakfasts, lunch, and dinners.. and Chinese!It's located at the Southpoint Casino right smack dab in the middle.Anyway!  Late night eats.. you can't go wrong!
3	Not the best all night casino cafe in Las Vegas, but you'll get feed.  I expect better prices, but I guess I'm just used to the cafe at the Orleans Casino.
3	hey how can you complain! after midnight they have the 'graveyard' menu for some cheap eats...had steak, eggs, hashbrowns and toast for $3.95! not the greatest of steak, and NOT the 7 oz T-bone they advertised on their in house tv, but a decent meal non the less...get there before midnight as there is a line...cheap eats after midnight! appeals to my inner cheapskate..
3	Located inside the South Point hotel, this cafe is definitely nothing to write home about.  It just so happened my mom was ready to gamble before we hit the strip on the way into Vegas, and after gambling we were starved.  I would have chosen elsewhere, but this weekend wasn't about me.The food is decent.  The service is fine.  The prices are cheap.  Not much else to say.  We had omelettes and they were good.  I've definitely had worse and I've definitely had better.
2	Cheap and food is a typical coffee shop. if you are looking for cheap food good service try it. looking for a good meal skip
1	Hadn't been here in a year,  decided on movies with kids. Afterwards we went to Coronado cafe and it was one of the worst dining experiences ever.  Of the four meals one tasted good.  The rest the food was cold,  server apathetic,  and summing up my manners I politley asked for warmer food letting him know it was cold.  The server politely took our meals back and brought back slightly warm crappy meals.  This place used to serve the best mashed potatoes.   Now they taste like paper machae (sp) .   Horrible horrible horrible.
3	I can only comment on the graveyard specials. For the price, the food was pretty good. I tried the burger which was huge and cooked just right. The hub ordered breakfast and he was pleased. It's tough to get eggs just the way he likes it, and they cooked them perfectly. If you get there right at midnight, there will be a long line. People really line up for the cheap menu.
5	this review is strictly for their midnight steak and eggs.. technically called "graveyard specials"SO GOOOOOODI think it's safe to say I go here at least once a month.. and keep in mind I live in LA. they have good food at a super cheap price.. my favorite are the biscuits and gravy and the eggs, hashbrown, sausage combo.. i always order those 2.. sometimes i'll get the cheeseburger..i'm not saying that this is top notch gourmet food and you cant get it anywhere else.. it's just a place to get delicious breakfast food at 2 in the morning and pay a realllly good price for it.. after going here i don't even think about going to denny's or all the other quick breakfasty places.. the reason why this place gets 5 stars.. it's just an amazing setup.. 12-6am ... super cheap prices.. quick.. somewhere i always want to go.. the ultimate "go to place"
2	Ah yes, the famous $4 steak and eggs sometimes referred to as "steggs". Maybe it's my fault for not ordering the steggs but really at 1am my body was not feeling like steak. It just wanted fries... lots of fries!I went with a large group 10+ people, and we waited in line outside to get seated. We played games so time passed by quickly (although in reality I think we waited around 30 minutes). After getting seated we ordered our drinks. I had a shirley temple. It didn't really taste like a shirley temple (not enough grenadine) but whatever I dealt with it because I knew that soon I would be eating fries!I split a cheeseburger and fries with one of my friends.  The burger meat tasted a little off. It wasn't gamey but it tasted sort of like paper? I didn't finish my half of the burger because the texture and taste was so off that I couldn't bring myself to finish it. The fries were alright, definitely not crispy enough but at least they provided us with ketchup, mayo, and some sort of thousand island dip!Honestly if I lived in Vegas I could see this as a great place to hang out with friends. The food is really less than average but it's affordable in a relatively expensive city and it's open late! However I wouldn't exactly put this on my to-do list if you're visiting from out of town.
4	3.95 steak n eggs! That should of got your attention! No player card needed. Available from midnight to 6 am. They also have other good choices off their graveyard menu. I love this place because unlike some other places, you don't get to breathe in cancer causing smoke while you are eating. The ventilation is really good here. Service is above average. The only thing you gotta worry about is sometimes there is a long line just right before midnight just so everybody can get those graveyard specials. So if you are already starving, you will probably get all cranky waiting to sit down and order. You might wann pack a snickers cuz just like the commercial, you're not you when you're really hungry.
4	Can't really complain about its midnight value. For $3.95, you get a steak cooked to whichever context you'd like, hash browns, two eggs, and two toast! The midnight happy hour menu deal goes on everyday from 12AM - 6AM. It's a bang for the buck. The quality is nothing to rave about since it's not like you're paying double digits. However, outside the discount, this food can be quite pricey for its quality.Service is above average. Because these midnight hours are the busiest, they tend to be inconsistent but as a man of value, I'll never argue with this value.
4	The only reason why I'm giving this place 4 stars is because of it's Graveyard menu....$3.95 Steak and Eggs or $1.95 Biscuits and gravy!This is the best kept secret and so awesome to break from your tables or return from a fun night on the strip to dine in your hotel or even take it up to your room.PS it does run a bit slow as it gets crowded but service was great! It's 12 - 6 am and for 21 and older only. The food is well worth it especially cause my hubby and I were able to take it back to our rooms!
3	The food is average. I liked the service. The ham and cheese omelet I got for breakfast is maybe a little better than an average Denny's. It doesn't seem to be made with especially fresh ingredients or skill.The service was friendly and that helped.
2	My eggs were dry, and the hashed browns were greasy. My friend's breakfast burrito suffered the same. It was frustrating for our beverages, as one person in my party ordered a grape juice (they don't have it) and instead received a grapefruit juice. Service was disorganized and inattentive. Of the three meal experiences I had at casinos this week, this one was the bottom.
1	Off the strip a couple of minutes.  The steak & eggs are $3.99. Beware! The service is absolutely horrible! I guess it's 3 am and all but waited nearly 30 minutes to get our order in and another 40 minutes to get our food.You better be high off your ass for the steak and eggs to taste delicious. but come on it's 3.99Don't go here sober.....
3	we came here on a saturday night to get the steak and eggs meal. got 2 for 9 bucks!! - waited 15min to be seated. 5min to order. 35min to receive our food! go people watch. look at all the tables ordering the steak meal and be jealous -___-- unbelievable prices! i might just eat here every night and never cook again! lol- steak was made medium. basically the meat was cooked well done on the thin piece and rare on the thicker piece. good medium. lol- you wont get over medium eggs. good ol over easy. - i'd come back again. maybe on a off night. SO CHEAP, definitely worth waiting an hour for. haha. well, almost...
2	There's probably better places with faster service and steaks ordered medium, which are actually well done. The upsides are the graveyard prices and close proximity. Or I just went on a really bad night. :/
4	This place is a great value. The steak is very good quality especially for the price. We make a trip to South Point each trip, and have a meal at the Coronodo Cafe. It's also cooked the way you ask, you get soup/salad, steak, and a potato for $12.99 (I believe). The lines aren't usually that long. If this place was on the strip, you'd wait over an hour to eat guaranteed.
2	Ate their 2x last week.  The service is crazy slow and add in some "who cares" attitude from some low-rent servers.  Reason for 2 visits is that we were staying at the resort.  I've eaten there many times over the years and it has gone done hill, way down hill.  There was a time that you could not beat a casino coffee shop for value and quality.  Neither exist here unfortunately.  No excuse for soggy cold food especially when the restaurant is not busy.  Why can't one item be brought out by itself?  Why must it be part of a huge tray?  Where is the food cooked --- Detroit?
5	Damn their food is really cheap and surprisingly really delicious! Worth the drive and wait... Their staff are friendly and very industrious.  Give them a try- you won't be disappointed.
2	If you are local.. you know about $3.95 Steak and Eggs at SouthPoint. That's right.. $3.95 for everyone's favorite slab of meat paired with the incredible edible egg. I was more of a fan of the biscuits and gravy (1.95) or the cheeseburger (3.95)Unfortunately, I will NOT be frequenting here anymore. The catastrophic demise came a few weeks ago. If you are a creature of the night and venture here please be forewarned that somewhere between 3am-4am they are doing credit reports and their system will not allow payments with anything but cash. So.. at 4am you are left to stand around a counter in a drunken sleepy state while the system is "reporting"  This happened for the second time a few weeks ago and we were standing there for about 10 minutes when I asked to speak to a manager - Finally someone came up-- obviously not the Manager, expressed no sympathy. I told him this was the second time this happened and its frustrating when its 4am and you have to wait 15 minutes to pay your bill. He seemed frustrated with  me and gave me a disgusting grimace and walked away. pshhhhhh .... Sucks.. Now I gotta find a better spot for late night grub.. Maybe Terribles?
5	4 in the morning and craving a steak an egg meal? Look no further! only $3.95 here. Now that's a great deal in Vegas!!! You get what you pay for in portion and price but definitely a good drive to make off the strip. Expect the same service you get at any Ihop or Denny's.
4	I am only reviewing the graveyard menu, but what a great thing it is. You can get every item on that menu for less than $25 and it would be enough food for about 6 people. I personally love the steak and eggs for $3.95. Are you kidding me, $3.95!? Guess what, it's actually good too. I have had a good quality steak every time I've gotten it. In the interest of full disclosure, I have only every been here once that I was not pretty well intoxicated. To my surprise, I enjoyed the food just as much that time as all of the other visits. My favorites on the menu are the steak and eggs, biscuits and gravy ($1.95 for 2 full biscuits smothered in gravy), two egg breakfast, and the cheeseburger isn't bad either.  I understand it's kind of out of the way most of the time, but for a cheap late night drunken breakfast it's the best place to drop my Hamilton. The graveyard specials are served from 12am to 6am seven days a week.
4	Breakfast anytime(love it)  The pancakes or the French toast you can't go wrong
5	I can't find anything wrong with this place. And I ate here twice. Here's what you can expect: 24/7 service, friendly enough, American, Chinese, Mexican food cooked to order, delivered fast, low priced, huge portions, and quite tasty. But it gets even better. If you're either a night owl or an early riser, you get to take advantage of the late night menu from 12:00 midnight to 6:00 am. For $3.95, there's a limited but very generous menu open to you. $3.95. Where else can you get that? My personal favorite: The Cowboy Omelette. A HUGE omelette with whatever you like in it, topped with baked cowboy beans. It was awesome! I've never been able to find anything quite like it anywhere else. That was dinner. The next morning I came back for breakfast and had the pancakes. Also very good (and pretty large, too). There is also a counter area if you'd prefer to dine there. Please keep in mind I'm not giving it five stars because they necessarily have the best steak in Vegas. If you want premium steak, you need to go to a steakhouse. But within Coronado Cafe's class, they deliver five star products and service.And be advised, there can be pretty long lines for the midnight menu, particularly right around opening time at 12:00 am. So plan accordingly. But it's great to know that if you wake up at 3:00 am with the munchies, you can walk right downstairs and get some Cowboy Omelette. Or whatever you like. Just one of many things that makes the South Point such a great place to stay.
3	So I guess NO TAKEOUT option huh. Geez Coronado Cafe, i wanted to try your grub up in my room very late in the night early evening and you did not come through for me dude, not cool at all.Oh Well, from the looks of it there was a long line and I am sure it was well worth that wait, but at 3am all i want to do is eat and knockout!Only place open in a mile span.
1	Service was good. Pepper steak was terrible. How do you make fried rice so bad??
4	we stayed at southpoint for the first 3 days of December, and ate breakfast here...I got the 2 eggs, sausage, hash browns and toast...each time it was done perfect!  I SO want to know what brand the sausage links are, as they were delicious! can't wait to be back in Vegas, and will surely eat our breakfast here, as it's so filling and is a great way to start the day!
2	We ended up at Coronado Cafe after discovering a huge line and wait at the Studio B buffet at 2:30 PM on a Thursday. Seriously, WTF.There are signs all over advertising super cheap specials, but those are only available late at night. Pretty much everything is the $10-12 range and there is a $12.99 special for a porterhouse or prime rib. There is also a menu of Chinese food, which seems, um, interesting. I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs. The chicken fried steak itself was really tough and the batter was soggy and greasy. I liked the crispy hashbrowns and the generous amount of gravy, though. Service was just okay, pretty much in line with what Raul T. said below.The highlight of my meal had to be that a table near us had apparently dined and dashed. It was really weird because it was a pretty big group and it looked like a family. Even security guards came to scope out the scene, although I'm not entirely sure what clues they were looking for. Maybe take fingerprints off the cups??
4	I always go here late night for Steak and Eggs. Though sometimes it gets busy, it gets worth the wait for the cheap prices after midnight. Their servers are pretty good, They are friendly and check up on you a few times seeing if you need any help.
3	This place is all about cheap late night food and turn over.. and they don't even try to hide it.So in the interests of full-disclosure, I have never ordered anything outside of the late-night $1.95 - $5.95 menu. Maybe the food quality and service is different if you order of the complete menu, maybe its not, I wouldn't know. Suffice to say, about 90% of the people who are here after midnight are here for the steak and eggs and other specials and the servers know it.This place is all about turn over. When the average diner is spending less than bucks on their meal, the servers try as hard as they can to get you seated, fed, and out the door. With that being said, if you are looking for actual service that you find at most hotel cafes, look somewhere else. Your server will automatically bring you waters for everyone, and your check before you are even done eating. Once the food has arrived at the table, you are highly unlikely to see your waiter again. To be honest, this doesn't surprise or irk me in the slightest. Every time I come here, I know exactly what to expect. Ok food, cheap prices, and no service. But you do get what you pay for.The food itself is not spectacular, but its good for the price. Its a perfect place for cheap late night eats. Many of the diners are usually drunk from the dollar drinks at the bowling alley or just got back from a club. Definitely check it out if your in the area and want some cheap late night food.
3	My husband and I took a staycation at the South Point. About 1am, hunger struck and we went to Coronado Cafe for graveyard specials. The restaurant was slammed but the staff handled it well. They were well organized and maintained smiles. Our server was a champ too. We were quite impressed. I had steak and eggs ($3.95), The husband had hamsteak and eggs ($2.95). No fuss, just cheap and quick. I've really missed graveyard specials. We used to take advantage of them every week our first couple year's of living here. Great option to curb late night hunger!
1	had the porterhouse steak 12.99 special dinnersteak was tough, very gristly, not a steak I would want to eat in public because I kept having to pull half eaten bits of gristle out of my mouth and place on plate not worth it
3	Midnight menu is great for it's price. Half the staff looks miserable every time I come in to eat, especially the cashiers. They never smile and they always have a snobby attitude. Other than that, this place is great to grab cheap good quality food, (except for the steak on the midnight menu).
4	I came here on the recommendations of a friend for $3.99 steak and eggs. The deal lasts from 11-6 am so definitely come for a cheap eat. There are no substitutions either. The thing that I remember the most is that nobody said thank you the entire time I was there. I said hello to the host and all he said back was how many. The guy who took our drink order just stood there and said drinks? Our waiter said what would you like to order. So I am definitely not overexaggerating when I say there was no hellos, no pleasantries, nothing. It wasn't to just me either. Everyone was equally rude to everybody. Maybe because it was a little before 6 and they were tired. Maybe the smoking gets to you and you become mad at everyone. Whatever the case this place needs a customer service overhaul. Now I've got that out of the way, the food is decent. The steak was a nice size. I was very pleased for $4. I got it well done and it wasn't burnt. It had a nice charbroiled flavor. I needed to add salt and pepper, but I was very satisfied. The toast was good as well. They came lightly buttered and you can add jelly. I liked them with or without the jelly. The hashbrowns were amazing! They tasted like they were cooked in butter! I have never had hashbrowns out this good. I traded my eggs for hashbrowns with someone at my table and I was in hashbrown heaven!I will definitely be back! Even with bad service, nothing comes close to steak, potatoes, eggs AND toast for $4!
3	It was my last night in Vegas. It was 3:30AM and I had just wrapped up a session of NL Hold 'Em. What to do next ... sleep? Please. This was my third time in Vegas, and there was one Vegas tradition that I had not checked off my list yet - grabbing a late night special from a casino diner. So off I went to the Coronado Cafe!Not surprisingly, the place was about half full at 3:30 AM. I opted for the "Pancake Sandwich" late night special - 2 pancakes with a slice of ham stuck in-between, and a fried egg on top. Egg was cooked perfectly, and I broke the yolk to make a runny mess on the plate, then added syrup. Pancakes were OK, a bit dense. Coffee was, well, late night diner coffee. Go to Seattle's Best near the casino entrance for a good cup during the day ... at the late night, this was acceptable. Coronado Cafe is nothing mind-blowing ... it's just basic late night casino/diner food prepared fairly well. I'd recommend another option at South Point during the day (Del Mar Cafe, Steak N Shake), but Coronado Cafe is fine for the late night casino munchies.
2	Prices were very cheap for the late night specials. However, service was terrible. Lucky for them, they already include gratuity in large parties; otherwise, I would have left a mediocre tip.
2	Ok I change my mind, not only are the cashiers stuck up and cranky (the graveyard ones at least) but some of the servers are sh**** as well. Specifically this Filipino guy.. I don't know if we're allowed to put names on here, so I won't. But he was very curt, and didn't even greet. Only reason why I even come back here is the food.. and the only reason why these people are getting tips is because I work of off tips. Piss me off...
3	Honestly, if it weren't for $4 steaks this place would blow lol. Steaks are pretty mediocre, but hey four bucks. Also the wait time will grow you old. Everyone in the lobby also reeks of smoke or alcohol picking fights.With that said, no Vegas trip of mine is complete without a visit to South Point for this
1	Overall an underwhelming experience. We were lured by the low prices but forgot the old saying, you get what you pay for. My $7.95 flat iron steak with blue cheese crumble was as flavorless as it gets. There were only a few little chunks of blue cheese. The mashed potatoes were as plain as they comes. To top t all off, it came with a scoop of peas. What is this, a school cafeteria? I've had worse meals but this ranks right up there. My wife had a Ruben. I've seen 5 year olds make better looking sandwiches. The corned beef was dry and boring and the bread was a joke. The potato salad was crusty, like it had been sitting around all day. I read many reviews about how great the midnight specials are, apparently that is the only time they care about their customers. When the waitress asked how our meal was, I replied that the food was bland and tasteless. She replied with, "sorry about that" and walked away. She came back with the check about 20 minutes later. Who cares about customer service when you have this many thousands of customers each day. Do yourself a favor, stick to the local restaurants and avoid the common casino cafes. This one is at the top of my list of the worst casino cafes in Las Vegas.
3	For late night munchies if I'm ending my night at South-point, if that is where I'm hanging out, for none other than the raved reviews for.....drum roll....Breakfast deals!  Just giving it 3 stars because the service is mediocre, sometimes you have to stand up and get help, don't forget you are still near the casino where you could possibly still inhale the smoke, and if you are like me, come here for their graveyard specials, expect a long line.  Its been a while since I've had the late night munchies, and they have really expanded on their menu, so that's a plus.  I had a Short Rib Omelette, and it was nothing spectacular, so next time, I will stay with the breakfast deals.  I always try to order something new to taste, but I think for this particular cafe, I'll stick with the breakfast.
4	:) YUMM!!
4	My friends and I are at this place almost religiously. So much that we have come to recognize all the regular hosts, wait staff, bussers, and cashiers. We even have given many of them nicknames. I have yet to try this place in the daytime because the late night specials is where it's at. I can personally vouch for every item on the late night menu. My personal favorites are the steggs (steak and eggs) and the biscuits and gravy. If you're looking for a place to recover after a night out drinking with some solid food, this is it. Service may not always be the greatest depending on who your server is and how busy it gets, but it's hard to complain for the price you pay.
2	I love casino coffee shops and I love late-night eats, but this place just annoys me. I'm a low-carb eater and it is like pulling teeth to get the kitchen to substitute a veggie or salad for their mounds of mashed potatoes. Really? I know starches are cheaper than some greens but come on! A restaurant ought to allow substitutions (even if the customer has to pay a little extra to get what they want). But nope. The food is fine, nothing outstanding but if you are hungry it'll do. The South Point's restaurants are not the star of the property. If you can, I'd try to eat elsewhere.
4	Had breakfast here. Huge pancakes! Very good food and good service.
2	I don't think anyone in my family ever had smooth sailing at this place. We have fallen victim to billing issues, rude service, sour stomachs, rice so old it was crunchy, tough steak, hamburger that was cooked on a filthy grill ( the back has all kinds of black charred junk from the grill).... That being said perhaps it was just bad luck.. but I personally don't care for much at Southpoint restaurants in general. I think this place is ok for convenience and I'd imagine they can't mess up eggs so breakfast is probably ok but do not go here thinking you are going to engage in fine dining or even yummy diner kind of dining. Not recommended really, in my opinion just go to the coffee shop and eat a bakery item to hold you over til dinner. :P
3	Drinking at the bowling alley at the Southpoint on a Sunday night. The four of us were drunk and wanted breakfast, so we went to the Coronado Cafe. Nothing much to say.  It wasn't the greatest breakfast, but it wasn't bad either.  You can't beat a $3.99 steak and eggs special.  It satisfied our breakfast craving.
4	I hear the Chinese food is amazing but I was feeling "blue plate special" this visit.  The line was so long but being single I walked right in and had a seat at the counter.  Went for the daily $12.95 special Porterhouse.  Its not going to win any blue ribbons for best steak in town but I was impressed.  Cooked very nice and came with salad and baked potato.  the early bird special at Billy Bob's Sams Town is way better but its not apples to apples either.  Can't go wron for that price and being a South Point regular, I haven't had a bad meal yet at this casino.
2	service was ok, food was so badly cook, so oily, and the ingredients are not fresh. But if you are drunk and hungry, this is the place for you
4	Since I last reviewed the Coronado Cafe, the portion shrink ray has hit some of my favorites. The kung pao chicken now barely fills 1/3 of a dinner plate; and the pad thai seems shrunken as well.  In other updates, the prime rib is only served until 11P (maybe I was wrong last time saying it was 24H) and the wi-fi is now pay-as-you-go.
3	Late night specials are great. Cheep Breakfast food and Burgers after midnight. Coffee was not the greatest. DId the trick before the journey back to LA.
4	Id leave 5 stars, but we waited almost half an hour to be seated...because they were short staffed.Food is really REALLY good! late night steak and eggs are the best bargain around.Even the chinese food is goodPerfect late night munchies spot.
4	Due to a very late arrival, I as planned arrived with my kids for my daughters graduation.  We got to South Point at 0100 hours, I was beat and starving.  Coronado was the only thing open.  Bearing in mind how horrible my last visit was, I bowed to kid pressure and we went in.  Other than having to wait for a table and the loudness of drunk casino eaters, the experience was very GOOD.  Our waiter Isturius (sp), from Los Angeles was fantastic, the food was PERFECT.   Total turnaround from last meal there.  Bravo.  Oh, and the mashed potatoes were fantastic !
5	Still love the South Point. Still earns all five stars. But they did away with the Cowboy Omelette! Noooooooooo........Oh well. Still many good items on the menu. There's a South of the Border Omelette I got in June 2013 instead. It's not the same but will have to do.  [sigh]
3	1 thing, why does a 24/7 restaurant close for cleaning?  seems like you could do 1 half and them the other half?
5	$3.75....steak and eggs...can't beat that from midnight -0600
1	Two words: Service sucks!It took us 20 minutes to order our food. Once we tried to ask the waiter that we were ready she said she was busy,Do not go here.Food was ok. The only thing I think intrigued me was the $3.99 steak and eggs for late night.
4	I work an awkward graveyard shift, and its difficult to find good restaurants open at 5am. I heard about the Coronado cafe's graveyard special at the south point hotel, and Since south point is less than five minutes from my job, i decided to go check it out. Firstly, I was shocked to see the prices for the graveyard special. less than $4  for new york steak and eggs?!? Omg. Not only were they inexpensive, but they were delicious. My taste buds and my wallet were dancing with joy! Secondly, the service is very good. I waited less than 10 minutes to receive my food and the staff was super friendly; my waiter came around every so often to refill my drink or to make sure everything was alright. He had good timing, not like some waiters who come to your table every five seconds, while you're chewing your food to ask if you need anything else. Or like some waiters who bring you your food, and you don't see them again till it's time to pay.All I'm saying is, that Coronado cafe is my go to spot for grabbing good breakfast after work. Annnd, you should go give it a try =]
5	Ok. I am so full I can hardly write this review. We came in around 1 a.m. For the $3.95 steak and egg breakfast and just finished dessert. Blueberry pie a la mode was delish, as was the New York and the hash browns (something I usually have no problem leaving on the plate). There was pretty long line for this nightly 'Midnight Special' - about 30 minutes' wait - but the line kept moving, so it wasn't that bad.But the real reason I want to write this review is for the service! It was outstanding. Both our server, Jeffrey (so friendly and energetic), and our busser, Erish, showed a great work ethic and were very attentive. I have long worked in food service, and if I had a restaurant, I'd hire them both!
4	for $4 steak and eggs, and $3 biscuits and gravy you cant be picky on how good the food is BUT the steak was cooked well, eggs were good, hash brown could've been better though.  The biscuits and gravy were excellent!! will definitely go back
3	I frequent this place time and time again.  Friends in town?  Lets visit for some 3.95 steak and eggs!  However, it does get quite busy at night, so be prepared to wait in line.  The food isn't bad, especially for what you're paying.  It's kind of hit or miss.  Sometimes it's great sometimes the food is overcooked.  But again, how can you go wrong for the price?
3	Not a bad place to get food specials under $4. Service was not horrendous as they do get very busy here with high volume of folks lining up for good steggs after clubbing hours.
4	We went at about 2am and took advantage of their Graveyard Specials. It was only $3.59 for the New York Steak and Eggs; that is what I recommend. It comes with a good size steak, two eggs prepared your way, and hash browns.The service was great, constantly checking your table to ensure you have a great experience. Overall it was a wonderful meal  and the atmosphere was great. I really recommend it.
4	I always come here with my uncle & aunt who live nearby. This is one of the places they often go to. They've made many friends with the people who work here, and many of the waitors would walk over to our table & talk to us. We would always come here for the late night specials :) It's nothing like what we get at 1AM back home in San Francisco. Haha
1	Pretty much inedible. Ordered their French Onion soup and it was WAY too salty to eat. Server told me that French Onion soup is salty- yeah, no it's not supposed to be. My scrambled eggs were runny/watery and my hash browns lacked any potato flavor what so ever. I will never eat here again. Who cares if its cheap when its also nasty!
3	Like most people, I dragged my tired butt in here for the late night specials. FOODOur steak was dry and was begging to drown in BBQ sauce (luckily provided by our server) while the eggs were simple and just boasted their own egg-y flavor. My own burger and fries weren't time-stopping, but at least they weren't barf-inducing (plus came with fairly crisp lettuce and tomato). It was a welcome salty and hot food to my tired self.SERVICEThe staff was continually running around and took our orders, delivered our food, and gave refills all in a timely manner. Very business-like yet friendly--even in the wee AM hours.
4	I was on my way in to stay at South Point and was hungry. It was breakfast time and I was thinking the ihop down the street but decided to give this place a try.  I had low expectations but was pleasantly surprised. Lets be clear, this is a diner, nothing special or fancy but it is tasty and reasonably priced.  I ate twice here, breakfast was lox and scrambled eggs and the next day lunch was a turkey burger. I would say both meals were better than I expected.  I would probably go here again if I was in the area and wanted a quick no frills meal.  I put it in the same category as ihop, Denny's or Cocos but better than all of them. And they are conveniently located in the middle of the casino floor. They are open 24 hours and have some great late night deals.
4	This doesn't require a lengthy review. It's the typical cafe in one of the local casinos. Nothing special, nothing fancy. Just decent food when you are hungry and don't want to spend a ton of money. The wait for a table, especially around midnight can be long. Expect a few drunkies and a lot of older folk there for the graveyard special. My last visit there was just average. Boyfriend and I were hungry after a night of drinking. $2.95 for hash browns, eggs, bacon and toast is an amazing deal. They also have steak and eggs for $3.95. You are only paying less than $5 for a meal, so don't expect the highest quality in food or service. Only reason they get bumped up one star to a 4 star rating instead of 3 is because their Chinese food menu is pretty darn good. Kind of surprising for an American cafe. I'm a fan. 'Nuff said.
4	4 stars should be good to them, food is very good especially the chinese food. Been here many times and I really like it. Service is good as well, never had a problem with any of the server yet, they are friendly. The only thing I hate is the food takes forever to serve. I get full by drinking my soda already. But anyway I recomend this ppace to my yelpers. By the way graveyard specials are good too. Very cheap. Steak and egg for $3.95 beat it!
2	It is a diner in an off-strip casino. I had breakfast. It was ok and the price was decent except the coffee. It was as much as the eggs almost!You can smell the equestrian center from the line for the cafe but once inside I couldn't smell it anymore. Decent on-site option for a quick bite.
2	The service was good but the food was not. Even my kids wouldn't eat their Mac and cheese. It was totally tasteless. Won't be going back.
1	God awful. Prices are high for what the food was, the food is crap, and the service is okay.
3	Breakfast was good and portions were large. Decent prices for the food, but $2.99 for mediocre and weak coffee. Also, service was efficient but not friendly. If service was friendly and better coffee for $2.-. this would of been a 4 star review. They need to study what the Golden Nugget or Station Casino's 24 hour cafe's are doing.
3	From my last review I said DEF not coming back. But apparently decided to go back the food is better but the service still need some work. Although one of our waiters was really nice. Then after he has to leave for his break, our service got pretty crappy. We had to wait and service by putting your hand up in order for a new waiter to help us. I know that they are busy, but just for a few things we asked it took a long while longer. If anything going there once in a while.
3	The porterhouse steak was pretty good for the $12.99 price.  It came with a salad and baked potato. I think the food here is much better than the Garden Buffet in the South Point.  And the coffee is better too.
3	If I was Yelping 3 years ago, I'd be the Duke by a long shot.  When I first moved to Las Vegas in 2011, South Point was my home for the first couple of months.  So that meant a lot of breakfast, lunch, and dinners at the Coronado Cafe.  Now that doesn't mean that the Coronado Cafe is a "Must" stop.  It just means that I was too lazy to leave the casino when the belly was calling.  So here's my review...Service:  This really depends on the day, the time, and how busy they are.  I've gotten service as bad as 2 stars and as good as 5 stars.  Ironically, the service is actually better during the weekend nights when they are busy.  Busy here also means a lot more employees working, which means pretty good service. I found longer waits during the quiet morning/afternoons. The Food:  There's something for everyone here. The menu is extensive and there's even Chinese Food.  My Suggestions:  -Eggs:  No one messes up eggs, Coronado doesn't either-Clam Chowder:  Pretty good stuff.  Not New England or Morro Bay good, but good enough that you'll be wanting more.-Porterhouse for $12.99:  Bang for your buck!  This is somewhat dry, so if you're use to a Medium-Well, get a Medium Plus.  -Sweet & Sour Chicken:  Surprisingly, not too bad.  -Asparagus:  Not on the menu, but they'll make it if you request it.  Good stuff!-Salmon:  I've had good and bad salmon here.  But I've had more good than bad.  Nothing really special.  Taste wise it's okay, protein wise it's worth it. -Chicken Parmesan:  Just okay, but worth the try if you're in the mood.  Take my advice, avoid these:-Grilled Halibut Steak:  Flaky just how I like my fish, but it's too dry and really fishy. -Prime Rib:  Taste like cardboard -Any of their salads.  I've never had a fresh one hereOverall, I have to say that the food is just average at best.  However, Coronado fits everyone's budget.  The food is inexpensive and if you're in the casino, the restaurant is convenient. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (495/500)
3	So the Coronado cafe is best if you need dinner before a movie at south point. It's is also a very cheap late night spot. Food and service are ok. Nothing to scream about. This is a place to grab a cheap bite if your not in a mood for anything fancy. Do not expect to be blown away but if all goes well you should leave satisfied
4	The breakfast food was very good. The waitress and waiters are very attentive.  Their coming from everywhere to make sure your ok. I ordered a omelet which had bay shrimp, alvacado and white cheddar cheese. It also come with hash browns and your choice of bread for toast.  The presentation didn't look good at all but the food was great.  (I guess the old saying is, "don't judge a book bu it's cover.")   And another thing the hot cocoa was in a very small mug and not refillable.
4	Funny how I don't have a review up for the Coronado Cafe yet, because I am always here! South Point is the closest casino to my house and it has everything that I need in an entertainment spot (for a separate review) and a plus for me is the Coronado Cafe. There is something for everyone here. What keeps me coming back and loving them is their 24/7 Porterhouse Special. When I am hungry for a steak, this is the first place that I think of. For the price of $12.95, you get a big, beautiful steak cooked to your liking, a choice of soup or salad for your side, two decent sized onion rings, and garlic bread. Doesn't that sound like a great meal for that price? If you're a late bird, I have many friends who are fans of their late night steak and eggs prices. My family sticks to ordering from the Chinese menu when they are here and my personal favorites are the fried sea bass entree, Wor Wonton Soup, and the Peking duck (ask for extra baos). The portions are big and you will most likely want to share! I am not a fan of the desserts here since both times I ordered the cheesecake and the Brownie Delight, it wasn't very good. As for the service, there are good days and mediocre days, but I have never had bad service from any of the servers here. They will continue to have my business :)
2	I went with my boyfriend for the Midnight Specials this restaurant had to offer around 2 AM. There are awesome deals like a 7 oz. NY steak with hash browns and eggs and burger with fries for about $3.75, but the customer service we had was garbage. Although the line was about a 10-15 minute wait we were seated immediately. It was pretty busy, but what made very frustrated was we waited about a good 15 minutes for our server to take orders while other parties after us got their food and drinks within the first few minutes they sat down. To add on top of that, while the other parties after us got their food quickly we waited more than 30 minutes for our New York Steak. Take note that those other parties that came after us had about two-eight people, and they got their food within 15-20 minutes. Wow! When we finally got our food our server tried being extra nice and constantly checked up on us, but that sugar coating didn't fly with me, and the funny thing is our check came a lot faster than our food did. Food was okay, but I didn't like how our server kept us waiting while the other servers brought out their parties' food more quickly and efficiently.
4	Very good     go for the prime rib      or the graveyard shift specials  midnight to 6 am
4	I only come here for midnight steak and eggs. You can't beat steak, eggs, hash brown and buttered toast all for $3.95! It's not the greatest but when I have the late night munchies and for that price, I can't really complain. Some days the steak will be huge, while other days it's just eh. Also I think well done = dried the fuck out, medium well = well done, and so on.. So if you like your steak medium like me, go for medium rare. But it's really just a hit or miss with this place. Eggs and hash brown are alright and that buttered toast is only good when it's warm. Overall, the food isn't entirely horrible but like I said it's a hit or miss!
2	HORRIBLE SERVICE. I can understand if it's really busy but to have NO ONE come to our table for over 20 minutes for our DRINK order is just ridiculous. No greet anywhere, no thank you's, and not a smile in sight by most of their staff. If you hate your job that much, why continue working there. 2 Stars because I do love their late night specials. Steak and Eggs always a good choice.
4	The service here is descent and there is always someone there to refill your water. When I went there I had a Greek salad which was good and every morning I was able to get a nutritious breakfast. I got the strawberry bowl, 2eggs and toast. My teammates got some oatmeal which they said was alright. However the hash browns were nasty to me. Tasteless and cheap.
4	Love their graveyard specials I always go for their steak and eggs or 1/2 pound burger, great service very affordable and even if there is a long line, it moves very fast.
4	BEST VALUE LATE NIGHT FOOD SPECIALS IN LAS VEGAS!The Coronado cafe (inside the SouthPointe Casino) may be a few miles South of the Strip, but it's a good place for late-night eats.  Their $3.95 steak and eggs special (including hash brown and toast) features a made-to-order steak that actually is of a decent quality!  They also have other specials, all under $4.00, that are equally tasty.  I was impressed by their service, too.  Coffees and waters were filled before we had to ask and the servers couldn't be more pleasant and helpful.  The Coronado Cafe is in a cavernous area with high ceilings, so it is huge and can be filled even at 2 am!  When we were there, I was talking to a friend so much that my food went cold.  When I asked a server to please zap it in a microwave, she returned with ALL NEW FOOD!  What a pleasant surprise.  I'd recommend the Coronado Cafe to anyone who's looking for a great late-night value.  Unfortunately, the only complaints I would have are that 1) the place is so large it can be quite noisy and 2) their late-night specials menu could include a flat pancake & egg dish.  Currently, all they offer is a pancake sandwich similar to a McGriddle.
2	Bad service ... Came towards the end of the breakfast rush so we expected a bit of a wait for things but it was worse than we figured. Coffee and waters took 10+ min; our waitress finally showed up (her lack of English hindered what we were trying to order, she kept repeating things back severely wrong).  With that being said, she messed up 2 of the 7 meals + one bakery Danish was old and hard as a rock. We hardly saw our waitress, had to waive down other servers for napkins/utensils + refills.
1	greatly pains me to do this, but this one star review is not tied to the food, but the lady that brings the coffee and water...she sat a coffee cup in front of me that was obviously used...it had the sip strip down the side, and drips else where...I called her back and said the cup was dirty..she told me that it wasn't dirty, that she must have bumped it while carrying it to the table...felt the cup, and the coffee stains were definitely dry...called her back again, and she asked if I would like a new cup...YA THINK! ..wow, that really fried me that she would even bring it in the first place, then try and lie her way out of replacing it...imagine the bacteria that could be on that cup, left by the former drinker....other than that the food was good as always, but this is a health hazard, and hope that management staff will cover this important issue with their coffee servers....
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'm a a local and I work in the restaurant industry as well, so I know how service works. I came after watching a movie with my family and since I've only been here once with my husband for a late night dinner, we enjoyed it. As soon as we come in the door the host just points his finger to the host at the end of the restaurant meaning "go to her she will sit you" or so I think. We go and the hosts takes us to the booth . As we sat down he took our drink selections right away with a pretty emotionless face no smile no "hello, how are we today", nothing. So we did take about 5 minutes to order since it is a rather big menu selection, so we let the server know we still needed a few. more minutes to decide. I guess the server Marlon decided to take quite a long time to come back to us since we ended up waiting about 10-15minutes. When he finally did, we ordered and he acted with a careless attitude and said "OK" and left. OK, that's fine I guess. Then the food took quite a  long time, we were planning on leaving since the server was careless and everything seemed to be taking ages to come. But we didn't, we gave it another shot. My mother really didn't like the water soo much so she wanted a raspberry ice-t so when Marlon came walking by we asked him for one. Never came with one so we asked the young lady who refills the drinks to bring us one. She finally did with a smile as well.  Finally when the food came  at last, we eagerly ate with satisfaction that made me a litter happier. So then we don't find the server Marlon for about 20 minutes and my nephew and brother wanted ketchup and soy sauce ,we waited to see if he was ever going to show up again, he didn't,.. what a surprise. So I saw the manager and waved her down to see if SHE can bring the condiments to us she said "Of course" with a smile. I thank her for that ! we finally ate in peace and Marlon came at the end of it all and we asked for boxes, he came quickly with those! And we got the check and went to go pay. Thinking that was the worst ever, I was wrong!! The cashier was the rudest. When I asked her politely if she can split the check, she said 'yeah" with a rude attitude. WHATEVER I thought!! Then as we signed the receipts I thought why tip, but MARLON was lucky to EVEN get a penny FROM ME,  but I gave him a dollar ANYWAYS because his quality of service was just that of a dollar. So as the cashier asked if we wanted our copies we said yes. And she gave me mine, then My mom didn't see her copy so she went back to her to ask for it POLITELY the rude ass lady slammed her hand on the copy and said "HERE". I'm sorry but if you don't have time to have a smile and manners to be in the service industry no matter how old you are you should QUIT and go elsewhere. I put up with the rudest people at my job but yet I have respect for anyone who has the decency to smile and act polite!! My family and I didn't deserve such shitty service, no one does! THANKS for nothing!
2	The first time I came here, my server seemed like I was inconveniencing her with my order. The food was less than average and grossly overpriced. I hoped it was a fluke, so I went a second time and the people behind me in line were seated before me and my meal took an absurd amount of time to be served. I will not be returning to this restaurant.
4	This cafe is most known for their graveyard midnight specials. Ever since the ol gold coast closing their cafe down, and Orlean's stopped having a good deal, this is the place to go for their $3.95 Steak n Egg's deal ! Sometimes they are super busy, resulting in a long wait line. Sometimes you walk straight in. Depends on if there are any events or holidays or even weekends. I even had one experience where we came here late at night/early in the morning around 4-5am, on a memorial day weekend, and they ran out of steaks ! Due to their huge popularity of their midnight menu, their consistency ranges widely. If theres a lot of people, you have a fairly low chance in getting the correct cook temp on your steak. Being a guy who loves his medium rare steaks, you can't cook it for too long otherwise you'd go into the medium to medium well territory fairly easily. Huge cafe, tons of people, im pretty sure they don't have that many cooks doing the orders. Not easy to keep an eye on every single steak and pay attention to how through it has been cooked. Aside from the 3.95 steak n eggs, there's also other items on the menu like biscuits & gravy, ham steak & eggs, eggs & bacon/sausage, for different prices (lower than steak n eggs i believe) Steak & Eggs - $3.95 - 6 - 8oz ny strip with 2 eggs, hash browns, and toast. Meat quality isnt the greatest. Definitely you get for what you pay but at 12am, there's almost no other deal that you can get. As i had said before, i like my steaks medium rare, but also don't mind it being less than medium rare. So as one of my friends has taught me, i order RARE. Rare typically is a heat kissed steak with a cold, red center. Once in a while, i do get that, but usually the "rare" will end up in medium rare (pink, warm center) to medium (minimal pink) territory. Aside from the steak, i order over-easy eggs and toast. Egg's are usually pretty spot on, in terms of cook, which is a good thing. I love a nice rich runny yolk with my toast. Service wise, you'll have two people. One who takes your order, brings your food, and your receipt to take up to pay, then never see again.... Then the other, who does your drink orders and refills. You'll see the drink guy much more often than the actual waiter/waitress. Overall, great place to get a midnight meal. Note: you aren't limited to 1 order per person. if you ARE definitely hungry, you can order two and share or just eat both your self :P om nom nom !
2	Decent food at an affordable price. We came to eat here around 1am on a Friday night when we first arrived in Vegas. It was pretty busy but we were seated right away. I shared the 7 oz. steak with hash browns, eggs, and toast with my boyfriend because I wasn't too hungry. The steak was OK at best - it was well done on one half and medium on the other, we asked for medium- but who's complaining for under $4? Hash browns weren't really crispy but the toast was good and the eggs were all right. Overall everything was lacking in salt; understandable given the older crowd. OK place if you're drunk or don't feel like going out to the strip but definitely not a destination eatery.
3	It was just ok. The service was very good, but the Chinese we ordered wasn't. We ordered the orange and general chicken with fried rice. The chicken was over done and the rice was very dry. Don't think we'll be back.
5	Wow after midnight i have not looked but i am sure many have said the same thing!SUCH A FREAKING WONDERFUL DEAL!!! I mean come on now! The Value is so, so, so GREAT! It makes me want to movie there i can save so much on food! and the taste and quality is very good not the best but for the price its DAM good!Every time i go to Vegas i try to stay up late just for this!
5	Great value mid night special!!!! Love this place. Only $3.95 for 7 oz steak, I go there everyday.
5	Love it here, best steaks and eggs ! Great for locals and the staff are awesome! I'm a regular here all the time :)
2	We stayed in the South Point for a week so I sadly got to frequent this "Cafe". The food is marginal most of the time. Every now and then it drops to "Crappy" but if you know this going into things then you're ready for it. We were there as a big group for the week and the general consensus was the same as mine for the entire group. I had the chicken fried steak.. the hash and eggs and some sort of omelet over the course of the week and it was all just ehh.  I finished my breakfast every time but one.. the omelet was just plain not good and I left half of it and forced everyone to pause while I stooped on our way to our event to "Speak into the Clown" at a local drive-thru.  The service was friendly every time but once.. (I'll get to that in a minute) but is HORRIBLY slow... painfully, agonizingly, annoyingly slow..  I can guarantee you two things.. 1.) You WILL wait forever. Not so much for your food as it comes fairly quickly but for the server to do anything.  2.) Your beverage WILL go empty and sit there for a while like that. Recommendations for the Coronado cafe??1.) Go someplace else if you can. 2.) Budget LOTS of time. 3.) If dining alone... bring a book or something.
5	Been their a lot. Have always liked everything from the burger to the great Chinese food!
3	Is just a regular cafe, I guess the location makes this particular cafe better than similar cafes. I walked in from the pool and was happy to see that there was not a line. it might be the only place in the hotel without a line.... I intended to eat a healthy option but ended up getting a chocolate chip cookie. This always seems to happen for some reason which adds to the number of days I have to go jogging this week.
2	We haven't been to the Coronado Cafe in some time and I used to frequent it during late work hours. The food was always adequate and the service good and friendly. Last night, we decided to go late bowling and have a 2am breakfast there. The cafe was full of patrons with a line to get seated but we managed to be seated within 10-15 mins, so that wasn't too bad. Once we were seated it was bad news. 15 more minutes to be noticed in the corner where they sat us. We made our food order, Chicken Salad and Lox and Cream Cheese Bagel. Nothing needing to be cooked and 2 glasses of water. It took 45mins to be served! The waitress forgot the bagel and at first was going to argue that it didn't come with one until she read the ticket, abruptly stopped her sentence and walked away bringing a bagel 5mins later. My wife's Chicken Salad was dry and tasted like the chicken had been sitting a while. Then they never refilled our water glasses. I asked the waitress on 2 occasions for a water refill and it never came. Then as we left and I told her we never got our water, she just smiled and said "Have a nice day."I know things can get pretty busy for waitresses and their staff but they do have busers to help them and we only saw ours once.Needless to say, we won't be going back to that restaurant for while if ever again. Too many other places to go and be taken care of in Vegas to go back to that mess.
3	Came for their late night Steak & Eggs special.. It went up from 3.95 to 4.95! Waitresses were nice, there was no wait and you get a good amount of food. You basically get what you pay for though, quality was pretty bad but if I was drunk it probably would've been great.
5	The only thing here that was better than my lunch was the service. I had liver and onions and it was served hot, tender and delicious. I also had the beef barley soup and that too was hot and delicious. The wait staff is extremely attentive. Not often you get this quality in a casino 24 hour cafe. I know where I will be eating the rest of my stay. I just added a piece of chocolate cream for good measure. Delicious flakey not graham or frozen crust.
1	When Yelp says a 1-star is "Eek! Methinks not.", nothing comes close except for my experience at Coronado Cafe.  When I rate a 1 star, it pretty much guarantees that I won't be returning to an establishment for any reason. Here's why.1. Service here is nonexistent.  Servers have little to no personality, or even any experience to serve in the first place.  Beverages remained unfilled, food orders were not accurate based on server's errors, One word: atrocious. That best describes the service that was provided here.2. Prices are low, but for the bad service and food quality, this doesn't really get any props or anything.3.  Food items are bland, but for paying $3, I guess you get what you paid for.  I rather pay $7 for the same stuff it is prepared correctly with service that actually mattered.Overall, this was probably one of the worst dining experiences I ever had.  I'm not going back.
5	One of my go to spots after midnight after a night out or when friends are in town. Can't beat $4.95 steak and eggs and  other cheap meals available after midnight.
4	This is definitely a spot for locals. Located off the strip, I would say 4 stars only because of the midnight specials. This is the place to go when you want a cheap meal during the late nights or after going crazy around the night life in Vegas. I've been here so many times with different thoughts. I was here last night with a great experience. My waiter was really nice and so outgoing that I knew I was gonna tip him from the start. I love friendly people! But this place has got to be a hit and miss because there have been times where service sucked and the food was off, but a majority of the time it's still worth coming. Tonight was another good experience. Our waiter was nice, straight, and to the point. Got our food fast. No complaints here. I recommend "steggs," the steak and eggs, after midnight. Steak, hash browns, eggs, and toast for $4.95. Not too shabby after spending all you've got on the Strip or somethin. 4/5 for price & quality for what you pay. Open 24 hours. Oh, and I've also had their brownie sundae which was delicious and their cereal, which are both more on the pricey side. But coming here, I'll definitely stick to the late night specials. Always a place I'd recommend!
3	Once upon a time, tales were told of a great steak and eggs special for $3.95. The name of South Point was reverently proclaimed as the king of the late night specials. And all was good.First time I ever made it out there was earlier this week. The steak and eggs special was $4.95 from midnight to 6am. But as people often become when they stay up late, we were hungry, And so we went.The older gentlemen taking our orders was very efficient in going through the routine of asking how we wanted our steak cooked, our eggs done, and our bread choice... uh, chosen.Anyway, I got a medium rare with scrambled eggs and wheat toast. The steak came out cooked about right, but that protein was pretty tough to chew. The eggs were pretty cool, and the toast was definitely nice with the jellies provided (strawberry, orange marmalade, grape). Hash browns tasted fine with ketchup but were otherwise a somewhat disappointing, mushy-below-the-surface concoction.If I was here at the right time or night, I'd order it again. But it's not a destination of choice for uber-late dining.
2	I might be biased for eating good Chinese food for many years, but this place was disgusting in making Chinese food. I'm not much of a fan of restaurants that cook up different ethnic styles of food in one place. The only decent item we had was the seafood soup which came with crab pieces and mushrooms. The others like bbq pork spareribs, BBQ duck and a seafood plate of hot and spicy shrimp and scallops were all not appetizing. They tasted bland and definitely needed more seasoning. The shrimp and scallops dish was deep fried, but tasted mushy with the added sauce.They do offer a range of different options from American fare to Chinese plus some other choices. The prices don't seem too expensive as we didn't have to pay for our meal since it was comped by the hotel. I saw that they have late evening meal specials like steak and eggs, but never for Chinese food again except in a Chinese restaurant.The service was good, but we did have to wait a bit for our dinner to be served. They even gave us a free serving of Cheesecake to help celebrate a birthday.
1	Been here several times. Bland, blah generic food. Went today for their "great" Chinese food. Horrible and very overpriced for it. The scallops and shrimp Szechwan were soggy breaded yuck in sweet and sour sauce. The accompanying egg roll was greasy and soggy. Won't bother with eating at South Point again as have been disappointed by every restaurant we have tried here. Only decent food has been salads; at the snack bar at the bowing alley, the Del Mar deli and the oyster bar.
2	its okay. but, WHERE'S MY CHECK?? are they giving free meals to random people? man it took 5 minutes for them to find us a seat. about 15 minutes for the food. 20 minutes to eat. and waiting forever for the check. wtf? free meal? let us know so that we can leave asap.
3	Cheap, decent, workman-like meals. Go in expecting a diner serving diner food and you will be satisfied. The service is decent, the food is decent and the price (especially for its proximity to the Strip) is great.Don't let the 3 stars fool you. It truly is A-OK.
3	Straight up "diner" food, nothing really special but they do have A LOT of options in their menu (far more than Denny's and especially other Hotel Breakfast spots) For example, Breakfast: pancakes, waffles, omelettes, oatmeal, assorted cold cereals, bagels and lox. Lunch: salads, wraps, burgers, salads, etc & Dinner fare of Meatloaf, Salmon, plus a 12oz Porterhouse Special of 12.95 that includes a baked potato, garlic toast, a couple onion rings.. the whole shabang. All of these meals are fairly priced, good tasting and a life saver restaurant to go to while staying at South Point because it can fulfill everyone's cravings with all the choices. They also have a "Chinese" section. Looking at the menu even I agree that its very expensive but I have tried some of the Dishes.  -The wonton soup is $6 for a little cup, it was bland and not worth it. -The Shrimp w/Lobster sauce was $20 but the shrimp were HUGE and it was quite tasty.. but I don't think it's still worth the hefty price tag. -The Pan Fried Noodles deluxe, however, is my most favorite dish to order off their Chinese Menu. Its under 13 and very delicious. You MUST try their after midnight menu too for their Steak and eggs for $4.99! The steak's not the finest cut, but c'mon steak and eggs and hashbrowns AND toast for under 5 bucks... c'mon!
2	Average for Vegas. No signature dishes or flare in cooking. Just a regular dinner. I can make better food at home. If u charge money then u should provide better food. Vegas just charges more for what you get back home.
4	$3.95 steak and eggs upped to $4.95 from 12am - 6am, but still super cheap!I almost ALWAYS come here when I'm at Vegas. It's about 15 minutes south of the strip, so it's on the way from SoCal if you're driving in/out late at night. Everyone in my group always orders the steak and eggs. You get: steak, 2 eggs, hash browns, and bread (white, wheat, sourdough). A definite steal for $5.Tip: I like to ask for Heinz 57 sauce, which tastes better than A1 steak sauce in my opinion. They keep it in the back, so you have to ask your waiter for it.Also, South Point has $5 black jack tables, so sometimes we'll gamble while we wait!
3	For the price it's what I would expect. 6.95 for two eggs hash bribes bacon and toast. Very mediocre but again I'm not complaining since you get what you pay for. $1 mimosa and bloodys before 12. Definitely can tell it's only worth a dollar.
5	This review is purely for their $5 steak and eggs!! Midnite-6am! ($4.95 to be exact).  Literally my boyfriend's favorite place in Vegas.  Last trip, we stayed in Vegas for 3 nights and ate here twice.  Also, since we always make him drive, he gets to nap in the car while my friend and I hit up $5 blackjack tables, heh.  This place is about 15 minutes south of the strip, so we'll either try to stop by on the way in from socal, or cross our fingers and hope someone is sober enough to drive us at the end of a clubbing night loll.  I always get my steak medium-rare and I've had no complaints with theirs!  It definitely beyond exceeded my expectations for only $5.  Also you get 2 eggs however you want them, hash browns, and toast!  I have yet to find as good of a deal as this one (and in vegas of all places!? incredible).  Go, gamble, drink, feast.  Maybe play a blackjack hand and pay off your dinner with it.
4	I've only eaten in there after MIdnight, because they have unbelievable specials from 12am-6am.  I get the $4.95 steak and eggs.  It is a 7oz NY Strip, two eggs, hashbrowns and your choice of toast.  It's not the best steak, but for $4.95, it is a bargain and it tastes good.  They normally start lining up around 11:45pm.  But the line moves fast and there is plenty of seating.  The service isn't always the best.  But, you can't beat the price.  And even if you don't want any of the specials, they have a large menu.  Good choice for large groups.
2	This place has horrible customer service. I went by myself to get something to go. There is no to go so I had to sit somewhere and order and they would give me a to go box. So the hostess told me I could sit at the only open seat at the bar. I went to sit down and the bus boy rudely told me that I had to get out of the seat because someone was sitting there. I was finally seated and I ordered and it took 49 minutes for me to get my food. I asked the waitress what the hold up was and she stated they were busy as usual. I'm thinking shouldn't the restaurant be prepared for this kind of rush? Long story short this place has unnecessary long wait, mediocre food, and bad service.
1	Made the mistake of ordering a bagel and lox. The lox was pure salt. Otherwise tasteless. The red onion was old.  Cannot recommend.  Overpriced too. Avoid.
3	Im gonna give it a 3 my husband would give it a 5.  Its ok always busy 24 hours . Not the late night specials thats a deal.. How can you go wrong with break fast food that I give 4 stars.. hubby again would give 5.  We ordered the won ton soup for the kid and not so good... those crunchy noodles whew they will break your teeth well the ones we got.  everyone is nice and yes will go back cause its ok...it has something for everyone ...
1	Disappointingly I can't leave 0 stars on this review. As petty as that may sound. I'm truly disgusted with the service as well as the quality of food. I am a night owl. So a must is always the mid night special. I get the medium rare steak with scrambled eggs and sour dough bread dry with a hot water (water is free). I've been coming here since I was 16 and it's seriously sad to watch such a beloved cafe become sooo poor in food quality! Service has always been terrible but never their quality of food! They always made up for the long waits with the deliciousness! But recently. Coronado cafe has dramatically taken a turn for the worst. Their steak is no longer a decent size nor does it hold the flavor a steak should, the hash browns are smashed potatoes that a baby would think is play food, and the eggs are still soggy with yolk? (I thought scrambled meant no yolk?) BUT the ultimate deal breaker was how disrespectful the cashier was. Since I get the same order every time I was baffled by them charging me 4 dollars for a "hot tea" (I OBVIOUSLY had my own vibrant tea package). & when I addressed the issue with the cashier she blamed me for the "miscommunication" due to not discussing the issue with the waitress who only delivered my food once, never hearing from her again (Dora was her name).  Correct me if I'm wrong but charging me for an item that I brought is unrealistic. & ever since when was the customer wrong? Customer service was bafflingly pathetic and inexcusable. As for a customer coming back any time soon? I am not in that category any longer. I truly hope that this cafe improves. They're losing such valuable locals. I sure won't be back any time soon!!!!!
3	For 14.99 I got a 14oz porter house steak, potatoes, onion rings, side salad and garlic bread. Not bad. The customer service was really nice, the servers really know there stuff and put out a friendly environment. Foods cheap, and good, but not that rememberable, not worth the drive out to South Point if there's no other reason too go.
3	What can I say about this place without saying things like "the food was edible", "charred on the outsides" and whatever shenanigans? How about the food was NOT omnomnom? That's good enough. It's a cafe...inside South Point. Don't expect much and don't drive all the way here for the food. I was meeting up friends who lived across the street so, I ended up here with them. I told them my dietary restrictions and they came up with the idea of ordering a turkey wrap (with chipotle mayo in the side) for me since I had to drive across town.Everyone else got steak, omelet and a tuna sandwich. The general comment from everyone at our table: "it was edible". My turkey wrap came with French fries which is a weakness of mine. My friend knew it wasn't cheat day for me yet so, he asked for potato salad for him to eat. It came with fries anyway. I ate maybe 2 or 3 fries...or maybe 7 - they were good! But our nice server brought us a bowl of potato salad anyway. The food was alright but it was the service that I liked. They were busy but our server was still oh-so pleasant and efficient.
1	It was my first time eating Steggs (Steak & Eggs) here last night. I was pretty excited to try it, because all of my friends have been talking about the $5 Steggs deal after midnight. The food was not so great. You get one piece of steak, eggs of your choice, hashbrowns, and your choice of toast. My steak was a pretty decent size, however, it was so hard to cut (they didn't have any more steak knives) and to eat. I asked for a medium-rare steak but they gave me a rare steak, which I wasn't too happy with. It also had no seasoning what so ever. The hashbrowns tasted like clay and my eggs were very watery and I'm pretty sure they were still somewhat raw (I got them scrambled). The sourdough bread was alright. Our waiter was very patient with us, but the lady up front who is in charge of checks was super rude and very unpleasant. But it was $5 for steak, eggs, hashbrowns and bread. I wasn't expecting a super great meal, but honestly it could of been much, much better.Also, now they changed the policy, and you have to be 21 to order steggs, which is complete bs. They are going to lose a lot of business from teens and young adults.
2	The food here is just okay. The $4 steak and eggs from midnight to 6am is a wonderful thing though. It's not the best steak ever, but when you're hungry in the middle of the night this is the place to be. By the time it's midnight, all of the locals are already in line waiting to take advantage of the food at a cheap price. The turkey avocado wrap is extremely dry. I've tried it a few times hoping it'd be better thinking that the previous times they lighter had an off day, but nope, dry each time. The service isn't the best though. It's really slow and most of the time the waiter or waitress look like they want to be off work already.
5	This Cafe is GREAT! They raised the price on the midnight special menu and recently enforced the "must be 21" rule. Even if an individual is at least 21 with a group under the age limit. I can't say that they will decrease in business, but they sure lost mine. It upsets not only me, but many other individuals that rave over the Steak & Eggs experience.
2	Disclaimer: This is for the Steak and Eggs Graveyard Special only. Price is cheap, but food is below average. MUST BE 21+!!!! My party of 6 got carded, each and everyone of us, Asian kids. Yes. I got carded to eat breakfast wtf.The Graveyard Special are breakfast entrees for much cheaper prices from 12am-6am. Steak and Eggs (steggs as call by the locals) is $4.95, my coffee $2.95 =/The service: The line is long. This is a popular steggs location. The service is friendly, but a bit disorganized. So 4 stars for service.The food: Bleh. There were 6 of us. 6 orders of stegg medium rare. Steggs is 7oz new york steak, 2 eggs, a side of hash and toast. We received 6 different quality of steaks. 1 medium rare, 4 medium, 1 well, 1 almost rare. My steak was well and very dry. The eggs: I asked for scrambled and the waiter asked " Do you want real eggs". What there are fake eggs (probably egg substitutes and the like)?Real eggs scrambled = country scramble. The hash: very typical. A little bit crispy on top, but mostly mushy. The toast: I got sour dough and I thought it was the best part of the entree. I liked my coffee though, but I was just happy to have decent coffee.So 1 star for food.The price is the only reason I ate here with friends. I personally would not bother coming back. There are a gazillion other Steggs places and places to eat after midnight in Vegas.
5	back at south point again this year for my sons team basketball tourney. last year we didnt eat here but im sure glad we did this year. me, my son and my mom ate here three times during our stay. we had lunch the first time and i got a loco moco. it was good, not great. think the chinese rice rather then sticky rice kept it from being great. the second time we had dinner. chinese food this time. i got the mongolian beef. it was great. i was very surprised. my son had the orange chicken and that was great too. the last meal was lunch again. i had a blt. it was really good. i was happy to see more bacon then lettuce.i should have had avocado in it, i think that would have taken it over the top. great place thats clean with amazing service.
4	Place is pretty good if you like something quick and easy at the casino. I know the people who work there are always working at their best and they do their best to cater to their customers. How do I know? Cause I usually go there late in the middle of midnight or 1am-3am and the customer service is still good. :) I guess the only thing that would need work on is sometimes the food... The food has came out a couple times where 1) the bread wasn't cut in the center (lol I might be picky, but it was cut like 1/4 and 3/4, not a biggie but yeah it was actually kinda funny) and the burger came out like the meat was burnt this one time... Overall, nice service and nice people. It's never bad to come here to grab a bite before catching a movie or anything. :)
4	Can't beat steak n eggs for $5. taste good too.ive been coming here for years n I'm not tired of it yet. I couldn't tell you how anything else taste tho, it's all I get lol. go after midnight eat good, then order one to go so you wake up to the same goodness. doesn't get much better than that.
3	Moderate food. The steak is pretty small, 7oz. They give a lot but it's just not as great you'd think it would be. However! They do have this daily special deal, $7.95, different meal choice for everyday. I'd come back for that.
5	Good food fast and nice people eat between the hours of midnight and 0600 am it's less than $5 steaks
2	I wouldn't go here. The service is very poor. The food is mediocre.
3	So-so casino food.  Don't forget to request cheese if you order an omelet, because they apparently only include cheese if requested.  My wife ordered a Denver omelet and it didn't have any cheese in it.  We thought that was kind of weird!
1	I usually come here for the late night Steak & Eggs.  Good eats for the price of $4.95. Can't beat that right? Well,  service is not the best and I experienced the worst of it on my last visit. I understand it was a busy Saturday night and I wasn't in a rush so I calmly waited for the waitress to take my order at the bar. I already know what I was going to order. A five minutes later a gentleman sat next to me and we talked while waiting to get taken cared of. The waitress finally  comes up and asked the gentleman what he wants to order. He so kindly tells her that I was here 1st.  I order my meal Steak (Medium Well) & Eggs (Scrambled) with Wheat Bread.  Gentleman next to me orders the same but with his Steak rare. After awhile the woman comes up with the Gentleman's food 1st and said my food will be coming shortly.  I did get my food in about 2 minutes.  I begin eating my steak is REALLY RARE! I ask the gentleman next to me and he says he thinks our steaks got mixed up.  I ask for another steak and got it after the gentleman next to me has already left. The steak was thinner than the last one and WELL OVER WELL DONE! Ate half of it and lost my appetite. This was the worst experience I've had here! NO TIP!
1	Overpriced for the quality of the food. Fish and Chips on the menu were $16.95!! We thought, they must be good at that price. We were wrong!!  The salad that came with the meal looked as though it had sat out in the heat for some time. Lettuce was wilty and warm. The salad was Soggy. The fish looked as though it came from a frozen box container and microwaved to heat it up. Then it was plopped over a bed of french fries. Was not plated well at all. Tarter sauce was served on a seperate plate in plastic cups. The overall menu here looks way over priced for the quality of the food. You would and should expect more!!
4	The mother fuckin pinnacle of late night dining aka after the club aka when you're shit faced dining.... $4.95 steak and eggs plus hash browns and toast.....you can't beat that....this review is based off late night aka after midnights aka the only piece of meat you getting after the club and while the steak isn't top quality this place still gives you that value that you be looking for in your chipotle burrito sometimes...
3	Can't beat their late hours menu!  Food for like $5.  I didn't want to dine in and ask for take out so we can take our food up to the room and be comfortable eating while watching some tv.  So we still sat at a table ordered our food, and as soon as it came we got to go boxes.
1	As locals we come here all the time, they changed the policy on the late night specials meaning all of the people in your party have to be 21 or older to order off of the special menu. It's kinda sad, because being regulars they will loose not only our business but I'm sure others as well. I could've paid $3.95 for a cheeseburger but now I have to pay a double price of $8 and some change. That's crazy, when the restaurant is empty!
1	Came here with a group of 6 people. Was rudely asked how many people. After being seated and ordering they forgot two of our orders. Brought us out burnt toast. Steaks were not close to right temp and was never approached by a server, busser, or manager for about an hour even though we were looking around, raising our hands and also had plates stacked on the table. Horrible excuse for an eating establishment and also some of the worst service I've ever received considering I work as a busser.
2	Came here 12/20/14 & ordered the chicken fried steak meal... Well the chicken fried steak, was not chicken fried steak, it was beef... The food had no flavor, but they give you a nice size proportion. So if taste is not important to you, then you will enjoy this place
3	In search for late night prime rib, my friend who lives in Vegas brought us here. It was only $15. The place reaked of horses but it wasn't bad enough for us to leave. It was a good deal. The meal comes with soup or salad and your choice of potatoes. We all ordered it medium rare but was served a more rare one instead.  When we sent it back, they gave us a new one cooked to our liking. That was awesome customer service!  Although it was slightly chewy, the flavor and crust was really good! 3.5 stars total and yes I would probably come back.
1	Dined here twice during my stay in Vegas. The first time I got Chinese food. Not sure what I was thinking when I saw a Chinese food menu in an American menu. Got the Mongolian beef and the scallop and shrimps. First few bites were really delicious then I couldn't figure out what happened but everything was not enjoyable after. Hours later after my meal, I had concluded that the rice was too dry. Ever try eating dry rice? Let me know how you like it. Came back again for the graveyard specials. Long line. Not worth the wait. Got the $5 steak and eggs and $4 cheese burger. First the water server dropped a plate in lemons in the table with our waters and I immediately pointed in hair on the lemons. He didn't seem to care of bothered to say sorry. Just picked up the plate and walked away. The steak and eggs. Gross. Steak was overlooked and dry. Told my friend it felt like I was eating a dry sponge. No flavor. Nothing exciting. The burger. Again. Gross. Tasted like cardboard. Not even ketchup helped. Fries that came with my burger were cold and mushy. I guess this is what you get for vegas dining experience. Just don't go here. Save yourselves.
1	Oh God, coming here was a waste of time, money, and caloric intake. I wasn't nearly drunk enough to warrant the food. They have cheap late night specials, but I think I'd rather haul my ass to Ellis Island for their food!Service was SOOOOO slow.Not only was service terrible, the food was even worse. We ordered several things. My boyfriend's dad ordered a soup from the Chinese menu. This dish was bearable. I ordered the country fried steak and eggs from the breakfast menu. It came with hash browns, biscuit, and toast. The country fried steak was TERRIBLE. It felt like the batter was made of eggs and flour and the meat was tough as well. I ordered the eggs poached, but they were completely overcooked. The worst poached eggs I've had, worse than those cooked in bulk at breakfast buffets. I ended up eating mostly biscuit and toast with jam and butter. The gravy itself was really good. The only highlight of the meal.My boyfriend ordered the nachos. They were horrible. I don't even know what to say... He also ordered the steak meal and ordered it medium rare, as usual. The meat came back closer to a well done. It was terrible. Overall, I wish I could turn back time and just eat at the Big Sur Oyster Bar next door.
2	Coronado Cafe is located inside South Point. The prices are decent, and after midnight the prices are incredibly cheap. Nothing that wasn't extravagant or required reservations was open on Christmas, so my husband and I walked over here from the Grandview. I didn't think you could ruin something as simple as an omelet. They did. There was semi-melted sandwich slice cheese across my omelet. The eggs tasted watery and fake. The best part of my plate was the toast and jelly, because at least it tasted as expected. That's what I get for not planning a real place to eat on Christmas.
2	My first visit to the 24hr cafe centered inside South Point Casino.  Coming in with mild expectations, the food was considerably hit and miss.Starting off with the complimentary dry fried noodles....Haven't had these in years lol. Comes with the standard dipping sauces, and brought back more memories than enjoyment.As for the GOOD, Salt & Pepper Sea Bass w/ Roasted Garlic ($23.95). EXCELLENT sea bass! Moist insides, light breading on the outside w/ strong garlic and salt & pepper finish!  The consistency of the fish was spot on, and the flavor was even better...highly recommended!But for the BAD, Whole Imperial Peking Duck ($35.95). VERY disappointing, cooked way too long, with most pieces becoming dry and flavorless. Very LEAN duck as well...not much meat on these bones.  When the plate arrived to the table, I actually told the server that we didn't want the HALF portion...but was told we received the WHOLE duck!  Definitely NOT worth the money here.  Unless I got a very bad duck, I would run far away from this menu consideration.I'm sure the midnight specials are the way to go here, or ordering selectively from the menu.  Perhaps the american choices are better represented?Anyways, if you do eat here. order some sea bass for me!
