5	Stopped into AJ's This afternoon and their BBQ on the patio is outstanding.  Great Big Fat Hot dogs off the grill and Fresh Hamburgers and Chicken.  The patio is very relaxing.  Great food and great people watching in North Scottsdale.
5	Awesome lunch BBQ. Great place for a relaxing afternoon on the weekends. You wouldn't expect such good burgers from a grocery store but this place is one of my favs.
4	I really rarely shop at Aj's.  Most everything is overpriced and underwhelming as such.  I do splurge on a good steak now and then and this is my place to do it.  I figure if I'm going to spend 20 dollars on a steak i should be able to get one that I want and cook it to my liking.  Today I needed food for the eel.  I wondered where the heck I was going to find squid on short notice, not an easy thing when you don't live next to the ocean, right?  Wrong.  The meat counter guy was very accomodating and happily cut some 2" chunks of squid block for me which made the 3 foot hungry fish very very happy and much less likely to eat my fingers.  I have to give this overpriced market a star or two for the service that was offered...and I picked up a steak while I was there in sheer appreciation.
4	I haven't done a supermarket or "grocery store" review, before now.There are bunch of reasons for that oversight...not very good reasons, but reasons nevertheless:)I'm lazy...I don't really see much difference between them...I don't have any good ideas for grocery store review "stories" that I clearly love to tell:)Well, that's all over and done...I'm reviewing AJ's:)I understand they sell groceries there...good for them! I hope they keep at it (although they are owned by Basha's so it could be touch and go).What I like about AJ's is the grill outside:)...and cupcakes:)In addition to all the overpriced crap they sell inside (I swear, Lucy Ricardo is inside the store just making prices up as she goes along...the same box of Kashi Go-Lean that I can buy at Fry's for $2.95 is $4.80 at AJ's...the same friggin' box!:(...they have a grill out front that is both reasonably priced (how does $9.00 for huge  1/2 pound kobe beef burger and a drink sound?:) and really, really good!They grill everything over an open charcoal grill and the salmon sandwiches, the burgers, the chicken sandwiches and the hot dogs are great, tasty, hot, fresh, well priced...and they are beyond sweet to me at the grill!Queue up at the counter like I did yesterday and get yourself one of their incredible grilled salmon sandwiches...it looked like an entire salmon swam onto the toasted bun.All the condiments are right there for the taking...so don't be stingy with whatever you like on your sandwich...don't see it?...Just ask and they will head into the store and get it for you:)Then sit outside, in the shade, under the misters and enjoy one of the best, most reasonably priced lunches you will have!After lunch, remembering what my buddy, Abu J. said about the bakery at AJ's, I headed into the store for my sweet treat:)A revelation!First of all...Thanks for the tip, Abu!Second of all, Sprinkles should buy their cupcakes from AJ's and resell them...they could still charge their $14 per cupped cake and the cupped cake would actually be good...everybody would be happy:)I bought a vanilla cupped cake with vanilla frosting (so subtle, but so satisfying:)...so much better than several of the cupped cake boutiques around town and really, on a par with some of the best...maybe not quite as good as Tammy Coe, but then I only paid $1.45 for this little gem...that ratio of price to goodness hunts!Next time you are up in the north country, swing by AJ's and say "hi" to Stefanie and the people behind the grill at AJ's and do yourself a favor...leave room for a cupped cake...you'll be happy you did:)
5	I love AJ's but some are better than others and some have really gone downhill.  THis one is always the shining star, and I will drive to it from just about anywhere.  Dennis the wine buyer/seller is the best in the business.  Talk to him.  Trust him.  Use him for all his wonderful winey wisdom!  Really the whole store has a great energy.. you can tell the staff is happy there and actually want to help you.  Go more than twice and someone will remember you and say hi.  And this one has the biggest selection in Scottsdale from what I can tell.  Yes, AJ's is more expensive than Food City.  But if you tend to buy high quality food/cooking items, you'll probably find they have the best deals on what you're looking for.  I'm a fan of Whole Foods too, and honestly they probably have better fish and meat... but for "speciality" items, AJ's is the place.
5	It isn't often I opt for a grocer for lunch, but AJ's is a great little place for a quick bite. Whether you are in the mood for some spicy orange chicken, a handmade 'deli style' sandwich and pickle, or some poached salmon, AJ's has a little something for everyone. During the weekdays they also do an outdoor BBQ with pulled pork sandwiches and tasty grilled burgers of goodness.The real treat about AJ's - you can do all this and still pick up some of your specialty grocery items. The floral section of AJ's has some great picks that would make any dining room table brighten up (or your girlfriend), and the bakery case is one of my favorite places. In the morning coffee is served at the bakery and you can grab a tasty pastry. AJ's is much more than just great groceries, with floral, lunch, a grill, and a bakery case that is filled with tasty morsels, what's not to love?
5	I don't shop at AJ's for weekly groceries (too pricey), but I love coming to AJ's. It is so cozy and fresh. I head here with my family (I don't drink, they do) to pick up a bottle of wine, stop in to grab unique flowers for the house or pick up a specialty item. Also, I've become an obsessed regular to AJ's grill. It is outside and you can grab a quick bite while enjoying the neighborhood feel. I just love to stop in - it gives me a happy feeling.
5	Let me be very clear on this. AJ's is the best chain supermarket you will ever go to. The food quality is second to none. The fresh meat/seafood selections most notably the Kobe beef burger, sirloin beef burger, beef/chicken kabobs, and Chicago hot dogs can make anyone look like they can grill. AJ's equally excels in their deli. They make some of the best sandwiches and their chutney chicken salad is exceptional. I'm not even going to get into their hot prepared meals or their sushi as I could go on and on.AJ's has no weaknesses (except for their high prices) and many strengths. AJ's makes the Central Market (DFW area) or Whole Foods (anywhere) look like a soup kitchen. If you want quality from a chain supermarket and are willing to pay the price AJ's is your one stop shop.
5	THE BEST BURGER IN TOWN, totally love the grill, the breakfastbuffet and the Sunday Roast beef is to die for,don't forget to check out the luscious bakery and fabulousfragrances, gifts and flowers, it is the ULTIMATE in shoppingand I love this place!!!!
5	I've been shopping here since opening day 10+ years ago.  This is the ONLY place to buy fresh fish and prime meats.  the service is fantastic and friendly.  Seafood is way fresher (and cheaper) than whole foods.  There is no better Fillet Mignon you can buy to make at home.  The bacon may look like that in other supermarkets, but it's way better.  Fresh, never frozen.  This is what makes their chicken breasts taste better.  This is the best selection of fruits and vegetables anywhere in Scottsdale.  Everything is always super fresh especially compared to a regular supermarket.
4	I have been coming to aj's since there was 1 store on lincoln. They have a great selection of wines, cheeses, meats and all types of specialty items. Great place to find that unique gift for specialty food. They also have a great lunch barbecue with burgers, chicken sandwiches etc.
4	AJ's is a quality, upscale grocery store which I find myself in several times a week, if not this location then one of the many other locations in north Scottsdale.  I have found  AJ's to be one of my favorite places for lunch.  Most of their sandwiches are in the $7 to $9 catergory including two sides.  This really comes in handy when I need to eat at my desk and do not have the time for a sit down lunch.  What also makes it easy is their salad bar which is probably one of the best I have ever seen.Try it and tell me you don't like it.  Go ahead!
4	I used to go to AJ's all the time as a kid and two of my brothers worked at the one on lincoln when they were in high school. Always good memories.... so more recently I ordered a cake from AJ's for a birthday party and they made it really beautiful. The flavor was good ( It was the chocolate raspberry cake).... not the best cake I've ever had (... would have been better if it had a real raspberry jam type filling instead of raspberry flavored whip cream or whatever was in there), but it looked great and it was definitely better than most other grocery store cakes.It served it's purpose and I would probably buy another cake here again. Plus their chocolate croissants are bomb. I only wish I could go here to shop... but man, too pricey.
4	The old adage, "You get what you pay for" REALLY applies here to this fancy-assed grocery store. Here's the pluses... Most of their pre-cooked food, sandwiches, iced teas, desserts, sushi and what not is really good, verging on almost always excellent. Here's the one and only minus-  Everyday shopping should be done somewhere else unless you have cash to burn. I get no thrill from paying 2 dollars more for ketchup just because it's a nice joint. Great meat and produce, good beer prices, and even cool gift items & flowers.
5	What a great place to shop, eat, and hang out.  I came here on a Saturday morning to check it out and discovered that this place is a hub of activity.  People hanging out at the tables on the sidewalk with their dogs, enjoying a cup of Coffee & eats from the store.  That's what drew me in....My first impression of the place was that it's a smaller version of Whole Foods.  Lots of choices for Organic Food and high quality products.....perfect!  But what really caught my eye was the selection of Craft Beer!  Usually a joint like this would only have a few options...not here.  So....I grabbed a 6 Pack of Hop Ottin' IPA.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Hv3iuAYsoF2FjH0ND9rIKg?select=TfR9h9_KIteR-fJhvDqYpgThere are plenty of others to choose from too, which will definitely bring me back.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/Hv3iuAYsoF2FjH0ND9rIKg?select=EldltbF7bTHWihkA3FjsCwI wasn't hungry when I was in the store (thank God), but I want to come back and enjoy a meal outside too.  I see plenty of visits in my future.Return Factor - 100%
4	Been in here too many times to count.  Just picked up a green iced tea and hung out on the patio for a little bit.  Prices are a little higher than some other places for the exact same items.
4	best place to grab dinner or lunch and the cakes there are the best you ever had
4	Love to go to Aj's Fine foods !  They have a great salad bar, and they always have a special sandwich of the week!  You can also have a burger grilled out on the patio, if it is a nice day, the patio is perfect to enjoy your lunch !  If you sign up on their e mail they will send you coupons, I just used one, for slice of cake, buy one, get one free,and they were delicious !
5	I love this place!!! OK. where do I start.. Great place to stop in for a quick lunch. AMAZING outside grill, everything is good. Best cheeseburger I've ever had. I don't even like Salmon and theirs is good. Good salad bar and salads ( pasta, tuna etc..) The pizza and sushi.. again amazing!! And........ they have about 10 different iced teas to choose from. Also, they have a great breakfast. Omelet station and all. I suggest the chorizo and egg burritos. GREAT outside patio
4	I love this place because of their lunch BBQ.  It's amazing.  You can get a healthy lunch, or not if you choose, for a reasonable price and it's all grilled to order.  TO ORDER!  You want salmon, you can have salmon- and it's awesome!  My other favorite is their turkey burger.  It's made with too many delicious things, including red peppers.  In addition to the "entree" you get 2 sides.  I would recommend the mac 'n cheese and macaroni salad- carbs and carbs, yum!This is not an in and out type of place so you'll want to give them 10 minutes to make your meal, or more if it's busy.  Go inside and grab a large iced tea of any flavor, they're all good!The only down side is that they're only open until 3 pm.
1	I've shopped here for years, but had a recent bad experience. Planning a party and ordering the food should not be such a hostile experience. Their ad says they can have the food ready for catering in 2 days, I showed up to order over a week before the event was due--in total 9 nines prior. I waited a long time only to be greeted by Emily who was upset her lunch was interupted (it was 1:30) and I did apologize taking her away from her meal, but she was clearly not happy. She made us wait longer for her to wash her hands. When she finally returned I explained the size of the party and I was told to double my order--OK, no problem. She told me that "hams only come so big" when I had already agreed to order 2 plus a crown pork roast and the full dinner spread. At last Emily said "We have the maximum amount of orders that day and I guess I can try and squeeze in your order" is when I decided AJ's needs someone who likes to work with people and plan their parties. We left and went down the street to Whole Foods and have full course meals ordered  and ready for pick up for 20 people-- and it was a nice experience. AJ's food is quality--I know, as I've ordered for parties in the past. But don't make people feel like they are bothering you in this economy. I didn't even bother to buy the wine or other needed items from AJ's that day after that experience.
5	The AJ's GRILL at THIS Location ROCKS!! They have something that differs them from anyone, and that is STEPH behind the grill! For about $5 you get a delicious, good quality, perfectly cooked to order hamburger or turkey burger. It is a little bit of a drive (for us) but it is a  well worth one and it's not unusual to see Hadden and me there! You must try, I promise, you'll be hooked!Also, conveniently it is part of AJ's so you can run in and grab a drink, sides or dessert...
4	I love this grocery store even though its pricey.  I love love LOVE the variety. I was kind of surprised though that they did not have a very extensive selection of milk substitutes. I know whole foods has a huge amount of variety I kind of just expected a little bit more than a selection similar to safeways.  Anyhow i ordered a chocolate croissant and I love chocolate croissants. What I Do NOT love on pastries is powdered sugar but i wanted to try it regardless so you can only imagine how much fun I had eating it. It was good...better than wildflowers? Definitely Not...I say this because there is no powdered sugar and no air space in between the croissant and chocolate inside.  One of these days I will try majority of their muffin variety and so far i enjoyed my zucchini muffin immensely.  And i cannot wait to try more from other departments as well.
5	This is a beautiful and great grocery store/ deli. I would compare this store to a Bristol Farms maybe. Everything was clean and put together really well. We were greeted by one employee who asked us if we wanted a wine tasting, and so we did and we were happy to find out thetasting was free, Awesome!! I came out of his store really wishing we had one in californa, in my neighborhood!!! Next time I'm in AZ, I'll shop here again!!
1	Horrible customer service and very little selection! Tried to discuss potential wedding floral arrangements with the florist and kept getting the run around and was told to come back or call back 4 different times because no one could help me place an order for wedding flowers.  Finally got a hold of someone and was told she was too busy and to call back later.  Tried to talk to the bakery about a cupcake order or wedding cake selections and was told that no one was available to talk to me at the time and they don't do large orders of cupcakes so why do I just go to Sam's Club?! WOW!! Guess you don't want my floral, bakery or ANY business for that fact! Walked around the store purusing the aisles and was never once asked if I needed any assistant, particularily in the wine section.  Just because I'm wearing flip flops and a college tshirt, doesn't mean I'm not good enough to be helped.  This is just a fancy,overpriced, rude staffed store that won't give you the time of day unless you're dressed in your very best Gucci! I will never return to this store!!
4	It is a lovely store with many wonderful products. The key lime pie was really good. This store will be a rare treat for me, as it is on the pricey side. They've got a great imported beer and cheese selection.
5	One of the finest AJ's locations I have encountered.  The items are always well stocked, the service is always impeccable and the Grill is always well serviced.  The bakery happens to be my favorite, with a vast selection of exquisite desserts.  Never fails to impress.
5	Have you ever wondered why food scientists only put a laxative in Activia yogurt?  Couldn't they have just as easily put it in a Tombstone frozen pizza? WTF???Or why not beer. I like beer. Even tortilla chips...but yogurt?Well fuck that. I'd rather eat a bag of prunes than that slimy shit they call yogurt. Anyway, my wife sent me here to pick her up some Activia, and being the ever curious  soul,  I sampled a spoonful.                "Yecchhhhh.....Ptooey...Ptoo...Ptoo. Ugghhh."It was so bad, I spit it out faster than a porn star who'd just been informed her last paycheck bounced....the slimy shit flying all over the room. So maybe Activia wasn't for me. What the fuck am I saying...I know it's not for me. Jesus.But who knows, maybe you're constipated and like yogurt. Maybe it's for you.I wish the Activia people would cut a deal with Hershey's and stick their laxative in a milk chocolate bar with almonds. Or even Reese's pieces.I'd eat that. Anyhow, if you need Activia and you live close by, you can get some here.
4	Fancy, fancy! I don't think I would ever go full-on grocery shopping here but I do like to pop in & pick up a thing or two on occasion. Good salad bar, sushi, sandwiches & bakery. Good selection of beer & wine, too.
2	you know what set me off today? everytime i took a sip of my disgusting tap water it reminded me that i was charged $1.19 for disgusting tap water and i didn't realize until it was too late. i had already sat down with my $8 sandwich...which i paid close to $10 for because they charge for TAP WATER!!!! i can't believe it. well, what really set me off was the slow rude service...the tap water charge was just what made me so mad i decided i was going to yelp about how mad this store makes me! and, i must note, this wasn't an 'oops' bc my co-worker was also charged for tap water. unfortunately, my work just moved offices from old town to NorDale so we no longer have an amazing surplus of lunch options. AJs happens to be one of the best options nearby to our new location. This review is for their service and one additional star bc the food is actually good. I just can't stand the service we get at this place. We come a few times a week and it always takes them forever to make a sandwich...well, it takes forever for them to even notice that people need help bc they're too busy frolicking around with their co workers to pay attention that there's now a line at the sandwich area. what kind of cheese do you have available for the sandwiches? (the selection is limited and not listed on the menu)*eye roll* well...what do you want?well...what i wanted was to hear my options but since you won't answer the question i guess i'll have havarti. let's talk about their cashiers up at the front of the store. seriously, so rude everytime. they make sure i know how unhappy they are to be there. in the cashiers defense, i would be upset if i was a cashier too but i wouldn't be a jerk to people bc of it! you know what i say to that? have an attitude of gratitude! be thankful for what you do have and don't focus on what a miserable day youre having. no need to bring others down too! a few more of my peeves:the orzo salad- sometimes it's 7.99/lb and sometimes it's 9.99/lb. they charge $.75 for drink refills and $1.19 for a cup of water. i'm going to mention their butt head employees one more time. if it was just a one time experience i wouldn't complain...but we've gone 10+ times in the past 2 months and the people are always rude in every department i've been in so far and slower than molasses. except for a few employees who are actually sweet, but they're the exception and not the rule unfortunately.
4	Expensive but amazing food. Some of the best hamburgers we've ever had. Go to the grill at lunch time.
5	I love this store.  The produce is always fresh, they have an interesting selection of frozen items including some great appetizers, the meat department is outstanding - I've tried a few different kabobs from here (spicy kabob rocks), bakery is great, nice selection of hard to find dairy items like fig yogurt, fair cheese selection including a local fresh burrata and mozzarella that will knock your socks off, excellent selection of wines and craft beer, and a floral department that has exquisite arrangements.Aside from the above, they make great sandwiches, have a nice salad bar, have different take out dinners available every night, have a pasta night and will make you a fantastic iced tea or an iced latte that rivals any chain.  They also have an awesome grill - they will make you a kobe blue cheese burger that is out of this world.  The hot dogs are delicious but they are gigantic (and a little unsettling to look at).One piece of advice before you go, not everything turns over quickly so check the dates.
3	Service at the boulangerie/patisserie is almost always attentive, and eight times out of ten, they're more than willing to offer free samples (as opposed to my asking to sample something and my receiving an eager "yes, of course!," or a stare that says "I'm too busy to stop and acknowledge your request").  I'd give four stars in an instant if it weren't for the fact that every time I show up with a gift certificate to use (my employer issues out gift certs to Basha's every year for Thanksgiving and/or Christmas!), it's guaranteed that the transaction will take anywhere from ten to thirty minutes (or more) and at least one or more coworkers' aid.  Armed with this fact, I always make sure I have extra free time before shopping at an AJ's.It's best to call early in the morning before 10:30/11 to catch the baker on site if you have any food concerns.  While some of the baked sweet goods are made from scratch, most are from "proprietary" mixes.  On my last visit, I opted to buy a "red velvet muffin with chocolate chips" without sampling it first, since the nice, young man behind the counter didn't immediately say yes to sampling the baked item (though he did offer to let me try any of the flavored coffees, if I wanted).  It turned out that the sign was wrong, and the muffin did not contain any chocolate chips.  FYI, the muffins here are made from a boxed mix, or so I was told by an older employee behind the counter, who seemed too busy to stop and help, much less greet anyone "hello."  I returned the goods and asked for a refund.Drip black coffee was OK, and it's always nice to see locally-made chocolates on display...
5	Wow! Am I completely blown away. I called in from California to arrange to have a gift basket sent to my boss. I tried this once for another boss in Austin and gave up after literally an hour talking to several shops. Not the case at AJ's. A young lady by the name of Patti assisted me and made it so easy, you would think I was ordering a pizza.I first had a very polite and pleasant young man answer the phone and put me on with Patti. From there, Patti had me with a gentleman in their  liquor department who was very kind and patient in helping me pick out a bottle. Patti then put me on with the meat department who gave me a choice of prime or choice steaks to include in my basket. Lastly, we put 6 x black balloons on the basket just as a friendly reminder to my boss that he is getting old ;).This was a exceptional experience from the moment AJ's picked up the phone all the way to the phone call Patti made on delivery day  to tell me my boss was out of country and they will deliver when he returns next week!Not only was it a one-of-a-kind gift, Patti did it all with such charm and warmth, I thought I was part of her family. Best of all, Patti made it effortless. I have never been to A.J.'s however the next time I am in Arizona, it will be the first place I go. Thank you so much Patti and AJ's staff. You are all remarkable people!!
2	All appearances, no value. I don't mind paying a premium for groceries if they're better but this place always disappoints. From the baked goods to the deli to the hot meals and butcher - all overpriced a lower than expected quality. Their produce is okay, having consistently some of the best avocados, but overall Whole Foods is in a whole other league.
2	If their bialis get much smaller, THEY WILL BE INVISIBLE!!! My husband and I have been shopping at this A.J.'s for bialis for a number of years and WE ARE DONE. Their bialis keep getting smaller and smaller. This morning my husband purchased two of them and they were MINISCULE. So, from now on, we will be buying our Bialis at either Chompies or Bagels and Bialis.
3	AJs is a really nice high-end grocery store but it is WAAAAY overpriced. I visited this location with my niece and all she got was a sandwich and a piece of fruit and it was $14! Shame on me for paying it when I could have made the same exact thing at home for a fraction of that. I visit AJs semi-frequently because they sell my favorite BBQ sauce: Sting 'N Linger Ghost Pepper BBQ sauce. When I go there, the employees are always nice and professional and they always have my item in stock.
1	Normally I would wait until after more than one visit to write a review. I am a big fan of AJ's in general, and usually visit the one way up in Cave Creek. But I was getting my nails done next door and realized I needed cash for the tip, so I decided to pick up a few things in AJ's and get cash back instead of getting charged for the ATM. Me: Very happy and content after getting manicured and pedicured next door.... Picked up a couple $25 bottles of wine, and because I was in such a great mood I was going to pick up a couple of secret treats in the bakery for my kids' lunchboxes the next day (first week of school). Walked up to the bakery perusing the delicacies when I heard in an irritated tone of voice, "Is there something you need?" Me, "Yeeeessss (long and drawn out while pondering)..." Then an oh-so-brief pause follows while I decide between creme brulee (will it hold up in a lunchbox?) and chocolate cupcakes. Keep in mind this pause was at MOST 2 seconds. At this exact moment, another customer walks up behind me. The bakery lady says to me, "Well, if you don't know what you want, I have other customers who need help." OMFG! REALLY???!!! You did NOT just say that to me when I'm holding two $25 bottles of wine and about to embark on two $5 cupcakes?! I mean, my "indecision" was mere moments. Are you the bakery nazi? Am I suddenly in NYC trying to order a slice of pizza at lunch?Unfortunately, the manicure and pedicure must've softened my sharp wit, because I didn't see it coming and could not even respond to this affront to my great mood. The most I could do was dramatically throw up my hands (with the two bottles of wine in each hand), slam them down near the checkout, and walk out. I even called the manager, Keith, from the parking lot I was so mad. After being on hold for what seemed like an eternity (6-8 minutes perhaps), I explained what happened. He apologized and said he would talk to her about customer service training. That was it.I am still mad at myself for letting her get away with that behavior and not causing a scene. I am a great scene-causer when I want to be! Sadly, my kids never got their creme brulee. That, perhaps, is the biggest tragedy of the story. I'm sure it would've held up fine in the lunchboxes :-)
1	The pizza slices in the deli taste like cardboard. It is $8.49 for a regular turkey and swiss sandwich, and it's not even that great. I will never be back here again. Well... For a sandwich or pizza slice at least. If this place want's to be a purveyor of fine foods, they better step it up!
5	Everyone that works here are super nice. Great selection of wine, cheeses, baked goods.Super kudos to the young woman (reddish chin-length hair, 5'4ish, slim) that always goes above and beyond to help when I'm in the store.
5	Until I moved to Scottsdale, I had no idea what AJ's was all about.  Since then, this has become my 'go to' spot for buying Craft Beer and Wine in a pinch.  We only live a few blocks away and whenever we go to a friend's house for dinner or a party, we stop by here to grab beverages.They have an excellent selection of Wine and Beer....for a grocery store, they're on the higher end of the scale.  I like it much better than Whole Foods too....I don't know why, but I just feel more comfortable in here.One thing you can count on at this store location....there's always people hanging out on the patio sipping Coffee or Tea with their dogs....especially on weekend mornings.  It has a nice neighborhood feel to it.  That's why we keep coming back.Return Factor - 100%
3	Love the food. Never have been disappointed. Just wish the staff was a bit more tentative. I swear sometimes I just stand there and stand there and stand there. Waiting for someone to assist me at the counter for an iced tea or sandwich. They all tend to look my way or at me but just continue walking around doing whatever they were doing. It's pretty strange. Like shouldn't you at least appear to be interested in helping a customer?! It's not just one employee either. It happens majority of the time I'm in there. Once they help you of course, things are great. But it's just a matter of waiting forever for someone to help me. I'm being generous with the 3 stars. I dunno maybe only worth 2? But the food is so delicious! Try the grill out front too! Superb!!!!! Clearly I'm a foodie. Lol.
5	This is my favorite location. Store is always clean and the staff is friendly. I go here a few times a week to get ice tea. They seriously have the best tea in so many flavors! I just started only drinking decaf and they are one if the only places that have great decaf! In fact it's better than the regular. And of course all of their baked foods you can't beat either. I love everything from their bagels to chocolate croissants. Everything is always very fresh, never had a bad experience here
2	I love the grill here but it's rarely open. The weekend morning omelette bar sounds amazing but everytime I come to try it out there is a sign on the door saying sorry no omelette bar today. They stock some great things that I can't find at other stores but stock is always low. Would you believe the only get 2 cases of each soda weekly?  I don't find the customer service on par with the prices at all and I frequently notice produce that is moldy or bad on the shelf. I have a feeling the best thing that ever happened for this store was the local whole foods closing. However time and time again this AJs disappoints me.
2	Ordered prime rib from counter. Would have been fine except guy wrapped up the au jus, napkins, and horseradish sauce with meat, THEN weighed it. At $29.99 a pound that sure was some expensive dips! They must make a pretty penny if this is common practice...
2	If you are looking to do grocery shopping steer clear of this place as it is an absolute rip off. The parking lot is full of Escalades and oversized SUVs whose owners don't know how to park. Therefore, parking is limited and crowd appears to be those most would consider "entitled." Some of the items they make are good, but overall the place is way way overpriced.
4	Nothing like an overpriced grocey store!
5	Best afternoon barbeque in the nation, Stephanie is the best cook, the burgers are exceptional the the fish is totally fresh, lovely atmosphere cheerful people love it!
4	Among all the pie selections available on the planet, (hair notwithstanding), apple seems to be a favorite among many of us. And for my money, there's no better place to get a delicious, grocery store apple pie than Aj's.However, here's a useful tip should you decide to try one.1. Never buy the large pie. I've found the apple / crust ratio is less than optimal with its bottom crust often soggy and the apples too few. 2. The small pie, (app 6") features a thoroughly cooked crust along with a high apple content. Perfect for two people. But you'll need more than one. 3. Buy three. One for your dinner. Since all you ate was a lousy bean burrito. The other for around midnight, when you wake up and think, "fuuuuck was that pie ever good!", stumble into the kitchen and inhale it in one squirrel-cheek mouthful.The third? That one is so your spouse (or significant other) has something to go with her coffee in the morning without your getting bitched-out. Ordinarily, I'd blame the second pie's disappearance on the kids or the dog or something.But the dog died last year and the kids are in college.
4	Love the grill-- so many options, although limited hours. The desert, salad bar, iced tea, and sushi is delish! I wouldn't splurge on the pre-made warm dinners -- they can be dry and flavorless at times. Good selection of wine/beer as well!
5	Being in Retail Real Estate and leasing shopping centers, I run into pretty much every grocery store out there across the country (high-end specialty gourmet, organic/local, run of the mill, discount, low -end, bulk...). Aj's is the best of all worlds! Gourmet selection, great prices, fresh produce, outstanding wine and alcohol selection, incredible pastries/bakery...I could go on all day.  It felt small / boutiquey (which usually means stuffy service and really high prices.  Neither could be said here.  Staff was fantastic and very friendly and I could not believe the prices.  The thing that grabbed my attention (pretty much anywhere) was the bourbon selection.  Growing up in Kentucky, I've become very particular about my bourbon (snobbish you could probably say) and they had one of the best selections of high-end / better bourbon I've seen outside of KY.  The luxe bourbons are much, much higher priced than elsewhere, but I'm probably spoiled having better access to bourbon in the Midwest.  However, the fact that I can get some of my favorites right down the road is priceless.Meat counter looked great, sushi bar was clean and well stocked, pizza was solid, made-to-order sandwiches were good too.This will definitely be our go-to grocery shopping destination.  Great Job!
2	This particular AJ's is a bad grocery store, mostly due to its truly awful customer service.  It does have good food (hence the two-star rating as opposed to just one star) as a restaurant alternative, so sometimes I'll buy dinner here but usually the line is really long and again, terrible customer service.  I've done my grocery shopping here a few times because I was sold on the idea that AJ's had higher quality, but have been severely disappointed.   Every time I try to check out with more than just one or two items, the cashier seems annoyed with me, and every time I ever purchase produce, it's thrown into the bag haphazardly and piled with heavier stuff.  I don't think anyone working here has had training on how to properly pack a grocery bag.  Better to go across the street to Safeway.  At least they know at Safeway how not to pack a water bottle on top of your grapes.
2	Aj's isnt one of my favorite groceries stores but this location in particular I really don't like only because when I go to Ajs I generally go to the bakery and there's only one person who actually makes good hot chocolate. This morning I went in for hot chocolate and a blonde woman helped me. After I payed for my things and walked outside I tasted it because the only person that makes a decent hot chocolate is the brunette with the glasses. So of course it just tasted like hot milk. I went back in and politely asked for more chocolate syrup. The blonde says "ok well I already put 2 and a half pumps in there, but I guess if you want more..." I replied, "Yes. Please." Ok lady! I didn't ask how many pumps you put in it. You tell me you put 2 and a half pumps am I supposed to be like 'ohhh you did? Ok nevermind' and leave? This bakery is a joke. No customer service skills. This excludes the nice lady with the glasses though. She should be managing this section if she isn't already.
3	I just started going to AJs for coffee in the morning. We went one morning for breakfast, they have a custom omelet station. The salad bar looks great, and so do all of the pastries. My neighbors made swordfish and filets one evening from AJS, and everything was delicious. The only problem I have had is the service with coffee.  I really like their coffee, but the last three times my orders have been wrong. The first time I ordered a medium white chocolate americano and received a dark chocolate latte. The second time I ordered the same thing, and received a small, white chocolate latte. She charged me a few dollars more than I usually pay. I asked her if the order was correct because I usually pay less and it looked as though there was a lot of milk in it. After going back and forth, she was going to just charge me for the americano but give me the latte. The third time ordering the same thing, I received an americano with half water, half milk, and barely any espresso in it. I am not supposed to have milk, so I was extremely frustrated. I like that AJs is more gourmet and different from the usual coffee shops, but I will probably have to go to the Starbucks from now on.
4	I LOVE their iced tea selection!!! So reasonably priced...only $1.50 for a large (bigger than Starbucks trenta) and the green tea is my favorite. I get two a day! The ice at this location is the best, for all of you ice fanatics. Bakery muffins, bagels, and select pastries are tasty and affordable as well. Staff is very friendly and speedy.Sushi bar in the back of the store features made to order sushi. They use high quality ingredients and the sushi always tastes great...although depending on who is working, sometimes the wrapping/cutting of the sushi can be quite sloppy. The fresh grilling offered outside on the patio is superb. Awesome, friendly chef! Salmon is delicious...just wish it was wild Alaskan salmon instead of farmed Atlantic. Other than that, the sides are awesome. Must try the baked beans, macaroni and cheese, macaroni salad, and coleslaw! AJ's, as advertised, offers fine foods. So, many items are pricey...obviously. I mainly do grocery shopping there that is limited to specialty items. They offer an amazing selection of unique, local products! Yummy salsa, crepes, and pastas I can only find at AJ's!
4	Review for bakery only:Bought a custom cake for the first time - Raspberry Mango. The design/presentation was beautiful but the cake itself tasted just OK. The filling didn't have much of the raspberry mango mousse. Maybe the chocolate cakes are the way to go. Price was decent.
1	Overpriced. Unfriendly staff. Manager outside smoking constantly. Very poorly managed store. If you look in the grocery section you'll see items out of code that shouldn't be on the shelf.Poor customer service and not staffed properly. Used to be better but AJ's has gone downhill fast.
1	They put frozen cheap pies in with the holiday meals. Poeple???? this store is ripping you off
5	Was at AJ'S this afternoon and found the staff extremely helpful and friendly.  They have a room in the back where you can sample wines, and they always have at least one staff who is knowledgable about the wines and can help you find the perfect wine.
