5	This is not a fancy place.  It's address is on Scottsdale Road, but it's easier to get to from Shea, about a block east of Scottsdale.  It's split into two sections.  As you walk in, if you head to the left, there is a bar with a couple of pool tables.  I can't really say that I've spent any time in that section.  We head to the right, where there is a central bar, with booths along the walls.  If you are into Karoake, this is a great place to go.  The DJ has a great voice, and many of the usuals do as well (of course there are quite a few who don't, but that's to be expected).  We've been here dozens of times, and never not had a good time.  It's casual, and very reasonably priced.  The food is way above average for this casual of a bar.  The shrimp are spiced to perfection, and the chili is to die for.
4	I've been here several times with clients who wanted to get drunk.   Doesn't that just sound like a barrel of laughs?  It's my job to make sure they don't get killed, and that no one else gets tipsy and reveals any company secrets.  I've had that responsibility many times before.  Gotta tell you, this was a great place for it.The bar is nice, long, and while not too loud - loud enough that everyone can't hear everything you're saying.  It's Scottsdale enough that the client has liked the vibe, but neighborhood enough that the client feels like he's just at a neighborhood bar.  Bonus.  If you're looking for a place to hide out a bit from all your regular places, this seems like a good stop as everyone seems friendly and laid back.  I'd love to go for karaoke instead of babysitting clients one day.  I can't tell you what the service is like because honestly - the only times we've been there we've immediately handed them a corporate credit card for the tab and they pretty much know that they will get a big tip as long as they keep the drinks coming.  So the bartenders have quickly become our best friends.  Smart bartenders.
4	I am a Sunday night regular for karaoke. The atmosphere is friendly, got some great singers, the karaoke hosts are fun and the food is terrific. Great chili, awesome King crab legs, spicy shrimp, crab, chicken quesadilla is great, just needs some guacamole, ribs are good. Gets crowded on weekends, but have been there on week nights when there is still a fairly decent crowd.Bartenders are good, friendly and efficient. Patrice is now tending bar, but what an awesome server she was and is. If you want something, just ask her and she is on it. One of the best I've encountered.
4	Great place to do Karaoke (available every night). They also have another full bar "outside" where you can smoke, play pool, darts, etc...Decent grub and stiff drinks.Gets really busy on the weekends.
5	The crab cakes are the best outside of Maryland!!!They are all crab, real blue crab, not that stuff spelled with a "k". And there's no filler either. They also have great crab soup and crab dip. The sliders were excellent as well.Every time I visit the Phoenix area, this is one of my stops. It might not be the fanciest of places, but you will get some of the best food and some of the coldest beer I have found in AZ. The people working there are some of the nicest around.   Also, I love that the woman behind the bar calls me "Hun"... Makes me miss the east coast....Oh yeah, if you like whole blue crab, you can get on their email list, they let you know when they get them in fresh!!!
4	Outstanding Fresh East Coast Seafood served in a warm friendly fashion at a reasonable price. If you crave crab, crab legs, soft shells, etc. this be the place!
2	Went on Friday for karaoke when I was at Cubs Spring Training. Our service left alot to be desired. First of all, the space is pretty trashy. Second, our waitress was neither attractive, nor anywhere close to friendly. She sounded like she was doing us a favor by taking our order. Granted, it was pretty crowded. The food: Crabcakes were very large and tasty! French fries pretty average at best. The clam chowder was also pretty good. The karaoke: First of all, the books were all alphabetized by song title, not artist name, which made it very difficult to locate specific songs. It was pretty packed, but we waited forever for our songs to be called and we finally got bored and left. The only plus for the karaoke was the wireless mic that allowed the singer to roam the bar. I was pretty surprised that there were so many attractive women at Ernie's Inn.
5	I haven't been back to Maryland in several years and I'm always wary of any crabcake recommendations outside of Baltimore as they have been wrong a complete and utterly disappointing 100% of the time. However, Yelp's users have not let me down in the past and I stumbled upon the reviews for Ernie's purely by accident. The descriptions of the seafood had a pretty authentic-sounding familiarity to them, so I gave in and decided to give this place a try, and woah, this was one of the best meals I've ever had.I ordered a plate that included both a crabcake and some shrimp, just in case the crabcake was inedible, that way I would have something to fall back on. The plate came with a choice of starch with soup or salad to start. As much as I love-love-love crab soup, I hadn't had a fresh vegetable in two or three days so I opted for the salad. When the salad came to the table I knew I was in the right place. It was lettuce (of course) topped with croutons, tomato, and cucumber. The one thing that convinced me that this place is authentic? A sprinkling of black olives over the salad. NO ONE outside of Baltimore does this! At that moment I knew I was going to be able to eat my dinner. When my actual food came the crab cake had thick lumps of crab held together with just the perfect amount of seasoned bread/egg mixture. I loved every bite of it. My personal taste dictates a much heavier dose of Old Bay, however, my steamed shrimp came with more than a liberal distribution of my favorite seasoning. Easy fix: I mixed a little of the extra that was on the shrimp, which were meaty and abundant, with every bite of the best crabcake outside of Baltimore. After dinner, I signed up for the email list for steamed crabs. I even called my parents in California and told them where I was taking them for dinner the next time they come visit.
4	I'm struggling with what score to give this place. I'm wavering betwixt 3 and 4. I will round up like grade school.I went here on a Friday night with some friends who wanted to drink and sing. This is not a normal Friday night, but an interesting combo. The suggestion of Ernie's was made, so, like sheep, we went. Now this is far from my normal scene, and at first glance, I thought I was back in the dirty South. The first section you walk into looks like bikerville. It is smokey and dirty, a stereotypical biker bar scene. Fortunately, they value customers, so they have a separate, enclosed bar that is for karaoke. No smoke. Cleaner. I'm cool with this part of the place. The mixed drinks were ok. The major components that made this a good experience were the wait staff and the DJ. They were both stellar. I would highly recommend this as a karaoke spot. Seriously, if you want to get drunk off your ass and sing Bohemian Rhapsody or some Sinatra tune, this is the place in Scottsdale to do it. So go get your e-oke on, yo.
4	Wow, if you like soft-shell crabs and great clam chowder amongst other great sea-food dishes without paying for fancy decor etc. This be the place!
4	Being from Baltimore, (Hon!), I've been dying to try this place, and what better time than on a Sunday for Ravens football. There was a small crowd, and lots of other Baltimorons wearing purple Ravens jerseys and cheering on my home team.The decor is bar/pub, and I did like the open-air aspect, since it kept the cigarette smoke to a minimum. Everyone was very friendly, and there were plenty of nice tv's to watch the game on.The food was very good, I had the MD style steamed shrimp, which came w/ lots of onions (very baltimore...), good amount of spice, and were tasty, though a tad overcooked. The sliders were excellent, and the wings were meaty and tasty...yet not what I ordered...which brings me to the service.If I could give a separate rating for the service, there would be a whole lot of grey and verrry little orange on them stars above. The waiter/bartender took a while to even stop by our table (of which there were only about 3 or 4 with people at them), and didn't bother to write down our order. Ummm...time to retake that memory course, because he came back about 15 minutes later to "go over our order", and didn't get one thing correct. So just when we thought food was being delivered, it hadn't even been ordered yet.I ordered a slider w/cheese (how they come anyway) for my son, and it arrived without cheese. (strike one) I ordered the Maryland wings (with old bay) and they brought regular buffalo wings. (strike two) My wife ordered the taco salad, which the menu states comes in one of those tortilla bowls, and it looked like an order of nachos from Taco Bell on some chips with FREEZING cold meat. (strike three) Three separate times, they came by with an order of crab dip (that looked tasty) asking if we ordered it. Guess the first two times they didn't believe us. He very rarely came by our table to notice my empty beer glass, maybe they were short on Fat Tire? I don't know.So...great food, especially for a Baltimore-boy, yet horrible horrible service. Please, WRITE DOWN MY ORDER!! You're not impressing me when you try to memorize it. Especially when you go 0-for-3 in guessing what we ordered - and maybe check with me a few minutes later instead of when the food should be on my table.4 out of 5 for the food, and as Dean Wormer said to Mr. Blutarsky about his grade point average...... Zero....Point.....Zero.....for the service. Hoping this is just bad luck, as I'll probably be back next Sunday to watch the Ravens beat down the Steelers, but I'll bring a pen and paper for you, Mr. Bartender. Please write it down.
1	My husband and I went to Ernie's a few weeks ago on a Saturday night because it is within walking distance to our house and there is always a crowd so we wanted to check it out. We met our friends in the bar and waited... and waited... and waited... and waited. Still no-one offered to take our drink order. The bartenders and barbacks made eye contact but no-one came near us. We don't look like hooligans or ruffians or anything so it was irritating. The weird thing was there were people eating in the booths around us, and one or two other people at the bar (who had drinks.) We finally got up and left. Why waste money on places that won't take it! I won't return and will recommend my friends don't either!
4	Great local spot. Only place in Phoenix / Scottsdale where you can sit at bar and smoke. Cheap drinks and easy going girls. Cool local spot to play some pool and darts and get some good cold beers and stiff drinks.
4	Great shrimp makes me miss living in Virginia! Drinks are poured very well. Looks like a hole in the wall but its a really fun place.
4	In case you haven't already heard...Ernie's Inn serves authentic Maryland-style blue crabs (while in season and by special order) and crab cakes!!  If you're from the East Coast, or a seafood fan, need I say more?!I don't go to Ernie's very often, but when I do, it's for the blue crabs, the shrimp, a nice selection of cold brews, and all the Old Bay I can take!  In between huge handfuls of seafood, I also noticed there are a couple of nice-sized TVs on the walls (I hear they play the NFL games on Sundays), too.
2	Ugh, Raised prices unreasonably and Quality has deteriorated. $19 for Soft Shell Crabs which were tiny, overcooked, and foul tasting.  It's too bad; was a good neighborhood choice. No more, I fear.
4	Think you have a good voice, and love to sing??  OR do you love to watch people make a fool of themselves in front of others.  If EITHER of these describes you, you're gonna love Ernies.  Known for it's offering of nightly karaoke, Ernies provides young and old vocalists/entertainers alike the stage to belt their heart out to all of their favorite songs.  What I really like about Ernies is that for those that truly do come here to actively participate, it's not full of 'regulars' that run the show - leaving you lucky to get one song in at the end of the night, and only if you've slipped the karaoke master a $20 (as has been my experience with the OTHER karaoke bar in Old Town Scottsdale that shall remain nameless) The bar is not fancy by any means, but it's nice and clean.  The drinks are cheap.  Not into singing?  Try one of their other rooms.  They have pool tables, rooms for dining (I've never tried their food, so I can't speak to that), and lots of places to stand/sit/observe.  I did notice that some other reviews have commented on the karaoke people not allowing them to sing without tipping first, and that has not yet been my experience there.  I've found them to be fair and keep to a good rotation.  This place is a blast to go with a group, too!
4	Always a great time at Ernie's !!  I love the intimate atmosphere.  It's not frilly or pretentious, just a great place to meet up with friends & make new ones.  I think the karaoke starts at 8p.m. (not sure on daily schedule).  It is tons of fun to listen and watch.  There are some awesome singers there sometimes and sometimes it's just awesome to witness the singers who don't really care but are there to have fun.  The drink prices are not expensive.  They have great food too.  Enjoy!  It's a Scottsdale landmark.
2	I've been an Ernie's customer for 30 years.  Used to be my favorite spot and our friends drive 60 miles round trip to meet us there.  Waitress Sue, is rude, demanding, and obnoxious.  Food was cold, (from her lack of urgency to serve it).  She lingered at our table encouraging us to finish eating so she could clean up.  We were still eating because she would not put our order in.  She told us the kitchen was too backed up and we needed to just drink and talk.  We have always appreciated Nikki's service as well as others'.  Sue has got to go!
3	This place has great service, great crab cakes. Very surprised, doesn't look like a place with good food..great find!!
5	This was my first experience with Ernie's Inn, but I've heard about them for years. I'm currently a Residential Real Estate Agent that works in the East Valley and the team I'm on is a family team who are originally from Baltimore. They talk about this restaurant all the time and go as often as they can. They love it because during crab season Ernie's fly's in live Maryland-style blue crabs. They are kept alive in what I assume is an aquarium, and are only cooked when you order them. They are as fresh as you can get in land locked Arizona, and they are delicious. I recommend going with someone who knows what they are doing or studying up on how to eat Maryland blue crab, because they are messy and complicated, but totally worth it. This would not be a first date kind of place. The crabs were fresh, the french fries were crispy, and the beer was cold. It was a perfect evening.
2	Place used to be great! Now they charge resort type prices for booze with an atmosphere that is border townesque.
4	If you want a good neighborhood bar, Ernie's is exactly that. This is the place I go when I'm not looking to get all dolled up but I still want to go out. There is nothing unique about it, it is just a bar that is good at being a bar. It also has all of the best activities for drinking. I LOVE shuffleboard and a dive-bar is not a dive-bar without it. Great thing about theirs is it is in the patio area so you can smoke while playing (I smoke when I drink, yes filthy, disgusting habit I'm aware) ...sometimes they charge like five bucks for the pucks other times not, depends on the bartender I think. They also have two pool tables, and I think golden tee. Their is a room that has karaoke. I am a singer and enjoy karaoke from time to time, the night I participated there were some amazing singers and it was really fun to listen to everyone. The karaoke DJ. has a really good selection of songs, lots to choose from you will probably find what you are looking for. I tend to get hit on every time I'm there which I guess is an ego boost but I would prefer to be left alone at a place like this. I'm usually in the mood to do my own thing with my own friends at a place like this and don't feel like making new friends but that's just me. Not sure about their drink selection, I always just get Michelob Ultra (lame I know) or cranberry/vodka...the mixed drinks are strong, their well is gross though but to be expected. Always a good laid back time at Ernies. They can count on me as a regular.
4	I love this dive bar.  Here's why:+ They have outdoor pool tables!  Yes, on the patio, you can play pool....awesome!  They also have a pool tournament on Thu nights.+ They have a Karaoke night....no, I don't like to sing, but I love to people watch, and there's nothing better than Karaoke for people watching, ha!+ They have Firestone IPA on tap.+ Plenty of parking in the shopping center it's located in.+ It has that old bar feel to it....it just feels right!Can't wait to go back and shoot some pool!Return Factor - 100%
2	This place is fairly cheap and looks like it could be fun, but tonight it was kind of empty, although we went fairly early. They had karaoke which was extremely loud and the bar had many older people there. Our waiter was not super awesome, we waited for a long time to get our tab and came to find out he was singing karaoke.... very poorly. So that is not real appealing. I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
4	Went here for a friend's birthday - (his name Pete Parker) yes just like spider man.Anyway, I had a great time with the group of people that went, did the whole 9 with karaoke and awesome IPA's on tap.  I definitely suggest grabbing the hot wings while you hang out and enjoy this dive bar.  It's a perfect kind of place and just what Scottsdale needs.  Fun and enjoyable but near the end of the night, my buddy had a mishap in the bathroom, credit to over drinking and not to the delicious wings.
4	I love the layout and ambiance of this place. The "outdoor" bar is very cool with pool tables, darts and t.v.'s. Inside it seems a little outdated, but comfy. The food is good and the crowds are fun. Karaoke night here is the best entertainment around.
4	This place is pretty chill. It definitely has that hometown dive bar feel, well, because it is. Half of this place is a bar, the other half is Karaoke. They are separated, which is nice when you don't want to listen to drunker slurred covers of your favorite songs. This is definitely a jeans and t-shirt kind of place, which is awesome when you aren't in the mood for Old Town, and are too old or tired for the Mill Ave college scene. The have pool tables and shuffle board in the back, its half outside, which is nice when Phoenix finally sees those nice temperatures. Which is also convenient for smokers.The bar staff is really nice and helpful, and the guy who runs karaoke is too. Definitely a fun place for a kicked back Friday night.
1	Service was ok, but I'm sorry your men's bathroom stall needs DOORS! How in the world is it ok to not put one if you're taking a number 2? This can't even be legal!
3	Ernies is a typical dive bar with a significant difference: their food is amazing. ~Fud~They specialize in East-Coast Maryland style dishes. Please come here to try these specifically, anyone who comes here really goes for that specifically. I personally have had their clam chowder, which is the best chowder I have had besides The Fish Market's and pretty much any chowder in Maryland. Drinks are plentiful, its a dive bar. No frazzy dazzy drinks, just simple bar fare. They do have drink specials, I can't name any specifically since I haven't been in a while, but they exist. The key ingredient is the food, its great guys. Stick to the East-Coast fare and you should be in heaven. I can't vouch for other options on the menu outside of the seafood.~Atmosphere~ As I said, its a divey east-coast bar. They are big into karaoke. I partook in one song, and was done haha. I can' t sing. The crowd is in a constant flux. It never changes. It always seems to be a mix of displaced/new hipsters trying new bars and the older crowds...oh and some lone cougars on the prowl (roar!). The waitstaff have been here for a while and take care of their customers, but its not a "hot-spot". There are numerous bars out in Scottsdale to party at, this is more of a local dive to sing karaoke to and hang with friends on the weekend or after work.~Extras/Rating~Please do not come dressed to the gills or expect loud pumping music to dance to. Its a bar, not a nightclub. They take good care of their clientele, but just make sure to have a good responsible time. They get 3 stars for the food automatically and the service. Besides that, being a no-thrills bar they lose 2 for being a general run of the mill dive. I love this place and will need to go more... guarantee it. But I can't rate it higher than 3 stars in its current state. A solid 3-3 1/2 * rating for a great East Coast Bar. Go, you will enjoy it!
4	Came here for karaoke on Saturday night - so much fun! It's not the trendiest/nicest place, but people really get into the singing and dancing. I'd come here again!
4	I went here for a late Sunday Lunch - what a cool funky place. The food was amazing and the waitress was good.  The waitress said the crab cake was really good - wished I would have tried that also but picked the Reuben Sandwich with Fries (Yummy). My friend had the shrimp salad which was very tasty - a bit of sweet with a spicy kick. I would have given it a 5 star but the cook was a bit slow (or maybe I was just super hungry?). Can't wait to go back and play some pool and shuffle board games there and not to mention have some food and cocktails!!
5	delicious fresh seafood.. happy hour is great. try the coconut shrimp and the broiled crab cake its amazing!!!
3	Super super delicious food at a dive bar. Surprised that there was so many options of seafood on the menu. Apparently, the owner is from Maryland and ships the crabs/crab meat from Maryland.  You must of the crab cakes as an appetizer, no fillers!  As for the calamari, it was alright. The breading was too thick and was too oily.  The environment is chill dive bar.  Some of the bartenders are snooty, liked our lady who helped us until the night bartenders came.
1	Still no door on that toilet stall in the men's room? Sorry but people do like to poop in privacy. I'd hate this to be the reason why I am down rating this bar, but you'd think it'd be more of a priority for them to fix something as simple as a bathroom stall door. If you don't want to fix this, add a lock to the main door.
4	Ernie's is def one of the better dive bars I have been to in Scottsdale - bartenders were super friendly, the have tons of fried greasy food to soak up your booze when you've been busy drinking and working up an appetite singing karaoke. The crowd is super fun and friendly and drink prices are cheap!
5	By far the best Karaoke bar in Scottsdale...or any place I've found in the Valley! So many great singers...it hardly feels like Karaoke, more like a live concert! They rock 60's, 70's, 80's rock, country, pop, R & B, classics, you name it!!!They do it 7 days a week, but Friday & Saturday nights are a blast for sure. The crowd is super into it, very positive, big support, background vocals, dancing ...so much fun! Check it out. If you love Karaoke, you will absolutely LOVE Ernie's!!!
2	Turkey Club not good...avoid. Should have gotten seafood. The turkey was Hormel quality and the sandwich just didn't work out well as it was overloaded with mayo. Cole Slaw was homemade, but tasted like it was made awhile ago with frigerator burn. Bartenders were nice, but it really is a horrible situation in that place. One side has karokee, which is painful to listen to 90% of the time and it is loud. The other side blasts the music constantly and allows smoking as well, both not good for my liking. There is no escape at Ernie's - two sides of hell. Enjoy.
4	If you are anywhere near N. Scottsdale Rd. and Shea Blvd. in Scottsdale, Arizona, you will be glad you gave Ernie's a try.  Moreover, if you know and love Chesapeake Blue Crab, this place knows how to serve it.  The crab cakes are sweet and perfect!  We also tried the special: prime rib sliders ... Oh .. Yes.  Many thin slices of juicy prime rib on the little slider rolls, with au jus and creamy horseradish sauce.  The margaritas were superb, as was the gin martini.  Skip the house wines ... definitely not a forte.  But this is not wine country, so that is eminently forgivable.  We will find a way to swing by here next winter. And Sue is a delight - she's been there 33 years!
5	Great dive! The singers were extraordinary - there was some really talented singers there (and they were very nice and supportive of the lesser folk like me). The bartender made a great vodka soda and was very helpful when I had some unwanted attention. I'll definitely be coming back here when I'm in town.Update: I liked this bar so much, I went back 2 more times on my visit to Scottsdale.  The prices were just right ($5 Vodka soda) and the bartenders were attentive, even on a busy night.What really brought be back was the awesome entertainment. The karaoke host was easy to approach, had a huge assortment of music, had a great voice himself and seems to be an all-around fantastic human being -- probably the reason there are so many regulars! Great place - I'll be sure to return every time I am in town.
5	Boyfriend and I randomly stopped in to watch a playoff bruins game. We ordered a few drinks, watched the game and ordered some food. The buffalo chicken salad was among the best that I've had! And I am a huge buffalo *anything* fan. The staff was very attentive and the ambiance was very laid back. A great dive bar! They have pool tables as well. I will be back to try more of their tasty food!
5	Great hamburgers and awesome service.   Love being able to sit outside during the winter.
4	My first time there and like it a lot, went for lunch. It was a bit pricey but worth it and the beer was nice and cold. It was hot only because I sat in the patio bar but there are mister outside. I'm definitely going back and for checking out the night seen.
4	Unwind here. any day. $3 domestics $4 wells. Apps and sports on the tube. North Scottsdale can you hear me. 2pm to 7pm DAILY
4	Best karaoke in the valley by far, cheap drinks, non-pretentious dive atmosphere, and surprisingly good bar food (well, for the most part - skip the salads). Service can be a bit spastic sometimes, but is generally well humored and nice. They do karaoke every night at 9pm, earlier in the week for those evenings when you just want to sing and try out new stuff. Friday and Saturday karaoke gets down to business though so if you want to sing, get there early.
4	Okay, this place is incredibly cool! My husband and I are karaoke fanatics, and this is the first time we've seen a restaurant offering karaoke SEVEN, yes 7, days a week! Not only that, the food is pretty good as well! There were quite a few singers that were better than you'd find in the average karaoke hangout. We were impressed, and if we get back to the Phoenix area, we will be sure and come back!
5	Love love love love this place. The crabs were steamed and seasoned perfectly. The Maryland crab soup is Ah-Mazing!!!! Happy hour has good prices and the owner Michael comes around and chats with all the tables. I love this place and now that I have found it I will be a regular.
5	I was out of town for a few days, and after experiencing The Grapevine,  I hit Google for a different Karaoke joint. I'm a Karaoke geek and having now been at both, Eddie's wins HANDS DOWN. The Good: The reviews rave about the Maryland crabcakes, so I got the platter, wish also included some spicy shrimp and onions. OMG! Amazing. Once the 4 of us finished eating (each meal was great), we hit the bar area for some singing. The KJ, Sean V (I may be wrong), was cool. There were probably about 8 singers on the Thursday night and all of them were pretty good. Fear not if you are a bad singer, though. Their sound system is GREAT. A close second to the Club Congress in Tucson. Ernie's can pop in reverb if the pitch of your voice sucks, but I don't need that  ;-) This seems to be a Karaoke joint after 8pm, with the option to drink while singing. Just the way a "karaoke bar" should be.  Oh, every "new" song I wanted to sing, they had. It isn't in the book, though, you have to ask. The Bad: I would have liked to see more selection of draft beers. Or, if you can only have 6, a better selection. How about some AZ micro-brews? Isn't Four Peaks "local"? Other than this ONE thing, I don't have another Bad to offer. Overall, this offers a great dinner on the front half of a great night of karaoke. After 8, It's a Karaoke place you can get some drinks at, which is way better than a drinking place drunks can try to sing at. If singing karaoke is your thing, this place is a concert and a must stop for dinner and song.
3	For karaoke alone it is incredible!  Beer is over priced even for Scottsdale.  I still love this place.
3	The Redskins was hosting its prep rally, restaurant maxed out. Went to another bar and had a great time
4	What a trip! It's like a movie set, just brings you back to the 90's. It's like I've been here in the past... ANYWAY, if you're in Phoenix with a few friends you have to check out Ernie's. It's just weird fun and huge. This place has a very unique layout with arches, indoor outdoor areas, patios, secret entrances. It's a very unique establishment. To some it may be a regular bar, but to me it's worth a visit just because when you're there you know you're in Phoenix no doubt. While I was making my way to the bathroom I saw people eating a wide variety of food from generic bar food wings fries burgers to crabs and other seafood, which is strange considering there's no ocean nearby. Like I said, kind of a strange place but fun and wacky where anything goes. There are tons of screens to watch games, and they have a kareoke area where you'll definitely see people letting loose. There's also a shuffle board outside, and lots of other quiet areas to sit and drink. It feels like someone's home more than a bar. Ernie's is a super casual place, but I was very surprised to see fairly decadent costumes inside. There's a very nice diversity in the crowd and everyone seems to be in their own zone.
5	FUCKING LOVE THIS PLACE. Seriously, if you're from MD, an east coaster or a RAVENS Fan. This is your bar. Seriously, the Maryland crab soup is stunning! I LOVE THIS BAR!
2	Years ago we used to come here for crab dip and shrimp.  Best ever.  For some reason we hadn't come back for roughly 10 years.  Kids are older now so we decided to give it a go.  New Year's Eve so maybe the chef was off because nothing tastes as good as it used to be.  We ordered: 1lb of steamed shrimp $14.95. Crab dip $11.95 grilled Walleye $17.95.  Steamed shrimp was overcooked.Crab dip was good but not as great as I remembered. Walleye looked amazing on the plate but lacked flavor and was also overcooked. Service wasn't slow but the food took a long time for it to come out, not sure why... Leads be to believe understaffed in the kitchen as there was was mostly people drinking and not very many having dinner service.  Our waiter was great and very attentive... However a really weird situation happened loudly by our table...  Waitress came in from the bar outside and starts to complain loudly to the owner? Manager?  About a patron who may have or may not have ordered a crab cake.  The waitress was extremely upset about it and the manager was trying to calm her down... The waitress storms off back to her area and the manager yells, "Calm down!"  Im laughing as I write this because it was that absurd... Even for a no frills no nonsense bar.  Not sure if I'll give this place another go, I'm hoping it was just a one off since it was NYE...  Time will tell if I get another crazy craving for steamed shrimp.
5	Love, love, love Ernie's! The only thing I don't like is one of the karaoke djs who is an absolute jerk! Otherwise I like this place for karaoke!
