2	I have really been craving Greek food and I was in the area so I thought I'd give this new place a try.I decided on getting their variety platter which consisted of Hummus, Baba Ganoush, Dolmades, Spanakopita and Falafel served with pita bread.(see pics)Oh how disappointing!*Strike 1~The baba ganoush was over pureed into a thin slimy goo, it didn't taste very good either. All the baba ganoush I have ever eaten has been thick and had some texture left to it with a very distinct flavoring. This was the worst I've ever had.*Strike 2~The Hummus was gritty and bland. I was really looking forward to the strong garlicky lemon taste, none of that here though. Again another worst ever.*Strike 3~The Dolmades(grape leaves) smothered in a thick tomato and lemon slime, had the mushiest, yet sticky and pasty rice inside, it was awful.I grew up on these and actually make them quite often(grandmas secret recipe), so I think I know what I'm talking about.  I've had bad grape leaves but these take the cake.*Your OUT!~The Falafel, well you can see from the picture they look more like cookies, but nowhere near as good. They were more like fried wet sand , dry with no flavor at all. I wouldn't feed these to my dog.The Spanakopita might have been the most edible part of this platter but by then it was too late, They had already been way past striking out in my book.I tell the waitress and she sends over the manager, to whom I explained why I was unhappy with my meal.She apologizes but the has the nerve to ask me:"WELL, ARE YOU GREEK?!!!"As a matter of fact YES I AM, I should be asking her that!I know good Greek when I eat it and especially when I make it myself with recipes taught to me by own Grandmother, and sorry honey but that wasn't it!I gave 2 stars only because she took it off my bill. OPA!
4	Close to my house, I have been her for lunch a bunch.  I like it, can't complain, better than the chain and they are cool people.
3	Wife and I went a few times... Nothing really jumped out at us as great.  However, nothing was ever bad.
4	I'm Cuban. I'm not Greek. Nor do I think I know jack about authentic Greek food. I just like certain dishes, and I'll go where I can get them the way I like them. In this case, the dishes in question are greek salad with chicken and souvlaki platters, and to some extent hummus.Before living in New York, I hadn't really had much by way of Greek food. I tended to stick with my Cuban food, run-of-the mill American food and steak houses, occasional Italian, and whatever I made at home. There were only a handful of mediterranean places near where I lived back in Miami, and I just never got around to them before leaving. Boo.Then I moved to New York. Greek diners are on every corner it seems! My now-husband and I had a particular favorite (Gracie Mews Diner) where we would go at least once a week if not more, and get a souvlaki platter without the pita. That was basically broiled chicken or beef, falafel, greek salad, garlic potatoes... I don't know what it was about that dish but my god, it was damn good.Sometimes grapeleaves, sometimes hummus and pita, sometimes baba ganoush...but always that platter and the salad.When we moved out here we thought for sure we'd never find another souvlaki platter like the one at Gracie Mews Diner. But we've tried. Up until a few months ago when we finally went to Pitta Souvli, we'd settled for the one at Pita Jungle (I have my thoughts on Pita Jungle on this site somewhere). It was no Gracie Mews platter, but it was good enough to keep us coming back. Eventually though, i just opted for the broiled chicken salad over there. And that was fine, because apparently Pita Jungle opted to remove the souvlaki platter from their menu - at least in Chandler, that is.Then a client of mine mentioned Pitta Souvli, and even told me a story (I don't know how accurate it is) about how the owners used to work at My Big Fat Greek but hated the direction the chain was going in, moving away from the traditional way in which things are cooked in Greek cuisine, so they went and opened their own restaurant striving for quality and authenticity (judging by Sara G's review, they missed the boat?). Well, that client's story about the owners was enough to get me interested.Patrick (my husband) and I went to check it out - as we still were without a gracie mews replacement for our souvlaki platter/greek salad thing. It took us forever to find the place. It's in the most unfortunate location in a shopping plaza on Germann and Alma School, next to Cactus Bikes. You have to try really hard to see it. The place is rather small, and the owner seated us right in the middle of it. Service throughout our visit was top-notch. Very attentive staff, our glasses were never empty, and they didn't ever leave us wondering when they'd come back. But the food... ah... Patrick ordered the souvlaki platter and I ordered the greek salad with chicken. We also ordered a hummus and pita appetizer. Was it suitable as a stand-in for Gracie Mews? Absolutely! Pita Jungle who? (and i say this ONLY about these dishes - as I really love the art/music aspect of The jungle...)The chicken was seasoned JUST the way I remember it from my Gracie Mews dish. The salad dressing was identical! The meat, tender and moist. The hummus was good, but had that strange taste like the one at Big Fat Greek, which i just can't get behind. I still like the hummus at Pita Jungle better. But I looove that they serve the pita bread all cut up and warm and toasty. We even had some of their baklava for dessert. That's the one thing that I can say was good, but not good enough to be worth the whopping amount of calories in that dessert. I would skip it next time. Still, it's like pizza... even when it's bad it's good. We both agreed would definitely dine here again, and in fact, we have picked up take-out a few times since then. I might even get a little adventurous and try something else from their menu for a change one of these days. Despite the lukewarm or downright cold reviews from some other folks, I did enjoy my food there, and I appreciated the staff's service and attention, something seriously lacking at MANY dining establishments in this area.
4	Excellent souvlaki, great service, locally owned. I'm not Greek either; who cares? Grape leaves, falafel, baba ghanoush, are indigenous to many parts of the world, including Greece. Go to any Greek, Lebanese, or Persian restaurant in town and all these dishes will vary slightly.Very good food and very good service in a quaint restaurant. It's worth a stop for lunch or dinner.
3	I ate here for the second time yesterday with the toddler and a couple of friends. We had the dip combo platter (baba ghanoush, hummus and tzatziki with pita wedges) and an order of dolmades. I enjoyed everything but it was far from phenomenal. What earned them three stars instead of four was their tzatziki. It mostly just tasted like plain yogurt (not even Greek yogurt). Where was the garlic and cucumber? When the toddler and I make it we load it up with lots of crunchy cucumber, olive oil and we have garlic breath so bad that no one will get near us for days after. (Mostly because we eat the entire container, but that's how we roll.) The toddler and I ate more than our fair share of the dolmades and they were good, but I definitely prefer the cold version. These were served hot in a tomato sauce. Good, but not my favorite. I filled myself up on the appetizers so when the gyro and souvlaki came I was too full to try any, but they both looked good. I don't know how many good restaurants are out this way, but it's a nice one to try if you're craving some Mediterranean food. I saw a sign for a happy hour with half price drinks and apps. If I lived near here, I would definitely come back for that.
3	Had lunch here today with my mom and enjoyed it.  I love their pita bread and the dessert we got, Galaktoboutiko was very tasty.  The lentil soup was very tasty and had a touch of cinnamon, a surprising taste in a soup yet satisfying.  I liked the Greek fries, but the vinaigrette or whatever was supposed to be added to them was only evident on one fry, other than that they had a spattering of feta and some nice tomato chunks.  I do agree that their Tzatziki was a little on the meh side...I've had better at the Greek's Grill.  I liked my food and will be happy to go back.
4	Let me start by saying I would definitely eat here again. They have two things I really like, good food and Coke products.Having lived in Chicago most of my life I am very hard on restaurants. This one has many good qualities. The owners actually work there. This was the first time I ate here even though I had been by it many times. Once I even looked at the menu. It did not have Saganaki on it so I did not go in. I continued to eat at The Big Ft Greek although in the past year the quality had gone down and the prices had gone up.Now back to Pitta Souvli. It is in a strip mall hidden in the back where they probably don't get any drive by traffic unless someone is looking to buy a bicycle next door.My friend and I started off with the Hummus. It was a decent size serving for 2-3 people for about $4. The taste was good and it did have the slight sesame flavor of real hummus.The next thing we got was the Egg Lemon Soup. A Chicken and Rice Soup ($3.50 for a cup) with egg and lemon. Very good flavor and not over salted. I had the Beef Souvli or Beef Kabob Sandwich $6.50. The beef was flavorfull and tender and not one piece had that vein or fat that you get in many sandwiches. The seasoning was very good and not overpowering.My friend had the Gyro $5.50 and Fries $2.50. Again very good flavor and not supper greasy. The fries were crispy and seasoned with season salt. Not too thin or too thick. The service was excellent and the prices were reasonable. While we were their we met the owner and his wife. They had both met working for Big Fat Greek. George was from Cypress. He told us that most of his employees have been there since they started over a year ago. They have many specials and everything is made fresh. They do have Saganaki. It is a special item that is only on the menu a couple of times a week but if you ask for it they will make it anytime. They age their own cheese for it on the premises. Next time I am going to try the Lamb Souvli as George promises that it is some of the most tender lamb you will ever eat. I would also like to try the Greek Potatoes as well. Please eat here as many of the places I like cannot survive in a city were everybody prefers National Chains over quality family owned businesses.If you care about decor as well as food you will like this place as well. Me, I just care about the food and not the atmosphere. Being from Chicago I'll eat food standing up at a counter in a modified garage if the food is good.Eat here. If your disappointed you have no Idea what good food should taste like.
4	So, I don't really looooove Mediterranean food...but this place was goooood!I think that part of the problem is that my primary Mediterrean food experiences have been at crappy little strip-mall food-court venues which, as I'm sure you can imagine, aren't QUITE the best food in the world. How it happened that I really had no sit-down Mediterranean food experiences...I don't know. And granted, this place wasn't exactly a "top-shelf" Mediterraean dining experience...but it was a far cry from the strip-malls I was used to. The restaurant itself had an sort of industrial feel to it, with pipes and exposed brick, yet somehow seemed light and airy as well...definitely a friendly and casual atmosphere, very appealing for lunch.I came her with coworkers for lunch and ordered the Chicken Souvlaki Platter, which was simply wonderful! It came with 2 grilled chicken skewers, pita bread, roasted poatoes and a little greek salad. All of it was amazing! All very simple, but incredibly tasty...the chicken was grilled perfectly, the potatoes were tender and flavorful, the pita was warm and soft and even the greek salad was tasty, which is saying a lot because I don't normally love greek salad. No complaints whatsoever!!The service was a little slow, but otherwise it was a wonderful experience. My coworkers ordered the Chicken Souvlaki Pita and the Chicken Salad as well, and both enjoyed them a lot, so really it seems like the food is pretty right-on. I think this place will become a weekly lunch must, not only because it's tasty but also because it's not terribly expensive...a dynamic duo if I ever saw one!
4	Very good food, if it was cheaper I'd eat here every day.  The Gyro is about $9 and is big and tasty, but $9 for a gyro?!  Best to go here on a Tuesday, 2 gyros for $10.  I wish they had that special every day.  They have a grilled cheese  over pita appetizer that is to die for.  When my wife described it, it didn't sound great.  When I tasted it I was convinced.  Also, the Greek fries are awesome, but HUGE, plan on sharing.  My wife points out that the Greek chef's salad is also awesome.
4	So many great fusion options at this place.  Excellent weekend specials and the best happy hour in Chandler. They have a great sweet cheese stuffed pastry for desert that I could eat by the dozen.  My wife just had a birthday a month after our son was born.  The chef made a rack of lamb dinner for me to bring home that excellent.  Veggies, brown rice, salad and a special hummus.  It made for a very special night.  I went back the next night for the greek enchiladas and they were fantastic.  The lamb burger, greek burger, and greek lasagna are also excellent.  The greek nachos make a great happy hour app.
4	My usual Mediterranean/Greek place was closed tonight (hopefully not forever...) so friends and I gave this little place a shot. First of all, the place was packed, which is always a good sign. It's small so there isn't a great deal of seating, but they do offer outdoor dining which was nice.We ordered a sampler platter of stuffed grape leaves, spanikopita, hummus, and baba ganoush and it was all wonderful. The hummus was creamy and very flavorful. The spanikopita dough was flaky and light. The baby ganoush was perfection.My hubby had the falafel platter and we were pleasantly pleased with the fact that the falafels weren't little hockey pucks. :)One friend and I both had the chicken swarma. He had it as a gyro, and I had it as a platter. Both delish. Other friend had the chicken souvlaki and greek salad. Loved it!The service was prompt and friendly and we can't wait to go back again soon! Well worth the drive from El Mirage. :)
5	Mmmmm... Greek frys anyone?!? I didn't even know what I was missing out on! And the vibe in this place is fantastic, everyone is super friendly. I went in for a to go order and was asked 4 different times if I had been helped or if I could be helped. I was also complimented 3 times while I was there, which is always a plus! lol! The prices were just right. 5 bucks for a humongous to go box of greek frys sounds right up my alley! I need those greek nachos now. I have dreams about them. Too bad they are so far from my house. But I am willing to drive...
4	A very nice restaurant, with very very good service!  I absolutely enjoyed the Falafel, and other dishes.  Pitta Souvli was a cut above the rest and tonights meal was great!  There was no downside, and even the prices were reasonable.  I would definitely go back again, and to be honest, my expectations are now very high having experienced a first class Pitta Souvli tonight!
3	The place:Another "local" shop hidden in a strip mall.  This place is small and cozy however in the summer it was a bit warm at lunch inside.  The decor is non offensive although since it's small if it was to get busy it could get pretty loud.The food:I ordered nachos - I know - I'm in a Mediterranean restaurant, nachos?  Well, they had a different spin on them and I wanted to try something crunchy.  The flavors were absolutely wonderful in my nachos; the hummus, feta, and tomato were fresh and tasty.  The only knock I would give them is that the chips tasted a bit stale.  In fact, they should probably use pita chips instead of tortilla chips.The bottom line:Good prices, great food ... just pick up some Stacey's Pita Chips from Costco and put 'em in the nachos.  Otherwise keep up the great job!
3	First time here.I got the Greek fries and a gyro.  Both dishes had a vinegary taste to them which wasn't necessarily unpleasant...just different.  I wasn't expecting it on my gyro especially.  Since I'm ignorant to authentic Greek cuisine, I'm thinking this might be the way a gyro is supposed to taste?  I don't know, but it sure was different.Anyway, the fries were friggin' awesome, even with the vinegary thing going on.  Feta cheese, oregano, some more cheese, and a dressing coats these big crispy steak fries.  So good.  And the order was quite filling by itself.As I said, the gyro had that thing going on, but past that, the meat was super tender and moist.  Their sauce (guess its tszi-uhm however you spell that) was plentiful but not overpowering at all, and it didn't make it sloppy.  The thing was chock full, too.  Huge.  $5.80The service was nice, too.  And I'm NOT just saying that due to the girls working the front being absolute knock-outs.  They even suckered me into a piece of baklava, which ended up being the best I've ever had.So this appears to be an authentic place, and its right down the street!  The food was good enough to make me want to try everything on the menu at least once, and I believe I will embark on that journey.  Vinegariness or not.
4	I do think the prices are a bit high on some things... only the smaller plates and "sandwich type" foods are under $10... all entree's are higher than $10. Many of the entrees are overpriced by 10-20%. The food ranges from good to great - no telling what it will be until you try it.They don't have saganaki on the menu but they have it... you sould pass anyway, it is not that good. I had better at the yearly greek festival, really!The potatoes they give with all entrees are so-so. They should offer a sub of one of their other apps - these are MUCH better.I recently had an entree special, stuffed pork chops - they were excellent. Good portion for the $15, very satisfied with this dish.I've also catered a large party with a mix of their platters, etc... good value for these and good quality and flavor... recommended.
4	Visited again, and just want to reiterate that the food and service were fantastic!  Bar none, the best Falafel platter I have had.  A really enjoyable restaurant!
4	Husband and I had dinner here a few years ago, and I really loved this place, but forgot about it. Tonight, while trying to decide on a place to eat, he reminded me of Pitta Souvli, and off we were.The best thing about this place is the atmosphere. It's cozy and intimate, with nice high top tables and outdoor seating. The food is reasonably priced, and for right around $30 (two entrees, and sodas) we left full. I had the Chicken Souvlaki platter (with potatoes and a salad) - fantastic, and Husband loved his Greek Burger. While we were there, we saw the ad for their happy hour - the prices are awesome (everything under $5) and the selections are great. Will definitely be going back to try out some of the apps.Overall, really liked it, glad to have re-discovered it and can't wait to go back.
3	My wife picked up so I cannot speak to the decor, service, etc.I had a gyro pita and the grilled halloumi (grilled cheese and pita) appetizer.The appetizer was good.  The portions were small, especially for the price.  I have never seen this dish anywhere else, it's worth a try.  The portions on the gyro pita were VERY small for the price.  The meat was a little dry and lacked character.  It seemed especially "commercial" for lack of a better term.  Like the mall.Would be decent "Greek style" fast food, if they charged fast food prices.  In their defense there does seem to be a trend lately of middle eastern/ mediterranean places overcharging.  I suspect a conspiracy of some sorts.
5	Pitta Souvli is exactly what a neighborhood Greek restaurant should be. Family owned, family run and the food is wonderful. I used to come here every Monday for happy hour until my job got in the way :( I still frequent it often and when I'm in the mood for a great gyro I know exactly where to go. Everyone I've introduced to Pita Souvli has become a regular as well. I tried what must have been a special hummus one day (avocado I think) and I really hope they consider adding it to the menu. Happy hour can't be beat as well with half price drinks! Definitely one of my favorite lunch/hh spots. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
5	Great place! Classy but relaxed atmosphere. Excellent hummus and falafel, which makes or breaks a Greek restaurant. One of my favorite local places.
3	Saw some good reviews, so thought I'd try it.Went for happy hour which I would advise if you're thinking of checking it out. 1/2 price appetizers (only ones from the list, not all) and 1/2 price beer and wine. The service was great. Very attentive waiter who did a great job.The food was ok, portions were fine, prices were reasonable. The gyros were,  as others noted, just a bit too dry. Greek salad was bland, I would not add it to your entree. Hummus was good, spanakopita was good, feta and olives ok. Falafel was a bit spicier than I'm accustomed but ok.The big surprise was the temperature in this restaurant. It's August in AZ and they had floor fans out. I inquired if they had problems with the AC but they told me they operate only swamp coolers. Really? I'm sure they don't own the building, so not their fault but it does impact your dining experience.The kids menu offered enough selection for the youngsters to get something if they don't like the Mediterranean food.I'd go back - for happy hour - but it will not be a regular place for me. I have two places closer to me with food that's just a bit better. I would like to have tried the lamb souvlaki but was too full from sampling all the appetizers. Maybe I'll go deeper on the menu some other trip.So, if you don't have a place closer to you with food you enjoy, there is nothing wrong with this place. You may like it enough to make it your regular Mediterranean place. In cooler months it might be nice to sit outside on their patio.
3	This place was good.  Thanks fellow yelpers - you were why I tried it. I had the Souvlaki Platter, I ordered it medium rare and it was cooked to order.  The lamb was tender and flavorful.  The platter came with a salad and potatoes all of which were tasty.  This restuarant was very reasonably priced for the amount/quality of food. The atmosphere and service were both good.
5	Yelper Alert-This is the best kept secret in Chandler. We are now regulars. Food is superb. Service is killer and prices very reasonable. Last night I had the special which was a taste orgy. I told the server it needs to be on the regular menu. He said simply ask for it even if its not listed and the chef will prpare it since everything is made fresh anyway. I am a big eater and $10 more than takes care of that. Cozy atmosphere and consistent quality.1/21/11 We continue to be regular. This place is off the hook
4	A fun visit to Pitta Souvli! Had the chicken schwarma which is good but just not the same as Doobie's. But since Doobie's closed, this will have to do. My son had the falafel platter which was good, but the trouble with falafel is that if they are over done, they are hockey-puck-like in texture. Our companion had the special which was a mediterranean burrito. It was awesome. We live in El Mirage so it's over an hour drive for us to get to Pitta Souvli but it is worth it.
5	This place is much improved from the first time we dined here. The new owners have really made this a great little place to eat Greek food. The food and the service are very good here and I highly recommend giving them another try if, like us, you weren't that impressed with the restaurant previously. By the way--the belly dancer is gone, too.
5	Not a current discovery, but I haven't been Yelping this year.  After major disappointments in Greek and Middle Eastern food in the Valley, I was thinking of keeping Pitta Souvli to myself. I don't want it too crowded for me to get in, but I don't want it closing either, though it seems to be in no danger. Happy hours get you drinks and some  appys at half price. I thought the humus was bland.It's too small for groups over 6 or 8. They have a small but good wine and beer list. Odells 5 Barrel IPA - my new fav! And I don't like IPA's. Over the past year I've had the Gyro Platter which I adore. The meat is crisp but juicy. And instead of fries, it comes with their marvelous roasted red potatoes and a little salad. Stuffed Red Peppers, 2 meals worth of goodness. The stuffing was meat & rice, just like mom used to make. Lamb Souvlaki, tender & well seasoned and cooked. Mushroom Souvlaki... I thought it was boring, just mushrooms.  Sorry there wasn't more. I keep going back for my gyro and roasted potato fix, and I drive from Gold Canyon, folks, it's not next door.  The prices are low, even with our beers, and we've decided to put it at the top of our list whenever the question is asked, "What's for dinner?"
5	We eat here at least twice a week.The gyro pita is excellent, moist and tender meat.  The lamb souvlaki is another favorite, have the cook it how the house likes it.  The chicken souvlaki has awesome, almost indian flavor, I love it.  The pizzas are first rate, both the veggie and ham over pesto.  For a special treat ask for the open faced tuna sandwich with is not on the menu.  The best tuna melt you will ever have.
4	So my wife and I were wanting to eat out but didn't want anything that left us feeling overstuffed. So we found this place in the corner of a strip mall, next to a gym. It was definitely hidden from the street so you'll have to find the Auto zone and you'll know your close.Pretty good food, a little more authentic than most places out there (pita jungle, my big fat greek restaurant), but overall its inexpensive and good.
4	Awesome food for a great value.  The PS staff members are awesome, especially Nick.  He remembered our names and orders after not seeing us in almost half a year.  Great place to eat and hang.
5	All around a fantastic neighborhood restaurant with great Greek food. I always enjoy visiting. The lentil salad and baklava are excellent!
4	My family loves this place! I like their lamb burger (which they don't always serve).  The service has always been great and the food is very good. They have nice specials and different flavors of hummus depending on which night you go.  We are a family of four so we've never had a problem with seating, but the place is a little small for larger groups.We used to live right down the street, but now that we are living in east Gilbert, it is definitely worth the drive to get there!
4	My bf and I went to Pitta Souvli this past Thursday evening around 6pm. It is a small, locally owned restaurant (with additional patio seating) tucked in the back corner of a strip mall. The ambience and decor are very relaxing and not over-done  -which could mean the focus is on the customer service and quality of the food. The wait staff were very attentive and pleasant. We ordered the Greek Nachos and Chicken Gyro Shawarma Platter.  The nachos were light, but filling and were not over-powered by the feta. The chicken was tender, juicy, seasoned, and over-all tasty. The red potatoes that came with the platter were very good, almost like smothered potatoes - but not a gravy, more like a olive oil and herb mix. Overall, I thought the food was flavorful and tasty and it's not pretentious -  beats a lot of the other chain "greek" places. And the prices were reasonable.
4	Came in a couple of weeks ago with my cousin and we both really enjoyed what we had ordered. We came in during the "happy hour" and got 3 appetizers: Baba Ganoush, Tzatziki and Feta & Olives.  My fave was the feta and olives. I liked the Tzatziki but it was a little too minty for my taste.  If there was a way for the mint to be toned down a lot, it would be much better. The pita bread was very soft, fresh and warm. Very complimentary. I'd love to come back and try the Spanakopita, Mediterranean Garlic Shrimp and perhaps see if the Tzatziki could be less minty. Delish!
4	I was craving Greek food for some reason and decided to give this place a try since it was nearby home. We made it for happy hr so we ordered a bunch of things thinking that their portions would be small but we were wrong...it was like whoaa we ordered way too much! We got the  Spanakopita, Greek fries, Greek nachos, Falafel Mee Tahini that came with pita breads, & Hummus which also came with pita breads. Lots and lots of carbs!!! Mmmmmm! It was so filling! .The happy hour prices for these are well worth it. Greek fries or Nachos for like $4 bucks? Everything we ordered had feta cheese on top with big slices of tomatoes and everything was tasty. Especially with their Tzatziki sauce. Next time I stop by I want to try their Greek salad and something on their dinner menu.
5	Doesn't disappoint. Consistenly excellent w exceptional service. High quality food w reasonable prices. A real find
5	I'm a fan of this small family place. My husband and I love to go here and have dinner. Their special hummus is always impressive.  My husband tells me that their lamb cannot be beat. I've had a bite of his, and always found it to be very tasty.  I've tried so many things on the menu, and have never had something that I didn't enjoy.  They offer a wonderful happy hour, and one weekend a month they have a belly dancer in.
4	Very good food, good friendly service.   They do serve hard liquor now - and I had a very yummy "spiced orange julius" with pinacle whipped vodka.   The dip trio was good, nice soft pita, though we needed extra pita to go with all the dip.   The baba ganoush was the best - the tzaki was VERY minty as one other reviewer noted.  The greek salad that came with the dinners was one of the best salads I have every had - lightly dressed with a ton of red peppers and feta.   The potatoes were well seasoned, though seemed a little greasy.    We tried the gyro meat and the chicken shwarma - both of which were delicious. Can't wait to go back and try the stuffed red peppers!  The wait staff was very friendly and the hostess (who may have been the owner or at least a manager) spoke to everyone and seemed very invested in the happiness of the customers.
4	We came here for happy hour and although it was a tad bit difficult to find we're glad we made the extra effort to find it.  Cute quaint restaurant with very good and reasonable items on their happy hour menu.  We got the Falafel mee Tahini, greek nachos, hummus, and greek fries.  My favorite was the greek nachos.  This was more than enough to feed both my husband and I with left overs to take home.  We'll definitely be back!
5	We tried platters... very pleased with both. We especially liked the feta cheese on our salads - it was the most creamy delicious feta cheese I've ever had... they said it was from Bulgaria... mmm mmm mmm yummmmmy! Lamb was a little overcooked for medium rare, but didn't take away points for that because it was still fabulous. Definitely will return for more!P.S. A little hard to find.
5	Pitta Souvli is without a doubt my favorite Greek restaurant in the Valley. It is locally owned, has fantastic customer service and the food is amazing. I am a vegetarian and this place always has delicious options for me. However, pre-vegetarian days were filled with their tuna salad which is out of this world :) Don't miss out on an order of the greek fries when you visit!
5	In the corner of the shopping center at Alma School and Germann (Northwest Corner). Hard to find but the best find yet! Referred there by my mechanic- DELISH!!! Great service better food!
5	Eat here. That's all I gotta say about this place. It's locally owned, friendly, and most importantly, delicious! The hummus is delicious, the greek fries are to die for, and the lamb burgers...oh my. I've tried lots on their menu and have loved it ALL.Eat here. You won't be sorry.
4	Best gyros I've had in the East Valley so far.  The place is nice, but the service was very slow when I went there with a group of people for lunch.  It was my first time there, and maybe I caught them on a bad day?  I'll definitely be back again...
4	I admit my spouse is a bigger fan, but the food is fresh and authentic in style. We go often as the lighter fare is a nice break from traditional american cuisine.They regularly have coupons in the val packs which arrive in the mail monthly making a full meal out hard to resist.
5	My wife and I have been cooking more for ourselves.  As we do many restaurants aren't worth it.  Pitta always delivers.  Great specials, and great regular menu items.  The staff is awesome and always makes us feel at home.  They have a great beer selection too.  The only thing I will say negative about the place is that most people that order the platters will probably want the potatoes cooked to a crispness on the outside.  Just ask they will do it.  The way they usually do it is under-cooked in my opinion.   I also wish they brewed the plain tea.For dessert I recommend the pourekia.  It is great.  The description doesn't do it justice.  The cheese is more like cream.  The cheese cakes are also excellent.
4	Ordered items to go. Gyro plate (3.5 stars)olives and feta (3.5 stars) and spankopita (5 stars). Gyro meat was just a little dry in some spots. Quick friendly service.
1	We just got take out from here after seeing it on Yelp. I didn't even have an account and felt compelled to sign up so I could write a review. We both got the falafel pitas. I think it was cooked hours earlier and re-fried and given to us. Little hard rocks of  falafel, disgusting. The hummus was not very good either, and some of our favorite Mediterranean places we go to just for the hummus. Considering it was also empty inside I would say that this is one for Chef Ramsey to visit. Would have given it 0 stars if possible.
4	Went here last January or so and I thought my lamb plate was average while my boyfriend loved his greek burger.  We ended up going here again this past week and enjoyed our visit.  The waitress was a little slow on refilling soda, but all the employees were really nice!  I had a falafel pita while my boyfriend had his greek burger again.  We had the normal hummus as an appetizer.  It was all very tasty!!!  I felt the falafels were a little hard but still yummy.  The greek fries are very tasty as well, I would recommend those.  Next time we go, I am not quite sure what I will taste!
4	Great Happy Hour deals on wine and some appetizers. We ordered a bottle of wine ($13.50!) that was delicious. We ordered the pesto caprese bruschetta ($5.00) and greek fries ($3.00) that were both on the happy hour menu.  The bruschetta was very nice, and greek fries were cooked well and crispy, but could have used more garlic, olive oil, and lemon juice for flavor.  The feta cheese used on the dishes was very tasty.  For meals, we ordered a falafel sandwich which was authentic with hummus and tehina that were nice, a chicken schwarma that was just right, and a pesto caprese burger which was outstanding. The desserts were good too, our favorite being the one with phyllo dough filled with mascarpone type cheese...mmm.  The prices were affordable, the staff were very friendly albeit a little slow, but it was a laid back enjoyable evening spent on the patio.
4	I like this for a lunch spot - they've got tasty options ... AND, guess what?  They have LAMB WEDNESDAYS!  I Looove Lamb!!  Their lambrurger is awesome; their lamb chops are great (just order them cooked med rare, trust me) and it's just nice to have a place that offers tasty lamb dishes close to work and for a special price (on Wed's).  I have tried a few other things here and they were tasty, but I stick to my lamb.The ambiance is nice, relaxed, and darker inside - but still bright enough for a 'business lunch' (ie. it's not "romantic" dark).  They also have outdoor seating area, which is great when weather is nice.  Staff has always been nice, no complaints there.
4	This was an unexpected find!  The location is a bit difficult to locate as it's sort of "around the back" but it's cute as a button inside.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  My chicken souvlaki was delicious.  I was wishing we had room for dessert!  If I find myself in this neighborhood again,  I will definitely stop back in.
5	Delicious!  Chicken Shawarma Platter and hummus hit the spot!
3	The food here is delicious, our waitress on the other hand was so ridiculous. She was taking pictures  with the other table after we had asked for a box and our check. She was also aware we were on a lunch break from work. She forgot everything and could care less about us. She was more interested in the guys at our neighboring table. I think i'll stick to ordering food to-go from here
3	I have had dinner here twice, the first time the service was excellent, and the food good, the second time the food was still good, but the service was a bit inattentive, even though the restaurant was not crowded at all.
4	This place was really good! We were pleasantly surprised, since the strip mall exterior did not exactly bode well. We came in just after 5 on a Friday night and the place was packed. Service was very good, attentive and prompt. We ordered the happy hour appetizer of tzatziki, which was small but delicious. Great pita bread too!  For entrees, we got the chicken souvlaki platter and the chicken shwarma platter, both with Greek fries instead of the regular potatoes. The Greek fries were awesome. Worth going back, right there. The feta was not as salty as it often is, which made them awesome. Both kinds of chicken were good, the souvlaki better than the shwarma. Massive amounts of food, but so yummy. I'll definitely go back!
5	So almost 1 year later, we return. And I wonder why it took me so long. The service is great, non pretentious, friendly, informative & just really nice. The food is impressive. Not too much, not too little, just right in every aspect... cooking, presentation, portion, etc. When you walk out of somewhere & the 1st thing you think is.... have I Yelped this place? - You know that it's really made a mark on your feelings, your thoughts, your need to share with the world the information of a place that is getting it right! It is in the back or side of a strip mall (surprise - welcome to AZ), but when you walk in you are transported to a quaint, welcoming atmosphere, including the patio area. Definitely a hidden gem that I wouldn't pass up!
5	Simply awesome. This place is best eatery in Chandler hands down. The hummus, soup, and lamb is fantastic (medium rare). The lamb is so suculent as it enter my mouth to be pleasure dinto new heights. The hummus I could nto get enough....ooo boy great pita bread.  Top it all off the service was freindly and the atmosphere is opa. Awesome.....I think we need captain opa in here.
5	Affordable. Great food and service. Simply perfect especially for a quick meal and drink when on the road.
5	Amazing food, friendly staff, affordable prices! You Must check it out!
5	This is so close to home, but we tried this only recently (and I can't think of a reason why because I love greek food and kept going to my fave spots all the way in Tempe). It is kind of tucked away and not prominent, so we thought they might be empty, but we were pleasantly surprised to see many patrons.We had dinner, but returned for happy hour and I think it's a great place for happy hour. There were groups of people who were definitely having a good time. The service was a bit... brusque. The waiters are constantly rushing around. I am not a fan of fake smiles and high pitched greetings, but this was a bit unsettling too.
4	Just plain great! Had the lentil salad...it was humongous!!!! Be prepared of its awesome size. Filled with feta cheese, rice, romaine lettuce, lentils, onions, & tomatoes. Very good. Of course the New Zealand lamb chops!  Stay greeky my friend!
5	My wife and I are regulars here.  They have a great happy hours where the wine is half off before 6:30 M-F.  Their are specials every day including George's Hummus of the day which is usually a little on the spicy side......which we love.  George, the chef/owner, is from Cyprus and is very particular about cooking healthy with fresh ingredients.  Another awesome deal is 2 for Tuesday when you can get 2 Gyro or 2 Chicken Shwarma (or 1 of each) for only $10.  That and the half price wine makes it a steal on Tuesdays.  The food is delicious and he always accommodates special requests like grilled onions on the Gyro or when I just want a piece of Salmon on a Greek Salad, which is not on the menu but one of my regular orders.  This is a husband and wife owned and run restaurant that shows they care through the whole experience.  Try it, you will enjoy the food and the experience.
5	Service is excellent.  Food is always perfect.
3	Stumbled on to this restaurant when me and my date were looking for a place for dinner. The selection that night seemed pretty average, nothing really stood out as a must have. My veggies weren't overly buttered like most other placed and they do have a decent beer selection. I wouldn't mind coming back here every now and again when the mood hits me right, but this place doable.
5	Delicious food, great service!
4	This place has the best greek fries!  I come here occassionally when I'm going to the nearby global bikes shop.  It's tucked away with an understated sign, so you need to walk nearby to stumble on it.  I've been here many times for dinner and lunch.  The staff is friendly and prompt.  The food has a lot of variety, with great portions of every greek food.
5	Fantastic. I usually go for quick street food when it comes to Greek, but I wanted a nice relaxing meal. Had to order the lamb souvlaki because, you know, lamb. Ordered it medium rare and it came cooked to perfection. Juicy and tender and well seasoned. Impressed, as most places screw up cooking such small pieces of meat. Not these guys! Lemon potatoes were also excellent and the side salad was the tastiest I've had at any Greek joint. I feel like they used a quality olive oil...and the generous amount of feta didn't hurt! Wish I had room for an appetizer or dessert. Will definitely come back here the next time I'm visiting AZ. The only negative is just a pet peeve of mine from my beer snobbery - good beer served in an ice cold glass. Cold kills the flavor and they have some good stuff on tap, a shame.
3	So suddenly feeling guilty about meat I decided Mediterranean/Greek was the way to go....fire up Yelp, sort by most reviewed... Yahtzee...Pitta Souvli.I had researched online and decided the falafel platter was my goal. I got a very friendly greeting and was asked to sit anywhere, cool. I happened to be just moments inside happy hour but was able to order the hummus of the day and a kilt lifter draft at a discount! The hummus was a nice spicy mix which was the star of the evening. I ordered the falafel platter. This could be a meal for two....I will say the falafel's were over cooked and a tad dry..but tzatziki to the rescue. Anyway, the portion was big, the veggies decent and the flavors good.I'd go back if in the area.
5	Just love this place. It is in a terrible location but the restaurant is a gem! It is very cute inside & the staff is very friendly. Now for the food. Absolutely delicious! I had the lamb burger topped with feta & grilled onions with a great Greek salad. My husband had the gyro platter with roasted lemon potatoes & Greek salad. He loved it. The portions are huge. The grape leaves are just yummy as an appetizer. It is so nice to find a nice family restaurant in Az. I am so sick of franchises. Look for this restaurant you will not be disappointed.
5	Holy Amazing, Batman!This place is great.  We happened to be waiting for our dog to be done at the clinic across the street and since we were starving, we checked out local reviews and decided to try this place out.  This is a hidden gem.The place is not overly big but it is comfortable.  We were there midday during the week so there were not as many customers.  We were sat right away and took a look at the menu.  Even though there were a lot of tips on the yelp page, we decided on the gyros platter and the chicken gyro shawarma (sp?) platter.  You get a lot of food with these.  Both came with pita, potatoes and a salad.  The salad and potatoes were delicious and light.  My girlfriend had the gyro platter with the beef and lamb and the meat had a good flavor to it.  I had the chicken and I am so glad that I did.  The flavor was amazing, especially when combined with the sauce that comes with it.  The tzatziki (sp?) sauce was creamier and sweeter than I am used to but was still delicious.  I am pretty sure it was made with Greek yogurt.  They brought us extra pita when we requested it and we definitely used it.We left full and content.  It is a shame that we live so far away but if we are in the area we will absolutely come back.  If you are in the area and have not tried this place yet, you need to.  You won't be disappointed.
5	$10 huge gyro's for two on Tuesday's can't be beat. EXCELLENT.  Only complaint is they kept the restaurant a little on the warm side.
5	Looking for a good Greek restaurant and found it!  Fresh food, wonderful authentic flavors, cute atmosphere, and service was personable and friendly!  Shared  a plate and it was attractively divided without asking.  Looking forward to my next visit!
4	We ate here in a hurry as our dog was being monitored at the Spay/Neuter clinic across the street.We split a Gyro plate that included a very tasty salad, pita's etc. Our waitress was INCREDIBLY sweet and attentive. Just an all around pleasant experience when were were going through some stressful stuff with our dog. We ended up coming out of necessity and LOVED our impromptu lunch here.We live in Laveen, but if ever in the area again, we will be making a stop again. It was great!
4	Went here for lunch and boy was I surprised. The food was delicious!  The Lemon Chicken and rice soup was fantastic! Their Pitta Gyro sandwich with the greek salad - outstanding.  I love their menu and the multitude of items you can get and just pick at with a table full of friends.  Its a little small inside but they also have an outdoor patio. They have a wine bar which I'm sure would be nice for dinner time - or lunch if your a lover of wine.  We will totally be back here for dinner some night soon!
4	Tucked away in a little storefront plaza is this great restaurant! Doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is VERY comfortable & classy. The service was very attentive and friendly. And the food - mmm-mmm! Definitely would go back!
2	We visited this restaurant with 5 other couples on a Saturday night. The restaurant is small and appears clean. The a/c was SET at 86 degrees. We have the exact same thermostat at home so I know for sure it was SET to 86. It was so hot in the restaurant that the waiter had sweat rolling off his face while he was talking to us. Gross. The ice in our beverages kept melting so fast that we would ask for more ice. That has never happened to me before. When we asked him about the temperature, he said 'the manager was not in 'to turn the a/c lower (even though the thermostat was right above our table!) but he 'felt our pain'. Then he wiped his sweat again. There was a tall, stand up fan in the corner by the bus station so clearly this was not an issue of the a/c being out for the night. I mention this because it was hard to relax and have an enjoyable meal because it was so stinking hot in there!  The food was good but I found the serving sizes to be a bit skimpy, especially the meat portions. I ordered the pork skewars and I would be surprised if I had 4 oz. of meat. The greek salad was tasty as were the appetizers. I felt that they also skimped on the pita bread served with the meal which is funny because pita bread is very inexpensive. I would consider trying it again, with a coupon, in the winter. On our way out the door, we met the owner. Interesting... The waiter said there was no one there to take care of the a/c issue. Hmmm.
5	This is by FAR, HANDS DOWN the best Greek restaurant in Chandler. The chef is from Cypress, that should tell you something. The ambiance is very romantic, dimly lit with pendant and string lighting at night. Bring your reading glasses if you are over 40 ;)Get yourself a sitter and go out for a romantic night. This is the perfect neighborhood place for that. High top tables surround the perimeter and  a few regular height ones. They play wonderful Greek music too! There is a fairly large patio which I am going to rent out space in come fall.Now for the food! OMG!! We have been here twice in 2 weeks because we are from Portland and are well, basically, Greek food whores.We order the platter with all the standard Greek tapas like spanikopita and hummus and then split an entree which is perfect. The platter has  Baba Ghanoush , which is the best I have ever had in my life and the Dolmadas well, I felt like I was having sex in public. They are a little different, served hot, in a tomato base sauce that was very dark and Ah-Mazing! My man had the Chicken Souvlaki which he said was fantastic. It came with a side salad and lemon infused potatoes, which I had a bite of, and they were great. I only have two criticisms and they were not enough to dock any stars just maybe suggestions for the owners.We are also wine snobs. I know, you didn't see that coming right? Although they had one of my favorite Greek wines Boutari Naoussa (yes, those Greeks make some wonderful dry reds) the serving temp was too high. Even though it is a red, it needs to be a little chilled in the 50-60 degree range. AZ room temps in the summertime can be much hotter than that.The other wish is that they serve a HUGE bowl tzatiki with the platter. They have it and it is fantastic but you have to order it separately.This is a moderately priced, romantic place with fabulous food!
5	Awesome family owned restaurant! We keep coming back for the fresh food and great service.Try the chicken soulvaki! You won't be disappointed
5	This place was amazing!  Everything we tasted was fresh and delicious.  I'm used to Greek food being greasy and heavy, but not here.  Everything was light, and the schwarma was almost like eating a salad.  Great atmosphere as well.  Also you have to try the cheescake.  I know that's an odd choice for a Greek place, but they make it in house and it's delicious.  We also enjoyed the Greek fries.   The feta cheese made it perfect.We will definitely be back.
5	I was in Chandler on a business trip and looking for a healthy vegetarian restaurant; Pitta Souvli exceeded my expectations.I had the grilled Halloumi cheese and mushroom platter. But it comes with potatoes and pita bread, and I'm looking to avoid carbs (yes picky I know). I asked if they could sub those two with extra salad, or hummus, or baba ghanoush, or anything. Yep, whichever I wanted, so I picked baba ghanoush.The meal arrived and it was absolutely delicious. The greek salad was very good; tasty with lots of oregano and not overdressed. The baba ghanoush had lots of smoky flavor and a great texture. They added cucumber slices to replace the pita bread, so I had something to dip up the eggplant. The Halloumi cheese was wonderfully grilled.Overall the food was excellent. I ended up with gluten-free as well; so you could get that here even though it's not something I look for.The service was great too. It wasn't busy and the waitress could see I was alone & felt like chatting, so she and I talked some about books we've been reading.I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in Chandler!
5	This place is always a family favorite. the kids love the butter noodles and pizza.  My wife likes the spanakopita, gyro pitta, grilled chicken salad, greek salad and beet salad (which is a special from time to time).I have a too many favorites to list.  Tonight I had the honey porkchop special.  The long grain rice with spinach side dish was my first bit, I couldn't stop eating it. I had 10 bites before I even tried the chop.  The chop was perfectly grilled with nice (perfect actually) char marks.  I stuffed myself on the rice and chop so we brought my salad home for a later meal.  Great stuff.  I got to see many of my favorite people tonight too, so it was a good night.
5	We loved it. Came here with Greek family and they LOVED it!! Try the sampler appetizer plater....great variety! Portion sizes are very generous, and the staff is outstanding!!
5	Best baklava I have ever had, and I have been to Greece and Turkey several times.  Baklava cheesecake also to die for if they have it in.  Also, a different hummus every day!  We love trying them all.  Dinner is great and pretty big, but also pretty healthy.  I would highly recommend.  A great neighborhood restaurant.
5	Was so sad we we moved father away from this little gem. We always try to have lunch or dinner here when we are back in the area. The staff is so friendly and helpful. Tuesday night gyro special is awesome, of course I add in a Greek salad for myself. The shrimp appetizer is always great, and I believe that it's on the happy hour menu too. My favorite, is the Greek Chef salad. For some reason, I always seem to come back to it. My husband loves the lamb and typically gets a lamb dish. I can't think of a single thing that we've ordered that we didn't like.
3	it was just ok not great no bad
4	Good place to come for Lamb skewered rare, A bit on the pricey side.All in all seasoning on Lamb could be better, to make it 5 star worthy.
5	i love this place.i've been here a handful of times.  the staff is always very helpful & sweet... my boyfriend recently brought me in for valentine's day and it was perfect.  they were a little busy but that's expected.  i had a glass of greek white wine that started things off right... we ordered the red pepper hummus with cucumbers and hummus... and it was delicious.  the cucumbers were fresh; the hummus had the perfect amount of spice.  yummy.my boyfriend had the pesto burger... which was absolutely amazing.  i know, i know... burger at a greek place.  but trust me!  the burger was cooked to perfection and he said it was the best burger that he's ever had.  maybe i'm lying about that... but it really was yummy.i had the ahi tuna & greek salad... which was on the valentine's menu.  good... good... i'm pretty stuck on the gyro but it was a nice change of pace.  a little lighter than what i'm used to but still tasty.  i was able to order some baklava to go.  ORDER THE BAKLAVA.  i haven't been able to find any that compares... it's that great.
5	This is definitely a great option for eating or taking out.  We've eaten here on many occasions and the food is delicious.  This is not a quick dine place, plan on relaxing and enjoying the atmosphere and drinks.  We have also have take out here - it is packed well and tasty! We love the specialty hummus.  The cilantro is my favorite.
3	The overall feel of the restaurant was nice. The server was very nice and extremely careful about my food allergy. The hummus was very obviously homemade and even the plain was probably the best hummus I have ever had. However the falafel had great flavor but was a bit dry.
5	We like to support the local restaurants and this place never disappoints. I enjoy all of their salads & the melitzana tower with eggplant & halloumi. My son/husband like the gyros and they also have a good kid's menu that includes milk & juice (not just soda for those of you who actually don't feed your kids soda!). The black bean hummus and warmed pita are always delicious.
5	We have been coming here since it first opened. This is the best Greek/ Mediterranean in the area. You just can beat the fresh flavors and quality. Really a treat.
5	Oh my gosh. Where do I begin? The humus was awesome. The main courses were all DELICIOUS. The atmosphere was inviting (the patio is to die for), and the service was incredible. There is an extensive wine list and a good selection of beer as well. The new owners have done a fantastic job. Hands down, this is one of our favorite places. It's a MUST!!!
5	We found this great piece of heaven on yelp while trying to find good local food. This place lived up to the hype!  The spicy hummus was the best I ever had. I also had the pork ribs and my wife had the grilled shrimp, both plates were awesome. They serve hefty portions which I like because you get your money's worth and more. The staff was very nice and personable and answered any questions we had for our first visit.
5	Like so many other reviews, we find this place top-notch.  Excellent food and service.  We eat there at least once a week and it's consistently reliable.  Tip:  If you do a lunch, upgrade to Greek fries.  They are perfect here.
5	Nice little restaurant with great service and excellent food. When you go there have the Greek Fries, you can't go wrong. But if you try the Greek Nachos they won't disappoint either.
5	I'll add my voice to the masses who can't extol the virtues of this place enough! Wonderful staff! Delicious, unique, wonderfully real Greek cuisine in a really lovely atmosphere. I can't wait to try the cheese they serve tableside en flambe! It looks incredible and I always stare longingly when someone else gets it. Their gyros are large and bursting with fresh, delicious flavor. I get mine with olives and feta. I just went in last night to get some take out and when I got there, the tea looked so refreshing (it was 100 outside), I ordered one to go. The owner was standing there and gave me one complimentary - just out of kindness! This is a great night out in a sea of 'meh' in the greater Chandler area. I look forward to it whenever I go.
5	New Owners really take pride in their food and restaurant. Great service, tasty food. Lamb dishes are my favorite but it is all fantastic. Don't miss this gem of a family owned restaurant.
3	After coming here for many years & always enjoying it, it was a little disappointed tonight. The food was very good as usual but the service was very slow. We purposely went tonight because we got an email stating there was going to be a singer there on Wednesdays in May. Got there, no music. Asked where he was & was told the owner told him not to bother to come because it was too hot. It's  the end of May on Az what did he expect it to be. Don't advertise you going to have entertainment & then not have it. The outside needs mist &  lights. There was a table outside of 14 people it was so dark you couldn't even see them..let's go new owners get on the ball. What happened to the TV? The food is still good now put a little money in the place & if you advertise something have it?
5	Great pitas and salads. I live down the street from PS and love getting takeout from here. Prices are very reasonable for what you get and the food is awesome. One of the few places me and my wife agree on. A must try in Chandler!
2	My wife and I just returned from Pitta Souvli after having not visited this spot in quite some time despite it literally being within walking distance of our home. Needless to say, after this visit, we will not be returning.We arrived around 5:30ish and the restaurant was only about half full. They were running with two wait staff who seemed to be pretty busy despite the patio being empty. We decided against an appetizer this time but had we, perhaps we would have had something to eat sooner rather than the much later when our food finally came. We kept it simple: I with a chicken schwarma platter (which was tasty) and she with a gyro flatbread. Apparently "flatbread" meant a wheat tortilla and not actual flatbread as you'd get if ordered elsewhere. That aside, the food came after a seemingly excessive 30+ minute wait. This is no exaggeration. It seems that the cooks were prioritizing to-go orders over food for the dining room and I'll never understand that. Whatever.When it did come, hers was COLD. I couldn't stop the waiter (whose name I will spare) to bring it to his attention since he seemed to be covering more than half the dining room area. He didn't ever stop to ask if everything was correct or if everything was okay. NOT ONCE. All through our dinner, my aggravation was clearly present on my face but, despite that, no one ever stopped to bother asking... not even the owner's wife who was seated across the aisle from us and who began helping out a bit once things picked up.Despite all this, I remained pleasant with the waiter seeing as perhaps some of the issues were beyond his control. I don't excuse him entirely though seeing as he never came back to check on us beyond filling our drinks once. We also had to ask for our check as did the other couple who was seated in front of us. The server was apparently so busy they walked their check up to the front register. I made sure to fill out the enclosed comment card since it's apparently important enough for them to include it with your check. After filling it out, I made sure to ask the owner's wife if they read and valued the opinions written on them. She smiled and said yes, so I stressed that it was important for her to read mine. I turned and walked out with not a word being uttered from either the wife or the owner (perhaps a male family member?) who had recently come into the restaurant and seemed very enthralled with attending to the three blondes seated back near the bar area. A disappointing end to what could have been a nice visit. Such a shame, too. I really like their food.
5	Still awesome food but changed hands to one of the regulars who updated the interior and added weekends to the happy hour. Still here once a week and look forward to the fresh and tasty food every time.
3	Great atmosphere. Friendly staff. I got the falafel-the pita was very good but the actually falafel balls were very dry.
5	Oh my gosh, this place is sooo yummy. Best Greek I have had in years! The flavor, the taste, so impressed. Wish my stomach was bigger lol. I will be back to try other dishes. Today I had the pesto salmon. Wow!!! Beyond delicious
5	Great food, reasonable prices, and wonderful service. Family owned business...will definitely return!  :-)
4	After passing this daily on our way to the nearby health club, I decided to try this with a friend. What a nice place. Contrary to another review, service was prompt, attentive (almost too much so) and we had no complaints. In fact I took a menu so that some day after a health club visit. My husband and I can stop one day soon.
5	After a yelp search my family and I ended up here! What a wonderful meal! We began with drinks, wine for myself and a beer for my father. We ordered the dip trio, classic, black bean and babaganush! Served with warm pita bread, gone in 5 minutes FLAT! I ordered the Falafel dinner. They were a bit dry. The potatoes that they were served with were wonderful! My father and son both had burgers, served warm and juicy. Cooked to perfection! My daughter had a gyro pita. I advised her to eat a bit of the meat out of it so she could pick it up and the next thing I knew, she had eaten ALL the meat! Thankfully she was full, and my father ordered a side of gyro meat with his burger. Woo Hoo! Lunch for tomorrow! My mother had a flatbread, while it had a few to many onions for my taste, it was delicious! Walking in the door, my father noticed the homemade baklava! Since we were too full to eat another bite, we too it home. We also took home a slice of the coconut cheesecake! Both were AMAZING! I suggest you try this place out!
5	This was my 3rd time here...LOVE it! Fresh, tastey food with friendly service in a pleasant and clean atmosphere. My new favorite in the area!!!  Good management always makes a better atmosphere...and the employees are wonderful too!
1	Waited for an hour during lunch. They took my order, waited forever, and ended up having to leave without eating because I needed to get back to work.
5	We went here for the first time today. The ambiance is very nice - not too formal, but a nice selection of regular tables and high tables. They were testing out some new wines today so we got to sample 4 wines and give them feedback on them (no charge! (for the wine or our feedback :) ).  We split 2 dishes. She got the falafel platter. The falafel's were done to perfection - nicely toasted on the outside and moist and tender on the inside. They were very tasty as well - not bland at all. I had the gyro flatbread. The meat was tasty and tender. We made the mistake of getting the baklava for desert - which we couldn't stop eating - so we were stuffed! The baklava was honey sweet - but not so wet that the honey was dripping. And was very nutty tasting. All in all a great experience and we'll definitely go back.
5	We've been to Pitta Souvli three times now and have greatly enjoyed it all three time.  If you want crazy, over the top flaming cheese on swords, go some place else.  PS is comfortable and family friendly with fresh, tasty food.  We've enjoyed three different hummuses that were awesome. My favorite was the spicy pesto hummus, but all were great.  I'm a gyros fan and have had it twice - moist with the perfect amount of caramelization. The pitas have always been fresh and perfectly grilled to hold up to what you put on them.  Did I forget to say everything was fresh?  Crispy vegetables in the salads, just made tzatziki and tasty freshly made roasted potatoes.  We've also had the pork and the chicken souvlaki. Everything had been very good.  Now the desserts: baklava, carrot cake and peach cheesecake.  Need I say it again?  All were just what we needed.  It's looking like this will probably be a regular trip from Maricopa!
5	A little greek gem that's family ownedand operated :) Food was really tasty,  got their hummus special,  the roasted red pepper & cilantro hummus,  falafel with fries. Yummmy! I'm glad or waiter suggested to go with the special hummus today.Service was amazing and ambiance was nice and chill.  Great spot for a quick lunch.  Def will be coming back again.
5	I love this place. The platters are great and the potatoes are my favorite. I also love the Greek salad and the wine selection. They also have some great appetizers.We always get really great service whenever we are here. The wait staff is always friendly and they remember us any time we return.
4	The amount of food is pretty impressive and the staff was super friendly. The falafel was dry and extremely salty though. Otherwise the rest of the meal was great!
5	I have only had carry outs from here, but top notch each time!  Quality ingredients, fresh herbs, etc.  Inside looks like a nice atmosphere and I look forward to eating in soon. My only complaint is that I often forget it's there!
2	I have always liked this place. I eat here once a week. Unfortunately, recently their food portions have gotten smaller and smaller. I have kept going back, in hopes it was just temporary. Today's chicken souvlaki pita had only four small pieces of chicken, 3 pieces of diced tomato, and two slivers of onion. What I was once able to share with my toddler, isn't really enough for just me. It looks like I will have to go down the road from now on.
5	Love Nick, he's very knowledgeable in his wines ambd always a joy to see.   Foods is fantastic, try the halumi,  it's amazing.   Lamb burger ambd pesto burger also fantastic,  never had a bad meal, love this place!
4	Quality of food still excellent, but be sure to stress the importance of avoiding cross-contamination on orders for those with food allergies/sensitivities/autoimmunities.  Restaurant kindly offered to remake the dish after pita came in contact with the food; celiac diners will understand the severity of such potential cross-contamination.  Also, it's difficult to explain the necessity of "not even a crumb" without sounding like a complete prick! HahaHopefully, the restaurant will take the opportunity to research and offer a gluten-free (under 20ppm) menu; many of the menu items are most-likely already GF.  In the growing market of celiac and allergen-sensitive diners, it would be a shame to have to avoid Pitta Souvli in favor of other establishments that understand, and train staff in, cross-contamination issues.Terrific food as always!
5	I grew up in the Phoenix area and go back often to visit. Friends from Chandler introduced me to this little gem of a restaurant last spring and I have made a point of going back every visit  I love how fresh the food tastes and how I can get so many different authentic Mediterranean dishes. The waitstaff is so friendly and helpful, great wine list!  Love the chicken dishes, and the desserts are both unique and amazingly delicious!  I avoid chain restaurants and Pitta Souvli has the atmosphere of a true owner run  restaurant, which it is.  A great neighborhood treasure where people know each other with a lot of visiting between the tables and with the charming owner.
5	Needed Greek food tonight and since My Big Fat Greek closed I was searching for someplace yummy.  Originally from Detroit where there were amazing Greek restaurants on every corner.  This place was very fresh and really yummy.  Even my kids ate everything on their plates and they are picky!  Plus Elly who helped us was amazing.  Really patient and  helpful.  We will be back for sure!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place. A hidden gem in a random location beside an auto parts store! The service is always friendly, and the food fresh and tasty, and as a bonus, its also super healthy. Their prices are reasonable, especially during their happy hour! They almost always have a "special" hummus to offer and the green chili blend is to die for. My husband is obsessed with their "Pesto Caprese" burger. An incredible burger at a Mediterranean joint? I know, crazy! But just try it (or any of their burgers). You won't be disappointed.
5	Favorites are the Greek salad, lamb souvlaki, gyros. The rosemary potatoes are incredible!Super friendly staff!
5	Cute restaurant, very clean and food was delicious. Service came with a smile which in my book equals excellent. From what I remember, our party of four had lamb, rosemary potatoes, Greek fries, gyro pitas, and a halloumi mushroom platter.  I'm looking forward to trying something different next time.
4	New owners but the same great food.  My previous complaint about the potatoes no longer applies.  The potatoes are now cooked properly, not under done like they used to be.
5	Great combination of great food, great specials and happy hours in a quaint setting with the best service we've ever had....the staff makes you feel like family!  Our favorite restaurant in Chandler.
5	I love this place. Fresh, clean, bright flavors.  Very accommodating to those with food allergies.  Don't forget to try the Rosemary-lemon potatoes!
5	Hidden gem!  Love this place. My husband and I try to eat dinner here at least once peer week.  The food is always delicious. I especially love the shrimp appetizer. Happy hour is awesome and they have a great wine selection. If you like cabs, I really love Old Soul. Besides the food, what keeps us going back is the service. The restaurant is so quaint and personal. The staff is always so friendly and welcoming. So happy to have a great neighborhood restaurant close to home!
5	I've been here a few times, and each time has been fantastic. The ambience of the restaurant is very nice, and my server (I think his name is Nick) is one of the best servers I've ever had at a restaurant. On top of that, the food is always delicious. I've tried a few different kinds of hummus, their halloumi cheese, baba ganoush, and chicken shawarma, and I've been consistently pleased by all of them. Their pita bread is delicious--always warm and well-seasoned. I definitely recommend this place!
5	Visited Chandler yesterday and found this desert gem. We've been staying in Casa Grande the past couple of months and find ourselves wanting for some good eats. This placed filled that need and more.  The falafel appetizer was excellent, very tasty and not over cooked and dry like many places tend to do. It was served with slices of fresh tomato on a bed of crisp romaine with a drizzle of tahini. Yum!  I had the lamb and my wife the beef souvlaki, both were excellent, the meat tender and cooked medium rare as ordered. The salad was fresh crisp and well dressed. The waitress was very nice and attentive. We were too full for desert so I can not report on that. If we are back in the area we will definitely stop in again.
3	We walked in and awkwardly stood at the front door. The woman who seemed to be the owner or manager looked up at us, and then looked back down. It was not until a nice young man turned over and saw us that we were greeted. We sat down and waited for well over 5 mins before anyone even made eye contact with us. Even then, no one came to our table to get our drink order. I finally had to walk up to the register to get someone to come and get our order. Then she explained that our waitress just got a big table, and that is why no one helped us. Completely understand, but the owner lady could have came over and taken our drink order, or the young man, or the lady who finally came and helped us. Kudos to them though, they stayed positive and were very friendly and polite.The food was good. We got the hummus trio, gyro platter, and grilled cheese. The fries are thicker, but surprisingly a little bit crisper. Do not get rice, it is literally mushy plain rice. Was not use to that compared to the other Greek places we eat at. Would I go again? Possibly, only if our first choice Greek restaurant was not open again.
5	Super friendly, great ambiance and the food is delicious. The owner recommended the lamb burger and it did not disappoint.  It was a melt in your mouth burger. Also the dolmades were out of this world. Great happy hour and daily specials. Our server Elly was so knowledgable and friendly. We will definitely be back. New favorite!!!!
