3	Discovered this new burger joint on the way to the bank the other day, looked in the window around 10am, nice interior, so I decided to take one of the menu's offered on the outside of the entrance and come back the next night.  When the four of us walk into the restaurant we are greeted and handed clip boards with menu's clipped on and a pencil attached.  We are told that this is a 'build your own' concept and instructed to select our choices from each category.  You get to choose your burger type (beef, turkey, veggie and grilled chicken), cheese, toppings, sauce and bun.  By the time we had reviewed the menu and asked our server a couple of questions, some of which she did not have answers to, we were overwhelmed and not quite sure what combinations would work.  They do offer a selection of 'Signature' burgers and sandwiches for the indecisive.  So we filled out our menu forms and handed them to the server, letting her know we requested our sides (fries & onion strings) be served with our meals and not as starters as they are listed on the menu.  Our drink order came a few minutes after we handed our orders over and then about 5 minutes later our fries and onion strings arrived.  We told them that we asked for these to come with our meal.  They seemed kind of confused, apologized and took them back to the kitchen.  After about another 15, our meals arrived with our sides.  Everything looked great until we tried our sides.  They were barely warm.  They probably just gave us the same ones they mistakenly brought 15 min before.  We asked them to send out some new and they accommodated graciously.  All in all the food quality was good, but when the bill came after adding all of the sides and extra toppings, our burgers could have been steaks (almost).  We hope this place only improves with time.  We realize they have only been open two nights, so we are willing to certainly give it another try.  This neighborhood needs more quality food choices with consistence and good service.  We are hoping time will work in their favor.
1	We visited Indulge on their 3rd day open. They weren't overly busy but the kitchen was obviously backed up. We arrived at nearly 1pm and there was a lady at the counter complaining about waiting 45 minutes and not having received her meal. We decided to try it anyway. There was no hostess at the hostess stand (and no bar tender at the bar) so we proceeded to a counter that was stocked with clipboards containing menus. We stand at the counter, fill out the menus and after several minutes are finally told we could seat ourselves. After sitting down it's several more minutes before someone stops by to take our drink order. After waiting too long for the waitress to come back, we finally give up and take our orders directly to counter. At this point I start my stop watch. 25 minutes pass and our fries arrive; 10 minutes after that our burgers arrive. It was very interesting that we all received "mostly" what we ordered... of the 4 people at the table, everyone's burger was slightly wrong -- mismatched toppings and sauces. We now understood the motto on the back of the servers' shirts, "order what you want - eat what you get". While Indulge has a decent location, is nicely decorated, and provides an interesting menu concept they don't yet have their process working well. Unfortunately, even if the process was working well I think their menu is overpriced for what you get. $13.50 for a small Kobe burger with no sides is a bit steep for this type of restaurant. If they're still there in a couple months I may try again, but then again, maybe not.
5	Checked out this place last night after some afternoon wine at Centro Paninoteca across the street.  Met Lee the owner who owns two 5 and Diners in town.  Nice man.  We sat at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly.  The atmosphere was nice and had a great vibe and was pretty busy for a Tuesday night.  We made it in time for Happy Hour which is great deal.  $2 Bud light drafts and $3 premium drafts.  Ben had the Bud Light and I enjoyed the Belgium White.  Shock something it was called.  Appetizers are half off during happy hour.  I tried the Fried Dill Pickles for the first time in my life and I am a new fan.  Nice and tangy with a crunch.  I ordered the mini cheese burgers which I couldn't finish.  I ate through 2 and half.  I order the 1/2 fries and 1/2 crispy onion strings.  Very flavorful and house made.  Ben ordered the build your own burger which was very cool in the sense it reminded me of ordering at sushi bar.  Check off everything you like.  Nice concept.  Ben chose the Danish bleu cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and bacon.   You also choose your bun.  $8.50 plus .99 cents for the bacon.  Still a great deal for the Certified Angus Beef.  We stayed for a couple of hours and ended up bumping into friends and had more friends join us later.  Very convenient for us since we live at Shea/Tatum.  Must try!
3	In town for Thanksgiving, the family went here during its soft opening ... however, no one told the patrons it was a soft opening, so it just looked like a badly run place - from wrong orders, to a severely misspelled menu (I had fun going through it with copy-editing marks), to what seemed a lack of caring about the patrons with a blase attitude.As the other reviewer noted, everyone's order came out wrong. No side sauces with the burgers - I had to walk up to the kitchen to get the ketchup and mustard - and none of the burgers came out right. But, hey, at least we were able to get our order in, unlike the table next to us. I had to grab one of the three waitresses (seems some people called in sick) to get their order taken, and then it was all screwed up (burger done wrong, no sides, no condiments). When I grabbed the waitress again - to have her take care of our problems and the table next to ours, I told her that if it was a soft opening, apologize to the patrons and let them know you're working out the kinks.The burgers themselves were fine. Nothing great or over the top, but middle of the road. For the price, a little less than what it should be. All in all, though, I wonder if the numerous number of five-star reviews are real, or astroturfing. I have a feeling it's the latter.
2	Lunch at Indulge.A Kobe burger, french fries and onion strings. $19.70.Not worth it. My friends agreed. It is good, but I have had better. And for that much, it should be better. They do have a variety; veggie burgers, turkey burgers and Kobe beef, french fries, sweet potato fries, onion strings, deep fried dill pickles (dickles). You can also build your own burger and they have a full bar with beer on tap.The ambiance is decent, modern decor, and a friendly staff.The only thing that blew me away about Indulge was my bill.
3	Quick note, i have NOT been here yet, but picked up a menu when i was at Bevmo yesterday and was looking up info about it on Yelp to see if I really wanted to check it out. (The bride has been wanting to try some Kobe beef burgers for awhile, she loved the beef we had at Morimoto's and she is curious to try it in.. well every form imaginable now.. and they offer it)So this is NOT A REVIEW (hence my 3 star score to not mess up the actual score but yelp made me do it)It's pricey, but some reviews are mistaken, they may charge for everything ala carte, but mustard and ketchup are free and do not count.Just wanted to point that out because it seemed insane to me.
2	I do not understand why everyone and their mother is opening up trendy burger places.  Actually, I think I'm going to open one up on Scottsdale Road and Shea and charge about $15 for a dry and tasteless burger.  Oh wait, there already is a place there called Indulge Burger.  Anyway, here is my Indulge Burger experience:The place was pretty crowded on this Tuesday evening at about 6:30.  Upon seating they gave us a small plate of their garlic and parmesan chips, gratis.  The menu is strait forward and simple and I like that you can just check off what you want like when you order sushi.  There were plenty of options to choose from including different burger toppings and sauces which looked interesting.  Anyway, to start I split a ceasar salad.  It was almost big enough for 2 people, but the salad was not good and I probably shouldn't have ordered it.  Now onto the burger....  First off, I was going to indulge and splurge on a $14 Kobe burger, but I guess a lot of other suckers came in that day so they were out of it.  So, I decided on the regular beef instead.  I ordered the 2/3rd pound version ($10.75) with gyuere cheese (included), grilled onions (included), roasted green chili peppers (included), and sauteed mushrooms ($0.99).  I got this all on a bed of lettuce instead of a bun.  We also got one order of regular fries and one order of sweet potato fries to share.  The other 2 members of my party ordered similar burgers as well as a few different dipping sauces.I must admit that the burger looked very good when it came out.  However, when I actually tasted the thing and the toppings, it was a much different story.  The meat was dry and almost tasteless and the onions, chilies and mushrooms all tasted like they had just come out of a can.The sweet potato fries were ok, but the regular fries were excellent.  Also, most of the dipping sauces were tasty, but just don't belong on burgers and fries. The food arrived very slowly and drink refills took forever.  I don't really blame the waiter/waitress because the place was busy and they looked understaffed.  However, they were very friendly and helpful.It was about $50ish dollars for all 3 of us to eat and we all felt raped for spending so much on a few burgers.  With places like Delux out there I can see no reason to return to Indulge Burger.
3	"World's Best Burger?"Not so sure about that... but my first experience at Indulge was ok.I actually was supposed to meet a friend for dinner at Indulge but because of a long story involving her boyfriend's car being broken into and him having to file a police report from her apartment, I ended up calling in our order and taking it to her place 'to-go.'Our order was pretty simple.  My friend ordered the turkey burger without cheese, sour cream on the side.  I ordered a burger salad... 1/3 lb burger cooked medium, with jalapenos, tomatoes, sprouts, dill pickle chips, and sauteed mushrooms... with balsamic dressing on the side.  I also ordered a side of sweet potato chips... I love sweet potato everything!Well, I should've checked the order, because when I opened it up back at her place, I realized they did not include the sour cream or balsamic dressing... the pickle chips were actually pickle slices, and the sweet potato chips were actually sweet potato fries.  Just a bit off...Still edible and pretty tasty, but I hate when a simple order gets screwed up like that.  Anyways, I'm sure I'll give Indulge another shot sometime - probably better to dine in next time... that way, if they forget anything, you can flag down your server until they get it right.  It's a cute place - centrally located on the south west corner of Scottsdale and Shea.
4	I have been on a summer burger kick, and have sampled the down home stuff (Harvey's) to the upscale (25 degrees) in the past few weeks.  This last Saturday, my wife and I went to Indulge, and we were pleasantly surprised.  If I could give 4.5 stars, I would.  It is one of the better burgers in town (only Delux has a better burger to me).We sat down for an early dinner (it was 5 pm, which is why everyone else in the joint had blue hair).  We were promptly met by our server with some complimentary garlic and parmesan chips.  They were tasty, with some sharp parmesan flavor.  I could have had the chips (they are made in house) a little crispier, and the cheese a little more melted, but I won't complain as the price was right!We decided to split a half and half order of regular fries and onion strings.  The onion strings were pretty greasy, but they were really good.  A little less grease, and I would have said they were perfect.  The fries were fries...not to big or small.  Well salted, but nothing to give them that "wow" factor.  I asked for garlic aioli instead of ranch (what it normally comes with), and they had no problem accommodating me.  The aioli wasn't great, and was a bit watery, which was weird.  I expected a bit more mayonaisse-y flavor like the aioli's in Europe (or at least at 25 Degrees or Metro).Ordered a shake when I got there, then noticed a great happy hour menu, but it was too late....I just stuck with the shake but will be back for happy hour.  It was a pretty good shake, but for $5, they didn't give you the tin with it.  That might be a good thing, but I don't know if I will order it again.  Now on to the burgers.  My wife and I both got a 1/3 lb. burger medium rare.  Mine was topped with Gruyere, house sauce (think 1000 Island), baby greens, and tomatoes on a brioche bun.  My wife ordered hers with herbed goat cheese, baby greens, ketchup, tomatoes, and red onions.  Both of us raved about the flavor of the meat (very beefy) and the cheese.  The bun was very good as well, but we have had better.  For all of the food (and a coke), the total was $29 (before tip).  Not too bad, as the burgers and fries/rings were very filling.  Add the shake, and I was ready to burst.Overall, if you want a tasty burger in a decent atmosphere with a full bar, I would highly recommend this place.  They also have turkey, chicken, or veggie burgers.  You can get 1/3 lb. or 2/3 lb.  They pretty much have something for everyone.  Build your burger however you want it, and they can accommodate you.
3	With over "10,000 combinations", there is a burger here for everyone - that is the motto here.   Indulge isn't a boutique burger joint.  You can have a burger as simple as pickles tomatoes onions and ketchup, or you can venture into the unknown with brioche cranberry chutney gruyere and turkey.  It is build your own, or sample one of their signatures.I am a snacker, so I liked that the experience starts off with a sampling of their garlic parmesan chips. What would make these perfect would be a dusted Parmesan, or melted Parmesan with white truffle oil.  Currently, the way they are prepared and presented is a poor foreshadowing of what is to come.Build your own burger is great. It's like a sushi menu for burgers. On the menu, one marks their selections with penicl. Choices go from A-F. Chooose your protein, (salmon, Kobe, turkey, etc) cheese, (Danish bleu cheese, herb goat cheese spread, gruyere) bun, (brioche, English muffin, wheat) sauces, (apricot chipotle, aioli, cranberry chutney, Bangkok peanut sauce, cactus ranch, honey citrus pepper, and more) regular toppings, (baby greens, roasted chiles, boiled egg slices, pineapple, grilled onions) and indulge toppings (avocado, fried egg, chili con carne, honey cured bacon, and more).Kids have a four item menu that includes a peanut butter and jelly wrap.It is very important that I record the appetizer list here.  Essentially, it is what would otherwise come with a standard burger.  Happy hour patrons and ladies are lured by the 1/2 appetizers offerings here, but there is not variety.  There is starch, more starch, carbohydrates, beans and protein, or a small side salad.  *shakes head.*Appetizers:Sweet potato friesFried dill pickle chipsOnion strings and regular friesChiliSide saladI think vegetarians or "healthy" eaters will still find something for their palates here, such as the salad with Bleu cheese, strawberries, and walnuts.  There is also a grilled veggie pesto sandwhich on the menu, as well as the Veggie homemade burger. (fresh ingredients blended in special sauces including herbs, spices, beans, and rice)Sandwhiches:Blackened or grilled grouperFried bologna3 cheeseThere is a list of signature burgers, and I chose the first one on the list, the "Vesuvius volcanic," the specially cooked burger with molten cheese. It arrived perhaps 15 minutes later, a la carte.  FYI, none of the burgers or signature sandwhiches come with fries.  I like that those fries aren't there to distract me, it's why I never finish a burger in a restaurant.Hence, I was actually able to finish my volcanic burger.  The unique aspect of it is that molten American cheese is inside of the meat patty. You take that first bite intoo your burger, and the hot molten cheese comes bursting out. Downside is that this is the only kind of cheese that so lovingly melts inside the pattie. Not a fan of American cheese. It tastes like that plastic pseudo cheese made from oil and water - that you used to eat as a fun snack when you were a kid.  Well, it is no longer fun, and I think it somewhat spoils the taste of the burger.The Downside of burgers not coming with fries...you are still paying between 10-12 dollars for a burger, without the generous side of potatoes.Service was friendly and attentive, but slow like others have mentioned.  Places like this I recommend sitting at the bar.Overall, it is an A-OK.  The concept is great, the burger patties are very generous and well prepared.  I think the prices are higher than they need to be, and this place just doesn't set itself apart from other places of its kind.  Burger adventurers may enjoy this place more than myself, as there are some unique additions you can make to an otherwise standard burger.See quick tips for happy hours and ladie's night specials.
3	Definitely a tasty burger. Not amazing by any means, but it was enjoyable. They give you a pencil with the menu and you fill out what you want by penciling in little circles, I thought this was pretty neat. The burger was juicy and the bleu cheese had a good amount of flavor. I also liked the fries, I would absolutely go back for happy hour.
4	Chomp chomp. Crunch crunch?Why yes! That's LETTUCE you hear, I'm eating my burger on a salad!While others may choose to indulge at Indulge, I had the pleasure of having my 1/3 lb. medium cooked burger on a salad. So sue me if I didn't enjoy my burger and its tasty toppings (grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, feta cheese) on some carb-crazy bun. I say buns are WAY over...at least for this digestive system.Aaaaaaannnnnyhoo, I'm glad someone thought of this place--to give all customers the option of ordering burgers with pre-conceived toppings and sauces...or to let them build their own, just the way they like it! So we all built-a-burger: my grandma (whom we pried away from her kitchen) opted for gruyere and bacon with garlic aioli on a brioche bun; my boyfriend chose a simple cheddar, bacon, and ketchup combo; and I, the fearless-of-those-who-may-judge-one, went for the mean greens. The result? 3 well-satisfied customers who were happy to have control of their outcomes. Our waitress was lovely and attentive and helpful and patient. We all had plenty of questions and she painstakingly answered all of them, no matter how obvious. I'd say the only problem we had was the way our burgers were cooked--those who ordered medium and medium rares were well overcooked. Mister Grill Man, make sure you get it right! We like our burgers the way we like them--isn't that obvious by now?
5	This is an upscale burger joint. They start you out with some homemade kettle chips then you fill out the "build your own burger" checklist. Great location, great service, modern atmosphere, outstanding quality food, and really fair prices.*Happy hour looks to be a bargain too - I shall return...UPDATE - I have been back many many times now, and I love their weekend BREAKFAST! They have a Bloody Mary bar! You really need to try this!
5	Indulge is a great place that everyone must check out! Their build-your-own-burger concept is very cool. You get to choose from a turkey burger, veggie burger(yum!), Angus beef, chicken, or Kobe burger. Then you will be asked to work your way down the menu picking the type of bun you would like (I recommend the English Muffin!), type of cheese (lots to choose from - the blue cheese is great!), lots of choices of house special sauces you can get on the side and plenty of toppings (everything from tomatoes to pineapple, red onion, japs, avocado and egg). Their appetizers, which are half off for happy hour, are great too. I recommend the Fried Dill Pickle Chips. I believe they have started serving breakfast on the weekends now too. Haven't tried it yet, but for sure on my to do list for this weekend! I will update you next week. All in all, I would suggest you check them out. I have been there countless times and have become close with the staff and have met the own, whom is always around making sure everything is running great, several times. The staff is friendly and work hard. They have a few large TVs by the bar, my friends and I like to go there to catch the basketball and football games. Go check it out!
4	It's literally a race between how many gourmet pizza and hamburger places can set up shop in Phoenix.  At the rate at which high end burger joints proliferate I should be able to populate and manage my own NCAA 64 burger bracket by the end of the year.Based on a burger to burger comparison I would probably give a nod to other valley weights such as Delux, the Vig, or Joe's Farmhouse.  But there are a few things that Indulge does that are great and distinguish it from increasingly crowded pack.First, they give you plenty of options when constructing your burger.  Great idea and some real possibilities with combinations.  Second, the complimentary kettle chips are very well received and go a long way in building some dining goodwill.  Third, the Brioche bun is incredible.A good meal.  We look forward to applying the same "Indulge" concept to their breakfast menu on our next visit.
4	For those of you who don't follow me on Twitter (which will, in the not too distant future, probably be mandatory...we must all follow each other...the snake will eat its own tail:), I'm on a  nearly constant quest to find the best burgers!I wander far and wide (generally wider, as opposed to farther:)My search took me the exotic clime's of Near North Scottsdale at Shea Boulevard and Scottsdale Road.I guess, truth be told, it wasn't so much a search this time, as it was convenient to BevMo...The Beautiful Carin and I were restocking some of our bar...they don't sell Bunnahabhain and 21 year old Glenlivet at Costco:)And there it was, Indulge Burgers and More...beckoning through the exhaust haze in the parking lot.This seems to be the "and More" strip mall..."Beverages and More"..."Indulge Burgers and More"..."Pet Market and More"..."Chase Bank and More"...you get the idea:)My question (and I always have one:) is "more what"?My personal preference would be for "more cowbell"...how I miss Blue Oyster Cult! :-)We stashed our little liquid treasures in the trunk (taking extra care not to bruise the scotch:) and walked in.Indulge's strong suit is not atmosphere...it's a nice enough space, nicely decorated, clean and bright, but it's in that little strip mall at Shea and Scottsdale...not a great spot to sit out on the patio and watch the world go by, while you enjoy your burger.And you probably will enjoy your burger...Indulge has some pretty decent burgers:)They have a "set menu" as well as the oh so au courant "build your own burger" menu for your dining pleasure:)Our server was sweet as pie and took the time to explain what was included, what was optional (pretty much everything, as near as I could tell) and how the process works:)We decided to create our own burgers...Angus Beef for me and grilled chicken for Carin.You can add more toppings than a normal bun could possibly hold and make yourself one of those freakish Food Network "Worlds Best Burger" competition kind of things (you know what I mean...Frisbee size patty,  1/2 pound of bacon and gorgonzola, apricots, arugula, avocado, cactus, sprouts, peppers, carrots...well, the list goes on and on and on:)Another words, enough other crap to completely kill the taste of the burger, if that's your aim:)But why would you?These are pretty decent burgers all by themselves...1/3 or 2/3 lbs. of great angus beef (I was born and raised on a cattle ranch and we raised...that's right, black angus cattle...delicious black angus cattle...so I've always had a bias for angus beef:)Cheese, tomatoes, lettuce and pickles are all you really need, and they are fresh and included with your burger:)Add in fries and onion strings and I'm usually a pretty happy camper.Best burger or chicken sandwich in town?...Best Patio?...Best Ambience or Service?No, unfortunately...but better than most and probably deserving of the title "Best Upscale Burger Joint Next to Where I Buy my Booze"That's good enough to make me stop when I'm at the crossroads and restocking the bar:)
4	So I think, at this point, we are all familiar with the concept - build your own burger.  They give you a list and you check off the things you want, then the food magically appears.  Indulge is like the Scottsdale equivalent of CheeburgerCheeburger.  They have a few things working for them:1)You actually write down what you want.  Not only does it make it easier for you to keep track of how your burger is developing but it ensures that the trust fund baby pretending to be your waitress won't screw up your order.2)Higher quality ingredients.  While I'm pretty sure my black olives were from a can, the cheeses, meats, and other toppings seemed to be higher grade.3)they do breakfast.  While I didn't try this...it sounds awesome.  I gotta go back.I don't remember all of the weird things I did to my burger.  There was avocado, two kinds of dipping sauce, black olives, some sort of horseradish cheese (didn't know such a thing existed), and probably a few other things.  The burger was freakin huge (they could use a 1/4lb option) and it was so damn good.  If you're up here, stop by and try it.  Totally worth a visit if you're in the mood for a burger.  Just don't expect much else.
4	In case you didn't already know, I am a really picky eater so I am a really big fan of customization/build your own anything.  Indulge Burgers definitely fit that bill and made me one happy camper as I scarfed down my just for me burger.The place is situated in an average looking strip mall in Scottsdale but the inside is just luxe enough to remind you where you are, but laid back enough to let you be yourself.  They had an arrow on the wall pointing to the bathrooms that simply said, "2P."  There are no fancy scmancy giant menus to clutter your table, simply a paper printout with little bubbles that you can fill in a la standardized testing bubble sheets.  Fun.There is a ton of stuff to choose from, but this is what I got: 1/3 lb burger with olives, carrots, bacon, cheddar, and ranch on a wheat bun.  It was delicious.  Never had carrots on your burger?  You should try it.  I also tried the bistro dipping sauce, whatever that is, but found it to be a bit too spicy for my taste.  The burger was delicious, but too big for me to even come close to finishing.  They should consider a 1/4 pound option for the weenies like me.  I also really liked that they served me kettle chips covered in cheese before my meal.  Salty and cheese?  Yeah, that will make me happy.This is definitely a great addition to Scottsdale where I can find refuge whenever I get lost in the sea of plastic.
4	Great burgers and menu offerings.  You would expect to get a good burger with a name like that and you do.  The sweet potato fries, Frenched fried onions, and Salmon Salad are very good too.  The decor, location, and menu are restaurant alternative for the area.  The menu was a little confusing and little pricey yet the quality of the food is there and considering the location of the restaurant pricing isn't an issue.  I do recommend to restaurant to others.
5	We tried this place for the first time last night. I have to say this place is quite impressive. After being ruined by "Chili's" or "Applebees" burgers I have lost faith in the valley's mainstream burger providers. This place was very different. To start out they bring you a starter plate of "home"made chips. Very nice touch. Not the same old gimmick. The first thing you'll notice is the sushi bar style menu. Pick what you want and fill in the bubble. Very interesting concept. My wife, the ever simple eater ordered the grilled cheese sandwich and fries. This is the first ever grilled cheese sandwich I have seen that actually had flavor and wasn't soaked in grease. The fries were crispy and done right. Not limp, actually cooked through, and crispy. Almost like they were fried twice (like fries are supposed to be). I ordered the fried dill pickle chips. While they weren't earth shattering, they were good. Served with the standard ranch dressing. For my meal, I went all the way and ordered the "Vesuvius". It is a burger with cheese in the middle. It had a little warning next to it. Heed the warning. My first bite into the sandwich was absolutely painful. Molten cheese came shooting out, and I felt like an idiot. After giving it a little cooling time, the burger was easily the best burger I have had in a long time. Overall this is a good place to eat. I was very impressed. I will have to go back and try the other options on their menu.... Like the Kobe burger....
2	Control freaks seeking relief from the sweltering heat in pursuit of some good grub.That epithet pretty much described my party of four on a blistering, 112-degree day last summer, after a wearying tour on foot of nearby Taliesin West. Frank Lloyd Wright's Scottsdale digs were supremely envisioned and constructed, a conscious antidote to mediocrity and thoughtless development. It was with a heightened sense of the possible that the four of us descended on Indulge -- outfitted as a trendy, suburban roadhouse, though it anchors, along with a bank and a BevMo, one of Scottsdale's ubiquitous soulless shopping centers -- that sweltering afternoon to build our own thoughtful tributes to the master architect: juicy, individualized, belly-busting burgers, washed down with tall, cold libations.The drinks didn't disapoint: a strong margarita, a shimmering pint of Shock Top hefeweizen, and two big glasses of lemonade were quickly dispatched to our table, and they saved us from certain dehydration. From there, things went nowhere special.We ordered four burgers, each differently cloaked. The burger-topping checklist promised so much, yet delivered so little. Juilenned carrot strips were dry and lifeless. The ginger-tinged peanut sauce served on the side was a gloopy mess. Pineapple rings were canned and bland. The bottom of my toasted wheat bun was soggy, probably the result of toasting it too soon, while the top was untoasted. The one burger served on a salad was a letdown. Big thick wheels of underripe beefsteak tomatoes and watery iceberg lettuce undergirded the well-cooked medium-rare burger, providing a solid architectural foundation, but at the expense of any discernable taste. The lone bright spot was the fries: crisp, piping hot, perfectly salted, and served in a trendy conical basket with a big messy plop of tasty ketchup -- now THAT's what I'm talking about! Greasy heaven, courtesy of a few humble potatoes and some hot oil. The meat is decent, and the fries are a revelation, but the decidedly mediocre ingredients in the sides and sauces and salads were a profound disappointment.Amping up the mediocrity was the abominable pop music pervading the joint. I must be deeply indebted to the karma creditors. Otherwise, why would I have to suffer yet another meal in the company of Phil Collins and Lionel Richie?For anyone fortunate enough to find themselves in LA or on the south side of Denver, get to the Counter, where you can build your own burger with great ingredients and music that elevates, not imprisons, your spirit.
4	My husband and I love this place. It is great for people who want there food the way they want it! You customize your burger or salad from a check-sheet. We do low-carb so we have out burger or chicken put on a salad. It is PERFECT and yummy.They bring a plate of fresh chips to you table while you wait. They are covered with Parmesan cheese. On the days we are carbin' it, we love them. The service is great. We get the same server whenever she is there. I will have to get her name because she is fabulous.They do have a happy hour on drinks and appetizers too.
4	(EDITING my previous POST!)Don't go to Indulge Burger without customizing the BEJEEZUS out of your burger!!  That's the whole point, and if you take advantage of their broad selection of toppings, you can really go crazy and make a really good burger.  My first visit was less than impressive because I ordered one of their pre-packaged, standardized burgers from the front side of the menu.  This was a mistake.  If you're going that direction then you're not taking advantage of what this place is about.  If you want your burger to dazzle you better make it that way.I was encouraged to visit Indulge Burger again and give it a second shot and I'm glad I did;  I just didn't know how to eat there the first time.  PS -  I'm also glad the manager/owner cared enough to read my review and entice me to come back in and try again.  That's great customer service, and shows that what we do here on Yelp is really making a difference in local business.===As far as gourmet hamburger joints go, you can do better than this here shop.I wasn't dissatisfied by my volcanic burger (with molten American Cheese in the middle), but didn't find it anything to rave about either.  If you're going in search or the best burger in town, look elsewhere.  You're going to come out of Indulge Burger with something that satisfies but doesn't dazzle.  And chances are, you're coming here because you're in the mood for a mouth-wateringly yummy burger (doesn't the name suggest you should?).Customization is their biggest selling point (you can choose all your own toppings with a very useful menu).  I was a fan of the Sweet Potato fries (and the Cookie Dough dessert!), but otherwise, I'd almost rather fire up the grill at home and build my own burger there instead.
4	So, I am a secret (or not so secret) fan of Fuddrucker's - and rarely find a burger that compares. Indulge comes very close and it has a great atmosphere. I love the burgers (natural beef), buns, fries and chocolate shake. This is a fun place to come. Also, since I am so picky, I love that you build your own burger and meal. The only negative thing I have to say is that the restaurant, although cute and trendy, is sometimes dirty. We've been sat by the bathroom, which smelled, and other times there has been a lot of mess on the floor.Update - I have since heard that Indulge is one of the only restaurants in Scottsdale with 100% health dept rating. So - it is clean! Just went back and had a delicious burger.
3	Behind a parkinglot full of BMW's and next to two of my favorite stores ( bevmo and fresh and easy - in no particular order Haha) is a small "gourmet" burgershop, indulge burgers and more.  First off the more isn't much than a chicken, fish and bologna sandwich option, yes bologna.  Now in life knowing a "gourmet" anyshop serving bologna would keep me away but had a coupon so oh well let's try it!  The burger I had was great,juicy and full of toppings you can fully customize on a sushi like ordering sheet, pencil and all.  My only complaint was how soggy the fries were and how some of The side sauces had metallic after tastes.  Also service was less than stellar and even though it felt kinda fancy certain things were off please see the pic I attached, I don't get it if someone does please fill me in!  Overall though it was ok if you live nearby its worth a shot if u want to drive for a good burger though go to deluxe which is amazing!
2	Burger - ordered the Kobe.  Looked and tasted the same as the regular burger. hmmmm.  Don' t spend the extra $3.50.Toppings - good.  If it wasn't for the mustard there would have been no taste.  Don't they know how to season in this town?Fries - typical cardboard, preprocessed, chemically altered, shitsticks from a bag.  If they ain't hand cut and fresh - don't bother.Milkshake - good and thick but made with less expensive ice cream.Service - juvenile; no silverware until after the food showed.Overall - don't waste the calories here.
4	I was skeptical but the reviews were strong and the Groupon was good so what the heck.  It just seemed like an overly simple concept for a pricey cheeseburger.  I think I was expecting a burger somewhere between a Friday's burger and a Burger King burger.What I got was an awesome burger.  Tender, juicy, quality beef.  I ordered the do it yourself 1/3 pound burger with blue cheese, grilled peppers, grilled onions, grilled pineapple and an apricot chipoltle sauce.  I was hungry and I have to say that I tore up that sumbitch in no time flat.They brought out some freshly made potato chips while we waited.  It did seem like the burger took awhile.  Did I mention it was really good?  The fries are pretty average.  I preferred the onion thins.  Yummy.Service was great and our server somehow started telling us about her recent dinner at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse.  I think the point of the story was that the onion thins were better at Indulge than the onion rings at Ruth's Chris.
4	As close to 5 stars that u can get to a burger.  I had a 2/3 pounder.  It was probably the best meat I've had put in a burger.  The sweet potato fries and onion strings definitely were worth.I went because of a groupon, and I will definitely go again.
2	I really wanted to enjoy my experience at Indulge, but didn't. From the website, local magazine reviews, and driving by, I expected it to be a slightly upscale neighborhood joint, but it really is no different than a Fuddruckers.We were underwhelmed by the food and hated the environment. Two of us built our own burgers, and one ordered a pre-made pick off the menu. We had the dill chips (fried pickles) as an appetizer. I can't say that any of us loved our meal, and as soon as we walked out we all agreed we weren't interested in going back. It was just no better than you could make at home (and I burn soup).  The tables were crowded, too close together, and the place was uncomfortably noisy. Our servers were trying to clear plates as soon as one of us set down a fork (no one was waiting for our table), and asked for our dessert orders while we were still eating. The whole experience was rushed, loud, uncomfortable, and not "indulging" in any way. I'm so disappointed.
4	We were in Scottsdale for a long weekend found this place via Yelp.  Indulge had good ratings and lived up to them.  Cool menu concept let's you fill out your own order from a menu they provide.  Top quality beef and ingredients are put together well. Food is very good.  Service was better, we were greeted immediately and the staff was all very attentive. The owner, Len, a former Chicagoan himself was there and very friendly. The prices were great.  We really liked Indulge and recommend it.
3	My husband and I went here once and loved it. He had a burger (I can't remember what kind) and loved it while I had the grilled cheese and found it incredibly gooey and delicious. We also had the parmesan garlic chips and fries and those were great too. I did find the prices a bit steep since you have to pay for each ingredient of your burger as well as the fries but over all it was delish.
4	A Groupon led us to try this place and it was pleasing.  I'm always on the hunt for a good veggie burger and since they had the veg.  option, I wanted to give it a try.  With lots of different toppings and sauces, you can pretty much fix it up however you  want and get something you enjoy.  I was also happily surprised by the fries with chilli (we got the vegetarian chilli) and cheese - it was happy hour so appetizers were a super  deal and this was yummy.I  would imagine that it would be a great place for meat eaters - but I have to say it was pleasing for me as a vegetarian too.  I'm glad I got the Groupon and gave it a try!
4	Really enjoyed the self-design-burger menu. It's a little over-whelming the first go, but I tend to be one of those When-Harry-Met-Sally gals when it comes to my food. So this was perfect!Only reason I'm giving it 4 and not 5 stars is that when I order a medium RARE burger, I want a juicy red-center. It ended up being more Med - Med-well. It was tasty, so I'll try again.The service was excellent! A real team atmosphere. KUDOs Indulge!
2	Started out well, parmasean potato chips were yummy. The it went down hill fast. Fries and onion straws were luke warm and laden with grease. Burgers are definitely frozen and not fresh. Concept is cute but quality is poor. Save your money.
3	We enjoyed lunch here last weekend. I liked the complimentary Parmesan potato chips and thought the Indulge cheeseburger I had was good. I would go back to try some other menu items. I thought service was good and liked the decor. If you are in the neighborhood it is worth a try to see how it measures up to your tastes...indulge yourself.
5	Us gals from Campus Flowers went for lunch today and had one of the best Kobe burgers we've had in a while.  They give you your own little worksheet to check off exactly what you want on your burger to make it easy for everyone!  The onion strings were awesome too!
3	The burgers are an overpriced average and certainly not better than a  $6.00 burger from Carl JRs.  I sat at the bar and felt like i was  in a typical Scottsdale bar restaurant where you have to work to get service. I was disappointed but kept hearing good reviews so i tried them again.Not only was the food average i had to endure two waitresses going back and forth about who would be waiting on us.This is very close to where i live but i will not be going back.
3	Well, it was just OK. Large portion? Yes. Friendly service? Yes. Indulgent satisfaction? No. I recently met a friend at Indulge for lunch - armed with a groupon that was burning a hole in my pocket!  While we agreed the restaurant concept was good and the service was friendly and attentive, neither of us was overly impressed with the food.  And food is really what we go to restaurants for, isn't it? Armed with our build-your-own-burger menus and little miniature golf pencils, we filled in bubbles (SAT flashback anyone?) and selected 2/3 lb beef burgers with all of the basic things (cheese, lettuce, tomato, etc.) as well as grilled onions. We also opted for a side of sweet potato fries (the & More part of our meal!). The burgers were impressively large, but unfortunately soggy. The beef was not tantalizing juicy, but greasy. Also, the grilled onions had been placed directly on the bottom bun, so it was wet and mushy making the burger difficult to hold. The fries, served with a side of ranch dressing, were average. In my world, a burger should be constructed a certain way, from bottom to top, so it does not end up squishy and messy (is my Type A showing? Yep!): - bottom bun - meat - cheese - extra items (i.e. grilled onions, mushrooms, bacon, etc.) - lettuce - top bun I am somewhat biased, as I grew up with a father who loved to grill and could make beautiful, beautiful burgers. Indulge, while not bad, was not what I was looking for. So, my quest for that juicy (and structurally sound) burger of my dreams continues.
5	As most men out there... bbqing a good hamburger is my ultimate task, and therefore I rarely find a burger that comes close to what I make at home! But here you go!! This place is awesome...!!I had the Kobe burger, that I got to customize myself! What could be better other than putting fresh toppings of my choices on my perfect burger! Just down right awesome. Definitely will be going here again... next time im in Scottsdale that is!
4	I decided to try this place due to Yelp reviews and obtaining a restaurant.com certificate.  I read the reviews of others before I ordered my food so I could ensure I got only the best.- The Fried Pickles are absolutely fanFRICKENtastic.- Sweet Potatoe fries were a little on the over cooked side.- Wife ordered a mushroom/swiss burger which was fairly simply and she said it was decent.- I made my own with Spicy BBQ sauce, pineapple, bacon, lettuce, and all kinds of other sloppiness.  I went through a lot of napkins to eat this burger which made me very pleased.I don't know if I'd pop in there on my own if I were in the area considering I like several other burgers served in the area much better, but it surely did not disappoint.
5	LOVED this place... Like the sushi type menus - which allow each person to customize their own burger to their liking. LOVED the Parmesan fries and the sweet potato fries... LOVED how the owner Lee liked my kids and welcomed them to his restaurant... Loved how they catered to all 9 of us (with 4 kids) without any hesitation. Will definitely be back.
4	Great burgers, decent service. Make sure to call ahead to see what the wait time is...
5	I had a lunch meeting at Indulge, and the Turkey Burger was fantastic.  Great service at the bar.  A great place to grab lunch.  Cool and comfortable inside.  Nothing more you can ask for.
4	The Fried Pickles and Chili Cheese Fries were amazing and my burger was great.  I would totally recommend this place to a friend.
4	Love this place.  We have a lunch group that goes there every other week and I never get tired of this restaurant.  Everything is good.  The burgers are juicy.  The sweet potato fries are really good.   The starter chips are really good.  For a great change of pace try the salmon salad or vegie burger.  You can tell that the vegie burger is made there and not a frozen patty (mine fell apart and needed a knife and fork).  Highly recommend this restaurant.P.S. Ask for our favorite server Ashley
2	I hate to give a place that offers homemade veggie burgers two stars, but that's all I could muster. The service was very friendly, and the complimentary homemade potato chips were good. The onion rings were sliced a little thinly, which made them limp and not quite qualified as finger food. The black bean burgers really didn't hold together well at all. They really would have been better off wrapping them in a tortilla and calling them burritos. And over $31 for two burgers, a shared side, and two iced teas is pretty steep. You can eat the same quality and quantity of food, with much less fat, at Chipotle for half the price.
3	Within a week of posting a negative, the owner/manager of Indulge Burgers contacted me and let me know that my review is not how they do business and invited me back - he would pay for my meal.I have not gone back and I won't make him pay but I will go give them another try. If for not other reason than the business actually cares aboutmaking things right.
4	Craving burgers last night, my boyfriend and I decided to eat at Indulge.  Upon entering the building, I liked the laid back atmosphere and the bar in the middle of the room.I ordered the ruby red margarita and a veggie burger on brioche.  Some restaurants throw a veggie burger on the menu as an afterthought, and you can taste it.  Indulge is not one of those places - the burger was handmade and moist.  Also, the pickles they put on the burger are awesome - instead of chips, they use the sandwich stackers, which ensure that you get a bit of pickle in every bite :)Overall, we enjoyed the food and atmosphere for a later-night, laid back dinner and would return - 4 stars!
5	I finally got to try out Indulge.  The decor is mid-noughty's Scottsdale decor - modern Southwest theme.  Nice.  When we first arrived they provided us with potato chips with cheese.  My son was in heaven, he is four.I order a Kobe beef hamburger which was simply amazing.  They provide a pencil and the customer selects how it is cooked and the topping, type of bun, type of cheese, etc.  The toppings are straight forward as well as a little exotic - I had dried cranberries as an option.It was interesting to note the amount of food that came with the kid's meal; two cheeseburgers and fries.  Today was the only time my son sat down and ate a complete hamburger!  That is a statement in itself.The Kobe beef flavorful and buttery soft.  The hamburger was cooked to perfection.The service was great.  I have a habit of putting down five or so ice tea's at a sitting.  The glass was always partially filled.Lastly, we selected carrot cake as a desert - first rate!  To die for..........I highly recommend Indulge - it is a real treat!
4	Went there on a Sunday and found a list of somewhat expensive burgers.  I say somewhat expensive because for that price I rather have Delux.  So there I am with a wildly mediocre burger only to find the place COMPLETELY redeem itself and serve up a $5 pitcher of Kiltlifter.  Seriously, where can you find a pitcher of Kiltlifter for only $5.  I'll come back and this time drink the pitcher before eating and then all will be good.
3	Well right when we got here, we were treated to a line that was four couples deep, room enough for three.  I figured I'd spend a little time answering email, but their WiFi was locked down.  The hostess asked manager "Lee" for the code, but he wouldn't cooperate.  We sat down and were given very aromatic and tasty Parmesan garlic chips and a very confusing menu.  Our waitress was very sweet and attentive, all throughout our meal.*Edit: I am changing the review after an email exchange with the owner, noting that it should be about the food and nothing else; true.
3	When it comes to a gourmet hamburger joint, I have a simple yardstick...if you have the word "burger" in the name of your business, and you charge a premium price (in this case a cheeseburger with bacon was $13.50, no fries), I should be able to expect a burger cooked to temperature.  Everytime.You may argue that one man's medium is another's well-done, so I always ask for their definition.  In this case, I went with the waiter's recommendation to go med-rare, which should have been pink throughout and slightly warm in the middle, "because they keep cooking even after they're taken off the grill."  He added that we "can always cook it longer."  Great plan...poorly executed.  Burger came out medium well, not even pink in parts (cooked unevenly too).  When I showed the waiter, he said, "yeah, that looks over cooked," and poured some water.For me, the review ends here.  Will I try it again?  Maybe, but with lower expectations.Other observations, in order of notice:They DO NOT WANT YOU TO BRING IN A FIREARM.  Seriously, three of those crazy signs (the hand cannon with a slash through it) posted in a small restaurant...we get it, you don't like the 2nd amendment.Parmesean chips while waiting were a nice touch.  Bring some more out if you see that my two young kids have devoured them, as if not having a meal in three days.Despite the above, the burger was very good.  You can tell they use quality beef and fresh vegetables too.The fries, while a la carte, were good as well...nice and crisp.Kids meal was FANTASTIC!  Chicken strips were good size, and fruit on the side was fresh!  Great value!Service was decent...kept drinks filled, pleasant enough, would have liked to have been asked if I wanted my burger re-done.
4	Very good upscale burger.  Bun holds up well.  Highly recommend for this category.  Kobe burger was very good.  Decor quite plain.
5	My first visit to Indulge left me less than a raving fan, and I tried to capture the reasons in my previous review.  To my amazement, I received an email in response from the owner of Indulge, within 24 hours, addressing concerns.  In a day and age where many dismiss complaints with the idea that there are plenty of customers out there, this type of ownership goes a long way with me...so we returned for another try.  It was nothing short of great!Was there a wait when we got there at 6pm on a Saturday?  Thankfully, yes!  I'd be concerned if there wasn't at this time on a weekend.  15 minutes, tops.  There was also a very pleasant hostess, doing whatever she could to make the wait less painful, including getting my two children a glass of water to satisfy them, and menus to occupy them.We ordered almost exactly as the last visit, my wife and I angus burgers, and the kids got chicken fingers (next time we're trying the mac 'n cheese, Lee).  Again a HUGE kids portion, and they even split it for us onto two plates!  No extra plate charge, no sighs, just good service.  This time, the burgers were cooked to order, medium and medium well throughout!  Same as last time, all of the food was fresh and delicious...great meat!A quick comment about the atmosphere, which was very lively.  Good balance of dining room to bar area, great DirecTV service for games playing, and loved that the owner makes the rounds throughout the place to check on everything...he even had my shy two year old warming up to him, he came by so often, and was so friendly.  The staff is a young group, and provided great service.  Having worked in retail for 15 years, I know this is no small feat to accomplish, again a testament to the owner's involvement.
4	Yummy, this place is great. Good burgers and you get to choose everything yourself the meat the cheese what type of sauce or veggies you want. Your not tied to a box at this place and it shows the meats are all fresh and the cheese and veggies are all top quality. I recently ate here with my family and at first thought it was a little expensive about 11.00 a burger after cheese and stuff. My personal burger was like $15.00 after I got kobe beef and horseradish cheese but the burger was very good. After thinking about it for a while it dawned on me that a Whopper is like 6 dollars and this was easily 3 to 4 times better then a Whopper. I recommend it if your looking for a good burger all natural no hormones and an entire gluten free menu.
5	I can't say enough great things about this place. First of all they had me at FRIED PICKLES! I mean c'mon, they nailed it! The burgers are made just the way YOU want it, with toppings, and sauces galore to choose from. Plain and simple, one of the best burger spots in Scottsdale, and I have absolutely nothing but great things to say about it. A MUST TRY, if you're in the neighborhood!
4	Possibly the best burgers in town
3	I am a whore for great burgers, but it is hard to impress me. Indulge flirts with this, but I can never get my burger cooked to the temperature I ask for. I hate that! Take the Outback strategy and undercook everything, I don't care. Oh, and buy some salt for the beef.Good deals, real good drink deals, for happy hour!
4	Very impressive burger. Cooked to perfection and served with all the right fixings.  Rates right up there with houston and white chocolate grill.
4	Would not have heard about this place if it wasn't for Groupon. We live in Central Phx so making the drive on a Friday night - hungry no less - we had high hopes. I liked the casual atmosphere and the energy was good. It appears there may be a patio soon which will be fantastic. I loved the build-your-own burger option (especially as a non-beef eater). There were so many options it was actually hard to choose for toppings, sides, etc. We also ordered the fried pickles after trying them while waiting - awesome!  The sweet-potato fries were excellent - although the sweet dipping sauce that accompanied was a bit of a surprise, but good (coming from a fan of all things mustard). Judging by the lack of food left on the plates in front of my dear husband and my sister, I'd say the beef burgers must have been pretty darn good too.I agree with star p...a must try if you're in the neighborhood. (I know we'll be back!)
2	I first went to Indulge because it was near my apartment.  My friend and I went during happy hour and it was very slow so we got great service from the bartender.  He explained the menu and made suggestions.  I was teetering on the decision of a regular burger or a veggie burger, and he convinced me to try the veggie.  WORST DECISION EVER!  This is not a veggie burger!  It is SLOP!  It was a pile of mashed beans on a bun.  No texture, not taste (except for bean), and definitely not satisfied.  I do have to give them credit for the fried pickles and french fries, YUM YUM!  The potato chips that were given as a snack tasted a bit burnt and unappetizing after trying a couple.After this horrible veggie burger experience, we decided to go back to after purchasing the groupon.  I wish I had saved it for a later date because the service may have been the worst (or very close to it) I've ever had.  As a server myself, I'm more lenient on other servers in the weeds.  But this guy was not hustling at all.  It bothers me when there doesn't seem to be anyone concerned with customer service.  The vesuvius juicy lucy was lacking, but everything else tasted good.  Consequently, I doubt we'd be returning ever again.  Sorry Indulge.  I hate to see locally owned places go down in flames.
5	LOVE this restaurant.  We go practically every Saturday and my biggest problem is trying to decide what to have.  We have never had a bad meal.  I am not a fan of veggie burgers and even that was really good.  The new Mac and Cheese is fab.  I had it with mushrooms and bacon.  Terrific atmosphere and all the wait staff is so friendly.  We recommend it to everyone and have taken many people there with us.  Can't say enough about this restaurant.
4	Fried pickles and marshmellow, brown sugar dipping sauce - enough said!The fried pickles are amazing - I figured it would be the usual jarred pickle dipped in some fry batter, but these were thick cut, crunchy pickles fried in a panko batter - so delish!Three of us went to dinner on Friday night - we got there early and were seated immediately.   Love the fill in the bubble menu - makes it super easy to get the ordering done.   We all ordered custom burgers (why wouldn't you?)   I had the veggie burger which was so amazingly tasty and filling that even meat eaters would love it.    The boys had all sorts of extra's on their burgers and enjoyed every bite!Of course we ordered fries - half regular which were crispy and just greasy enough to be perfect!   the other half - sweet potato fries - i am a real snob when it comes to sweet potato fries - I won't eat them if they aren't perfect and these were perfect!   it didn't hurt that they came with this amazing gooey sauce that after tasting over and over we decided was marshmellow and brown sugar - upon asking the waiter we were told we were correct.The service was good - you could see the owner walking around talking to staff - a bit curious why he didn't make table rounds - he was there after all - a quick hello...how are things...would have been nice.we were way too full to attempt any dessert, but honestly they had pieces of dessert at the front hostess stand under a plastic container - they looked like they had been sitting there forever.stick with the burgers, the fries, and yes get the fried pickles!
4	Had the Kobe burger and sweet potato fries.  The food was delicious. Everything you order is served on the side.  This is great because 2 people can order different things and then share.  The portions are big so we ended up boxing a complete burger to take home (1/2 each).  The sweet potatoes were served with a sweet caramel-marshmallow sauce that we also took home and later ate on a vanilla sponge cake...it was yummy!
5	I can indulge on these burgers any day. And the best part about it is that I don't have to feel guilty about it! They have tons of healthy options such as turkey and veggie burgers on a whole wheat bun. I would recommend to build your own burger. The options are endless! I really like the ordering system they use here. You will get a check sheet to fill out your order and mark what you want on your burger. This makes it easy to decide what you want and I'm sure easier on the servers and cooks! Reading other reviews I noticed that I missed out on the fried pickles. I will be trying those the next time I visit here for sure!
4	I've been here a handful of times and each time I try something new. They have a great twist on all the basics like sweet potato fries, burgers, and even breakfast foods! I like coming here for their happy hour! Good selection of drinks and food. I like that its modern but still comfortable environment. I also love that you can customize almost anything you order using their check sheet order form. We came here for breakfast and tried the omelette and pancakes. We checked all the different toppings we wanted on our omelettes. The waiters are good about giving you ideas and advice on what to put on. Their burgers are top notch with organic/farm raised chicken/ kobe beef. Prices are fair for the quality and amount of food you get.
2	Overpriced food and not even made very well.  Burger was overcooked, shake was devoid of ice cream, just meh.  However, I can say I received superb service from a server named Joe who was friendly and most helpful.  Unfortunately, other than sitting outside which I loved, everything else was just meh.
5	The hamburgers there are fantastic!  Probably one of the best hamburgers I have ever had.  The toppings are delicious, and the service is great.  Love this place!
5	Found Indulge on a whim, based on their huge "Gluten-Free Menu" outside - I was not disappointed when we decided to try it!Indulge has a separate gluten-free menu and the server was very knowledgable walking me through their kitchen processes to reassure me.  I ordered my burger on a gluten-free bun (!!!) the first time I was ever able to do this in a restaurant.  That was EXCITING!I think Indulge is as good as you make it - you are given a menu to check off ingredients for your burger.  They have SOOO many choices, that it's likely that if you don't like your burger, YOU made the wrong choice. I had no such problem - I loved my custom burger!  It was cooked to the correct temperature, was delicious & best of all, was delivered on a tasty gluten-free bun. PLUS, though I was full (it was a LOT of food!) I was able to take a gluten-free cupcake to go - wow, was that ever heaven later!  Thanks Indulge!
5	Who would have thought that peanut butter on a burger would be good, but this restaurant nailed it again. We have never had a bad meal. When our children came to visit, 11 month old Lilly tasted her first burger and loved it.
5	You may think you know burgers, but you don't; not until you've experience indulge burger. First, They use all organic beefy goodness and don't skimp when it comes to portions. Each time I go I tell myself I'm not going to eat the whole thing and then end up enhaling 1/2 lb of burger numiness, lol. Second, somehow they come up with the craziest burger creations that you may think sound weird, but in actuality are delish (Yeah, I'm talking to you peanut butter burger). Pickled potato chips, sweet potato fries, mac n cheese, chili, and the gust busting chocolate chip souffle are my other standby goodies, but it's really all about the burger. You want it cooked rare, it's ACTUALLY  rare, not that make believe rare that's actually medium at other burger joints. You want it so well done it's charred, they'll do that too ;-) And, on top of it all, they have a full bar, woohoo!
5	I came, I saw, and boy did I Indulge! I'm thrilled to finally find an upscale burger joint in the Valley that has such a great selection of gluten free options that won't break the bank. Most of my burger experiences have been disappointing at best since the bun was removed from my diet nearly 10 years ago when I found out I had Celiac. I consider myself lucky if I can find a restaurant that will do a lettuce wrap for me, but no more sad "protein style" burgers for me thanks to Indulge Burger! They offer a perfectly toasted gluten free burger courtesy of Gluten Free Creations Bakery and some delectable desserts to boot. But they don't stop at just burgers; their menu has a great variety of gluten free items depending on your mood. I loved the three cheese grilled cheese sandwich, french fries, and cheese burger that I shared with friends, but next time I'm going to try the chicken sandwich with the goat cheese spread on top. I can't wait to bring my daughter here for the hot dog on a bun - she's gluten free too and I don't think she's ever had the pleasure of eating one on a bun in her entire life (all 3 years of it). The atmosphere during happy hour was very relaxed with great music playing in the background. The entire staff so was so friendly and most  importantly, very knowledgable about the gluten free menu. I had the chance to meet the owner, Lee, and he really makes every customer feel right at home. He himself is not Celiac, but you can tell that he is very proud about his gluten free menu and the variety he is able to offer to his customers.The icing on the cake was the dessert menu though. They had several kinds of gluten free cupcakes to choose from plus an AMAZING cinnamon roll that had a perfectly ooey-gooey center. If you are on a gluten free diet then Indulge Burger needs to be added to your list of places to try.
4	Really good black bean veggie burger, full bar and HD tv's.  Decent beer, although we sat down and they were advertising Anchor Steam Porter for $4!  I was the happiest person ever.  Alas, they were out.  Why are they out?  There's a BevMo about 20 feet away.  Go buy a case!  Even if they pay full retail they are still getting a huge markup at $4/bottle!  I really have no idea why places don't offer better beer selections.  They give you a checklist and let you design your own burger so I really enjoy that.  Seeing all the options gives me new ideas of things to try.Anyways, we've been here several times and really enjoy the food.  Service usually sucks - even though we almost always sit at the bar, but this time was actually pretty good.  So hopefully they've had other complaints about it and now it's back on track.  The onion ring/sweet potato fries are really good too.
2	I have been twice - the second time I was giving them another change with a Groupon, but both times I have come away disappointed.  I like being able to chose exactly what to have on my burger, so I like the concept of Indulge.  I also love Kobe burgers, which you do not get everywhere - however, this kobe burger did not taste any different from a regular burger may have been better.  Also, the burger was not cooked enough.  The fries that come with the kobe burger are nothing special for an upscale burger joint.  I do like the chips you get when you first sit down - they are addictive, but twice now we have been disappointed with the quality, so we will not be back - even with a Groupon,
4	Way cool concept!  I love the build your own burger and they have the BEST turkey burger I've ever had.  Took my parents there for brunch a couple weeks ago.  Didn't realize they had brunch even!  My mom really enjoyed making her own omlette.  I stuck with the turkey burger.  ;-)  We tried the fried pickles and they were good, but I prefer the jalapeno pickle spears rather than the dill.  I love how they bring out the home-made fries with the parmesan cheez on top in the beginning!  We were fortunate enough this time to not have a wait.  I would recommend calling ahead to see how backed up they are - the new outdoor seating area should help with this too.  Sometimes, it's worth the wait!
5	I scan through reviews on Yelp for various restaurants and just read a review of Indulge that is so blatantly wrong I had to comment. To say that Indulge is not kid friendly is so far removed from what I have seen at this restaurant.  They always seem to fawn over children and take special care with their food. We take our grandchildren whenever they come to Scottsdale and we will continue to do so. They even have Indulge tee shirts that they wear in New York.
3	with as many times as i've been to Indulge, one would think i'd give it more than 3 stars. however, i mainly go because it isn't terrible and there's a huge convenience factor - i can put food in my belly, buy cat food (Choice Pet Market) and stop at the liquor store (BevMo) all in one shot.the service is good, the build-your-own burger concept is nice, the restaurant, though small is clean, and they have several different menu options, however the burgers are just meh. there's nothing wrong with them per se; i'm just really underwhelmed by the flavor.in fairness though, i tried the salmon salad last night and it was pretty good so i think that's what i'll order there in my (likely) future visits. oh and their milk shakes are pretty stellar.
2	I was really looking forward to eating here.  Tucked away in a strip mall behind a Denny's. Nice patio area facing a parking lot.  The choices for the burgers were really good. The sauce that came with the sweet potato fries was good. Our burgers were both overcooked. The most dissapointing thing though was that the bun was nothing more than a store bought hamburger but. Sorry, but if you are spending $15 on a burger at least make it a good bun.
4	Great service at the bar, good looking staff, and a great salmon salad make this a good stop for business travellers in chain restaurant hell.The burgers are just ok... but what really makes this place shine is the great service, and I truly loved the salmon salad and the kilt lifter on tap.this will be my new go to place every time I'm in phx.
4	So I saw an ad for Indulge in Phoenix magazine and decided to give it a try.  It's been a while since I've had a really good burger, and I like the idea of the "build your own," which I was intent on doing until I saw their "Burger of the Month" offering...  a 1/2 lb burger with lettuce, tomato, red onion, onion hay, bacon, and ... (drum roll) peanut butter!  Granted I was a touch apprehensive about having peanut butter sloshed all over my bun instead of mayo, but was intrigued enough to try it... and I'm glad I did. The peanut butter complimented the bacon and really added to the overall profile of the burger.  My burger was also cooked well, which is a big selling point for me.  Couple that with $2 Landsharks during happy hour and I will definitely be back!
5	After a long day of moving my Husband and I were famished.  He wanted a burger and I was looking for something a little lighter.  However,  it was his turn to pick.  So Indulge Burger it was.  I have been trying to cut back on eating so much red meat so I'm hoping they have fish or a veggie burger of some sort.  Thank God, they have a veggie burger.  I very skeptically order it.   Having eaten every veggie burger in this blessed city nothing compared to this little taste yummy veggie burger I had twirling in my mouth.  I was in sheer heaven!!   My husband even took a time out from his burger to try mine and he also loved it!!  So whether you be a meat eater or not this is the place that can accommodate everyone.  Can't wait to go back!!
2	The Grind. Zinburger. Delux...Those are some of the best burgers I've found here in the Valley.Indulge isnt one of them. Not by a long shot.The menu boasts natural, hormone free beef, and you can build your own burger with various buns, cheeses, sauces, meats and toppings. However, if the cook cannot deliver a burger ordered medium temperature, why bother with the bragging? Seriously...both burgers were well done, dry and tasteless..Skip this place and head towards Camelback Road in East Phoenix...the best burgers inthe valley are there, not here...
4	Made my second visit to Indulge Burgers on Friday night with my wife (her first time). Both of us enjoyed splitting a Turkey Burger and Sweet Potato Fries. The Burger was a little dry....but that's kind of what you get with a turkey burger most times. And who would have guessed they had $2 Land Sharks for Happy Hour. Great snack and the beer was cold! We look forward to heading back and trying more of the menu. Service was attentive and friendly.
2	Indulge is clearly trying. They have great service and decent ambiance. But damned if those burgers aren't mediocre.Considering that the only places that open in the Valley anymore are gourmet burger joints or wood-fired pizza kitchens, you've gotta do something to stand out. Indulge's attempt is the Vesuvius Volcanic, a grand name for some melted cheese inside a beef patty. Based on the description and safety warnings, I thought I'd get blasted with molten cheese when i cut into the thing, but it just oozed out. And yes, I realize that could be mistake for euphemism.I ended up eating it with a fork, which was not all that fun.(Note to every burger/wood-fired pizza joint in the region: Shocktop and Landshark are NOT microbrews, no matter what Peter King says.)
5	I can never decide what to eat.....everything is amazing!
3	Since there are so many reviews, I'll keep mine short and simple.  If you know how to put a good burger together, you'll do fine.  Service was good. I would say it was on the too greasy side.The great part was that the burger meat was cooked exactly to order.Only three stars because I didn't think it was the best burger in the world, there was nothing that really stood out.  I don't think the kobe burger tasted any different.  Save your $4.50.  I think for the price they all should have come with fries...but hey, that's just me.
5	I am soooooooo happy!  I'm rocking the five stars because Indulge Burgers has a whole gluten free menu!  They just don't offer to serve your burger in a "protein wrap" which means throw some lettuce around it, they actually have an entire gluten free menu AND their servers are knowledgeable about the whole issues we celiac's have with cross contamination issues.  Since I am newly diagnosed I am so happy to be able to go to a restaurant and not worry about my food!My hubby enjoyed the free homemade potato chips that were brought to the table and the server made sure I knew that they were not gluten free.....which is awesome!  Let them know as soon as you walk in that you want the baked fries and they'll start them.  They take longer but they are quite good and you get a huge portion (which we both ate from and still had some to bring home)  And my burger was excellent as were the condiments.  Everything was fresh, my gluten free bun was yummy!   I'm going to try a chicken sandwich next time and I will absolutely be back!  Phoenix needs more places willing to understand the issues some people have dining out with nutritional issues.
4	The food is great here. I love that they offer a burger without the bun. And the custom made to order form is fun. I can get anything I want on it, in any weird combination.  I've been here a couple of times using restaurant.com certificates.  And, groupon had a deal here too.  Those are what brought me here.  Without any discount, it's a bit pricey, but like I said the food is great. And they give those little chips for free! Yum.
1	I have one word to describe Indulge...BLAAAAAH!  service was super slow and the burger was so so.  There are many many better options for a burger in The Valley.  Don't waste your time or money here.
5	We loved this place!! A delicious burger, done just how I wanted it!! Even dh, who's really picky, said it was the best burger he's had. Very filling too!! The sweet potato fries come with this marshmallow dipping sauce which was fabulous. The onion rings were great too.Our younger daughter is GF and got to enjoy a cheeseburger on the bun for the first time in ages. She loved it, and the fries too. We took home some GF cupcakes and the cinnamon roll, delicious!! We sat on the patio with misters and were fine, even on a 100deg+ day! They have "yappy hour" from 2-4 where apparently you can bring your dog to dinner, which is such a cute idea. The service was great, our cups were never empty. I can't recommend it highly enough!! Asked for a location in Gilbert, and the owner/manager said they're thinking about somewhere further east and south. A girl can hope, right?
5	"Life is short remember to indulge."I read this quote on the back of an employee's shirt at Indulge Burgers and More (10392 North Scottsdale Road, Scottsdale, AZ  85254).   What a fitting quote, for this is an establishment with a menu that boasts a variety of delicious items that can satisfy any eater.Indulge Burgers has a two-sided menu: the first side has items already created (made fresh) for your choosing and the other side where one can create their own protein-based sandwich.   Items already created include their variety of starters and appetizers, signature burgers, indulge sandwiches and even salads.    A unique quality about Indulge Burgers is the fact they can certify their Angus natural beef is humanely raised.The "create your own" side of the menu includes your choice of protein to start your perfect sandwich (beef, chicken, turkey, Kobe beef, or home made veggie).  After protein is selected, one can choose their choice of cheese, sauce and one of three types of buns.   You can be as indulgent as you care to be.Indulge Burgers has an ample drink selection, as well as "adult milkshakes" (milkshakes made with liquor) and desserts. Indulge Burgers steps into the territory of breakfast as well, with a full breakfast menu.  If you are looking for a gluten-free menu, Indulge Burgers has a complete menu just for gluten-free diets.I was extremely pleased with my personal indulgence!  So pleased that I returned a second day in a row!  The mini cheeseburgers are no small feat for hunger.  Three mini cheeseburgers are topped with cheddar, red onions, pickles, tomatoes and lettuce.  One can easily tailor their mini cheeseburgers to their liking.  A butter topped bun covers their thick patty and numerous toppings.On day two I ordered their three cheese grilled cheese, which is served on thick multi-grain bread, melted with cheddar, American and Swiss cheeses.  A thick coating of melted cheese overtakes the thick multi-grain bread, an instant delicious combination for any grilled cheese lover!As you can see, Indulge Burgers and More can easily satisfy the most indulgent eater, the health-conscious eater, or those with special diets.  Indulge today and create your own personal indulgence, your stomach will thank you for it!
4	Visited on June 29th- on a ladies night---so my drinks were half-price! :) I had their turkey burger and thought it was wonderful. I've tried several in the past and hated them all. Great to finally find one I loved! This burger was served with a spicy sour cream and cranberries-- wonderful combination of flavors. Husband had a huge Bison burger. He thought it was pretty good- but not spectacular. The service was very good--great suggestions and attentive.
5	I love this place I found you when you had your first groupon. I now crave you every day just writting this has made me hungry! I wish you were closer to me but then again you are just down the street from my work so I still get to have you! When I come back to work with my lunch everyone just stares at me while I eat! Love love love you!!!
5	I ate there with my wife on a date night... The burgers were top notch.  Service was not bad.  Nice atmosphere.Lots of stuff on the menu, but it's an a la carte type menu...I love that you can build your own burger..adding whatever toppings you want...If you go a little crazy, it will get expensive.Not a cheap place, 2 of us ate (burgers with a few extras), sweet potato fries were incredible mainly because of the dipping sauce... and 2 sodas...Total including tip was about $35.I would go back again if I'm in the area....
5	Had the best dinner last night during the height of the wind storm. What could be better than a fresh, ice cold salad followed by fabulous chili con carne all washed down with a delicious frozen margarita.  What could be bad? Nothing! and the service was wonderful. My husband tried the sliders which were done to perfection to which he added an order of onion strings. DEFINITELY going back for more good food.
5	Eggs Benedict Lovers Rejoice!!I come to Indulge all the time for lunch and LOVE it.  When I was told they have Breakfast, I had to investigate.  They only serve breakfast on the weekends, and let me tell you it's amazing!!  Word hasn't gotten yet out on the breakfast thing, which selfishly is great b/c you get a seat right away (compared to waiting for ages down the road at other places).I'm definitely an eggs benedict snob, and theirs is top notch!  The hollandaise is spot on and delicious.  They are a little on the pricey side ($9+ for Eggs benny without hashbrown), but totally worth it.  This is a must try for Eggs Benedict fans!
5	Had the most fabulous dinner on Saturday... the new Brisket Sliders. Recommending them to everyone. Hope they are a permanent addition to the menu!!!
4	i would highly recommend this for happy hour.  food was great.  wednesday's ladies night was super fun.
4	I brought my sisters here after I purchased a Groupon.  I'm glad that it came up on Groupon because I never would have known about this place.Yum food- served any way you want it.  Everything can be customized to your desires.
5	Went to Indulge Burgers for the first time after Ignite Phoenix After Hours. Wanted to stay there forever.Here's the thing: If you're craving a burger, we all have several options. There's a fast food burger joint practically in every corner, and almost any "American Fare" restaurant and bar has their signature burger on their menu. Btu what sets Indulge Burgers apart is the opportunity to build your own--that's right BYOB (burger, that is). Now, all of a sudden, that burger you're wanting becomes a burger you'd kill for (maybe not to that extreme, but you get what I mean), because it will have everything you are looking for in a burger.Their burgers are all about juiciness, and partnered with their brioche bread, become divine. Ordered sweet potato fries with my lovely burger creation because, well, I heard it's better for you...whatever. It came with a dipping sauce on the side, which, at first glance, looked like some Italian dressing. But I was so wrong! This was the ish! The sauce is actually the liquefied, melted version of marshmallow cream/fluff with a dash of cinnamon. Some of you might think that the sauce might be too sweet and would ruin the meal and you all are so wrong! The sweetness of the fries and dipping sauce actually enhances the savoriness of my burger! That sauce was like crack and I wish they bottled it. I could not get enough of the fries and dipping sauce combo. I wanted to lick it clean but, I was all dressed nicely, you know.Service was very good, and the staff was great and friendly. I love the place, I want to live there. Or at least live near them. But alas, I live all the way in Tukee. Boo-hiss.So now I have two wishes: Please bottle your sweet (crack-like) sauce and open an Indulge Burgers in PHOENIX!
3	Great place.  We went there originally with a Groupon.  We tried the sweet potato fries and they are the best in town.  That cinnamon/marshmallow dip didn't sound good, but when we tried it we were hooked immediately.  I ordered our burgers just the way we like them and they were very good.  Meat was cooked perfectly.  I just had to add a little salt to the meat.  One of the better burger joints this part of town.
5	Visited Indulge Burgers over the 4th of July weekend. This place ROCKS! Wish they had one in Seattle. - Ambiance was classy/nice, but casual. (I forgot that I was actually in a strip mall.) - Staff was professional, friendly, and attentive - service was great. - The burgers were amazing and you can't beat the fact that they use Certified Humane beef! Will definitely be back on my next trip to the area.
1	Mediocre at best.  After being told we would have a 20-25 minute wait, we waited over 45 minutes.  Ok, we could manage that even though we were starving.  We sat down and it was 15 minutes before our server came to take our drink order, then didn't come back with the drinks for another 15  minutes.  Getting our food was another 45 minutes.  What should have been no more than 2 hours ended up being over 3 hrs.  While the concept is great, and the food was good, it certainly isn't worth the prices.  My bill for 4 burgers, 3 drinks and an order of fries was $65, not including a tip.  If I wouldn't have used my $30 groupon I would have been extremely upset.  I could manage the prices if the service wasn't so horrendous.  I won't be back.
2	Cool combination possibilities however, this place is way over rated and way over priced.  I'd choose a burger from Five Guys or In and out before I would go to this place again.
4	Went with the 25$ deal that gave us 2 apps, 2 drinks and 2 burgers.Was told it would be 20 minute wait when it was closer to a hour... but hey, its a Friday night and BevMo is next door (Free beer tastings on Friday nights, folks!). service is ok.... both tables on each side of us seemed to have a few issues with their server ( no silverware, wrong drink order, delay in coming back when expressed in a hurry) I found him to be ...abrupt and treating customers, even the elderly table, like they were his frat buddies but maybe this is just a very casual business. Try the Fried Pickles... oh my god, so good. Fried onion strings were just a pile of greasy, floppy mess. why not just go the extra step and make actual Onion Rings!?burgers were good and BIG. They forgot the bacon I ordered and didn't realize it till had my leftovers later sadly. Overall, pretty good but I would never pay the full price ( over 50 dollars) for burgers but for a coupon , why not!Upped my stars - I appreciate the email from manager expressing his desire for us to return and sorry for the mistake and the wait ( but like I said, it was a busy night and we had fun in bevmo). Overall, I think Indulge is gonna continue to be just as popular as it was last night, and thats a good thing.
5	I had been looking for an excuse to go to Indulge Burgers for months, since I live in the West Valley. It was worth the wait. I ordered a gluten free burger and order of fries (baked.) It was a busy Saturday lunch crowd, so we opted to eat on the patio. I was expecting the service to be super slow out there, but that was not the case. The waitress came out quickly and took our orders. Soon we got our drinks, then came out the fries, then the burgers. YUM! It was fabulous. The gluten free options were as good as I could have hoped. And they are puppy friendly.
5	What a pleasant surprise.  We've driven past this place many times, but never would have known it existed without the groupon special.We started off with the fried pickle chips which were yummy. They were about 1/4 inch thick with a nice thick crunch and were served with a dill sauce which was awesome.We then did our made-to-order burgers.  I chose the chicken sandwich with avocado, pepperjack, baby greens, olives, and cactus ranch sauce.  Now, typically restaurants overcook the chicken drying it out, but this was extremely moist and a delightfully tasty creation.My boyfriend got the burger which was cooked to his requested medium doneness and he said was awesome.We did decide to try the sweet potato fries after reading others reviews on here and we both agree they're really yummy.  With the sweet sauce, it was definitely our substitute for dessert. After being to Zinburger last week and having tested out a lot of great places in the area, we will for sure keep this place on our list of fun burger joints and are excited to return,Oh and happy hour is 330-630, so half off appetizers and we got some great beer specials.  Apparently Sundays they offer beer pitchers for $5.
1	Food is good but the service is slow.   Didn't care too much for the outside seating either.
5	I love fish and Alan doesn't, so to find a good restaurant where we can get beef and fish is wonderful. Had the grouper sandwich on Saturday, but had it blackened instead of fried. YUM!!! Moist and delicious. Most restaurants overcook the fish so I was thrilled. Will be having it more often. Alan loves his all beef hot dog and I indulge with my Frozen Margarita. What a great dinner with friends..
3	The staff here is super friendly and service was top notch.  Maybe it's a Scottsdale thing or something but two of us ate, had two burgers, french fries, the yummy sweet potato fries, and two shakes.. bill was $45 bucks.   Ouch.. a little high..  Had the Volcanic Burger which all the cheese when popped fell all to the bottom of the plate and not on my burger. So my cheesy burger wasn't so cheesy when I went to eat it.   The highlight of our meal was the Sweet Potato fries, they were just so yummy, more like a desert but I wouldn't mind swinging in for drinks and eating those.  The Burger didn't really have a lot of flavor to it and feel apart making it hard to eat.  Overall it's a nice clean place with good service..
5	Great burgers, try the sweet potato fries with marshmellow sauce! Oh, and don't miss the fried pickles, omg!
4	09/08/11Great place for gourmet burgers, but pricey!  I was in the area, returning an item at Bev Mo', when I noticed that the burger place I'd been reading about from so many Yelp friends was right next door.  I had just noticed a Now! Groupon deal that morning where $12 bought $20 worth of food there, so I went in and had a look at the menu and decided that the groupon deal was worth checking out.Looking at the happy hour menu, I see that it's 3:30p-6:30p Sundays (beer /wine) and Mondays (domestic beer/sliders) and 4p-close Ladies' Night Tuesdays and Wednesdays (1/2 off apps and drinks).  I'll have to check HH on a Wednesday soon!After poring over the menu for a few minutes and asking lots of questions (organic and local produce and meats are used whenever possible), I decided to customize a Kobe burger w/ gruyere, mixed greens, sprouts, grilled onions, and pepperoncini, on an oatmeal-topped wheat bun, with an apricot chipotle sauce.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=7HkjJq2083qp9TxBduhkTw  I upgraded to sweet potato fries for an extra charge.  Sounds great, right?  And it was!  Loved everything on my plate!!  The bun is from a local bakery and made fresh everyday; the veggies were either locally-sourced or organic; and the beef used here are all-natural (no hormones and not GMO).  The sweet potato fries were perfect!!  And the sauce!!  Very tasty- sour-sweet from the apricots, and very spicy!!  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=M9rRM6Eo5YbKLKMG5QiIPA&select=x6pvF_xqhv5mseBAvyEV6g  I also tried the Mac 'n cheese, w/ ham (extra fee).  Very, very cheesy, and very, very good!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=R2QAn4cH5v9Is0CtRpTvewDecided to skip on the apps, but what do we have here?  Complimentary homemade parmesan potato chips!  Next time, I'll have to check out one of the "adult" milkshakes and remember to make room for dessert!  :))Can't report on the noise level, since it was pretty sleepy indoors when I stopped in at 345p.  The place looks like it picks up a bit later at night, though... The servers were a bit too cool for my tastes-- warm up the room w/ a few smiles and courtesy, please!
4	Take advantage of their great happy hour ya'll! This is a great place for gourmet burgers, but pricey!
3	Tried Indulge this past weekend where the atmosphere was pretty chill with a little house music in the background. We ordered two vesuvius volcanic burgers, sweet fries (which were awesome), a side of apricot chipotle sauce, a peanut butter shake and a cookie dough shake. The service was polite and prompt, but the tab was pricy at $45 bucks. To be honest I could have got a better tasting burger at 5 guys. The vesuvius volcanic burger was disappointing with dry bland meat and no cheese taste. When I cut into it the cheese disappeared so all I could taste were the onions and lettuce. A little seasoning goes a long way in meats. Now the sweet potato fries was the star. Sweet with a little crunch and the marshmallow sauce took it over the top. The shake was good but nothing special. Overall the restaurant itself was nice, but probably will not return.
4	Great burgers with brioche buns, great onion strings.  You can also forego the bun and do a burger on a salad.  Clean decor and good servers.  Not the cheapest burger, but certainly a good one.
4	Great burgers, great service, and on top of that, I ordered it rare and I got it rare. Wonderful thing when you're dinner shows up as you ordered it.
5	Cute lil burger joint! Great burgers and cheese fries, staff was awesome nonetheless, I will be returning!
4	We've been here a couple times using coupons (Groupon, LocalDines, etc.)  They prepare burgers that are beautiful works of art and also very tasty.  Here you really can have it your way - even a slice of HAM on your HAMburger if you want it (nope, not for me).  They also have vegetarian option, turkey burgers and chicken too.  Service is generally very good, seems like they have lots of help here.  I noticed they also serve breakfast on Sat & Sun, including build-it omelets.   Would like to come back and try eggs!Lots of competition in the burger arena.  Indulge really is an indulgence if you are paying full price.  At around $10/burger (no sides), it's quite an investment.  Find a coupon and go try for yourself.
4	Although we love this place, the fact they have raised their prices a lot will detour us from going as often. Also, they used to greet your table with a small plate of free home-made chips, now they charge for them. I am just not sure if any burger is worth $10-$15.
4	I love this place!  The only reason they aren't getting 5 stars is the prices are just a little too steep.   My favorite burger medley:  turkey burger with buffalo sauce, blue cheese, a little avocado... mmmmmm!  (i may be salivating a little as I write this!!).  And the sweet potato fries are delish. If you want to make this a little more affordable, go for happy hour!  $2 or 3 domestic bottles, not too shabby!  Not exactly the usual happy hour hang out, but it works for me.  Wish there were more of these around the valley - this one is just a little too far away from the Cen Pho, but if you do venture out - be sure to check this place out!
3	The food was delicious, but the service slightly less than exceptional.  Of our four orders there was something wrong with each one, the service was slow but friendly. Not my first time there, just a little hit or miss on the service, consistently good food though. If you've got plenty of time to wait.  They have plenty of waitstaff like Carol M. points out, but they spend more time socializing than they do waiting on customers.
5	I enjoy this place so much! I have been a frequent customer and am rarely disappointed. I recently met a friend here whom had never been before. Tues/Wed, turns out to be "Ladies night" and our food and drink were half off! I venutred away from my usual burger or chicken sandwich and split the Turkey Burger with my friend.....what a treat!!!  It was yummy, and I will forever order this Turkey Burger. This was surprising to me who typically doesn't not order Turkey Burgers. Previous reviews point out the pricing of the food being rather steep. I agree, however, between their happy hour, daily specials, and coupons (groupon, local dines), you are bound to save a few bucks. Lastly, I'd like to mention the atmosphere as being quaint, clean, and casual. My friend commented several times about how much she "liked this place" and couldn't wait to bring her husband there to experience Indulge Burger! Indulge is worth a shot!
1	ORIGINAL REVIEW(SEE BELOW FOR REVISIT):Disappointed, extremely. Terrible food and terrible service. Nice looking, but definitely not returning. We got there a little before happy hour, were seated quickly and asked the server what the specials were. She showed us the board above the bar that said Landshark. We decided to order a 24 ouncer to share until happy hour. She came back and said they were out so we ordered a Shock Top instead. We both ordered Kobe style burgers and mine order came out wrong, not kobe. They sent it back, got the right order back pretty quickly, except missing my roasted peppers (which were not roasted, but tiny pieces in a dressing cup) and french fries.  Both of our burgers were very dry and flavorless, not what you'd expect from a place that specializes in burgers. We actually put quite a bit a salt to try and get some flavor out of it.  We told the server we would have two more Shock Tops IF we could get them at the happy hour special price (since they didn't have the main beer they promote available). She said okay, she was sure she could do that. We got the bill and she did not give us the special on the beers we asked for.  She said she could get the manager but he wouldn't do anything, so we said forget it, paid the bill and left, won't be back. Honestly, if the burgers were as amazing as we expected them to be, we wouldn't have made a bit of a stink about the beers.  Good luck staying in business when you have very poor service AND very poor food.REVIEW AFTER SECOND VISIT:I was contacted by the owner, Lee, who had seen my review (above) to give it a second shot.  His business is his passion and wants to make sure everyone who visits has a great meal as well as great service every time. We decided to give it another shot and it was a complete turn around.  The service was impeccable and the burgers were better. Laura was there to take care of all our needs.  Whatever we requested, i.e., make the fries that come with the kobe style burger, cheddar cheese chili style was done.  We did have to add a little salt and pepper, but they were much juicer this time.  The green chili on the burger is delicious!  I would say because the food was better and everyone involved truly cared that we were dissatisfied, we will be making return visits in the future.  Thank you Lee, Laura and Kyle (very nice bartender) for treating us as, well, pretty much like royalty.  We look forward to returning and sharing this experience with our friends.
3	Found these guys through groupon- first time there was great! Meat was super juicy and sweet patatoe fries were amazing! Second time around had the chili cheese fries which were really good also. I took the first bite of my burger and it tasted like fish... Weird. So I thought it might be in my head, I tried it again and same thing. I was really grossed out I think they might have cooked some fish right next to my burger. I still think there fries are bomb...I will forgive them this time and will b back..hopefully my experience isnt bad again!
5	WOW! i LOVE burgers and picked up a Groupon for this place about 5 months ago and finally got around to using it tonight (since it expires next week).  The Hostess and Waiter was really nice and friendly, explaining all of the specials, the happy hour, and the YAPPY hour where you can bring your dog with you to eat on the patio. They also had a very large bar and selection of alchohol but i didn't get anything.I skipped the prebuilt burgers and built my own 2/3 lbs (after cooking).  The add-on choices were great, and the spicy sour cream was amazing!The Sweet Potato fries were also amazing and came with dipping sauce that tasted like melted marshmallows.  We also got a side of the cheesy cheddar fries and loved them.Overall, this place is great, high quality foods and toppings and a great staff.  the prices seemed a little high when ordering but after we ate i didn't feel that way and plan on going back again soon!
1	I and my Wife, dined here this evening.     I felt, the pricing is a bit over the top.     The burgers were somewhat-OK ....... not the fantastic ...... I was expecting.          For the price ....... I would of expected the burgers ..... to be hand formed.The burgers were not dry ....... just not juicy.                The tables that seat two individuals, are TO SMALL ........ barely room for the plates.OUR server ......was a Young person ...  who spent her time in the backroom.                           So our srevice was  Mediocre.                  Overall I was disappointed with our experience.My Ethics .... My Standards:Every business starts with one star ...... GETTING MORE .... HAS TO BE EARNED.
3	Today I made my first visit to Indulge... The atmosphere is casual and comfortable, and the takeout process was easy. I was craving a great burger, and this almost hit the spot. The brioche bun was soft and the Kobe beef was tender, also the toppings were fresh. My complaint is that the burger was really under-seasoned. I don't need my food to be too salty, but this was lacking any seasoning that I could detect. I think a pinch of salt is all it would have needed to score an extra star. The chocolate malt was tasty, the fries were pretty standard. Overall not bad, but not even close to Zinburger.
3	menu set up was great!!! lots of options!! my burger ( Vesuvius volcano) was a little undercooked but they fixed it and comped second round of drinks!
3	We came on a Friday night, and it was pretty busy.  We were hungry and had set our stay-or-go window at 20 minutes, so when the hostess said 25-30 I talked my lovely (but hungry) wife into waiting just a little longer, and we waited.  And waited.  And waited, along with other people who were there before us and seemed much grumpier than we were.  I briefly considered challenging my wife with the dare from the Seinfeld Chinese Restaurant episode - go over and grab something off of someone's plate, come back and eat it without saying anything - but was too afraid that she'd call my bluff and we'd get kicked out.  We didn't get seated until 50 minutes later (at a table right next to the soda fountain) and barely managed to resist gnawing on the tablecloth.  Compounding the problem is that the policy is no-submitting-orders-until-you're-seated (unlike our favorite pizza place named after an Italian herb), so we waited another 17 minutes before we got some food.The food was good - delicious burgers, loved the customization and the sauces, and the sweet potato fries were some of the best I've ever had.  But with the high price tag and the killer wait, I really doubt we'll be back.One note in the defense of the hostess and manager - I could tell (from their quiet conversation about 40 minutes in) that they realized people had been waiting much longer than they bargained for.  But if that's so, then at least apologize for the wait, or comp a french fry order, or something.  A little "sorry" goes a long way towards letting your customers know that you recognize they're uncomfortable, and you'll do it differently next time.
3	It's so odd that I left a place feeling fairly conflicted about whether or not I actually liked it.  There's so much that's good about Indulge Burgers & More, but there was so much that I disliked, as well.  In the mood for a burger, and seeing a $30 for $15 gift certificate on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/?ref=19485), my girlfriend and I decided to give Indulge a try.We started by trying the garlic and parmesan chips.  We both really enjoyed this appetizer.  Fresh cut potato chips fried, and covered with melted cheese and garlic.  The only thing I didn't care for was that it comes with ranch dressing as a dipping sauce (not stated on the menu).  There's a long list of condiments I would rather dip these in other than ranch.  For burgers, we both ordered the Kobe Beef burgers (costs about $14 if you order the 1/2 pound version (comes with fries, unlike regular beef).  The burgers are cooked well, look good, the toppings we put on ours were fine, and it certainly didn't taste bad.  But, I still didn't truly love what I was eating.  The problem; once I took a bite, the whole thing fell apart.  I can't overstate the struggle it was to keep all the toppings, beef and bun together whenever I bit into the burger.  My girlfriend also expressed that she was having the same trouble.  Also, while the Kobe beef was good, other gourmet burger places have cheaper options which are superior.  If I go back, I will probably order the regular beef burger, and split some fries with the table.The restaurant is small, and was pretty crowded for a Wednesday night.  The wait was not very long, but there were always a few parties waiting for a table at any given time during the evening.  It has a nice modern set up, with a small bar area off to the side.  There's a good tap selection, and happy hour prices are decent.  The service was pretty good, although it was pretty odd that the chips were ready almost instantly, but the burgers took a while to come out.Indulge is at least worth a try, especially if you get the Local Dine.
4	When I see a burger on the menu with bleu cheese, I pretty much cream myself. (That's a GREAT detail if you want to take me out on a date, boys.)The service was spot-on and we never had to ask for a drink refill. The size of the burger was enormous and I didn't get to finish the whole thing. I LOVE that they serve the fries in a cone-shaped dish. Keeps the grease at the bottom.There are a LOT of combos you can make a burger with. Ordering is like Chino Bandido, where you can decide which toppings, what kind of bread for the bun, etc.I've only been to this location, but the owner was there and super attentive to us, so I would frequent any location of theirs.There was a table near us of people that kept making faces about our conversation. It wasn't even inappropriate but they were so mean looking that I almost got up to shove a fry up their noses. My only complaint was the temperature of the restaurant. It was really cold in there. It was about a month or so ago, so it could have been that in-between part of Phoenix weather when you aren't sure if you should have the A/C on or the heat. I'll definitely be back, because I love me some big meat!
4	Ate here from a Groupon!   This place lets you build whatever you want on a burger practically.  The order sheet is huge.  It's a great concept as long as you can be decisive haha.I had a Bacon Cheeseburger with BBQ sauce on the amazing brioche bun and it was great.  The french fries we ordered were half sweet potato/half regular and they were awesome.Speaking of which....they have a dipping sauce with the sweet potato fries that is made out of marshmallow and together it's like candied yams on Thanksgiving.All in all this is a pretty good burger joint :)
3	I bought a groupon for this place so that i was able to try it out. Good thing I bought I a groupon because this place is a bit high pricing for burgers. The indulge wings were very good and my burger that I build myself was good to. It's better to build your own burger. The waitress was very helpful, with all of our questions. The rest of my party felt that this place was ok, it's not all that it's is made out to be. I would return to this place if I was in the area but it's not worth the 45 minute drive to this place.
4	The ability to build my own burger made me one happy girl as I tend to be very picky.  i was on a mission over the weekend to satisfy my unusual craving for a burger and decided to peep out Indulge. atmosphere is nice and laid back bar/restaurant environment. You get a menu that you mark up yourself and choose everything you want and they take your order off of that. They have appetizers and other signature menu items and the whole back side of the menu is left to create your own supreme yummy goodness. Everything from Kobe beef to feta cheese to avocados and fried eggs and about 20 million (ok not that many) sauces you can choose from to dip your deliciousness into. I could only eat about half so yes, portions are very generous. There beer selection is alright not as many craft selections like i would like to choose from but all right considering the restaurant. All in all i conquered my craving so Indulge is A-ok in my book
1	Spent like $30.00 for a couple burgers and left very hungry..all that money and the burgers didn't even come with fries, also..servers were young and never around much..I had to get up twice myself and pour myself more water..they better do better than this charging these kind of prices in this economy.
5	Loved the build your own menu. Burgers are HUGE, 1/2 pound was the smallest option and was more than enough. Well priced menu, very reasonable. Also want to call out the sweet potato fries and the AMAZING marshmallow/cinnamon dipping sauce. Unreal!
5	Amazing food and good service!! Best pickles and fries ever!! :)
4	***This rating is for a Monday night happy hr.***My buddy recommended we go here after he found it on Yelp and had already been once. So we did. Here is my breakdown for the experience:-Service was awesome! All employees were friendly and courteous, and didn't miss a beat w/ checking on us-Great environment (clean, smaller place w/ a good size bar area and outdoor area)-We ordered wings and $1.50 sliders: wings were decent (I've had better and worse), and the sliders were great...large and tasty, and not too greasy.-Our BEERS were great (Sleeping Dog?...my buddy said it was a beer from a small local brewery)It was actually pretty busy for a Monday night. I would definitely make another visit when in the area!
5	Amazing server! Amazing food! Amazing atmosphere!
4	Casual and fun.  Most importantly the burgers are outstanding.  You get to order your burger exactly as you want it.  The veggie burger is probably one of the best i have ever eaten.  When you go, try the sweet potatoe fries.  They are served with melted marshmallow and cinnamon dip.  YUM!
5	I indulged big time at Indulge Burgers & More during Fat Tuesday yesterday.  There are a tremendous variety, including many healthy options such as a turkey or veggie burger.  The best part I like is that you can build your own burger with all sorts of yummy toppings.  I had the turkey burger, and the turkey was one of the best I have ever tasted.  Sometimes you can taste like of the darker meats and fatty parts, but I felt like this burger was very clean and lean.  I would highly recommend the sweet potatoe fries that you can order.  You can deep those fries in what tastes like a warm marshamallow dip.   The price is not too bad either for what I call a luxury burger.
5	AWESOME! This place is now my number 1 burger place to go to in Arizona.  I used a groupon here and thought it was going to be just another burger place, butit wasn't. The hamburgers must be made with premium beef because you can definitely taste the difference.  The onion strings are delicious. I would say it is about $15 - $20 bucks per person,  but well worth it.
3	I work in this area and frequently run to the nearby Fresh and Easy for lunch, and finally I gave in today and gave it a try. I could no longer resist the delicious smell of grilling that wafted out of the building.I ordered the Indulge cheddar burger, medium, and an order of the deep fried pickles, to go (as the restaurant was packed when I went in).The burger was good quality and had a nice char flavor to it. The beef itself was tasty, and it was a perfect medium. The toppings were a bit lackluster; the cheddar cheese was good, but I would use a more sharp cheddar for something called a "cheddar burger". The red onion was good and crisp, but the tomato was a bit green, and the iceberg lettuce on it was fairly wilted and slimy. The bun for the burger was very good - butter-toasted it tasted like, and soft on the inside with a good crusty exterior.On the whole, I probably would give this place 3.5 stars if I'd just ordered the burger. I can't say that it was a "die-for" burger - overall for the price I would probably pick Five Guys over this any day, unless I was just really craving that charred flavor you can only get from a burger cooked on open flame.The real disappointment in my book were the deep fried pickles. There are so few restaurants in town that serve them that I was happy to see that Indulge had them on the menu.They were listed as dill pickles, but they almost had an overtone of bread-and-butter - and while I know some people love them, to me B&B pickles taste like dirty socks. So to bite into what I expected to be a delicious, tart dill and instead wind up with a mouthful of smelly feet wasn't pleasant. I also thought the breading on the pickles was too thick, and almost overcooked (to the point of having a near-bitter burned taste).The service - take-out only, obviously - was polite and made a point to stop by while I waited out front (the waiting room was standing-room only) to let me know when my order was about up.Overall I will probably give this place another shot sometime when I can dine in, and can splurge on trying the Kobe upgrade option for the burger. Otherwise, it was good food but probably not worth the $10 per sandwich on a regular basis.
4	I am definitely a fan of this type of burger place, where I get to make my own Frankenstein's Monster of a burger.  It's real similar to Counter Burger, if you've ever been there, or even Which Wich on the sandwich side.  You pick a blank canvas of meat, be it beef, chicken, kobe, veggie, or even bison.  Then you get to load it up with whatever crap you can think of.I went beef with avocado, green chili, sauteed mushrooms and onions, pickles, and pepperoncini, with the spicy sour cream sauce on a wheat bun.  It was fantastic, if messy.  But they have really nice napkins here, so I was able to make it out of here without any terrible mishaps.Tanya had a veggie burger "salad style" and we'll call it a learning experience.  The patty itself was seriously one of the best veggie patties we've ever had.  It almost tasted like refried beans.  It was way good.  But "salad style" has it served on a bed of iceberg lettuce only, which was disappointing.  If you want to have it this way, you can make it good, but use your toppings for lots of veggies.  She would have added baby greens to mix it up and other veggies for more of a salad.  We also had a mix of sweet potato fries and onion strings, both of which were perfect.  Crispy and served with a marshmallow sauce and ranch, respectively.  Aside from a few missteps (the salad debacle, and our waiter being fairly inattentive), you can make one heck of a delicious burger here for a totally reasonable price.
1	Let me start by saying I am a burger FIEND. It's probably my favorite food, of all time.I placed an order to pick up. The guy on the phone sounded nice, and when I got there, he came right to the counter and greeted me. He was speedy in taking my money too. The time to pick up was great, 15 minutes, just enough time for me to get there. I got there, and the place was packed. This + the reviews made me think I made the right choice.Onto the food, I ordered the Original Cheddar Burger, with bacon. My boyfriend got the same thing, only supposedly Gluten-Free and without the bacon. I got the 1/2 & 1/2 with regular fries and onion strings. The onion strings were good, but how can you mess those up?The burgers: For starters, I ordered both of them MEDIUM, but they were very visibly WELL DONE. Not to mention DRY! My boyfriend didn't even finish his (and he is far from picky) and felt the same as when he eats a glutenous burger. I would compare the burger itself to something similar to Whataburger/Carl's Jr/Rally's. Better than McDonald's, but not a real burger. Too bad, I've been on a hunt to find Scottsdale's Best Cheeseburger.
4	I have only eaten at Indulge Burger about five or six time in the first three months of 2012.  Once I was introduced, I became an instant, raving fan.  This is the best burger in Phoenix!!  This is one of the better ones ever.  I like Indulge because the burgers are cooked perfect to taste, the meat is very tasty and, most importantly, there are so many different ways to design your burger that you can never run out of creative ways to make one.  From the buns, the cheese, the toppings, the special toppings, and the sauces -- the variety, options, and flavors are amazing.  Add an appetizer of fried pickles to your burger and fries order and you are in Indulge Burger heaven. Enjoy!!
2	I was really excited to finally try Indulge Burgers after having purchased a gift certificate from restaurant.com.  I live quite far away, so we happen to be near the restaurant, we jumped at the opportunity.  It's a nice enough place.  I didn't expect it to have a full bar, which is always a plus.  I ordered the carmel apple martini.  Does that sound good to you guys?  Well, it's not!  At $8 for a drink at a burger joint, it could at the very least have been cold.  The different flavors clashed.  I would never order that again.You have the option to order already a signature burger or build your own.  My husband tried the burger with peanut butter in the cheese.  PEANUT BUTTER!  I didn't care for it.  He didn't think it was too bad, but wouldn't come back for it.  I did the build your own burger as did my daughter.  We shared an order of chili cheese fries which were really really good!  My son had the slider's kid meal.  I'm not in love with the place.  Thankfully I had the $25 gift cert, but even with $25 off it still cost us about $50.  That's way too much for a burger joint and a Meh experience.
4	Another stop on our Spring Training tour in Scottsdale. Adam J. and I are always on a search for things off the beaten path, especially away from the tourists. And Indulge was great. I ordered a black bean burger on a salad, since I didn't really feel like a bun. The burger - A.maz.ing. I eat a LOT of veggie burgers when we eat out - I'm always looking for those items that are new and different, and I'm always happy when I don't just get a Boca burger. This burger was fantastic - and it's not just for vegetarians (which I am not - I love me some meat). My only real disappointment was that the salad greens were just iceberg lettuce. I know they have mixed greens - I saw them on someone else's plate. And maybe I just didn't order correctly, but I would have much preferred mixed greens to a bowl of iceberg. Bleh. Overall, I'd eat here again. I love a place that lets you mix your fry baskets (fries, sweet tater fries, or onion rings), and where I can build my own burger. If we're back in Scottsdale again next year, I'm sure Mr. Adam will want to make a stop at Indulge.
1	03/14/12I had a couple of groupons to use up, so on this visit I decided to try Indulge's chili-and-cheese fries, their chili (to go), and their adult coffee milkshake.  The fries came out fast, and even though they were very greasy (as to be expected), the few crispy bites I had were sufficient while I waited for my to-go burgers to arrive.  (I ended up throwing out 4/5 of the fries entree.)  Some of the burgers I'd ordered were missing some toppings (cheese and other toppings I chose by checking those boxes on the order forms the server hands you to fill out), and of the four burgers I asked to be cooked medium, three were actually either medium-well or well-done.  (The only one cooked to medium was the burger I had tried at the restaurant.)  The best part of my experience here today was the coffee milkshake!  It was made with vanilla ice cream, Adult chocolate milk (you may buy a bottle at Bev Mo or Total Wine, I'm told), coffee, and Kahlua, and it's only $8.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=PGuZSDEwBBFrORLlSgEz7gI say skip the burgers and apps here and just go for a milkshake!I had the feeling that Indulge (and the staff) do not appreciate their guests that use groupons.  My server was initially helpful with my questions, but when it finally dawned on her that I was using a groupon, the initial warm service turned definitely chilly.  And why not?  She was guaranteed to make around 18-20% tip (around $20 for a pre-tax food value of around $109)!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=9RBD09ksq3s1RfxZVIRvnQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=uKfvo5vvQcd6JzoJPeLpNQ03/16/12I had one more groupon to use, so I met a friend here for dinner, and somewhat reluctantly at that, since I knew the service wasn't going be anything special.  (And I was right!  Even my friend made an observation, "I don't think our server likes me very much."  I told him later it's bec. she knew she was going to make an easy $20...)The deal came with a couple of apps, four burgers, and a bottle of wine, so we placed our order for the burgers, and I chose sweet potato fries (to go), as well as the Mac 'n cheese app, but not before I asked our server (the same one I had two days ago) if I could order the side of mac 'n cheese as an app (it fell within the price specification for the apps included in the groupon deal).  Our server said yes.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/bk4FIHt8ODRBPfqL4Fd2aQ?select=ygY8t5CvOJsB_aHFQUyvrg  Turned out, the dish wasn't included in the deal, so I still had to choose another app to take home (the parmesan chips that used to be complimentary, and that which I had mentioned in my first Indulge review).The burgers we had at the restaurant were good, even though mine came out medium-well, instead of medium.  The other two burgers I took to-go were medium-well (I specified medium), but at least these weren't missing any toppings this time.  (Funny how I was reduced to counting my lucky stars on having *some* of the order specifications heeded when ALL should've been guaranteed as per the order sheet filled out...)I won't be returning to Indulge anymore, as I did not appreciate the less-than-above-average guest service and sub-par food given on these two visits.  I don't know why some businesses that participate in these groupon events end up offering less-than-stellar service and products when I know they can do so much better.  The goal is to bring in and develop a larger fan/customer base, so this is when you should shine!  I used to understand why businesses added the gratuity (to keep the servers from being under-tipped), but I usually tip 20% (and even much more if the service was over-and-above what I expected), but to see my hard-earned money greedily taken while my guest and I end up with sub-par service AND products, it makes me sick to further recommend this establishment to others.From four stars to one... I have aunts and a cousin who enjoyed their food here a long time ago, but I won't be taking them, nor anyone else, here again!!
3	Food tasted average to me.  Nothing very exciting Ive had better burgers for a third of the cost.   Yea its cool to see the huge burgers stacked with all the goodies and yes its fun to build your own burger and yes I did like the fact that they had Buffalo and Kobe Beef options but when they handed me my bill I wanted to mash what was left of my burger in their face.  Come On its a hamburger and we didn't even do the expensive upgrades and our lunch tab was $36.00 not including the tip.  I wanted to slither out the door without paying a tip because our waitress sucked and left us waiting for 20 minutes both when we ordered and when it was time to pay.  I didn't instead I begrudgingly left my normal 20% so lets tally that up.  Thats right $43.00 for two at lunch.  No steak, no shrimp, no lobster just a burger.  Skip this place and head to In and Out Burger for real flavor at a price that makes you smile.  Should be 2 stars damn Im pissed.
5	Our absolute favorite restaurant. After being in the hospital for 3 weeks it was the first place I wanted to go.  Our biggest problem was trying to decide what to have.  It is one of the very few places where our order has always been perfect and it is so nice to be able to get a rare burger.  The staff is courteous, friendly and helpful.  Well done everyone.  Can't wait to come back and next time have the hot fudge sundae.  The home made hot fudge is outstanding!M & A
4	The Vesuvius burger was really good here. Pro-tip the cheese on the inside of the burger is as molten as it says on the menu be careful.My husband decided to order one of their Vesuvius Burgers and I choose the make your own route. You could add a Vesuvius patty to the make your own and when he saw and tasted my burger he was disappointed he didn't do the same thing. Next time we will both make our own. Their in house burger sauce is good too. Pros:Really GOOD burgersGreat ServiceCons:Probably not somewhere I would take the ENTIRE family. I happened to only have my 2 year old that day and surprisingly he was well behaved.
5	I have been frequenting Indulge Burger for over a year.  I eat there about once a week and usually meet a friend there.  The food is AWESOME!  Unless I get some kind of entree salad I usually cannot finish and bring the rest home.  St. Bernards love leftovers!The service is great.  When I sit at the bar I usually encounter Justin and sometimes Keegan.  They run the place as if it is their own venture.  When I have sat at a table I have had the pleasure of Kali serving me most of them time.  She is really awesome but so is everyone else.The owner, Lee usually makes the rounds to see if everyone is doing well.  Obviously he cares which is more than I can say for most chain style places.andy
5	I had lunch there recently and was very impressed with the food,  friendly service and excellent value.  I had a lunch special -- two cheeseburger sliders with sweet potato fries.  They serve the burgers with several pieces of fresh crisp lettuce, tomato and onion.  We will definitely go there again.
2	When this please first opened it was good, but they have gone downhill since the beginning.  Plus there are way more better burgers places than indulge.  This place the prices are too high for the food you get and the burgers are nothing to write home about, very boring.  Yes they have buffalo but so does most other places.  Yes they have a gluten free menu but so does many other places.  The turkey burger and the buffalo burgers we tried were boring and dry.  Plus the sweet potatoe fries tasted like them came out of a bag rather than being made from scratch.  We will not be returning, they are no longer a good value and the food is not longer great but boring.
4	I ordered a custom burger and the choices are borderline overwhelming.  I can't go wrong.It was delicious and I can't wait to go back and try it again.
4	This place offers GROUPON NOW deals fairly often. Came with a couple of girlfriends and ordered the lunch special.  Burger, fries & drink for $9.95! You can even change the fries to sweet potato fries which was a nice surprise!I'm personally used to SP fries that are more seasoned,  however, I was informed that it comes unseasoned with an special marshmellow sauce.  I will definitely have to go back and try the fries again.  I ordered a cheddar burger and asked for medium-well but the beef was slightly more cooked than I would have preferred. BUT, The size of the burger was impressive and definitely filled my belly.Service was great even on a busy lunch afternoon. You can order directly at the front and take it TO-GO or sit at a table. They appeal about this place is you can customize your own burger but you have to pay extra for any special extra toppings like avocado or an egg.
1	I work in the food industry and have no issue to pay 10 dollars for a great burger, while sitting at the bar the gentlemen next to me was not happy about the price, it happens. I ordered to go and when I got home and my wife and I ate our burger I saw why the gentleman at the bar was not happy. Guys have you ever seen salt and pepper helps bring out flavor when you order a med burger and pay 10 dollars for it make sure it is med not well done. If I wanted a well done burger I would go to the golden arches as their well done is better than yours and they suck.When your main item is burgers you have to get it correct or you will not be around long and if they continue to serve the dry tasteless burgers that I received I don't see you been around Would never go back yuk yuk yuk
4	Came back here with my husband for another visit. This time for dinner. I had a living social coupon that I wanted to use.It was busy on a Friday night but managed to get a table within 5 minutes. Noticed on the menu they offer ''adult milk shakes''. They also give  you the extra that comes in a metal cup like the way diners do.I ordered the Volcano burger which is a cheese-lovers delight! It was piping hot and my server was nice enough to remind me that it's gonna be hot. The brioche bun was soft, fluffy with a nice shiny top coat. Once again ordered a side of sweet potato fries and enjoyed the special marshmellow sauce. It got a little too sweet after awhile, so i started dipping into ketchup. My hubs ordered a medium Kobe Beef Burger which was a nice size for him. Although he gave a thumbs down for the additional $4 charge for the KOBE.They have a completely separate GLUTEN FREE menu to order food from, including gluten free desserts!Loved my smiley/happy server.
4	Indulge Burgers got a few things right and a few things wrong, but overall, I was very pleased with my experience. We had a Living Social deal, and got the sweet potato and regular fries combo, as well as a side salad to start. The fries were good, but nothing special. The salad made me want to cry. I know you don't go to a burger joint to get a salad, but couldn't you at least try to make it a decent salad? It was all white lettuce and a few sprigs of sliced carrots. My husband wanted me to give the place 3 stars for the lettuce alone. But, the burgers themselves were good, and the Build-Your-Own was a really good deal. There is good variety on the toppings, cheese, sauces and buns to choose from. My turkey patty was huge - it was overflowing out of the English muffin. Some plusses: the service was really, really excellent. One of the best servers I've ever had. Also, while we were waiting for our table, the owner/manager came around and offered everyone samples of margarita. Since I'm pregnant and couldn't try the sample, he said I got a free milkshake. After we were seated and he was walking around, he made sure our server knew that he had offered a free milkshake and made good on the promise! That was so cool. I left totally stuffed and very satisfied.
5	Mmm, who knew burgers can be made with crow?  Last time here, our experience was scuttled by a longer-than-quoted-wait and an indifferent hostess.  This time around, the wait was fine, and the (new) hostess was doing it all to make sure she kept the line moving - even busing tables.  And that left us free to concentrate on the food, and realize what we had missed last time in our grumpiness.The sweet potato fry sauce is the best I've ever had.  The burgers are very, very tasty.  And the service is very good.  The owner saw that we were unhappy last time and went out of his way to take care of that.  I respect that, and good customer service means a lot to me.  We'll be back.
4	First I will tell the good , most important, the burgers were awesome! Lots of choices. The bad, the staff, sorry. They were not awful but seemed so scattered. We didn't see our server much but saw a lot of other staff. 3 different people brought out our food. Also we had the living social deal that was 2 burgers 2 sides and 2 drinks. My friend never got his side and was too polite to say something so we all shared. Also people around us were complaining they didn't get their order right. We would go back but only if in the area, (we live in Gilbert) if we would have payed full price we would have made sure everyone got all their food. Would be 5 stars if they work out the staff stuff.
5	Great place! Healthier alternative for those of us who care what we eat. Sweet potato fries are delicious without added salt. Wait staff very attentive!
5	Last Thursday I met my girlfriend here for a drink and a late lunch.  We were having such a good time we ended up staying there for SIX HOURS!  It was the people working there that made it fun.  You can tell they like being there.  We sat with Lee, the owner, for a while at the bar.  He really knows what he is doing here.I guess that is why I keep going back.andy gervase
5	We had our second burger there on Saturday night. Both times my burger was cook right to temperature and was delicious. My wife enjoyed the bar, and the service was great. I recommend showing up during non rush hours becuase it was packedthe first time we went and we had to wait for a table. They have lots of happy hour specials and gropons to get the cost down. The prices are a little high, but this is typical for the gourmet burger places like Lush and Blue Burger.
5	Really good burgers with a great staff and top notch service too.  The build-your-own burger is a must with so many options. You should check-out the Happy Hour (3:30-6:30) also. Been here twice now and despite the 20 minute drive, we will be back!
4	After trying this place 2 times I can finally do a review....  I tried the Peanut butter burger the first time, Sonora burger, which to me is a knife and fork burger... It was ok, not what I was expecting.  I was hoping to be wowed by it since it got an award.  I am a fan of peanut butter also, but it did not have a flavor I would care for to have again?The second time I had the volcano burger, something like that...It is an Indulge only item...Might as well have something no one else makes.  It has American, liquid cheese in the meat and it was advised I cut it before I bite into it or you will have burning liquid cheese all over you.  This burger only comes medium well with the cheese goo inside.  Ended up being a knife and fork burger unless you like hot liquid cheese all over your hands.  I do like the buns, fresh and soft bread, I used the bread to soak up the liquid cheese goo from the burger.Also shared some chili cheese fries and nothing fancy, normal chili cheese, on the larger side, we shared it with four people.  Unfortunately none of the food items really are a must have and that I must get into my car and drive an hour to have an Indulge burger.....I wish this was the case, I will take a road trip for a food craving.....So that is my review of the food, overall I could get the same food at Red Robin or Five guys by my house, 5 minute drive versus an hour.So why the 4 stars?  If I lived closer I would stop for lunch, if I was craving a burger since the staff at the Scottsdale location seemed very pleasant and the Owner was there.  He cares about his company and his customers, if Lee ever opens up an Indulge burger in Surprise I will be there to support local business men like him.  He seems to genuinely care about customer satisfaction.
4	Indulge Burgers is a fairly successful implementation of the "design your own burger" genre, of which Slater's 50/50 in the Los Angeles area is the prototype.  At Indulge Burgers, you fill in a form indicating what type of meat you want on your burger, what type of bread, cheeses, condiments, etc.  The smallest burger is 1/2 pound and costs $9.99, unless you choose to up the price by adding bacon or one of the other "premium" toppings.  There are the usual sides -- the onion strings are the best -- and a few specials such as a patty melt, briscut sliders, and pulled pork.On the plus side, service is good, the food is well prepared, and the ingredients are of good quality.On the negative side, the bread choices are all mediocre and get soggy (whatever happened to a grilled or toasted bun, for example?), the fries and sweet potato fries were none too fresh, and the atmosphere is non-existent.Still, in the end, the food is good enough so that if you crave a burger better than what you can get at a fast food place, this is probably your best choice in Scottsdale.
4	We made our first visit a couple of weeks ago and rated the food above average. The choices of toppings are extensive, the quality of beef is good and ours was well-cooked. They also have some interesting milkshakes to choose from, and the fries basket was very generous. The place is small but we didn't have to wait long to be seated when we arrived at 6:30 on a Friday night.
3	It was a few months ago that we visited Indulge, I must say I wasn't as impressed as I was hoping to after reading waves and seeing shows on TV, everything was just an average. No reservations, so you either come early or prepare to wait during the peak time. Our wait time was about 20mins on a Saturday night, wasn't too bad. Service was decent. The only thing I had remembered to be so good was the sweet potato fries, and with the sweet caramel sauce! It was my first try of sweet potato fries with such a sweet sauce, but it was delicious!! The chili was alright, wasn't so warm when it came out, and the burger was a-ok. I'd prefer Delux for a better experience and food.It seems there are many groupon deals for Indulge, if you are in the area and are in the mood for a burger, with the groupon deal, why not come in and check it out?
5	Thanks Yelp.  We had a quick stay in Scottsdale and were looking for a place to bring kids that we would like. This was a great find.  Great little place i would not have found without YELP
5	I frequent Indulge and have always been happy.  I never realized what the "& more" part of their name meant until last week.  As often as I go there I did not know they had a catering menu.  I had a small family gathering at my home.  I usually cook or someone brings pizza.  This time we ordered from Indulge.  We did the sliders, wings, salad and appetizers.  Even the leftovers are great.  If I lived closer I would probably eat there every night.
5	I think you all know that we love this restaurant, however what you don't know is that they do an awesome job catering food for parties. My husband's company had an outing for all our customers and what a great eating fest was had by all who attended. 4 boxes of burgers and 4 dozen sliders disappeared in no time, not to mention the appetizers that people couldn't get enough of. Everyone was asking who did the food. And dessert was a huge hit. What can I say except Indulge Burgers will be catering all our functions from now on, for personal and business.
3	This is a typical build your burger restaurant. Service was good, the food was okay, and the prices were expensive. I wouldn't necessarily go here unless I had a Yelp Deal. I highly recommend the brioche bun, the wheat buns are really dry. The pastrami sliders were also legit as were the fried dill pickle chips.If you like spending $15 or more on burgers this is the place for you.
5	An excellent burger joint with a lot of other offerings.I love a great burger.  Unfortunately most places overcook them and nobody else offers all the options that this place does.  The menu is unique in that you build your burger with dozens of options from the plate up.  I was going to say from the bun up, but you can even get it as a salad or lettuce wrap if you prefer no bun.The options range from the typical cheddar and bacon, through interesting things like cranberries, various sweet and tangy sauces, and excellent alternative cheese options.  The garlic aioli combined with the horseradish mayo is awesome.Sides go from the usual fries to some excellent house garlic-parmesan chips and sweet potato fries.  There is a full bar and a decent selection of non-generic beers available.The owner is usually milling about talking to customers and helping the staff work.
4	First of all, can Yelp afford to give 1/2 stars?  The better question is, why CAN'T Yelp(!) afford 1/2 stars?  I might have given the extra 1/2 star, but for no reason at all, Yelp won't allow me that option.  I cannot believe that.  Of course Yelp must think this page is perfect and cannot be interrupted.  I disagree.I finally made it to Indulge and let me just say, I indulged.  Whoa.  The visuvio burger was great.  Moist, a damned good burger.  {Note to self: a few criticisms: 1)wheat bun wasn't good.  It's tough and not tasty.  Ok, next time I'll try another kind of bun but the wheat bun wasn't "my bad choice", it was just bad.2) if I order mushrooms on the burger, who said I wanted mushrooms on the side?  Mustard, ketchup, mayo...same thing.  Ordered it, wanted it, PUT IN ON THE DAMNED BURGER!!!   I want it ON THE BURGER!   But that's just me.  I could be wrong.}What DID impress me the most here wasn't even the burger I was eating.  It was what the guy next to me was eating.  Seriously.  Here I was, eating a really immense burger, juicy, delicious but what kept catching my eye was the Salmon Salad the guy was eating next to me.  And it didn't help that he was savoring EVERY SINGLE BITE..And a joint that's friendly, clean (very), can do a fabulous gigumbo burger...AND a delicious looking Salmon Salad, that's a good joint.I say thumbs up~!!!!
5	Going back tonight for more yummie goodness.
5	I have gone back several times now. The beer is cold, the staff is friendly and it is one of the few burgers my grandson will eat. Good place. I think I must have originally hit them when they were new and working out the kinks.
4	The place is well managed and its owner cares.  He'd once owned the 5&Diner chain in the valley here, so good old fashion experience is at work here.  I can see a few Indulge Burgers dotted around our valley one day.We had burgers, fries, hot wings, and mac & cheese.  The beef was just okay and seemed over worked and could have used a bit of seasoning.  I ordered our burgers medium rare, but both came out well; so that was a little disappointing.  Well done burgers aren't a deal breaker, but just not as pleasurable to me.  Our fries were hot and very good.  The mac & cheese was good and not overcooked the way most serve it, though it did need salt.  It was very bland before adding a little salt, so keep this in mind if you try it.I have to say though, each time I've tried the wings, they were not so good.  They taste twice cooked and have what I describe as a "refrigerator taste".  I'd later found out that they bake them halfway and refrigerate till ordered.  The cooks pull out handfuls to be quickly fried the rest of the way and serve them up as fresh.  The bones have white spots as anyone who's reheated wings at home the next day has experienced.  The wings were dry and overcooked, so I frankly wouldn't order them expecting wings such as you get at Rehab Burger Therapy (which are freaking awesome).  The hot sauce was your standard Franks hot sauce and nothing special.  I had hoped for something a bit more homemade and spicier, but hey.I'd only suggest that they go a little further in keep things fresh and improve what they are currently doing, because garnishing with limp hot lettuce, a single soggy pickle, and sprinkling carrot shavings is neither necessary nor edible.The owner whom you may get to meet and are free to ask for should you so wish, and their wait staff were just great.  They are good reasons for returning.  The bars specials are well thought out and tailored to local tastes.  Perfect pours and quick refills are the norm.  So my main grips were seasoning (fixable my anyone at the table), overcooked burgers (training through experience rectification), and only 1 star reduction for what I dub wing wrong (say that 5x fast).  I'd honestly give Indulge 4 out of 5 hopeful stars.
3	Stopped by here for lunch after buying a groupon 12 for 20.The restaurant inside was very modern looking and chill could be a fun place to hang out potentially.I ended up getting a grilled cheese with a side of sweet potato fries and red velvet cake since I wanted to use the entire group deal.The grilled cheese was real cheesy and good my only qualm was the bread.  Their multi-grain bread was a little over powering taste wise.The red velvet cake got somewhat contaminated by the pickle and grilled cheese in the box above it so I really didn't get a true taste for it.Prices seem a bit steep, but inline with the general area.I would likely go here with friends or coworkers if it was suggested, but I don't see going here again solo.
3	Wow can we say overpriced $13 for a burger!!  At least it was a large burger, large enough to have left over's. I just ordered there classic/ original cheese burger, the burger it self was good but definitely not worth $13. I ordered it to go and was a little upset that they did not ask if I wanted it with condiments as I had just moved into a new place and did not have any. So not only did I pay an outrageous amount for a hamburger but I had to eat it dry, not the best experience.
4	The ambiance is very hip and modern but casual.  Flat screens are all around the bar area but not too noisy.  The food is good and I like the concept of choosing your own protein (more than just beef), bread (brioche was delicious), toppings (lots to choose) and the condiments.  Their salad selection is limited but very good and the portions are large.  Service was prompt and friendly.  Look for some Yelp coupons when they are offered. They do have daily specials such as a pitcher of draft beer for $5 on Sundays, happy hours 3-630p. Got there on a Sunday evening (7p). It was busy but no wait.
1	Very disappointing with food and service. Ordered their standard burger and server delivered us the wrong plates. Drop and run without asking us for anything else or describing the dish. After we switched plates I had ordered MR and came out M-MW but moreover the meat was just really bland and void of flavor. The burger had like a 1/4 head of lettuce on it too I guess to give it a vertical volume perception. Server never said what the red lumpy sauce on the side was either and when I finally had to call him over to ask if it had sugar in it as I'm diabetic he said no but it sure tasted as if it did. The worst part was some server dumped ketchup all down the back of my shirt and then just walked away leaving me there with a huge red splatter on my back. She literally just walked away. About a minute later a girl comes by and says "someone will be by to clean you off in a little bit." What!?!?!? Now I understand that mistakes will happen but to leave me hanging there like that and just walk away was not cool. No manager visit and no apology from anyone about the spill or ruining my shirt. What really pissed me off though, was the gaggle of servers who gathered near the soda machine and all started laughing and giggling about my misfortune. That was seriously not cool. Of course no manager visit as no manager was seen and the service in this restaurant reflects that lack of leadership. Crappy service and bland food - will never return.
4	Let me start of by saying do no be afraid of the prices!! Yes it is a bit steep for "just a burger" (as some of my comrades like to say) but it is much more than that, it is an experienceAt Indulge you are able to try a number of combinations that you would never of even thought of combining on your own. They provide the opportunity to try something that you probably never have had nor ever will have again. With that being said, if paying nearly $15 for a burger is still hard to swallow for some of you there are always groupons and living social deals floating around....so fear not all you couponing maniacs :pI wish I could give a play by play to what we had but for this review my number one tip is "GO FOR IT!" Whether you try something completely out of the ordinary or stick with the classics you will not be disappointed.All in all the vast ability to customize a great tasting burger with an upbeat atmosphere made for a great night.
5	food is always good! im a fan of their wings, and happy hour!  they have sleepy dog red rover on tap and the servers are always ready to help with anything!  burgers are huge, so when i order one i expect to have leftovers, i was unsure at first because of the price, but soon realized that the portions, service, and quality all made it a smokin deal! not to mention, they always have deals on here and groupon that make it even more affordable!
3	OK. The owner contacted me and was rather disconcerted about my one star rating and review. He should genuine interest in ameliorating the problem and expressed thanks for my review information to help him do so. He seems to be an owner who really does care and doesn't just discount a review as "some idiot out there" as many owners do. I raised the review from 1 to 3 stars because of his pro-activeness. He offered for me to come in when he was working to discuss the matter further. I will probably go back in again and amend the score if it warrants.
5	If your looking for something off the dollar menu...sorry, you came to the wrong spot!If your looking for an AWESOME, mouth-watering, big as yo' face, gourmet burger...then this is the place for you!!!! The burgers are fit for a King... or a Queen, like myself  :DIndulge has a great menu from fried pickles, fresh salmon salad, onion strings or sweet potato fries, and of course the burgers!  They have some pre-combination burgers for you to choose from or if you want to get crafty with your burger you can build your own!I feel the best part of the build your own burger is the unique sauces, from my boyfriends favorite rajun cajun sauce and my go-to spicy sour cream sauce. I love to mix up my burger combination choices whenever I'm at Indulge and I can never go wrong, its always delish!!Besides the food, the staff is very friendly and attentive.  Not to mention the owner is always in the restaurant, making sure everyones experience is nothing but the best!!
5	Grabbed the groupon to change it up after eating (great) ethnic food all week.. I walked in to a sports pub-like atmosphere, taking the very last bar stool open in a full bar centered amidst an almost packed dining area. Menu: The Sonoramo (sp?) Special.. A 2/3lb Vesuvious beef patty topped with fried onion straws, lettuce, bacon and PEANUT BUTTER. Boom..  Picture worthy (posted) burger presents itself. Promptly devoured between small talk with the neighbors. Woww who knew peanut butter had so much talent? A+ and the fries were prettay good as well.  So I'm obviously running high on endorphins at this point and I went ahead and filled out a custom burger order for a 1/2lb Kobe beef patty done Medium in a lettuce wrap with bacon, avocado, fried egg and cactus ranch sauce. Another A+  Hats off to a great burger spot that has an incredible variety of good foods and quality ingredients.
5	Fantastic food, Fantastic service and the place is spotless!!! This is my new burger hangout!!!
4	The food was great. Build your own burger is the way to go....so many options!  The fried pickles were delicious too. The only complaint, and it's a big one, is the patio chairs are way friggin too small for the tables. Seriously, I felt like a 6 year old at the grown ups table, and I'm 6'4".   I'm eating inside next time.
3	I visited Indulge yesterday with some family for a nice evening and good food.Service was just "okay", but we really enjoyed the restaurant's concept and the level of control we had over the taste of our burgers. Here's how it works:Upon being seated, you are given a checklist of ingrediants that allows you to customize every detail of your burger. For example, everyone at my table chose a different type of bun - and I even chose to have my (veggie) burger placed over a salad as opposed to ordering a bun at all.The food took a litle while to come out, but it was worth it. The portions are massive (I got a to-go box) which justifies the high prices.---The Bar After my meal I sat at the bar to finish watching the Sunday Night Football game on one of their two televisions. The bar was full and kinda crammed. Hard to hold a private conversation. I wasn't really expecting them to even have a bar, so it was cool to see that they were playing the Cardinals game on TV. The happy hour prices are pretty good depending on what day of the week you go. And their beer selection is local, with Four Peaks and Sleepy Dog options.Though I wouldn't ever suggest going to this place exclusively to watch a game or have a beer, it's nice to know that it's an option whenever you come to grab a good burger.
1	My girlfriend does not eat gluten so we decided to try Indulge for lunch as they had a very extensive gluten free menu. I had every intention on buying a carnivore burger, however decided to try a veggie burger instead. If the name of the restaurant has "BURGER" in it, I am assuming a burger of the veggie variety would be fine as well. I even asked the server if it was a good veggie burger or if I should order something else, she said "We have VERY good veggie burgers...." Cough, riiiiight.  Our server was very prompt and friendly and suggested, if we were going to order fries off the gluten free menu, we should do so early as they take longer to prepare, so we ordered them in advance(baked not fried).  She came back to take our actual order and not 3 minutes later brought out the fries before the burgers. Ok, a bit early, fine by me. The fries were soft in many places and burnt in others. I thought there were, "MEH", my girlfriend thought they were gross. A little while later my veggie burger was served! - a shriveled up cow-pie slapped between two buns with leaf of lettuce and onion perched on top. A pickle and some carrot shreds garnished the plate. The server saw my confused expression and said, "Oh we don't put anything on the veggie burger, but if you want some ketchup or mustard?" Seriously? No aioli? No spread? No hummus? or anything to damped down this dried up patty of cardboard?!  I ate half of it, primarily because it kept falling apart (nothing was used as a binder apparently), I had to eat it with a fork, but a spoon would have been better. It was so bad, I would have prefered one of those frozen Bocca or Morning Star veggie patties. For $9 it was such a joke. My girlfriend's gluten free burger was a $12 burger on a salad. She asked for guacamole and asked if she should write it on the "build your own burger" menu pad they give you. The server said, "nope I will remember." Guess who forgot the guac. Her burger looked lackluster and somehow a dill pickle on a salad seemed wrong. Frankly, I'd rather Indulge elsewhere.
4	There are so many burger options out there these days. Indulge is another player in the burger bonanza. Worthy player.First of all the atmosphere. On the corner of an upscale shopping center. A little small and cramped but looked pretty nice inside. We sat outside because we had our dog. They were very accommodating with our dog which always scores points with us.We had 2 large beers, shared 2 starter/sides, and each had a build your own burger. We started with the french fry/ onion string combo and fried pickles. All were very tasty. I could honestly just be happy with these fried pieces of heaven and a beer. My husband loved his burger. Said the beef was tasty and cooked perfectly well. Portion was enormous and after eating all the sides he could only finish half.My burger on the other hand, was just okay. I ordered the black bean burger. My burger was huge as well, but in this case bigger is NOT better. The black bean patty was too big so it was mushy inside. I think if they made the burger a little thinner and crispier it would have made a big difference. The bun and the toppings were really good. I love the wide and unique selection of toppings and sauces.Everything added up can get kind of pricey. A lot of money for burgers and beers. Almost $50. But they run a lot of specials, Groupons and good happy hours. They have nights when beers are only a couple bucks a piece. And their happy hour has half off appetizers. So if you plan it right it can be reasonable. We will be back... apps are amazing, service was great, and my husband adored his burger. I think I will give their mac n cheese a try next time.
5	This place is SO good and I am SO FULL! I visited this restaurant tonight and was very pleased overall.  They have good happy hour deals, great food, and AWESOME staff/service!  Everyone from my mother to my younger brother were happy with their plates and the staff is some of the friendliest I have ever met.  I will definitely be back soon.  :)
5	Consistent, cooked properly, good portions, friendly service. I don't need to be cute and witty with this place. It is simply one of the best burgers in the valley.
5	Best burger I've ever had! Great service and location.
5	Awesome gluten free selection! Delicious, not over seasoned and so filling. Highly recommend them.
5	Great burgers. I hope they are truthful, on the menu it states "humanely sustained beef."  Would be even better if it were organic grass fed, but one can dream. :o)  Usually prompt service, cute joint for a strip mall. However, a tad pricey for a burger, (ok, i do get the buffalo, and it's $14 or $15).  I most likely  wouldn't go here without a living social or groupon deal. But, luckily those are usually easy to find, and so I'm a regular here....
4	A fun dining experience! Good food! Something for everyone. Quality. Different. A new favorite.
4	Popular place on a Saturday night!  We were able to get a seat at the bar and that worked out perfect!  The bartenders were very friendly and the food was really good.  The turkey burger was great...no complaints and the fries were tasty too!
4	Finally a good Burger Place with other options and kid friendly during the days.  Nice Bar also for drinks.  If you want somewhere that truly has Gluten Free Options, not just Remove the Bread, Bun, or important items then you will want to try Indulge.  Create your Own Burgers, Great Flavor, the only problem?? You want to keep coming back for more!
3	Pretty good.  Wouldn't bring someone here to show it off.  Burgers okay, a little over-priced.
5	Wow...love the build your own burger concept..love even more that the quality of the burgers.  Ordered cheese fries and the wings, oh the wings were awesome.  Love the choices for the burger toppings and the service was great.
5	Great Burger, Great Service
5	Been meaning to try this place since moving to the area in June and finally got around to it. As some reviewers have mentioned the burgers can get expensive but it really depends on the meat and size you get. The basic 1/2 pound beef(oops posted wrong size. either way burger was big enough for me) is around 9. With all the toppings you can put on it it makes it bigger than what can fit in your mouth. Overall the burger was better than any burger I've had in the area. All the toppings were really fresh.In addition to getting the burger, we tried there half and half (french fries and onion straws). It was large enough fro two people to share.They have really good deals different days and happy hour is pretty good to. They have $5 pitchers on sundays of any beer on tap with .25 cent wings(haven't tried these but hard to find em at this price anymore) and half off appetizers which makes their fried pickles a great deal and they taste good.
2	Marshmallow sauce for the sweet potatoe fries was very unique. (Dessert with a meal)! I had the cheddar cheese burger.  Girlfriend had the grilled turkey. Both were OK, but it certainly doesn't match the quality of a Smashburger or Fuddruckers.  I'm glad I had the Yelp coupon-both meals for $20 with tip.  That was still overpriced for the quality. There are SO many REALLY GOOD burger places around for the prices they are asking.
5	Loved it! Create your own Burger!
4	If you like a good burger then check this place out. They have so many options that you can choose from to make your own burger. I am usually not a fan of sweet potato fries, but these ones come with a dipping sauce that is amazing.
4	Awesome place, so many good looking female servers and they had the one with the biggest chest cleaning the tables. :)  Perfect. My only complaint is that their Vesuvlus Volcanic burger was not hot at all. Tasted good but not Hot as advertised. It was so mild that  a Mexican would burst out laughing "Gringo, you call this hot"? LOLOLOLOL  "You gringo's need more lessons on how to make things hot and burning. $5 pitcher of landshark beer was good. Got me buzzed quick. I would go to this place again for the great hot view and the burgers. :)))))
5	First time trying Indulge BaM and my roommate and I really enjoyed it. Colton was our server and was awesome! Very friendly and super attentive, not annoyingly so.  I had a grilled chicken sandwich with blue cheese, baby greens and tomato on the brioche. Very high quality ingredients and they did not skimp on any of them! The chicken was awesome, right amount of char, the taste reminded me of chicken you'd get at a good old fashioned cowboy cookout (that's a good thing if you've never been to one). We split an order of sweet potato fries that came with buttery marshmallow dipping sauce. Really unique and tasty! It's a little bit pricey for casual food, but it IS high quality food so you really shouldn't feel ripped off. I had a Yelp Deal, so the whole meal, 2 sandwiches, order of fries and 2 drinks were $25 spent including a $7 tip. Now that's a deal! Will return for sure!One last side note... the restaurant was very clean, nice  simple yet modern decor, and the owner was there and seems like a genuinely nice guy, very smiley. :)
3	I thought my burger was dry.  Tasty sweet potato fries.  Good atmosphere and fun music.
4	Big portions and great food.  You must try their fried pickles...delish.
3	Food was good.service was good. Didn't like that with the build your own the ingredients came on the side and they forgot a few. Not sure we will go back.
3	I bought a $15.00 yelp voucher which was for $30.00 worth of food, so my boyfriend and I went Tuesday night and I ordered the Kobe burger with fries and he ordered the same thing as well (turned out to be $29.00 worth of food). The fries were pretty tasty, but the kobe burger was really dry. Everything else on the burger; the bun, onions, tomatoes, etc. was really good. Very Nice and busy atmosphere, which makes you think, "hey, this place must be really good!". Hold that thought for a moment though...The one and only thing that really bothered was that for a Burger and Fries joint, they don't have any ketchup or mustard bottles on the table! They give you a little a thing of ketchup on the side for your fries (just enough for your fries though), but that's it.Overall, the experience was good, but I was expecting more after reading such stellar reviews and seeing such amazing pictures of food on yelp... If I had another yelp voucher I would go back, but if not, I would rather just go to Islands Fine Burgers and Drinks.
4	Tried it out with our groupon for lunch. Everyone enjoyed their meal. Casual & lots of menu options.
5	OMG best burger joint ever and with that friendly neighborhood feel that makes you think you're back East. Get the sweet potato fries. They come with a sugary dip that is freaking redic. I like topping my burgers with herbed goat cheese, spinach and their creamy balsamic. So so good!! I can't wait to go again.
3	I went here for the first time last night with my husband and my friend (she has dined here multiple times).  Totally love it!  The fact that there are "adult milkshakes" guarantees that I will be back (Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough!).  The food was great.  I had the original cheeseburger with bacon, my husband had the Southwest Patty Melt.  I made the mistake of ordering Chili Cheese Fries, which was way too much food!  I left the restaurant in a food coma.  The reason for three stars is because we had to ask for utensils and had to look around for our server.  She was very sweet though!  Then we had to ask for the bill and it took awhile for them to get our cards back to us.  I will be back!  I myself have waited on the owner and his wife.  They are such nice people and have brought a wonderful restaurant to Scottsdale.  Always happy to help the local, small business owners.
4	Groupon introduced us to this joint several months ago.  Since then, I've continued to buy Groupons and visit....I can't believe they can stay open and offer such huge discounts.  This place is alway very busy, so be prepared for a bit of a wait if you come during peak dinner hours....5-7:30 pm.  Also, I'd recommend asking for a free standing table instead of the bench seated "community" tables because those tables are pretty close together and you won't have any privacy.Some menu items we've ordered are:Vesuvius Burger, $12.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=jJ909hC-XqZDXPv-1kFXow#jJ909hC-XqZDXPv-1kFXowChicken Wings, $8.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=OrF_EvFDVGxE3ddqKtGXyw#OrF_EvFDVGxE3ddqKtGXyw1/2 Fries, 1/2 Onion Strings, $5http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=6y07slzhlZ4zTfxvR2QXkQ#6y07slzhlZ4zTfxvR2QXkQSliders, $7.95 for 2....$3.50 for ea extrahttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=12gc2N1b90utvafur4OwZg#12gc2N1b90utvafur4OwZghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=Jw8uFL4H3eNqSAclbCitbg#Jw8uFL4H3eNqSAclbCitbgCheeseburger, $9.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=YJWvGjFTpcofzXnLakslNQ#YJWvGjFTpcofzXnLakslNQSonoran Burger, $13.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=3D5FpjhS4PIZ91D5e7u63g#3D5FpjhS4PIZ91D5e7u63gTurkey Burger, $9.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/indulge-burgers-and-more-scottsdale?select=BYH2HY6p7wKgo49a3LX24A#BYH2HY6p7wKgo49a3LX24ABy far, the best items on the menu are the Sonoran Burger, Vesuvius Burger, and the Wings.  A Vesuvius Burger is two patties of Beef stuffed with the Cheese inbetween the 2 so that the Cheese gets cooked/melted in the middle.  A Sonoran Burger is the same as a Vesuvius with the addition of Peanut Butter on top.....and that's what makes it so good, yum!  You have to be careful on your first bite though because the Cheese is piping hot and it will burn the hell out of your mouth!The Wings are a suprise....they're pretty good, above average.The rest of the menu are specialty Burgers or  you can create your own with select toppings, etc.  It's a pretty cool setup.The servers are usually pretty friendly and attentive.  However, when they get really busy, service will slow down a bit.Return Factor - 85%
3	Indulge Burger is a fun place to stop & grab a bite.They are a dog friendly place, with water bowls outside in the patio area.  We first started coming here when a coupon appeared in our mail box, and we've been back every few months.  The food is generally good and they have a wide degree of choices.  The sweet potato fries, onion strings, and the garlic chips are great.  The burgers are in the $10 to $14 dollar range.  But they are very large one half of pound burgers.  That's why it important to remember to check for coupons before you come.  I just noticed after posting the above review that there is a current "Yelp Deals -- $15 for $30 Deal at Indulge Burgers & More"
3	My husband and I came here for lunch the other day after we had heard some good things from co-workers. I feel like this place is trying to be a hip and gourmet burger joint - sort of like Delux Burger - but falls short. The location is decent and I like all the windows. The color scheme is blue and there's plenty of burger artwork inside. However, the inside seems a little cramped. You definitely have to do some maneuvering to get to a table all the way in the back of the restaurant (or the restrooms). There are plenty of tables and a short booth section, but then there are screens than hang from ceiling to floor and that makes it even more difficult to navigate. Lucky for us, we sat all the way in the back and had to do some fancy dancing to get back there. The waitress was nice and attentive. She answered any questions I had about the burgers and was quick to take our order. They have a lunch special for $9.95. This includes a burger (or sandwich), fries, and a drink. You have to choose from a list of burgers/sandwiches, but they have a wide variety. I thought about getting the chicken or veggie sandwich, but went with the standard classic - cheeseburger. I ordered sweet potato fries and since it comes with a drink, received an ice tea. My husband ordered almost the same, but got regular fries instead. Our food came rather quickly and looked good. The patty was a little thinner than my husband normally likes, but compared to some places it was decently sized. The flavor was good - tasted meaty and no real spices. I liked the cheese they used, real cheddar cheese, and I think this was my favorite part of the burger. My husband didn't really care for his burger, wishing it had more flavor. His fries were okay - nothing special. However, I really liked my sweet potato fries, which came with a cinnamon marshmallow sauce. The sauce, I didn't really care for. It was waaay too sweet and looked unappetizing.  Overall, I don't know if we'd come back for lunch, unless we were in the area. The happy hour looked decent and I do love an adult milkshake (or just a chocolate malt!) so I might come back to try. I might not indulge with burgers, but I definitely can try with dessert!
4	I went to Indulge with five friends after our Saturday CrossFit workout for a little protein and we all came away very happy.I love the ability to customize the burger with pretty much whatever you want on it via their pads with all the options; you simply check the items you want. You can view the options at the Indulge Burgers web site - just click the "Menu" menu option and select "Do It Yourself". You can also choose from their selection of "pre-built" burgers. They have other options on the menu such as salmon, grouper, fish tacos, pulled pork as well as some veggie options. No one in our group tried any of those.I ordered a customized version of the Vesuvius burger and had it wrapped in lettuce. I selected the premium cheddar, mayo, mustard, ketchup, grilled onions, pepperoncini, roasted peppers and honey cured bacon. They warn you that the cheese in the Vesuvius burger is hot (temperature, not spicy as another review alluded) and they aren't kidding, so consider yourself warned. When it arrived, the burger was placed in between multiple triangular pieces of lettuce which were sufficiently strong to hold my burger and its toppings. As someone who eats the majority of his burgers on lettuce, this was a nice touch as at so many places the single piece of lettuce isn't enough to keep the meat from falling through. The ketchup, mustard and mayo were served on the side. While some may not like this, I personally like being able to put on as much or as little as I like.The burger was delicious. On the first bite a good bit of the cheese in the middle squirted out the side. Fortunately most of it stayed on my plate, so I was able to eat it. Some ended up on my hand (and it was hot as advertised!), some sadly ended up on the table. Not sure if there's any way to prevent it from "leaking" but be sure to take that first bite over your plate! The burger was juicy and I can't tell if it was because of the cheese in the middle or the meat itself and I'll have to try another burger without the cheese in the middle and compare. In addition to being juicy it had great flavor - all my toppings combined to make each bite outstanding. Some burger purists may say you don't need toppings but to me the melding of all the flavors is more important.For a group of six of us we ordered three orders of sweet potato fries (although only five of use ate them). We probably could have gotten by with two since we ended up with leftovers. The cinnamon marshmallow dipping sauce is good, but since we're all sugar/carb conscious and it's loaded with sugar we all ate it sparingly. The fries themselves were crisp and good enough to eat without sauce.The service is where I took off one star. The good parts of the service were that our server was very knowledgeable about their gluten free options which were important as one member of our group is extremely sensitive to gluten. Our drinks were refilled fairly often (a good thing) except for the first round of refills which took a little too long. I freely admit this is a minor quibble. The other knock was that once we'd paid the bill we had trouble getting a server's attention for a box and get us some change for a twenty. Again, this is not a huge deal.The decor, one of my least important things in a restaurant, was nice. It's open, there's not a lot of privacy and it can be a bit loud but your'e there to eat a burger, so who cares?I'll definitely be going back.
5	Wow, the food is amazing, the service great.   Very imaginative options to customize your burger including homemade sauces you won't find anywhere else.  The bar is good but I wouldn't mind seeing a Pub Ale on tap.  You won't walk away without a smile on your face.
3	I had the Kobe burger with fries and it was really just okay. There was way too much lettuce on it such that the flavor of lettuce overpowered the beef. Not something you want when you're eating Kobe beef. So I removed some lettuce but was still not wow'd. And for $15+ for a burger I hope for better.
5	Just a quick note to let everyone know what kind of person Lee Klein (owner) is....I had seven $100 gift cards in my nightstand at home.  Then, on Jan. 15, 2013 my home burned to the ground and I lost everything.  The other day I ate at Indulge and when Lee found this out he replaced all seven cards without batting an eye.  So, good food and great people.  It does not get better than that.  I strongly encourage everyone to support this restaurant.
5	This is a fun place with a varied, creative menu.  Laura and her staff were very friendly, efficient and provided great customer service.  The restaurant was totally packed and they did a good job in getting people seated in a timely manner.  The patio is a decent size and people were having a good time.  As usual the food was great!!!  They serve the sweet fries with a "marshmallow " dipping sauce that is delicious & decadent!  I would definitely recommend Indulge!
4	I eat here at least twice a month. Love that I can get a burger (and not protein style) and still be gluten free. I love the build your own with the Kobe beef. Baked fries for that yen that needs to be filled. Good skinny margaritas too!
4	Went there on Saturday night with a Yelp coupon just to try the place.  It's a nice place--clean and attractive.  Ordered the pastrami/burger which came with cole slaw.  Also an order of half sweet potato fries/half regular, and the plain mac and cheese. We also had the two beef slider type burgers.  The pastrami burger was very good cooked just right.  The coleslaw needed a bit a seasoning perhaps a little more salt and definitely some pepper.  The fries were served with ketchup AND... are you ready for this?  Melted marshmallow sauce.  Too sweet and please lose this sauce!!!!  Perhaps a balsamic type of sauce would have complemented the sweet potato fries.  The sliders were good served with a pickle, grilled onions and lettuce and tomato.  The Mac and Cheese was elbow macaroni with some yellow cheese sauce.  I think a 7 year old would have liked it.  Not being 7 and being a good cook, I can only give the mac & cheese a 3 out of 10.  (I make mine from scratch with sharp cheddar, etc, etc... I can't tell you what else because then I would be giving away my recipe).  I would encourage the owner to have some bread crumbs put on top of the mac & cheese  and then put it in a broiler to bubble.  I think this will give it a less "Kraft mac and cheese" impression.  Our waiter was amazing, attentive to our water glasses being filled at all times.  The owner was there being charming with everyone there and even paying attention to all the cute babies (They were noiseless babies, thank G--d !) Basically we enjoyed our food and will definitely be back.
4	Good service, delish burger! Oh and some solid beer as well- no complaints here.
5	The best turkey burger with lettuce wraps!!  Good customer service and above all just good burgers and fries!!
4	My boyfriend purchased a Yelp deal not too long ago and we went for dinner. I had been before but he hadn't. I'm never disappointed with their food.Apparently they were running a Groupon deal and it was the last day to cash in, so the place was packed like a can of sardins. We found a spot at the bar and ordered a couple of brewskis. Considering how busy they were on like a random Tuesday night the service wasn't bad. But it was obvious the bartender was busting his ass. A sweaty bartender is always a little awkward. Ya dig?
3	So being that we are burger junkies, when we visited Arizona we had to try a burger joint. We searched Yelp and came across this place. We decided to try it on our way back from Scottsdale and was a little underwhelmed. The delicious pictures and raving reviews didn't hold it down for us.We both built our own burgers and went with a side of cheese fries. The burgers were good and very filling, but they were crazily messy. The bread was soggy and broke off within a few bites. The amount of toppings you can throw on is a huge plus and the cheese fries were average. Service was average. Our server was nice enough to let us use a coupon but he was a little spaced out the entire time. Also when we went it was filled with children so you can take the kiddos here for a good eat as well.
3	Came here on a whim for a Monday lunch. Coffee Swirl adult shake was awesome, kind of like a mudslide but better (read: more whipped cream). The chili cheese fries are spectacular, and the burger was very good. I hada build your own with beef, brioche bun, BBQ sauce, bacon, and a fried egg. Docked them a star because they forgot my cheese. Also docking a star because I think burgers that cost more than $10 should be served on a platinum platter and the waitress should gently massage my scalp and upper back while I stuff my face. Overall though, a pretty good spot for lunch.
5	Ordered a pastrami burger and the pastrami was fresh, moist and not too salty. My brother had the bison burger and my friend ordered the black bean veggie burger. All of the food was really tasty, there wasn't too much food so we felt like we had to waste it, but there was just enough for us to feel stuffed. I brought my dog with me and when they seated us, they put down a fresh bowl of water and asked if they could give him an Iams dog biscuit. Best lunch place ever!Only drawback was the price. It's a bit on the pricey side.
3	The first time I walked in here, it was crowded.  Not wanting to wait for a table, I decided to simply get a Sonora burger to go.  It was decent; the cheese-filled patty was unique and kept the meat nice and moist.I recently had a chance to dine in and build my own burger.  Now that the dust has settled, I realize that Indulge Burger is not that great.There was nothing wrong with the toppings on my burger.  No, the problem was more the burger itself.  You see, this was my first meal after running a marathon earlier in the day, and I was ready to stuff my face with protein.  I had an appetite, and I was thirsty.Would have been nice to have a high quality non-alcoholic beverage that evening.  Every respectable burger joint has something good to drink, whether it is the local Sonoran Root Beer that Delux and The Grind serve, or the blackberry peach lemonade at Zinburger, or even Diablo Burger's bottled Cokes.  Indulge Burger?  Pepsi products.  Lame.I ordered my burger medium rare, as usual.  And because I was so hungry, I went with the 2/3 pounder.  I figured after burning 4,000 Calories in one day, I deserved it.  But what I got was 2/3 pound of well-done, dry beef that becomes even more difficult to break down when your saliva reserves have already been long exhausted.  It was like eating a sponge with nice toppings.I ordered fries, but the burger had already sucked me dry, so those fries were about as easy to eat as cotton balls.  It certainly didn't help that they were just not very good, with no special seasonings or anything.  For a burger joint as popular as this, they really need to do something about their fries.  Luckily, the bartender saw that I barely touched them, and took them off my bill without even being asked.  Perhaps he realized how boring they are.  Whatever the reason, this earned them an extra star.When you compare this place to the other great burgers of the Phoenix Metro area, you'll notice that the price is the same, but the food just does not measure up.  The Sonora burger is worth trying once, but even that is a little bit of a gimmick.  I'll take a properly cooked, succulent meat patty over a cheese-filled and peanut butter-topped novelty any day of the week.
5	Great burger 5 stars.. 1 star for the onion rings and the service.  Better luck next time.
5	We love going to "Lee's Place." He knows how to make his diners happy. He always greets us with his warm personality and happy smile making us feel comfortable with our dining experience. His burgers are excellent. My favorite is the Turkey Burger with the cranberries. I didn't know something so healthy could be so good. I highly recommend his place because you will always have a great experience eating there!
3	The original cheeseburger is excellent, veggie sandwich is ok, fries are ehhhh, onion strings were good.  This place has good daily specials and I would definitely like to try more burgers and I want to try the chilli next time I am near there.
3	Neat atmosphere. We went with the pulled pork and turkey burger. Pulled pork was tough and almost too spicy. I expected the turkey burger to be as high quality as their regular burger. But nope, processed patty :/ Fries and sweet potato fries were pretty standard. Buns were good. We also got burger sliders and those were great! So if you go, stick to a burger :)
5	Excellent service! Marshmallow sauce with sweet potato fries is a must!
5	Awesome food!!
5	Great service, the food was served quickly and was very good.  Waiter was attentive without being intrusive.  Will definitely go back again.
5	The restaurant was really cool. There was a little bit of a wait but it was definitely worth it. My burger and fries were delicious!
5	Goddam their burgers are great!  I had the chili cheeseburger. I was a bit skeptic because it was an open face burger but I loved every bit of it.  This place prides on customizing the burger that fits your needs.  I was able to customize my fries as well. Most restaurants put unnecessary salt in their food which I hate.  Their chili on that burger taste just like some home made chili.  The food was not salty and everything was cooked right.  If I wasn't on a diet I would be fat all over again by eating this divine food.  I would recommend Jesus to eat a burger here.  LOL
4	Wings are to die for - well cooked, not breaded, and the indulge sauce is addictive.  Perfect!  Wasn't a fan of the romain vs better greens in the Salad burger, and the canned Pineapple was a a turn off for sure.  But the wings... the wings!
2	Good service, clean resturant. Skip the garden salad. The burger was mediocre at best.
1	Horrible. Truly one of the worst burgers I've ever eaten. Tasteless and over priced.  Paper thin bacon. Nothing impressive. The fries were good, but not hot. The burger was over cooked and came out of the kitchen way to fast, I've had fast food burgers take longer to get. Makes me wonder? No return visit for me.
5	My mouth is watering, thinking about these delicious burgers. My girlfriend and I ordered the Kobe and bison, split them and we were in heaven. Their house sauce is great, the burger was cooked exactly to order and I was quite happy. They were crazy busy, so we took a spot outside to avoid the wait. The patio atmosphere is just as nice as inside, industrial feel with metal tables, chairs, etc. Waiter was super attentive and it made for a great burger experience.
4	Indulge burger is so good.  They serve plenty of food and it is good too.  Service most of the time is good, but the last time we went there it seemed like they were short handed or something.  Food took longer than usual, most of the time service is great.
5	My boyfriend and I discovered Indulge about a year ago and had been happy regulars ever since. GREAT food, fresh, nice service, the perfect place for casual yet healthy custom choices in beef, chicken, or veggie burgers. No other place like it. Imagine our dismay and sadness when we headed over last night and found the place shut down, furniture gone, no "we moved" signs on the door. Just gone. We read about it after we Googled the place to see what happened. We STILL don't understand. Read the farewell letter from Lee on their FB page, but it doesn't make any reason clear. So very sad. We ended up at the Z-Tejas on Shea....a poor substitute for Indulge. WHAT HAPPENED?????Major restaurant loss for the area. PLEASE COME BACK!!!!! :D
5	I love this place! The food is fabulous and the staff is incredible. They make you feel like part of the  family when you sit down to eat! I recommend the burgers, salads, Mac and cheese, pickle chips and of course the chicken! So fun and fresh!
1	Another Groupon casualty.  We went there to have dinner the other day and saw that it was closed.  That's too bad.  I think Groupon did them in...they always had deals out there, how could they make any profits?Return Factor - 0%
5	Quite sad really.  They were always crowded but for how good the food was, they could have charged more.  WAY more.  Especially because I know they accepted barter money from other companies which lowered their profit margins and screwed up their cash flow.  Their burgers were amazing but what I'll really miss are their sweet potato fries and marshmallow creme dipping sauce.  Basically now every time I eat a hamburger/fries I do an involuntary comparison to Indulge and it ruins the other food every time.  I will never have a better burger ever.
3	I guess I'm not too surprised the place closed - the burgers were good, but not great.  And we always seemed to experience misleading wait times designed to keep me from going elsewhere.However, those sweet potato fries and marshmallow sauce - I just need to recreate that at home - those were really good.
1	Pass! One of the most tasteless burgers I've eaten. Overpriced for what I received. I've had better at fast food. Not worth it.
4	So good! Had the chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries and brown sugar dipping sauce. The price is really reasonable for how big the portions are. I went back and got the sliders and they were so good!
