4	I have been waiting to get in here and did yesterday. Great location, cool designgreat staff. The menu looks really good, crispiest fried pickles I have ever had, strong but tasty horseradish sauce on the side.The Ruben I had was a disappoint though.I think the menu lists pastrami not corned beef, this would make it a "Rachel". In either case  pastrami / corned beef is a made from brisket ... tough and chewy, therefore it needs to be shaved super thin... alas mine was close to 1/4 thick very tough and the bread was not well griddled .. makiing it very messy.... For some reason  the sandwich ( no side) comes on a very small plateso there is no room to set the thing down once you start eating and juice fills the small plates surface....  I found out that it is part of the whiskey warehouse group .. one of my favs so will be back often. I am certain they will get better quickly. can't wait to try more.design 4service 4food     3total 3.5 ... the extra 1/2 star is whiskey warehouse good will !
3	So Bill A. stole my chance at 1st review... booo!!! Just kidding.I don't know how long Joe Hoopers has opened its doors.  From the look at the crowd yesterday during lunch time, people are aware of this place.  The place is tiny, I mean just look at the building.  For awhile I thought this is yet another BBQ/ribs joint, but I guess that never even opened before Joe Hoopers took over. Here is the short verdict: the decor is cute retro, the service was good, the food can improve.We got sat right away by the hostess (which I think having that hostess stand is a great thing).  The 2 top table is tiny.  With the salt/pepper/ketchup holder, and along comes the big drink glasses, there's virtually no space left to put food.  Menu was good.  Some veggie/healthy options, but mostly sandwich and burgers.  At first the price seemed okay, most items are $5.45, then realizing I have to pay another $3 for a side, all of the sudden the price doesn't seem so great anymore.I ordered the Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwich.  My boyfriend ordered a plain burger (lol) with double meat (which was a $2 upgrade).  We ordered one side of tater tots.  Food was ok.  My chicken sandwich was of good size.  The chicken breast was moist and meaty enough, but truthfully I could have fixed it at home.  I didn't taste the burger, but it was also a decent size item.  However, while looking around, I saw plenty of sandwiches looking kind of plain and tiny.  So pick your entree wisely.  Tater tots was ok.  Somehow it was missing that addictive taste other tots I have had before at other places.  It was covered by lots of cracked black peppers.  And they probably could have fried it a little longer.  But for $3, it's not that much of a side.  Still good enough to share if you are not hungry, but this is no Five Guys' fries.Service was attentive.  We waited a little long for the food, but it's still new, so I can understand.  Overall the experience was good, just wish the food can be better.  The place seems to open til 2am, with full bar and beer on taps.  And lastly, they do have tons of TV, so I am guessing they're going for the sports watching crowd.
4	Joe Hoopers is within walking distance of my house and very centrally located to the heat of Plaza Midwood.  It seems like a unique place that wont be competing too much with the other restaurants in Midwood.  When my coworkers and I walked in, we were greeted warmly and the environment as a whole was welcoming.  It's a smaller venue, but cozy.  TV's above the bar for watching games, booths for meals at lunch and a great patio for any type of climate.  Their food selection was unique and had a "local" touch to it.  I got the Southern burger with pimento cheese and bacon and loved it.  My friends tried the Central burger with fried mac and cheese and bacon and the southern style hot dog.  We were all pleased with what we got.  They sell local beer which is a winner for me.  And we even ran into some of the local brewery folks while we were there.  Over all the staff is great. Food is cheap. .  I will definitely come back to this place and you should too!!
2	I was very excited to try Joe Hoopers today, as I have been anticipating the opening since the large sign was placed out front. My sister and I decided to place a pickup order for lunch. I was disappointed with the results.We ordered three items; the fried pickles, the Ham Hero, and the Kitchen sink. I wanted the NYC burger but they were out of Pastrami on a Monday afternoon.......When I placed the call I was given to another person so they could take my order. (I think anyone answering the phone should be able to enter a pickup order.) They did not ask for a name or a phone number and I was not given a total. When my sister went to pick it up she said that a patron had to tell the server that she was was standing there waiting.The Kitchen Sink burger was very good. The bacon and mushrooms were full of flavor and it was a perfect size for lunch. I would order it again. My sister did not like the Ham Hero. I tried a bite and the sandwich was extremely salty. It may have just been the ham but I would not order it again.The fried pickles were soggy by the time we got them, but I am sure that is due to placing them as a pickup order instead of eating them there. We did not receive the horseradish aioli that is supposed to come with them. Not sure if the kitchen or the server screwed that up. They are definitely not worth the five dollars they cost. Overall I was not impressed with the experience, although I will not hold a grudge. I will eat here again for a dine in experience. Only then will I vote yea or nae on this new Central Ave. establishment.
4	I was stoked to see Joe Hoopers getting settled into Plaza Midwood and join the ranks of the culinary scene. It's an odd little location -- juxtaposed closely to the railroad tracks amongst the rather aggressive drivers of Central Ave, this place is introducing some things to the community that definitely of note and daring. Where I can't comment on the flavors, the litany of burgers and incorporation of heart-stoppingly wonderful toppings seems endless. Some of the options just look incredible at first look and would only become something of legend to someone with a hefty pair of beer goggles on. Example: The Central Burger - Burger with fried mac n' cheese. For real? Can't say I'd ever venture down that road unless severely inebriated, but goodness it sounds like a dream. They house all of the usual suspects for sides, too. Fries of all kinds, other fried things, and....fried things. They have a kids menu as well for those with little ones. I ordered a veggie burger and was thrilled with the flavor. The texture was great and not wimpy like so many others I've tried. Great, fresh veggies piled high and wonderful sauteed shrooms and onions. Also enjoyed the cucumber salad. Great sweet, perky, vinegar flavor. I'd definitely order it again. Big plus for the decor. Tons of old school posters, aluminum signs, and booths with what looks like burlap on the back rest. Never seen anything like it! Another huge plus for the beer lineup. Saw Big Boss, Natty Greenes, NoDa, and OMB. Good stuff. The staff was great. Server was lightning fast in taking our order, bringing extra napkins and drinks without our having to ask, and other items. Loved that the general manager stopped by a few times to check on us and see how our meal was. Prices are very reasonable, too. Three of us ate for less than $30. Where Joe Hoopers is a great place to grab a burger, fries, cold beer, etc, the healthy options are few and far between. I'd definitely come back, though perhaps to just enjoy a brew with some friends but, hey, if you're stepping into this joint, you're most likely grabbing a greaser of legendary proportion. Viva fried mac n' cheese as a burger topping!
3	Nice to have a "sandwich joint" in Plaza Midwood, but I wouldn't write home about it. Someone in my group tried the Central Burger (which has bacon AND mac-n-cheese on it) - which, I'm sure you're thinking (like I did when I saw it on the menu) "hells to the yes, mac-n-cheese on a meat patty!" But the execution was mediocre. Burger patty was pretty good but the mac-n-cheese was subpar - not very cheesy and kind of bland. The portobello mushroom sandwich, however, was quite tasty and the prices are very reasonable. Overall, not that impressing, but it is a good little spot to enjoy a drink, watch the game or grab a quick bite.
3	I have been waiting for this place to open up as it is walking distance from my friend's apartment and looks like it will be the perfect spot for everyone to meet up.First off, it is small on the inside, but has really great character and the feel of a true neighborhood bar. If you don't know who Joe Hooper is, ask one of the staff/servers/bartenders or look it up for yourself. His picture is up on the wall, and it is a really cool story. Kudos for that. Second, drink specials are really reasonable and they support some local favorites. Love that they are support other local goodness. I have only had a few things off the menu and am excited to further explore. My past trip here I split the fried mac and cheese- which was ok in my book, it was missing some spice or kick. We dipped it in wing sauce for some added flavor. Then we went for a breakfast burger ( my apology if that isn't the menu official name) which was very good. It had a fried egg, sausage, lettuce and cheese. The sausage had a nice flavor and it paired well with the burger. The egg was fried but still runny to create a little messiness that required the use of a fork and knife. I heard the hot dogs are excellent, so I will be back with additional updates.Excited to have Joe Hooper's in Plaza Midwood and spend more time there.
5	My buddy did electrical work on this place, so I figured I would go try it out.  It's not my usual side of town, but I was impressed.Good Beer selection and even better food.Welcome to the neighborhood Joe Hoopers!
4	Another pleasant 4-star surprise!  Really had my doubts about this place.  The location hasn't fared too well over the years.  Was the Rib House a while back and then Stackers and it didn't seem big enough to be a full-fledged dining option.  But the owners did a great job of remodeling.  The food is pretty good for what it is - burgers, sandwiches.  We ordered a reuben anda ham specialty sandwich.  The latter was delicious - honey ham, cheese and a fried egg.  As the Czechoslovakian Brothers Steve Martin and Dan Aykroyd used to say, "that's your funeral!"  It was tasty.  Side order of tater tots was also very good.Beers were solid.  Decent selection of Charlotte craft brews and lots of cans.  We tried an I-77 IPA from Four Friends and an Old Chub can from Oskar Blues, which now has a brewery in Brevard, NC as well as Colorado.  Good stuff.Service was smiley.  Too many TVs which nearly led me to give this place 3 stars.  I don't get the whole "TV at every turn" thing.  It's ricockulous and an assault on the frickin' senses and makes me long for a good old fern bar, where that's right, the only decoration is a fern hanging on the wall.  But the generation X, Y and Z kids love their big 100-inch flat screen plasma LCD 3-D hi-def TVs, so rock on everybody!!!!
4	My first and only experience at Joe Hooper's came about a week ago on a random week- night.  Upon walking in, the decor and overall ambiance of the place definitely stick out; in a good way.  One thing that caught my eye was the hard-wood floors that cover the entire establishment - they are a nice, classy touch for sure.Upon being seated, our drink orders were taken immediately and that was followed by the GM coming over to our table, politely introducing himself to us and kindly walked us through the menu.  He really made a big deal about the burgers, so both myself and the friend I was with, decided to run two burgers with tots on the side.  I've got to say that when the burger arrived, I was more than a little disappointed in its size (that's what she said - HAHA).  Based on the GM's description of the burger and the process they went through to make the burgers, etc, etc., I expected something along the lines of Bad Daddy's or Burger Co.  Instead it resembled more of a Wendy's-type of burger - especially in the flatness of the paddy.  The taste was OK; above par for sure.  Its the size and overall presentation of the burger that left me a bit underwhelmed.  The other small exception I have with Joe Hooper's was the portion-size of their sides.  The tots that were ordered were def. not enough to share.  I am starting to get a little annoyed with places charging an extra $3 for a small order of tots.Despite these issues, I am still giving Joe Hooper's 4 stars.  There were plenty of other things on the menu I would like to go back and try.  The service was excellent.  The lady serving us, was really friendly and was on top of her job.  The overall ambiance has me wanting to come back as well.  There's a nice roomy bar to the left as you walk in with big flat-screens warming the patrons at the bar.  There is also a nice little parking lot for Joe Hooper's.  Yes, I was a little disappointed in my food.  But Joe Hooper's did enough to get me back on intrigue alone...
1	Chicken sandwich simply tasted weird and the fries seemed like they were frozen store fries except not as good. I was hoping the food would be good, because the place looks really cool. Joe Hoopers isnt worth your time.
3	Stopped off here on a beautiful Sunday while walking our dog.Small space, but nice design.We grabbed a beer and an appetizer on the patio, nice beer selection (lots of the local breweries), fairly basic on the food options.We'll try this again as maybe a pre-post night drink, also seems like it you got a good bar spot this would be a good game watching location.We'll see how this turns out as the weather continues to get nicer.
4	So we had been waiting in anticipation for this place to open. It finally did, and we finally tried it. I had a veggie wrap with garlic aioli in it (I forget the name) and my boyfriend had the Southern burger (the one with bacon and pimento cheese). Both our sandwiches were quite delicious. We ordered an appetizer of the fried pickles. It arrived with our order, but it wasn't a big deal since the food came out in reasonable time.What I liked the most about this place was that the sides are optional and you pay extra if you want sides. So I don't have to choose to add unnecessary food to what I came here to eat and have to pay for it. I really enjoy my food more when I am not forced to get sides and feel fat. Also, because of that, our check was just $17 which was great.My only concern was the space. It was a little too tight with not much room between the bar and the tables, especially since people were hanging out around the bar area with drinks in their hands and I'm always paranoid about someone spilling some on / near me. Not a very big issue though.
3	Joe Hoopers takes the place of the old Stacker's sandwich shop. The interior is nice, but certainly has a corporate feel. I did like the big open window (lots of light) and everything was really clean. We were there around lunch time so I ordered a sandwich -roast turkey with avocado, tomato, lettuce, and horseradish mayo. My other half ordered a burger. The burger was definitely the way to go, it was very tasty. I also liked the fries which I asked to be served with their herb aioli- very yummy. I enjoyed my sandwich at first but it quickly became to be too much. The turkey was super salty, very sparse on the vegetable toppings, and there was a ton of mayo on it..so I ended up with an open-faced turkey mayo glob...not super appetizing. The only other thing that was kind of odd was the music choice. They had gangster rap going on minute (which this particular song was really filthy- I felt kind of bad for the little old grannies sitting behind us) followed up with a country love song. I am not sure if this came from the juke box but it was a little early to be breaking out that kind of music. I heard more than a few comments at the nearby bar regarding it.  Service was friendly and quick..and this place is very close so I would give it another shot. Also, the story of Joe Hooper is very endearing (read your menu).
4	This is a nice quiet bar in Plaza Midwood.  Not an extensive tap list, but it features local beers so it's AOK with me and their can/bottle selection is good.  The burgers are very good and I found myself eating one even though I had just eaten.  They carry cupcakes for dessert, but I haven't managed to get dessert here yet.
4	A good addition to the Plaza Midwood neighborhood, Joe Hoopers is owned by the same folks as Whiskey Warehouse, and All American Pub.  I didn't have a chance to step inside to take a look at the ambiance but I grabbed a nice table outside on their patio which was great.  Always stoked to see outdoor seating these days!  I hadn't heard much about Joe Hoopers so it was a nice surprise to look over the menu and decide what to eat.  It seemed to me that this was the kind of place you go and order a burger and I'm glad I was right.  I ordered the burger with pimento cheese and bacon it was so good and of course what's a burger without a side of tots.  I must say the best part of my meal was my bloody mary.  If your a bloody mary lover like myself ask for their "bloody mary menu" yup an entire menu dedicated to one of my favorite drinks you will not be disappointed.   Overall this was a great lunch choice, hang over joint, or any time place to grab a drink and some bar food.
3	Looking for a late night bite to eat we stopped into this place around 11:30pm on a Friday. Pretty slow but still serving food and that's exactly what we were looking for. They had a decent beer selection with some good locals on tap.We started with an order of deviled eggs topped with bacon. Deviled eggs aren't always my first choice in appetizer but add some bacon and I'm down with pretty much anything. They were eggcellent! The filling was almost a bit spicy with black pepper and then the crispy piece of bacon on top was a welcome addition.Because I have health insurance, I opted for the Central Burger as my entree. Bacon with fried mac n' cheese on a burger... sounds heart-stoppingly delicious right? I expected the fried mac to be a crunchy cheesy layer smeared over the burger. Instead, it was a patty of mac n' cheese, then breaded, then fried, and was the same size, if not larger, than the burger patty itself. Add some lettuce and tomato and that bad boy is about 6 inches tall - becoming a task to eat.I love the idea of this burger but, the execution fell a bit flat. I love burgers, I love mac n' cheese, and I love bacon - which leads one to believe that I would LOVE the central burger. Unfortunately, the whole thing became too dry between the bread and the fried patty of Mac. With no melted cheese, it was like putting pasta on a burger. I think it would do better with a creamy mac n' cheese to add some flavor and moisture.Although I wasn't in love with my burger, I enjoyed Joe Hoopers and our app was excellent. I would give them another try for sure.
4	I've been in here a few times, mostly just to drink and they have 6 awesome local beers on draft and then a ton of cool craft beers in can. My server, who was great,  finally sold me on the Southern burger and it was amazing...spicy pimento cheese and bacon was perfect. Good food, great beer, good prices...the service is great, the bartender was awesome and all the girls are cute and funny. Great place.
5	Great staff, very friendly. What ive had of the food is very good and timely. One of my go to places.
4	Call me cheap, call me easy, I don't care, because I love chicken salad sandwiches. It's a simple item that many restaurants offer, but few actually make well. But damn if Joe Hooper's didn't get it spot on! I had the chicken salad melt. It started with a great chicken salad base topped with roasted red peppers & Monterey Jack cheese. It was spectacular! And at a little under $6 I would say pretty reasonably priced. They also have great drink specials every day of the week, including a very impressive Bloody Mary menu. I'm quite excited to go back and try their burgers.
1	I was excited to find a place close to home that was casual and decently priced. I ordered the Chicken Greek Pita, which tasted nothing like a Greek Pita. It was pretty much, chicken, tomatoes, and lettuce with some sort of a mayo sauce. I didn't even finish it and I was starving. My friend ordered a GRILLED Chicken Salad and the chicken wasn't even grilled. The bowl was so small, all of the salad kept falling out onto the bar-top. He also didn't finish his meal. It's also a pet peeve when restaurants make you pay for your sides. All in all, I will not go here again.
4	The food is typical bar fare. I had the Ham Sandwich and tater tots. Fun vibe good place.
2	Two things made us visit. First, a recommendation from my boyfriend's coworker. Second, $3 well drinks on Saturday night. Knowing that they had a nice patio to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful Carolina weather didn't hurt either. We walked up to the host stand and first impression, well I really didn't have one. The host was neither pleasant, nor rude, just kinda there. After selecting a table, and then having to move because the music was too loud, we were greeted by our server, T. She. Was. Awesome. It's sad that I even have to type this, but it's been a while since I've had service that was on point. T was extremely pleasant and provided exceptional service to us throughout the course of the evening. In addition, she was able to answer our questions, while along providing us with recommendations on the menu. 5 stars for the service all around. As for the menu selections, well they certainly had some interesting concoctions. Starting off with the Red Neck Poutine, which consisted of tater tots smothered in Velveeta cheese, mushroom PBR gravy finished  with bacon crumbles, immediately my arteries were not a fan. My taste buds, unfortunately followed their lead. I really wanted to like this dish, but it just turned out to be a waste of calories. Moving onto the main course, I selected the Turkey on the Tracks and my boo went with the BLT with Egg. My sandwich came out looking great, but after taking the first bite, I knew it must have come from the Silicon Valley, because this bad boy was richer than Steve Jobs. The bite of BLT with Egg that I had was great. I wouldn't say this place is a total loss, I think I may have just ordered the wrong item, especially since we started with a heavy app. The prices were great and there were plenty other selections to choose from. For 3 bar drinks, an app and 2 sandwiches, we walked away spending less than $40. My last qualm with the place was the music. It was almost unbearable. I kid you not, the radio station they had playing went from Hanson to Psy's Gangnam Style then to Gogol Bordello. The fact that we had to talk about it for more than 5 minutes made it an issue. I'd give this place another shot, but don't think I would ever consider this a "go-to" sandwich joint of mine.
5	Went here with a buddy around midnight on a Wednesday when no other places nearby had their kitchen open.  We were promptly seated and both decided on the kitchen sink burger.  They came out fast and were delicious.  Fries were good too.  Service was spot on - they refilled drinks without having to be asked.  Prices are very reasonable.  This is the place to go for late-night chow in Plaza Midwood!
5	These deviled eggs topped with bacon are to die for! Added plus got 10% off for checking in! This place is so freaking good, I really will be back to try more of the menu.
2	Great for the beer but not for the food... You get what you pay for food wise. Great prices on beer and decent selection.I had the fried macaroni brick and it was mostly forgettable.The big plus is the very nice and large flat screen tv's all over the place.
4	I've eaten lunch here several times. The food is always great. Burgers are great as well as various sandwiches. Sweet tater tots are awesome. Give it a try!
5	After going bowling, I needed to get the taste of Bud Shite out of my mouth.  We were also taking one of my sister's friends home that night as well.  He lives near my sister, and by a bunch of bars.  It was time to reconcile the earlier events.  Driving up and down central- I told my sister to keep an eye out for strippers, food, and alcohol.  We approached a biker bar, and then some drunk chicks I ended up yelling at, and then we finally approached a place called Joe Hoopers.  It was a little after midnight, and there were cars out, but not mobbed.  I told her lets check this mofo out.Upon entering, I noticed it seemed to be a college hang out in the form of a log cabin.  I didn't feel like bashing any 21 yos heads in that night, but thankfully that wasn't the case.  We took a seat and off we went.  The bartender came up and handed us menus, and asked what we wanted to drink.  I just needed something strong enough to get the taste of shit out of my mouth so the first thing that rolled off my tongue was a Long Island Iced Tea (hey, sis was driving, I was ready to get hammed!).  Was was even more amazing was how fast it came out!  Like they had a nozzle for it.  It tasted pretty good too.  It was then time to look at the menu.  Looked like they had a lot of bar food and such.  But one thing caught my eye- the philly.  You better believe I got it!  Speaking of that (side note), it was nice to know the kitchen was still open, as some places I have noticed close their kitchens early and keep the bar open (how else do you expect me to soak up the alcohol?).A few moments later, the philly came out.  It looked different than most, but I was starving.  And you know what, it was pretty damn good!  The bread was soft and held together, and the cheese was on the bread and glued the meat to it (in a good way).  The meat was grilled and seasoned perfectly too.  I almost took one to go.  The fries were good, but at that point, I was on starch overload.  The prices weren't too terrible either.  Overall, this is a solid bar with plenty of booze and tvs and a nice sized patio and a hot bartender and good food.  Oh yea, I didn't have to walk a mile for a parking spot either.  This was the perfect storm.
4	We went there for Sunday night dinner.  My husband had just rolled in from a  Utah snowboard trip, with a busted shoulder, no less.  I had a belly dance performance that afternoon, and, like a bad girl, I didn't cook.We were lucky to tag a booth, which helped Snowboard Boy sit more comfortably.  I noticed that the backs of the booth seats were covered in burlap and the chairs had license plates attached to their backs.  Cute and creative.  What we didn't care for was the music.  They were playing the bee-boppiest 90's alternative rock (and to label it "rock" is a stretch.)However, the servers were perky and fast.  Our order was taken and delivered just like that.  I had the veggie burger with no bun and coleslaw.  I got scared for a minute, because it tasted very close to what I remember a beef burger tasting like.  It had mushrooms, cheddar, tomato and a tangy barbecue sauce.  The slaw was flavorful, too.  The wounded Olympic wanna be got the blackened shrimp salad and down the hatch it went.This could become our new neighborhood favorite.  And maybe next time we are in, the 90's music will be along the lines of Dream Theatre and Queensryche.
2	Buffalo Chicken Sandwich was dried out and overcooked, slathered in a weak sauce. It was served on one those hamburger buns that are $0.99 for 6 at Food Lion.  Tater tot basket...sandwiches don't come with sides, like it's Ruth's Chris...was one block of stuck together tots. Fried to death in grease that has to be 6 months old. I wouldn't completely rule out going back but won't go out of my way to eat there. On top of that, it's a Clemson Tiger gathering spot. Gross (I'm a Gamecock, but that's my own problem).
4	Pretty awesome beer, burger, and sandwich menus. Great specials as well.I rolled up in here on a Sunday afternoon because I heard about this "bloody mary menu" they have.  I walked in the door to see $2 mimosa's and $4 bloody mary's, awesome!  I later find out that those $4 bloody's aren't from the special menu, but the house one was still a great deal at $4.We were seated in a section that can't be seen when you walk in, which made it somewhat difficult for our guests to find us.  Its a small section, next to the bar, with great views of tv's.  Our polite and punctual waitress greeted us quickly and we had 2 mimosa's with the quickness.  Not sure if they used prosecco or it was just pineapple juice instead of OJ, but they were rather sweet.  I liked it, especially for the price.  Knowing that we were waiting on another we decided to order an app and wait to order on the food.  Redneck Poutine?  Yep!  tator tots with cheese and a PBR mushroom gravy.  Perfect for the 1-2am crowd or the crowd struggling to get in the door for lunch the next day.When the rest of our party arrived, my significant other ordered a bloody along with her cohorts, and I stuck with the mimosa's.  I'm pretty sure the bloody mix is made in house, although our waitress didn't know.  It was kinda chunk, pretty spicy, and just over all a solid drink.  I got the Reuben, my counterpart got the turkey on the tracks, and others got burgers.  All the food came out really quickly.  While nobody was really impressed with their burgers, they did say it wasn't bad for the money.  I ate half of each of the 2 sandwiches and was completely full.  That turkey was solid, the texas toast took it to the next level.  My Reuben was fine, nothing special, but did the trick.Food per dollar in the plaza midwood area, this place is a tie with Sammy's Deli.  And Joe Hooper's is open till 2am.  With a great looking tap list that I didn't get to experience, I will be back.  Need to actually try some of those special bloody mary's as well.
4	I can't recall how I know that waitress.*These prices are great.*The menu allows you to eat healthy or quite unhealthy.*Parking isn't simple.Joe Hooper was a wild card soldier in the US Military who excelled in battle but rebelled on the base. This place, across Central Avenue from the great nouveau dive-ish Thirsty Beaver, is named after him.The hot heap that arrived in front of me was Redneck Poutine (tater tots, cheese, bacon and PBR Mushroom Gravy). A great Velveeta-ish consistency cheese coated it, bacon bits scattered everywhere and mushrooms floating around. The gravy just melded with the rest, I imagine, because I identified no gravy, nor PBR.My "TAB" (turkey avocado bacon) sandwich was beyond expectations. This waitress, whom I still cannot identify, didn't build it up. Thus, expectations were manageable and subsequently managed. I would order it again for sure. It's on a long hoagie roll with lettuce, tomato & horseradish aioli. I had the aioli on the side and kept dipping the sandwich in it. This sandwich wins a prize: Best Turkey Sandwich All Day. "It cured my hangover" is how the server described and recommended the "Turkey By The Tracks" sandwich. My cousin Doug ordered it despite not being hungover -  although he may have been drunk. He loved it, raved about it.Both sandwiches were $5.45. Both checks were paid by me.
1	Out of fried pickles, both seasonal canned beers, out of flagship IPA, one chef, five tables, server knew nothing about beer - just in general- know what's on your menu! Sucked and won't return, my melt was so greasy and um, no cheese. What is a melt? this place is not somewhere I'd recommend- sad because I live right beside it!
5	This restaurant/bar had great mixed drink specials and very well priced food. I got two really good sandwiches and four mixed drinks and spent $30 with a tip. The only bad thing is that the seating is very close together so you will have to pause during your conversation to let all the meat heads scream at the tv.
3	Let's start at the beginning. Myself and my bf's band walk in just before midnight and manage to get our food orders in. The bartender was nice and pretty but seriously,  that girl was having trouble remembering our orders. I bartend, I''ve been.there. grab a pen and paper girl, there's no shame in jotting notes. The booze selection was sparse and about average in pricing. The food was pretty good though. The guys had bowls and bowls of tator tots. The deviled eggs were, as other yelpers have stated, pretty wicked awesome. A nice little egg and bacon tango in my mouth. Worth the visit at least once or the take out. Wish it had been warmer to sit on the deck.: (
5	Brunch was delicious, fried chicken and biscuits!!! Cheap food and $2 mimosa for a Sunday brunch! Will definately go back, to many things on the menu to try
1	I'm trying to give this place my business but the food is keeping me away. The last few times my friends and I have been, the food has been below average. Mushy veggie burger served luke warm. Oily fries. Side salad tasted like really cheap bagged lettuce. Dressing was on the side in a plastic cup that obviously had been portioned out and refrigerated days ahead. I had to scoop the dressing out of the plastic cup like pudding because it wouldn't pour. We let the waitress and manager know, but they offered no apology or replacement. The manager actually made excuses like "we're trying to perfect the new menu" and "most people like our food." At least now I know why this place is never busy. Go for a beer if you like, but eat elsewhere.
4	Great service, food, selection, staff, and very friendly owner.  Outdoor patio, live music, awesome location!  The Midwood area is a great place to hang out.  I love the fairly active train track that it is next to; adds to the ambiance.  Recently, I arrived in Charlotte late on a Thursday evening and it was about 11:30 by the time I meet my friends here.  I was starving having had no dinner yet and was worried they would no longer be serving.  I was wrong.  Not only were they serving, but everything on the menu was available and the sandwich I got was delicious!
5	We went to Joe Hooper's for the first time on a Friday night.   It wasn't too busy -  meaning fast,  friendly service.   They had an amazing outdoor area with lots of TVs (inside and outside). We just took advantage of their $3 well drink special and ordered some crisp and tasty tator tots.   We can't wait to go back and try some of their hearty dishes when we're a bit hungrier.
4	Stopped in for lunch today  for the first time. The Philly cheesesteak and Mac n cheese were incredible. I will be back!
4	I had the veggie burger with a side of fries and they were both delicious! The server was friendly, music was good, and football was on.  Great place to grab a bite to eat and have a drink.  Very close to the heart of Plaza Midwood, which makes it a nice stop before going out.
2	I was very disappointed with the quality of food and service.  I ordered a bacon cheese burger that arrived without bacon. My order came with fries bur I ordered chips and when they brought the chip they were cold and stale.The fries were good but they were not what I ordered.
3	I guess I expected more from this place when I glanced at the menu, I saw salads and Salmon so I thought I could eat healthy. I did but it was fairly unspecial. There was no specials that were creative or exciting as far as food and the wine list had only Canyon Road in 3 varieties.  I had the Dijon Salmon salad which was good, with it's 2oz portion of Salmon for $11 making it so-so.it was cooked properly but there was only the sauce on it to use as dressing.My Love had the Orchard salad which had alot of Fruits and berries, Antioxidant rich I say. He liked it very much. The service was okay, although the server was nice.We also ordered chicken wings just to try them, they were nothing special, the BBQ or the Sweet Chilli. Just greasy is what they were.
1	They get one star because the shrimp tacos were very good.  The beef tacos were good, as well.  The ingredients seemed fresh and we're flavorful. The french fries tasted like they were fried in very old grease and they were burnt black on the ends.  The $2 margaritas were what you'd expect for the price, mostly ice and mixer, although sometimes they come in tiny cups and sometimes they come in full size glasses.  The place is neat and clean.  But the service is the worst in Charlotte.  A bartender, a waitress and a manager on a Tuesday, early evening.  The bartender had a full bar plus two other tables, plus our six top, and one outside.  The waitress had a two top inside and a two top outside.  We waited between 26 and 43 minutes for drinks each time and waited 49 minutes for six tacos.  The bartender ended up being our server.  She was BEYOND rude and she made it very apparent that she was mad.  We told her we could see she was having a bad night but that we pay very well for great service, and we do.  She obviously did not care.  There were six of us and she got mad that we asked for separate bills.  She charged all of us incorrectly, either for too many or two few drinks.  She would come bring three drinks for one person as she would only take a drink order from us one at a time.  One would prefer, asked go get the margarita and bring it back then take the next person's order.  She never wrote any of it down. We saw a manager floating around, messing with his shoes, chatting and texting on his phone, sitting on an outside table.  He finally wandered to our table and asked how everything was. We told him the food was good and the atmosphere was ok, although the tables are built too high for the chairs (the seating is awkward on the table on the right)  I politely told him it was the slowest, most poorly executed food service I'd seen in a long time.  I explained what transpired and his only response was an excuse that he really should hire more help but the servers don't want him to do he gets cussed out a lot about the bad service.  He never fixed the incorrect bills, never apologized for the horrible service or even more horrible attitude of the waitress.  I will never go back, nor will my friends. Had I not been with friends I would have just walked out.
3	Went here with friends after hearing the wait for Midwood Smokehouse (yum) was to be an hour. We walked over and found ourselves seated and greeted into a less than full dining area that seemed to only have a host of regulars. There was no music or background noise leaving the room feeling even more empty. The waitress was nice enough though, boasting on the food and how everything was pretty much made from scratch. I had a burger which was fine, and onion rings on the side...the greasy stringy ones with batter that falls off with each bite. They would've been great on the burger! A friend had the Mac and cheese that the waitress loved so much..as for homemade I can't say that's what it looked or tasted like. The cheese was runny the noodles overdone and soft. I've had better by far. The boys at the table ordered wings but claimed them mediocre. The "coleslaw" that accompanied them was no more than thinly sliced carrots and celery without dressing or flavor. Our drinks were another matter..strong with no consistency. We didn't mind them strong... the special when we walked in the door said "Wells $3" except everyone was charged more and when the waitress left to fix this issue she came back with the same checks? How odd....needless to say no one was impressed and the six of us will not be back.
5	WOW great phillycheesesteak, great Carolina burger and great wings. First time visit and will definitely be coming back. Great place
5	Such a cute restaurant located off of Central Ave! I adore the bartenders and sit at the bar almost every time due to their friendly personalities. The manager always checks on me and makes sure all of my orders are up to par. The food selection is fun and diverse, and is always delivered quickly. I love the buffalo shrimp as an appetizer, the class cheeseburger, and their Mac n' Cheese! I definitely recommend hanging out here with a group of friends or for Monday night football!
4	The Barbalo wings and fried green tomato salad are excellent! We will be coming back to try more very soon. The service was excellent for such a laid back place.
4	We bought a Groupon so that pushed us in the door.  We LOVE this place.  The service was great.  The food was AMAZING.  We ordered the devil eggs app and they were delicious.  I then ordered the special Chicken Cordon Blue and it was yummy and my husband ordered the Philly Cheese steak and said it was compariable to the one he makes at home (which is pretty amazing)  I recommend this place to anyone.  The atmosphere was nice, plenty of TVs, beer and drink specials.  Can't wait to go back.
3	I will start out with the good - The food.  I had a burger and tots and they were great. I tried my boyfriends catfish Po'boy and it was amazing. The mac and cheese is very good. Onion rings were just okay.We went to watch the Pather's game and they turned the sound on. It wasnt very packed and the service was pretty good. The bad part - there beer selection needs some help. They only have a few taps but where are all the great local beers?Also, a palmeto bug kept flying around us while we were eating. Hard to prevent but still not very fun.
3	I really wish that I could give Joe Hoopers a better review, but based on several visits, I just can't:(. Almost every thing I've ever ordered from here is mediocre at best.  The very first time I ever ate here was the ONLY time that I actually enjoyed my meal --wings-- but they've since changed the wing and sauce recipe, so there goes that.The fried bologna sandwich was almost so greasy that it was inedible, which is saying something.  I had the pimento cheese dip appetizer, which was just ok.  I've tried 2 different salads, neither of which were even worth taking home the leftovers sadly. My husband has ordered 2 of the sandwiches, and each time he has eaten it but hasn't wanted to:(I feel like the best way to describe the food here is to say that it is only a good idea if it's really late at night and you're drunk and looking for greasy 'drunk food'.  Because maybe then you couldn't tell the difference.The service here is almost always great, and the servers are kind and very attentive without hovering.  They even are pretty cool about kids, and have been very accommodating when friends have brought their children in on game days -- which is very cool.To be totally fair, I'm only giving them the 3 stars (instead of less) because it's in my neighborhood and I really want them to do well so they'll stick around!
4	A friend and I went for drinks and dinner after work on a Monday (thanks to a nudge from a Groupon), and we were the first people there at 4:45. Since we were there early, we were both able to park in their small lot, but I could see where that could get a little tricky as the night goes on. We sat at the bar, which runs the length of the place, and there were a few tables and booths scattered around. I really liked the atmosphere - small, but still spacious, with fun decor on the walls and the cleanest bar bathroom I've seen in a long time.The bartender was really nice and patient since we were there for awhile and didn't always know exactly what we wanted. The drinks were fairly cheap, and there was a good selection of liquor, wine, and beer (including local craft).For dinner, I got the Orchard Salad, which was pretty tasty, and my friend got the tuna appetizer with a salad. Both our meals were great and reasonably priced - definitely a little more fancy than your average bar food, but they had those options, too.
