4	Got a recommendation from a friend that this place was a great stop for pizza and salad.  Definitely did not disappoint!Sammy's offers some great menu items that all look tempting both in description and on the plate.  We've yet to see a bad looking plate come from the kitchen and always see new items to try just by watching other people's orders come out.So far, my wife and I have been here twice and have ordered a Pizza and a Salad which works out perfectly for 2 people.  With pizza in the name, we figured you can't go wrong with that order, but the salads here are just as good if not better!For pizza, we've done the BBQ Chicken and the Thai Chicken Pizza (TCP).  I'll say that I find the BBQ to be a better tasting pizza.  There was a funny taste to the TCP that I just couldn't put my finger on.  It had spice, but it wasn't a traditional tasting TCP.   However, the BBQ Chicken was right on target.  With both pizzas, the one thing that is constant is great tasting crust.  Light, flavorful and a great compliment to the fresh ingredients.As for the salad, we've tried the Chinese Chicken and the Thai Chicken.  Both of these hit the spot.  Unlike the pizza, the Thai Chicken Salad was perfect.  Great taste, traditional flavor and just all around good.  The Chinese Chicken was just as good.  Both of these were refreshing, filling and instant favorites.All around, can't complain with either of our visits and it's on our list of top lunch places here in Vegas.  The wait staff is quick and friendly and the restaurant environment is stylish and comfortable.  We will be back for more soon!
1	If you like a large volume of bland, generic food then this is your place. If you like flavors other than fat, sickly sweet, or creamy, steer clear!  I had a craving for traditional Italian pizza. Since this place is just down the road, we decided to give it a try. My hubbie and I had the coconut shrimp skewers, which were deep fried beyond recognition and came with a side of citrus-flavored high fructose corn syrup. We then shared a pizza which had a small spoonful of sauce in the center of an oddly sweet flat bread type thing, which in no way resembled pizza base, and it came slathered in oil, ick!  The service was average, if you consider inattentive to be average. The waiter seemed to be on another planet, and couldn't distinguish lunch from dinner.  Not recommended.
3	Okay Sammy... We need to talk about your place. The food was okay and the service, well the service was below par to be kind. Let me explain. We walked in around noon and could count all of the people in the restaurant on one hand and since the weather was awesome today "mid 70's and a slight breeze" we opted to sit outside and enjoy our lunch and the weather alike. The server sat us and was kind enough to let us know that if we decided to order pizza's it would be a little longer then normal because they just opened and the oven was not up to temp yet. That is totally understandable and i appreciate the warning. So we sat outside and decided on our order, closed the menus, finished our waters, and continued to sit. So about 15 minutes later the waiter came out and asked if we had decided, since we had plenty of time of coarse we said yes. We ordered a prosciutto asparagus pizza a kids BBQ Chicken pizza and I ordered a Grilled chicken breast and hummus sandwich. after another 15 to 20 minute wait we received our food. The sandwich I ordered was amazing and so were the other items we ordered but the lack of service and the constant empty drinks unfortunately were to much to overlook. The three stars are for the food being good and obviously the 2 docked stars are for the service, or lack there of. If you have the hankering for sammys i would recommend the W. Sahara Store over this one.
2	Food was good when we finally got it.  Service was inconsistent from beginning to end.We arrived about 9pm and we were aware Sammy's closes at 9:30.  We stepped in and I counted 5 parties and 3 of which looked to be finishing up.  There was no host present as we entered.  We stood around expecting someone.  I made eye contact with some of the staff but no response.  Of the maybe 9 employees there, we were not attended to for 5 minutes until someone manager looking comes from the back to seat us.We quickly order some drinks and soon after order an appetizer and the main entrees.  At no time were we given any warning that time would be of any concern.  The appetizer comes in a reasonable time.  We finished off the appetizer in about 10 minutes.  We sat around talking for another 10 minutes and wonder about our entrees (pizza and salmon dish).  At this time there are only 3 other parties in the shop.  One of which was employees eating their dinner.  We finally get an update from our server saying the entrees will be another 2 minutes.  We wait another 5 minutes and I notice finally the manager like guy ask about the order.  Probably because I kept staring at him eating his dinner.  We get another update from our server saying it will be 3 minutes.  The server finally says at this point that the oven was "off" and had to heat up .  At this point we had already considering leaving.  We hesitantly agreed.  We get the food finally 5 minutes later and as I said was fine.  Come bill time I would have expected another apology for the delay or even a comped item/discount.  But got nada.I am just a little frustrated about it since we could have gotten a heads up after we finished our appetizer but we were left there trying to guess for ourselves what was going on.  I understand it was near to closing time but we were given no warning.  We would have likely not ordered a pizza.  Which I don't understand why the oven would have been let to cool off since this is a woodfire pizza place and was not yet closed when we came in.  What would you have done bill time?  Of course we considered to leave no tip but that is not right.  I left a little but not what I would have normally tipped if the service was ok.  Am I out of line?
3	The Skinny: overall solid if you don't order the pizza that the place is named for(3), service - had varying experiences depending on the time of day (2.5), value - not so good regularly but if you go for happy hour it can be good.There's something about this place that makes us come back. I do not recommend coming here for pizza even though it is a pizza place. I know that may sound strange, but don't do it. The only pizza that is worth trying is the truffle oil/brie pizza - which is rich and umami-ish. Other than that, the pizza is pretty generic and I've definitely had better.What I do come here for is their mediterranean tapas dishes. Those are yummy. I love their pomegranate fattouche salad. There's something about the mixture of parsley, mint, persian cucumbers and tomatoes that sets off the pleasure receptors in my brain. I think its' the combo of sweet and tangy - like a really good balsamic. The crunch of the lavash crouton doesn't hurt either.Duck tacos are delicious - tender and savoury they hit the spot. I like their mediterranean skewers and their hummus and flat bread although they are not my favourite thing here. (yes! it's by far the salad).Because we love the tapas and find the pizza only okay, I would recommend happy hour as the best time to come because the tapas are half-price. Sweet!
1	Sammy's has a good reputation as the familiar place you go to with friends or family, but this location is all wrong. The food tastes like it's slapped together. No care whatsoever. The presentation is deceiving because it does look nice. I've tried the place twice and each time ordered salad and pizza. The salad is fine. You can't go wrong here just have to buy and stock fresh ingredients. But the pizza is just horrible. The crust is tasteless, the toppings are deflated and molded into the crust, overall I would say it tastes like frozen pizza.
5	duck tacos were yummy in my tummy!!
4	THIS PIZZA WAS THE DOPEST PIE I'VE EVER HAD! WHY AREN'T YOU EATING AT SAMMY's....RIGHT NOW!!Ok, in all seriousness, my lunch was damn good today. I realize that my Yelp reviews are starting to sound like Kanye West hacked my account.Popped in for lunch and had the pleasure of joining an "Old School" (kickball reference) with Arlene B. and Katie K....all recent Yelperazzis.The good:--Goat Cheese Pizza was perfect! The cheese was the right amount and didn't take over my palate.--Edamame--Sprinkled with sesame seeds. Nice touch--The crispy flatbread is delicious and has a nice little spicy kick to it. Ask for it when you get seated.--The salads look amazing.--The iced tea is bomb. For realsies.--Although it was busy for the lunch rush, staff was very attentive.--Solid menu. Lots of stuff for even the pickiest eater.The bad:--I wanted to brag about the pizza and thank Sammy's. I went to their Facebook page. And the wall was private. WTF! So much for taking customer opinions, feedback and such. FB is a good spot to do that. --Air conditioning. Although it was somewhat ok inside, I would've liked it to be a bit cooler. It's 110 outside. But then again, that's just me. And I'm not complaining....I'm just saying.The ugly:My fat belly. It was happy from my delicious and awesome lunch.I'm coming back. Many times. And I'd be interested in eating my way through the whole menu.The Happy Hour looks awesome too!!Now that you've made it this far...ISN"T THIS THE DOPEST PLACE EVER!!!
1	I came here for lunch with my coworkers and the experience was awful. The only good thing I have to say is that the waiter was on the ball with drink refills. I ordered the Thai Chicken pizza and it was drowned in cilantro. The crust was thin and rubbery as was the cheese. The pizzas are all individual sized so they are somewhat pricey. It's not worth paying so much money for so little food when there are much better places like Mama Luigis and Grimaldi's near by.
2	I am trying not to be too biased writing this, I do have the reputation of being a pizza snob. I know a few people who rave about this place, I personally just don't understand what the big deal is. This was the second time I have gone to Sammy's and I both times it has been OK. I ordered the New York Style minus mushrooms, I finished my meal so it's not bad food. The place probably has been hyped higher than it should of been. There are better choices in Vegas so I find it hard to recommend.
1	If i could give 0 stars i would.  I just left here with some coworkers and not one of us was happy with our pizza.  3 of us purchased the thai chicken pizza.  The pizza had so much cilantro you could barely taste anything else.  To top everything off , when i bit into my second slice of pizza the chicken still had a decent sized bone , STILL IN IT.   To give them credit , they did comp my pizza and did keep the ice tea flowing , but honestly i will never visit this location again.  Ive had way better "upscale" pizza at CPK ( California Pizza Kitchen)Ambiance 4\5Server 3\5Food 0\5Cost 0\5.Ive chewed 2 pieces of gum and still taste cilantro & free choking hazard with every purchase act now !
3	I was highly impressed by this place. But that does not rally meam ouch as i went into eating here with completely low standards. Also the restaurant was chosen gust because of its close proximate to my house. The pizza i ordered was exactly what I expected it to be. My dad ordered a small thai chicken salad and took about a third of it home. The prices seemed about a buck or two too high per item but that is probably how they make their margin. The service was fine and the food tasty but nothing overly impressive to take it out of the three star range and into the superb ranks.
3	Sammy's pizza is harmonious. What I mean, is that the prices are reasonably balanced with the flavors and quality of the food. For about $12 you can order a pizza that serves two people, with many fresh ingredients. I've also had the salads and appetizers here. The coconut shrimp skewers are a little too sweet for me. Since coconut has a lot of natural sugar, it is overkill to serve something coated in it with an even sweeter sauce. I think offering something spicy, maybe with Sriraucha in it would help. We usually vary our order, so I've tried just about everything on the menu. I prefer the plain Jane cheese pizza over all the others. This is concerning, since clearly Sammy's isn't specializing in just cheese pizza. If I'm feeling too lazy to cook I'll"ll carry out from Sammy's since its close, affordable, and not too greasy. The BBQ Chicken pizza is quite good, but you can't go wrong with a classic.
4	Christmas is a time to be with family and it doesn't matter where you spend it as long as you spend it with loved ones.  We decided to eat at Sammy's Woodfired Pizza since my step dad loves vegetarian pizza and anything vegetables.  We thought that only Asian restaurants were open but luckily they were.Hosts greeted us with smiles and politeness.  Being Christmas Eve, you'd think they would be miserable working.  After we sat down, we ordered our drinks.  Bread and butter is served as requested since they were conserving - per the menu.  So, we ordered it anyway just because.  As for dinner our order were as follows:1.)  Vegetarian Pizza - Trilled eggplant, onions, zucchini, bell peppers, red onions, tomatoes, fontina, with roasted garlic sauce.  This was surprisingly tasty and delicious.  I can't be more satisfied with how this turned out.  2.)  Chilled Roast Vegetable Salad - Spinach, fresh mozzarella pearls, Edamame, artichoke, yellow tomato, red bell pepper, onion, basil, lemon, balsamic, extra virgin olive oil.This was an awesome salad.  For all the vegetarians out there, I'd recommend ordering this as well as the Vegetarian Pizza.  I loved the combination of the vegetables with the balsamic vinegar and olive oil.  3.)  Mini Kobe Beef Hamburgers - Kobe Beef with Chipotle aioli.It was definitely delicious and the bf definitely felt full after the two out of three mini burgers were devoured.  His eyes were definitely bigger than his stomach and couldn't finish it.We were completely stuffed we couldn't fit any dessert in our tummy.  Normally I don't like the pizza's this restaurant has to offer but I will make an exception to the Vegetarian menu.  :D
3	Hit happy hour (4-6PM; $2 off beer and wine, 1/2 off all tapas) on a thursday.  Place was busy but had seating available.  We opted for the bar.Ordered a couple of beers a piece, nice and cold with optional cold pint glass.  Limited selection, we had Peroni and Newcastle.  Food selections:  chicken lettuce wraps- on-point, my favorite item on the tapas menu;  kobe beef hummus- seems weird, and was a little, but tastey, and the flatbread they serve with it is good; lobster bisque- I did not try it but when asked how it was, described as "lobster bisque."  So, seems like "so-so" to me.Overall, good experience.  Good service.  We were watching the chefs and prep in the kitchen and they were tediously measuring out EVERYTHING- to the ounce.  So, you're going to get consistency here.
4	Went to Sammy's on a Friday night at 7:45. It was about 70% full and we we were seated immediately . Our server was excellent , super friendly but she was one of only 2 servers working the shift. She said ' management' let the other servers go home. I guess they're running things as lean as possible. I would question the wisdom of this policy. With slightly brisker service we would have ordered more drinks etc, multiply a few drinks by a few tables and you surely make more profit than you would save by sending home a couple of servers an hour early. The manager here is clearly not seeing the bigger picture. Anyway the food; We started with Kobe Skewers and Edamame , both excellent . Kids had quesadilla and noodles with grilled chicken. Both veery good indeed. I had chicken pizza on Artisan Crust , very light and tasty. I would recommend but I don't know how they charge $2 extra for the crust . There are many gluten free options on the menu which should suit the followers of Americas latest dietary "trend". Overall a good restaurant , not cheap but good food , ambiance , staff , convenient . Worth a look!
4	Staff is nice, place is clean, food is yummy.  Nothing entirely special or stand out about it but delicious none the less.
2	Finally, I try Sammy's!  It was well worth the wait.  We arrive around 7pm on a week night.  The place is pretty steady.  We're seated.  So far, so good.  Our drink orders arrive in a timely manner.  Sip, sip.  Now we have a dilemna, what to order.  I play it safe and get the Garlic Cheese Bread for an appetizer and Caesar salad for an entree.  The fiance orders the Brie Cheese w/Truffle Oil Thin Crust Pizza.  The cheese bread arrives and tastes alright.  Good start!  My salad arrives and looks pretty good--large and fresh.  Bite, munch, chomp, ewwwwwwwwwww.  Looks are deceiving.  I don't know what it was about their dressing but it tasted gross!  Slightly fishy is okay but just gross.  I eat about seven forks-worth to see if the taste would change, nope. Yuck!  The Brie Cheese w/Truffle pizza arrives and looks so-so.  Very bland and overloaded with truffle oil.  Half of it was forcefully eaten.Our server was pleasant and asked how our food was.  We sincerely replied "It's okay."  She definitely noticed we weren't very happy with the food.  Hmm, kind of disappointing that she offered no remedy.  Later, she asked if she could box up our leftovers but we declined.  She again asked, "Was everything okay?"  We let her know we didn't like the taste of our food, particularly the salad and the pizza.  She apologizes but we  reaffirm with her it's not her fault our taste buds don't agree with Sammy's.  First of all, I really wish she would've offered to substitute another dish since she obviously knew we didn't like our food.  Then, we get our check.  Everything is accounted for, including the wine and two sodas that were ordered.  WTF!  She couldn't even omit the sodas!  Luckily, our bill was small, around $40, all said and done $48 down the tubes.  I should've been a stickler and asked for some sort of compensation but, I just can't be "THAT" person.
4	I've been to several Sammy's, but this was the first visit to this location.  Though they have the same decor and the same fabulous fabric lights that I love, somehow there is a coldness to this location that I don't feel at the others.  The big advantage to this one is that it's right next door to my favorite froyo - Yogurtland.  We ordered the same as always:  the Thai chicken salad with the dressing on the side, and a goat cheese pizza.  Considering that the restaurant was nearly empty, it took a very long time to get the food.  And when it finally arrived, the salad had the dressing on it.  That was okay with my husband, who dived right in, but not with me.  So I waited, and waited some more.  By the time the replacement came, my husband was nearly finished and was ready for his pizza.Both salads seemed larger than we remembered; we always order the small.  Sure enough, when we got the bill, we were charged for a large salad.  What a dippy waitress - couldn't get anything right!The manager was so nice and accommodating that I bumped it back up to four stars.  And the pizza was delicious!
4	Simply put, Sammy's Woodfired Pizza has one of the best menus in town!  Their pizza options are great, they have fantastic salads, and their appetizers are stellar.  The deserts are pretty damn bomb too!  And it's hard to improve upon greatness, but Sammy's constantly does by adding new dishes to their menu.The BBQ Chicken pizza here is awesome!  The best I've ever had.  They also have the best hummus I've ever had from a restaurant.  The mini duck tacos are magnificent as well!  The Thai Chicken salad is one of the greatest salads I've ever chowed down on too.  And as far as deserts...you can't go wrong with the Messy Sundae!Happy hour here is great!  Everyday from 4-6pm, all appetizers/tapas, beer and wine are half off.  And if you're a LVAC member, show your membership card here to get 20% off of your bill.  The inside decor is very nice, with a good amount of seating.  There is also outdoor seating for those nice and non-windy days.  The hostess, wait staff, and managers are all very nice and friendly as well.There are only a few things I would change here to make it a 5-star spot.  First, have beer on draft available.  Draft always beats bottle in taste!  And second, I wish the parking lot was bigger.  There are quite a few stores and restaurants here in this shopping center, and the limited parking can make getting a spot a bit of a chore on certain days and times of the week.
5	Wow!  Their menu is spectacular!  In comparison to the various other restaurants that serve "pizza and the like," you can't go wrong with the prices and even moreso, the variety of ingredients Sammy's has!For starters, their mini duck tacos were outstanding!  Whoa, a small biteful that gives your mouth a bang with their feta cheese, tomatoes, cabbage and a creamy tomato-cilantro sauce!  THE KIDS ATE IT!  That's enough for me to say!  Wished I could have eaten more of it...To give you an idea of what's on the menu for appetizers, there's hummus w/ground kobe beef, Mediterranean or coconut shrimp skewers, baba ghanoush, and Thai chicken satay to name a few.My husband and I chose their Artisan thin crust pizzas.  His was the Dorothea and Oven Roasted Tomato, made with this aged goat cheese that was to die for!!!  AAHHH!  Delicious!  I had the Brie Cheese with Truffle Oil pizza with sauteed wild mushrooms.  It was tasty, although nothing compared to the Dorothea goat cheese!  Mmmm!  All I can say about mine was that I wished it had more mushrooms on it, and possibly, more of my husband's goat cheese on it!  Hah!  Their woodfired pizza also offer different crusts from whole wheat, to even gluten-free.  The rest of the menu hosts a variety for every diet needs, from vegan to dairy-free selections to the most newest and finer ingredients that outshine most comparable restaurants of this style.The service was excellent!  Our server was so friendly and polite with us.  She had even offered to bring out their "Messy Sundae" for our 5-year old daughter - it was her birthday dinner here!  We didn't even mention it to our server, but it was kind of her to suggest it!  Of course, it was birthday discounted, so that made it much more nicer of our server!Although this place looks bar-sy, it's hard to believe that soo many families dine here!  We love it!  This is definitely our new family restaurant!  What's even better, is the fact that they have "Happy Hour" between 4pm and 6pm daily!  50% off of some of their menu items!  This is the reason why we are definitely making a return trip soon!
4	Never had a bad meal at any location...  The ground beef hummus is the best hummus I've had in my life!  Tonight I tried the coconut shrimp for the first time and I ate the whole thing!   It was outstanding!The only reason they are losing a star is because we got there around 8:30, they closed at 9:30 and we could feel them trying to get out soon.  At about 9:00 the entire staff of 3 sat down to eat a meal in the restaurant in front of customers.  Our waitress was still very nice and attentive so I don't want to complain about service, but it was a little off-setting.  Could they not have waited another 30 minutes until the restaurant was closed or go in the back and take a few bites?  Not very professional at all and made it feel like we were a burden.I definitely want to reiterate that despite the hiccup, our service was good and the food was still excellent... Would not keep me from returning by any means or recommending it to friends and family!
4	As I mentioned on my review for a different Sammys location the Mac & Cheese is a must get when you are here.  In fact you should get it if you are just driving by.  try it and let me know what you think.
1	Terrible service, came in at 9:27 PM with eight people, place was empty and they said kitchen closes in three minutes and were quite rude!  We left and went to Firefly that was quite busy and had wonderful service and food there!  These place will go out of business because of poor service!
2	It's not often that I write a negative review. I usually try to find the positives and give a place at least an A-OK. I can't really do that for this Sammy's, unfortunately.First, the good. I enjoyed the lobster bisque. It had nice chunks of lobster in it, was served at a nice just-barely-too-hot temperature (i.e. room to cool down), and it was creamy and delicious.That was really the only enjoyable part of the meal. We also ordered a garlic shrimp pizza and a balsamic chicken salad. I couldn't really taste much garlic in the pizza. Actually, the pizza overall was just blah. While it wasn't terrible, it certainly didn't match up with pizza I've had previously at other Sammy's. Perhaps the fact that I was at Grimaldi's just a few days ago didn't help things. Grimaldi's owns Sammy's any day of the week.As for the chicken salad, it was a huge portion, but it just seemed like it was drenched in that vinaigrette. I couldn't eat much of it before I had to stop. Although we had a lot of salad left over, neither of us wanted to take any of it to go. Strangely enough, the server didn't even ask if we wanted it to go. (Not complaining!)Speaking of the wait staff, our server was nice enough, but upon entering, it took a while before there was anyone to greet us. We weren't sure if we should just seat ourselves. That's just a minor thing, but when the overall dining experience is sub-par, things like that just stick out.Walking into Sammy's, I hadn't eaten all day and was starving. Walking out, I was no longer hungry, but I wasn't satisfied either. It's a shame because I remember enjoying the food at the CMYE a few months ago.
4	I've been to the Sammy's on Sahara before but wanted to try this one out.  It won over Five Guys, a place I still want to splurge upon soon.  The dining room is small but the lighting helps keep it inviting.  My party of four ordered two pizzas - Hawaiian and Garlic Shrimp, both were excellent.  I especially liked the Shrimp pizza.  If you're not a fan of garlic though, choose something else.  The server was competant but seemed a bit impatient as well.  All in all, a great meal and experience.  Highly recommended.
4	I come to this location often and I have never been disappointed with service or quality of food. I recommend the Garlic Bread and the Chopped Chicken Salad. Loses a star because they no longer offer the half size salad portion. Seems a little cheap on their part.
2	I love the food at Sammy's, but my overall experience here was very negative! I have been to the location on Sahara and the location at Rainbow and 215 and have never had bad service before.When we first walked in, no one greeted us. It was a Thursday afternoon. About 5 tables inside and no one was on the patio because it was windy. We weren't sure if we should seat ourselves so we stood waiting. I looked at a few servers who passed us by but no one said anything to us. Finally a server told us we seat ourselves. So we asked to wait for a booth they had, it just needed to be clear of cups and trash. The busser literally took 10 minutes to come out. He was very kind, but slow. By now, I was ready to walk out because I work in the service industry. My family member told us we should just wait and see if it gets better so I agreed. We sit and wait yet again. The server didn't come until about another 5 minutes later. She asked if we needed menus. We said yes. So she left, then came back a few minutes later and handed us our menus. The manager was on the phone the whole time while this was going on by the way and looked at us, but did nothing. Our server didn't warmly greet us at all, but said a few words. She just stared at us, waiting for us to order. So I ordered our drinks. She came back with drinks, said nothing. Then asked if we're ready by saying "Ready?" So we decided to order right away after waiting 30 minutes with nothing yet accomplished. The weird thing is that when other people came in after us, the other servers were warm and friendly and actually seated them to the booths. My food came out semi-warm but I ate it anyway because we were starved. Not to metion we ordered my niece her food off the kids menu and asked if we could have her milk after she ate because then she won't eat. The waitress said it doesn't come with a drink and I lifted up the kid's menu to show her. She just stared at us, so I said nevermind. It was really weird. I've ordered take-out a few weeks ago and the hostess treated me better than our server. I always look out for good service because I am a server myself. I would have told the manager at this location about our experience but he was nowhere to be found.Was very disappointed. Place seemed very unorganized, staff-wise.
5	I've eaten at Sammy's many times but always allow others to order for me since we generally get pizza.  Well, be prepared for a party in your tummy with the array of yummy goodness Sammy's offer.  One of my absolute favorite was the mini Duck Tacos!  An unexpected surprise of flavorful, crunchy deliciousness.  Oh and don't forget to try the Organic Arugula & Pear Pizza...delish!This environment is family friendly and offers great service.  I will most definitely be going back.
5	Awesome service and food! Gotta get the messy sundae!!!
2	I Hope to god the food varies by location.
2	They changed the menu!  My server tried to explain the items they no longer had.  When I complained and said I would come less often (i usually come twice a month) my server, Christopher R, decided to just walk away after chirping "It was changed well over a month ago".The pizza I decided to order was horrible.  Needless to say based on the change in the menu and the horrible service that I won't be going back anytime soon.
1	Wow truly the worst place you can go to they don't even have the original plain cheese pizza DO NOT COME TO THIS PLACE
4	Nice little pizza plus place in the burbs of Vegas. A service was great and waiter very attentive. Apps were brought out quickly and lobster bisque was very tasty, chili was so so. Pizzas were very good and plenty enough to even share. Two of us has salads that were massive. Balsamic chicken salad was personal favorite, but plenty of food for table with leftovers to go home. Caught in a downpour and waiter offered to fashion some paper hats for us put of the kids menus. Nice touch
4	Delicious food, good service!  Great variety of food, something for everyone.  I even tried duck tacos and was pleasantly surprised.  Our waiter, Steve was also very kind and speedy.
3	Sammy's happy hour is pretty great!  $2 off beer and wine and 1/2 price all tapas.  This means 2 people can have a smorgasbord of apps and a drink with tax and tip for around $40.  We have tried treasures such as the fried tofu, chicken meatballs, babaganoush, hummus, potstickers, parmesan crusted artichokes, and cheesy garlic bread.The hummus, babaganoush and garlic cheesy bread are HEAVY on the garlic.  I like it very much but it may not be for everyone!WARNING: The Parmesan crusted artichokes are stuffed with goat cheese; this is not on the menu and serves a nasty surprise for those who do not like goat cheese!The chicken meatballs come with a delightful side of spicy pickled cucumbers.  yum.  They are a winner.  The fried tofu comes with a tasy miso sauce.  Also very good.  All in all a good choice for happy hour.  Many items to choose from at bargain prices of $3.50 - $6. and a glass of wine for $5 to wash it all down.  I'm a fan!
5	Food was great. Service from John was very good as well. They created some excellent dishes that were not on the menu to please our appetite. I appreciate great service, and appreciate the visit from the manager to explain our meal delay, and ensure our comfort and pleasure with the meal at the end!
4	Delicious! Good food and great happy hour. It is definitely a hot spot for lunch too (besides happy hour).
2	They changed their menu. When I asked the waiter if they changed their menu he gave me attitude and said, 'well if you have to ask then obviously we changed it.'  First off, I don't need attitude a nice yes let me tell you what is different, would have been better. The new menu isn't great. They took off some important items that I liked. The main problem I'm having is they changed their Caesar dressing (one of the reasons I used to go here) and they completely changed their pizza. The crust used to be delicious. Now it's mediocre at best. Their sauce was amazing. Now no flavor. They had good pepperoni and cheese. Not anymore. The final problem I have is they are picky about their couponing. Basically for two drinking water you can't get out of there for less than $30 with a coupon. Wait staff not as friendly as before. Prices are too high. And not food isn't good. Probably wont go back :/
4	A Vegas standard for woodfired pizza for years. I eaten at many of the locations around town and have never been disappointed.My faves are the beet salad. Yum. The BBQ chicken pizza. Classic Yum. The lobster mac n cheese. Classic double Yum and the Margherita pizza. You can get gluten free crust if you're into that kinda thing. I'm not but I just throw that in here to sound cool.This particular location is never too crazy busy and always gets the food and service right.
4	There are two things I crave whenever I go to Sammy's: the arugula & pear pizza and the salted caramel pudding.  I enjoy date nights here and the two of us usually share those two items and are perfectly content for the evening.  They are sooooo delicious and just perfectly satisfying.This location has one large room with a small bar, tables, and booths.  The restaurant is dimly light and you can feel a draft throughout the restaurant whenever the door opens since it's just one large room.  When you walk in, there is no "Please wait to be seated" sign and there's usually no host/hostess, so we end up waiting around a bit awkwardly until someone notices us and leads us to a table.  Coincidently, we've ended up at the exact same time the last 3 times we were here.Service has usually been prompt whenever we come here for dinner (around 6-8pm).  Unfortunately, all the tables and booths are pretty close together, so you end up overhearing a lot of conversations, even if you're not trying to. Foodwise, I feel like the menu offers a delicious and appealing variety.  As previously stated, the arugula & pear pizza is absolutely delicious, as is the salted caramel pudding.  If you only order two things, make it those!I gave it 4 stars because of the environment.  Each time we've come here, we've had odd neighbors and overhead many conversations we didn't need to and ended up people watching since most our neighbors were odd people.  I would just try asking for a more private table, if that's possible in a large open room.
4	Im sort of amazed at how many 1 and 2 star reviews this place has. I have been here multiple times and have not had any problems with the service or the food. The wait staff has always been very friendly with us when we go and the ambiance is really laid back. I always order the same thing when I go. The pear and arugula pizza (I know it sounds weird but its soooo good) and the salted caramel pudding. Every time it has been just as good as the last and the pricing is not bad if you don't order alcohol.  For 2 people ordering a pizza with desert and Ice teas cost $28.
5	I love their Balsamic Chicken Salad! I've always had great service and when I have guests from out of town I always bring them to Sammy's!
5	This Sammys is great. The service is always awesome and the food is always delicious .  Happy hour is great too! 1/2 off tapas and wine from 3-6  .( which is awesome because i am addicted to their duck tacos!! those are  a must try )   i have a great experience every time i come in to dine for lunch or dinner and i am always treated with excellent service!!!
3	This is the first time I've been here in YEARS. I opted for a "healthy" option - the Chilled Veg Salad and I added a half a breast of grilled chicken. This was a pretty good salad!! LOTS of veggies and a nice dressing/vinaigrette on it. I loved the little mozzarella pearls and ate nearly the entire salad. I did ask if they had any lunch combo's like pizza/salad but they DON'T so yeah... Salad it was!
4	I've eaten at various Sammy's in the past, however this was my first time eating here. We tried to order from here a few weeks prior to no luck as they didn't have some of the menu items I typically order.We did however order some salads & decided to pass on the happy hour, which is pretty awesome! It's half off tapas & $2 off beers & wines from 3-6pm.The request was for no cheese on one of the 2 salads. The salad came up for it to be delivered. Either the server didn't put in the special order originally or the chef didn't read the ticket entirely. I overheard the server Steve S. state 'this was ordered w/ no cheese' so the crisis was avoided. The person is allergic to dairy. It was good that we were sitting by the kitchen to over here the avoidance.Another great experience at Sammys!
4	I love this place! Truffle pizza, lobstar mac and cheese, and duck tacos. The three things needed after a long day of work. Sign me up anytime and everytime....:)
5	I am torn on how to review this Sammy's... Why? Not because my dinner wasn't terrific. It was. Sammy's Pizza & Grill is consistently impressing my tummy and the service is always GREAT! I normally visit the Sahara location and I love it so my expectations are set high. So WHY am I torn on how to review it? I had an extremely+friendly+terrific server that seemed a little over-eager to wait on my boyfriend and I. I feel bad saying that, because he really was such a good waiter. Why was he over-eager? When he was taking our drink order, he looked at my iphone and sawI had checked in on Yelp. It made me slightly uncomfortable that he looked at my phone; what if I had was doing something private that I wasn't happy to share with my waiter?? He then mentioned his name so I could Yelp about him... And commented on making sure he gave us the best of everything 3/4 times... Shouldn't everyone get the best of everything everyday?? FOOD: 5 Stars! I love that you can get all of the wraps with lettuce instead of bread for a healthier option. My boyfriend had the wheat bbq chicken pizza and it was WONDERFUL! Our appetizer of the Satay chicken skewers were also very tasty. CLEANLINESS: 5 Stars. The decor in this location is nicer and the tables don't feel overly smushed together despite it being smaller than the other location. SERVICE: 4ish Stars: John was a great waiter. He is very outgoing, he brought out fresh ice for our water refills and he definitely isn't against going the extra mile for the guests. BUT he removed my boyfriends fork, said he would bring him another one and never came back... Kinda annoying because he wanted to eat. Also, it really ticked me off that he looked at my cell phone. He made a big deal about Yelp users, which was thoughtful... But I personally like using Yelp because it allows users to review the food/service on an everyday basis... Not on your best behavior.THEY GO THE EXTRA MILE HERE: Because John saw me check in on my phone, he brought us a HUGE free Ice Cream sundae. Very thoughtful, but my boyfriend couldn't eat it because of his Blood Sugar level, hopefully they fed it to someone so it didn't go to waste. PRICE: $35 + $6 Tip=$41 for our pizza, wrap and appetizer. Worth it to us because the food is great and the service is consistently good. It is a step above Applebees price wise, but totally worth it. If you like Firefly, you will love this place! I am giving this place 5 stars based on the food and their friendly staff... But honestly I would suggest that the wait staff not make a habit of reading customers' phones. If they are eager for Yelpers to check-in maybe they could offer a check-in deal here for a half priced app or something? I certainly wouldn't be against another chicken Satay :)
5	Such good food! I love that they have options that will appeal to all my friends with food requirements: Vegen, Gluton Free. The staff is always friendly and it's never a long wait (if any) for lunch service. My favorite is the chilled veggie salad with chicken, whatever they do to those artichokes is incredible!! Prices are a bit high for an everyday lunch spot but for the once and a while treat, this is definitely the place!They also have a pretty good happy hour, which always makes me happy! :)
4	Great gluten-free meal options! I ordered the Greek Salad with 1/2 of a chicken breast and it was a generous size. I just found out they also deliver, which is awesome because they are right down the street from where I work. The prices are a bit high, but the meal size was so generous that I had leftovers for another meal. My coworkers and I sat on the patio on a hot day and the shade makes it bearable. The service was quick and the server was really nice. Great place to go for a sit-down lunch with a group of friends, as there are options for everyone across the board.
5	Best place ever. Get the mini duck tacos...damn those are so good ...sooooo good :P
4	Great place to come for lunch with friends. The salads are large enough for two people and they don't mind splitting them if you ask. Get the tropical unsweetened iced tea instead of the regular!!PROS:Tropical Iced TeaGreek SaladBaba GanoushParmesan Crusted ArtichokesHummusFig, caramelized onions & gorgonzola flatbread (Amazing!)Strawberry & watermelon saladProsciutto & artichoke pizzaCONS:Chicken Lettuce Cups - to much sauce and too much of a smokey flavor for my taste.Tapas - priced on the high side.
5	Great pizza, great tapas, and great pasta! The angel hair pasta is to die for and my other favorite is the greek salad with chicken. The chicken is so tender and juicy lightly grilled on the outside. Yum! Pizzas are small but perf size to get your pizza crave in without feeling overloaded! Water is served cold just how i like it without having to have ice in the cup. Nice dim ambience inside. They also have patio seating! Ask for Emily, shes awesome and is very attentive to your needs and cute!
4	My first time coming here yesterday.  Me and the sister spent 2 hours at Chuckie Cheese and wanted pizza but not the chuckie cheese pizza..or whatever it is they serve over there, haha. We were promptly seated, our waitress was very nice and saved us some money when we were contemplating ordering by telling us how large the portions are and that we could split the pizza and salad between the 4 of us (me, sister 2 kids)We started out with a bread basket. It had some sourdough and some crispy cracker like wafers which had a spicy kick to them, yummy!!!   Muy Bueno!We decided to keep it simple for the kids and get the pepperoni and the chopped chicken salad (sub. ranch dressing over the red wine vinaigrette)   the pizza was great, very crispy crust and the tomato sauce was yummyyyyyy. The pepperoni's were large and tasted fresh. The salad was honestly the star of the show - i love a salad that is chopped and has enough dressing to cover everything, no dry spots in here!!!!!!!Earlier while ordering we told the waitress we were trying to save room for some frozen yogurt next door and she was nice enough to bring us out a free "messy" sundae. It was HUGE and sooooooooooooo delicious. (I posted a pic)   the kids went cray-cray for it and I can only imagine how bad they were bouncing off the walls when they got home that night from all the sugar...  sorry Sis! hahahahahaha
4	Some co-workers and I were in the area for work and decided to check out Sammy's. I have been to other locations before but this was my first time at this one. Good service and delicious food as always with Sammy's. This time I tried ordering a salad, since I've only had pizzas and appetizers at Sammy's, and it came out huge! It was literally a mountain of Chinese chicken salad! The salad was tasty and not over-dressed.It's a nice place overall and the waitress was very attentive and kept coming by. I would recommend this location and would definitely return in the future when in the area
2	We came here for a fundraiser for our school. The pizzas are pretty small and bland. the salads are forgettable also.
5	Great service - rich menu - excellent gluten free options . Worth the drive if you are any where in Las Vegas ! Note this is NOT a sports bar but a classy,comfortable Bistro for all occasions. Also outside seating!
4	Yummy Duck tacos!!!! They are a must have if you come here. Pizza was eh ok, kind of greasy.
4	On a recent trip to LV a pal suggested we try Sammys. the food with fun, creative and not so strongly flavored that your first action while getting in the car is to grab gum. The salads are good sized and the pizza have a nice balanced flavor. Ask the wait staff for suggestions or any customization you need - they were knowledgeable and very helpful
4	Customer service along with great food are primary in any restaurant. In my first time experience with Sammy's at this location, I can give it 4 Stars.The man who took my order ( should have gotten his name) was naturally friendly and made sure that the timing of my to go order would work for me. That's a first in my take out history. The food was on time and the pizza was in box that is better than most I've seen. It kept it nice and hot until I got home. I'll go back again soon, to be sure. I won't keep eating pizza's but I'll try other things including a sit down. If it falters I'll amend this or write another review.
5	Sammy's is probably my favorite chain restaurant. The food is consistently good and the menu offers many healthy options that sound and taste delicious. My favorites are the Duck Tacos appetizer and the Baja tacos entree.Did you know they have cotton candy?? I didn't until recently. The serving looks huge but it's just all fluffy sugar so you can eat it all! Well... I can ... gulp. It's a fun alternative to their messy sundae.Wait staff is always attentive.  I've been here many times for happy hour and they'll warn me when the time is getting close when the happy hour ends so I can get in another drink or app on the discount.
1	The food quality has gone down over the years, but they have taken on a new low. We ordered the Cesar salad. It was drenched in dressing and the romaine was limp and old, which was evident from the red pieces. The prosciutto pizza with artichoke is what has kept us returning, but even that was a disappointment. The pizza came out stiff and cracked in pieces because it was so dry. The server had the nerve to act like it was fine, stating they now roll out the dough thinner. We had them remake the pizza, which made it edible, but it was not enjoyable like before. We did enjoy the sliders, earning the 1 star. We watched as our server bussed a table, dropping glass on the floor. We were appalled that none of his coworkers came by to help, especially considering the hazard it posed. This place attracts a lot of families with small children because of the cotton candy and messy sundae. Parents beware... When the bill arrived for over $30 it just added to the pain of our visit. We couldn't wait to get out of here!
5	I love Sammy's Balsamic Grilled Salad. I also recommend the Chinese Chicken Salad. And while I'm not a big fan of chain, I do like Sammy's.   The Flamingo location is not as crowded as it others I have gone to, but I guess it's early.   Was greeted right when i walked in the door which is a huge plus and doesn't always happen.
5	This is the best neighborhood joint.  Such nice staff. Got greeted immediately and had a nice server named Samantha.  We didn't even realize that they had a happy hour since we haven't been here in awhile but we came at the right time (3-6pm every day) and got the duck tacos (AMAZING!) baba ganoush (sp? Haha) & the Japanese meatballs.  Such a good little tapas stop.  Glad we revisited this place after not having stopped back in awhile. Forgot they had all these amazing options besides pizza.  *** please remember to tip on the total amount  before the discount was taken out.  They're giving us a discount so let's repay the "happy hour" by making the server happy and tipping them on what they would have gotten before the discount was applied! ***
5	Our server was so attentive. I believe his name was Russel? We came in a group of about 10 and we had the check split up a few different ways so I really aprreciate him doing that without being at all bothered. I had the lobster mac&cheese and I enjoyed it! The restaurant has a lot of differnet options so the group was all satisfied. Will be back for sure!
5	Sammy's is my new happy hour spot! 3-6 Daily with half off tapas and $2 of wines by the glass. Everything that Mike or Emily recommended was delicious! The service was engaging, fun, and welcoming. I'm going back today after making sure I write my review to go with the pics I took a couple days ago ;) thank you guys! Did this get posted?????
5	Happy hr 3-6 daily half priced tapas & $$ off on wine & beer
1	If I could rate zero I would. 3 years ago at this Sammy's location, my husband and I shared a grilled chicken salad and pizza for dinner. We both were DEATHLY ill with food poisoning the next day. It took days to recover. The worse case of food poisoning we have ever had!!!!! My husband even walked himself to the urgent care for medical attention. Would NEVER return.
4	I just had a real good BBQ Chicken Pizza here at Sammy's. I like the service as well as they bring you a craft of whatever you are drinking so you do not have to wait for a server to refill your glass. I would recommend this as a nice date place. -Matthew Yarbrough-
4	Been here several times and the food never disappoints. Servers are attentive and the atmosphere is modern and clean. The appetizers are fun and savory. I love the grits entree and hubby loves the pizza. Nice, spacious booth seating too...great spot for friends/fam who want to gather around and visit.
