5	Great beer and the best Pulled Pork Sandwich I've ever had. The BBQ sauce is amazing!!
3	The Restaurant Biz is tough.  You only get one chance to make a first impression.  My first impression of this place is not so good.  My incredibly simple order was a bowl of soup and a small salad.  Nearly 30 minutes later, my meal arrived.  The place was not busy, about 1/3 full.  There was no indication that the person waiting on me was concerned at all.  She represents me in the kitchen.  She should be on them to get the simple order out.  Again, soup and salad.  Should have taken 5 minutes.  Lunch needs to be pretty quick.   There was no apology, no explanation for the long delay.  The salad was above average and the soup was quite good.   Service must improve or customers like me will travel to one of the dozen other places near the square where I can get good food without a half hour wait.*** UPDATE   I returned to give them another chance.  Today's lunch was served much quicker and the waitstaff apologized for my last visit.  The salad was delicious:  The Continental and the Beer and Cheese soup was hot and good.   my only slight complaint today was that I was asked if i wanted a refill, then was charged for that.  I didn't expect that, but it may be on the menu.  not sure.   12-2-10
4	Great beer, and decent food.
4	Nice addition to the local pub scene.  The decor is perfect with exposed stone walls and tin ceiling, only wish the building was bigger to showcase it better. Wait staff was attentive and friendly.  The $4 pints of beer couldn't be any fresher. The cheese curds are very good, beer and cheese soup was rich and tasty,  served with a good size sprinkling of popcorn.  Californian chopped salad wasn't much more than a very large plate of lettuce with a few sunflower seeds and an overdose of alfalfa sprouts, couldn't locate the promised avocado.  We will be back to try out the rest of the menu especially the fried pickles and french frites.
2	This place has an alright vibe although if you are searching for a restaurant with amazing food look elsewhere. The beer is exclusively from Capital brewery in Middleton WI. If you think their beer is interesting and good you will like this bar. I happen to think their beer is boring and uninspired. I would say this place is worth checking out but not a return destination.
3	Had lunch here today. It wasn't too busy as many downtown businesses had the day off. The choices on the menu are appealing. I ordered a chicken sandwich (has an odd name, can't think of it) and my daughter ordered an appetizer. It took a L - O - N - G time for the food to arrive, and our waitress stood looking into the kitchen rather than visiting our table to apologize for the delay. The food was good when it arrived and we both enjoyed the meal. There are a few TV's around the bar showing sports and the music was an eclectic mix of disco, 50s and 60s tunes (?). Likely we'll return but not when we're watching the clock.
4	Stopped in on New Year's Eve on our way to a hockey game.  The manager asked if we were headed to the game, and had the kitchen put a rush on our dinner.  The beer was good, and the fish fry was as good as I'd had anywhere else.  I couldn't get a stout or a porter, but other than that, it was terrific.  We'll be back!
2	My significant other loved it because he's a giant Capital Brewery junkie and I could not be less impressed. There's a lot better offerings on State St, I'll say that; but if you love Capital Brewery, this is the place.My beef with this place is that the menus are wonky: the food offerings are slim-pickings and kind of awkward choices. It's like it wants to be taken seriously as a restaurant, but really only caters to it's pub-clientele and straddles a really weird fence.The menu offers pairings for dishes to go with its beer, which is nice and all, but I'm not a huge beer drinker. They don't put any alternative beverages on their menus so it's kind of irritating. (Though, they do have a wine and liquor list, if I recall correctly.) I wound up getting their root beer, but I wasn't aware that they'd charge you for every additional refill because it's their own blend--which, again, isn't on their menu. Ugh.They do offer samplings of their beers, though, which is kind of nice, I guess.I wound-up getting the Argentinian flank steak and frites. It was all right; the pesto was probably the best I've ever had in my life, but everything else was "meh," at best. It's a sign of weakness in taste when a customer has to ask for A1 Steak Sauce to have flavor with their meat.My partner loved his chicken spiedis or whatever the hell it's called, but admitted there was a lack of flavoring there too in which neither of the two mustard offerings on the table (no ketchup, for you tomato-lovers) really helped to salvage.When this place gets its very basic menu issues sorted out, I'd be more OK with coming back here.
4	I hit up the Capital Tap Haus a couple weeks ago on a particularly frigid evening, and it was just the place to warm me up. I love the interior, they did a great job transforming the cheese shop that was previously there. Cozy booths, warm lighting, and an extremely welcoming bartender (proprietor?) made for a great stop. We were too late for food, but they've got fried pickles so I assume they're doing it right.
3	Went here just to grab a drink with friends. There's not a ton to say - they only serve Capital Brewery beers - which is fine for one night. In general though, I feel the need for more variety. We ended up getting frites, but I was severely disappointed. Smallish portion and you can definitely get better ones elsewhere in Madison.Environment: Small and dark. Nice decor for a place on State St. Hard to tell if it wanted to be a restaurant or a bar though.Service: It's a weird place. There are waitresses but it's hard to tell whether you should seat yourself and just order at the bar or not.
4	Try the double bock beer!Friendly Staff, nice location. We didn't eat, but the food smelled good!
4	Awesome outdoor seating along State Street (on the end closer to the capital bldg)Great Pilsner that they brew right there.Accept credit cards.  What more could you want?
4	I like this little classy place. It is pretty nice with LOTS of great brews. I got here pretty late a couple times but it is awesome! It has a gorgeous bar with some very classy items behind the bar such as their brass taps. They have beautiful booths that let you settle in and relax. Their staff? fantastic! really nice and really fast with drink orders. It isn't the biggest place on state but it has an awesome relaxing feel. It is one of those places to grab an afterwork drink with friends and co-workers! Their beers are crafted expertly yet they aren't too expensive!
5	As an alum of the UW, I've got a special place in my heart for The Capital Brewery.  I love their beer, Island Wheat being my favorite and it's always on tap at The Capital Tap Haus.  The food is wonderful as well, my wife and I love the fact that they use their beer in many of the dishes.  The cheese curds are absolutely out of this world!  You must try them if you go here!  The Capital Tap Haus gets 5 stars in my book!
4	great spot near the capital, with cozy outdoor seating.
3	Nice outdoor seating.  Very comfortable setting.  Beer selection is from the Capital Brewery.  Good stuff, pretty come though.  I had the Wisconsin Amber and the burger.  Both were good, beer was better than the burger.  I did really like the pretzel bun though.  The interior is nice, definitely a place to hang and drink.I will be back for a brew this weekend.
1	I went here for lunch with my friend and her boyfriend.  We went because none us had been there before and we wanted to sit outside.  None of us were really struck by anything on the menu, there was a just a weird variety of choices.  I went in wanting a salad because it was hot out, but the large salad was 8 or 9 dollars, and it is 4 dollars to add chicken to that.  Too much in my opinion (and granted healthier options do tend to cost more).  My friend and I ended up getting the burger and her boyfriend got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich.  The sandwiches come with a side salad or coleslaw and we all opted for the salad because if you want fries that will cost you an extra 3 dollars (half the price of my burger).  Again ridiculous. Our burgers were fine, not bad, not great.  The menu said they were served on a pretzel roll, and neither of our rolls seemed at all pretzel-y.  The side salad was pretty pathetic, it was shredded lettuce and big chunks of onion.  It made me glad I didn't order a large salad. The BBQ pork was supposed to come with coleslaw on the sandwich, but since my friend wanted the side salad they didn't give him the coleslaw that was supposed to come on the sandwich.  Our waitress was nice about getting him the coleslaw and explained that the kitchen doesn't put coleslaw on the sandwich (that the menu says comes with coleslaw on it) if the person gets the side salad rather than the side of coleslaw.  She said that she has to specify to the kitchen whether or not they want coleslaw on the sandwich and whether or not they want coleslaw or a salad on the side as well.  Makes things more complicated than necessary.  If you want to drink Capital beer pick some up at the grocery store and skip this place.
2	The beer is the only good thing.  Two of us went in at 830 and ordered food which was not presented to us until 920. We ordered soup&salad and a sandwhich so it wasn't something that should have taken that long.  People sitting next to is arrived 10 minutes later and got food 10 minutes sooner than us. We politely pointes this out and got only a shrug and a limp apollogy. The service was bad. The place was not busy but the servers were unattentive and didn't offer to get me another beer after I finished the first and still was waiting for our food 40 minutes after ordering. The food was nothing special.  When I asked for the check, the server grabbed my finally provided 2nd beer which I had only half finished! Clearly, they want you to wait forever for your food and then get you out quickly. Just bad bad service. Also there was no airflow or air conditioning on a warm August evening.  I like Cap brews, but I'm not going back to their restaurant.
4	I'm not usually a fan of pubs - they mostly seem to have generic interiors, bored staff and awful food (well the ones I've been to, anyway). But this place is different. Nothing about the menu is boring - lots of options, including healthy ones. The Californian salad is my favorite. It's huge, and IMO salad goes great with beer. This was also the location for the worst meal I've ever enjoyed. We came in for their Sunday brunch on our way to go camping one weekend... and I decided it was a good idea to try their french toast cinnamon roll. Terrible idea! But delicious! It was saturated in syrup and coated in cream cheese. It was the best thing that I will never consume again. The service has always been terrific. We never wait long and the servers always have good recommendations.
1	Had friends in town so there were three of us to start plus one that came later. They didn't appear to have the beers in stock that they have on the wall.  The wait staff seemed dumb and annoyed if you tried to figure things out. The "host" (older guy with whiting hair) appeared very annoyed that we were there still drinking beer in our booth after dining and in a huff removed some used napkins from the table. My guest said, "well, I guess that means it's time to go"  so true, and we'll never go back. Jerks.
2	I think if you're looking for a place to have some fries and a beer with a decent atmosphere then this is the place to go. However, if you're looking for a restaurant then you should probably try somewhere else. The menu looks pretty impressive, however, the food that comes out tends to be lukewarm and to be honest it's not anything special. I have been here 4 times now and this has been the case each time. The food is overpriced for what it is - which, like I said, is nothing to write home about and the waitstaff don't really want you to be there.
3	The Capital Tap Haus is a small bar with a couple of TV screens. They brew all their beers locally with the brewery just on the outskirts of Madison. This is an extension of the other main location they have. They have several different beers on tap which makes it nice to try new ones. I tried their Oktoberfest and wasn't a huge fan because it was a little bit bitter, but everyone was ordering it and it seemed to be well received. The size of the bar is fairly small seating about 40 people tops. It was fairly empty on a rainy Wednesday evening but I could see it being a bit more busy on a weekend evening.
1	Service was horrible. Food and beer was good, but were ruined by a waitress trying to hurry us out the door and clear plates and glasses before we were finished. Don't go here if you actually want to be able to enjoy your meal and drinks... there are many many better places to eat and get a good beer around the capital.
3	Love the beer, but the food... not so much.  To be fair, I have only been there once and was the only one eating.  Fries were pretty good, but the po boy sandwich was really not good.Great place for really good Capital beer and probably some snacks.  Wouldn't recommend it for a full meal.
3	I popped in for a late lunch by the Capital after running some errands. Service was prompt and very cordial. It's your typical brew-pub with dark wood tables, chairs and bar. Clean, dimly lit with some inviting oldies music playing through the mounted Bose system. As usual, I ordered my customary Fish and Chips entree. This is their Fish Fry Friday Every Day which is a whole fileted haddock beer battered. Ok. The fish was the star of this plate. Great size for a $13 meal, fried to a perfect crisp without being heavy, and the meat flakes like nobody's business. Served with salt and peppered real potato fries and coleslaw. Fries were  good, but I would have liked to see them be more creative with the tartar and coleslaw. Just a bit dry and bland on the slaw. I need to come back for their beer flights and other meals. Solid experience.
3	I was craving a burger on my walk up to the Capitol, so I figured I would try this place out since it has been around for a while now and had, presumably, ironed out any wrinkles.The atmosphere is very nice, plenty of TV's if you want to watch sports (no subtitles were on though) and it really feels like a comfortable place to hang out.  The place was relatively empty when I was in, but it was only 6:30pm when I walked in the door.I sat myself at the bar and was promptly greeted by the bartender.  She brought me the menus that I asked for, explained what was on tap, and as soon as I heard "Hop Cream" I knew what I was drinking.The beer also arrived quickly, which was nice seeing as the place wasn't busy.  Some places seem to lag when it's slow and when it's packed, but this place was great so far.I ordered the Tap Haus Burger with Gorgonzola and I asked to add pub chips to my order.  Now, the burger is $6.75 on its own, but the menu says that it is served with a salad.  I added Gorgonzola for $1 more.  $3 to add pub chipsThe food didn't take long, but I was surprised that instead of "adding" pub chips to my order, the pub chips took the place of the salad.  There was some pitiful coleslaw thrown on there, and maybe that's their salad for the sandwiches...but I hope not.  Anyway, I was surprised that for $2 less than an actual side order, I basically lost my side salad with my burger and got less chips and no garlic aioli.  In other words, what showed up on my plate was not worth the $10.25 I paid for it.The burger itself was well cooked, medium-well even though I wasn't asked how I wanted my burger cooked.  The meat was well seasoned as well.  A lot of places miss that part for some reason.  The garnish (lettuce, red onion, tomato) was ok, but it seemed like they took the time to painstakingly cut it all as thin as possible so that they could make their onions and tomatoes go further.  Granted, I'm sure it's a deli slicer because their pub chips are just as (paper) thin.  In any case, they were present on the burger but didn't really show up on the palate other than the onion.  They might do better with a lightly pickled red onion because uncooked red onions basically dominate everything on the plate when you eat it.  Speaking of pickles, there was a pickle spear and it was standard as pickles go.  The pretzel bun was good, though once you actually grab your burger the bun basically compresses to the thickness of a dime.  There is integrity to the bun though, so that's a plus I guess.  I didn't taste anything pretzel-like, but it looked like a pretzel bun with the very dark and glossy shell.  If they could give it a hard roll sort of texture and throw on a couple pieces of salt...it would be more of a pretzel I think.  The pub chips are ok, but they are too thin to fit what I think of as 'pub' anything.  I know I'm being picky, but I was thinking of something thicker than what I got.  Seeing as I paid $3 for the small handful of these thin-cut fries...there may be some bitterness tainting my review here.  Actually, I think a lot of it could have been avoided had I been given the garlic aioli that comes with the pub chips regularly and, as I assumed, when you ADD them to your order (not SUB).  Even my receipt said I added the pub chips, not substituted them.The coleslaw was a lame throwaway on the plate.  It serves no real purpose other than to be a bland garnish, which it was.  So, if that's what they're going for...mission accomplished.  I ate it because I was pretty hungry.The Hop Cream was ok.  Not very creamy for a cream ale though.  Not very hoppy either, but that may just be the recipe they're going for.  If you like really creamy cream ales or hoppy ales, don't get this one.  If you want something that won't assault your palate like a lot of hoppy beers will...then this is your beer.  It was a lot like bubblegum though; good when I was drinking it, but I won't remember it (or order it again).  The pint was $4.25, which is pretty normal as pints go.Total for a burger, a few chips and a pint: $15.31  *ouch*  I regularly tip 20% and the bartender deserved it seeing as most of her checks were not customers so much as people who work at the bar (she said it, I overheard it).  Anyway, all told I was $18.31 in the hole after a semi-satiating meal that left me wanting more in a lot of ways.  Moral of the story? Don't get a burger & fries.  You're going to pay just about the same for most entrees and, based on what I read anyway, you're probably going to get more bang for your buck.  I did think it was cool that they had a roasted 1/2 duck on special, but $18.99 is a bit steep seeing as it's coming out of a pub kitchen.  I should also say that they use Hereford beef which is a very nice touch.I couldn't tell if they use anything local.  If they do, they should mention it on the menu.  You can get better food for the same price or a tad more up on the square.  I might go back
1	I had a gift certificate for the Capital Tap Haus and thought I'd give it a try for lunch.  I ordered the chicken breasts with mixed seasonal vegetables and mashed potatoes and Californian side salad.  The salad was great, albeit quite small for the $6 price tag.  I was quite disappointed with the entree though.  The chicken breast was dry and cold.  The seasonal vegetables consisting of yellow and green zucchini and spinach were soaked in olive oil, not seasoned at all and cold as well.  To top it off, I felt sick 20 minutes after eating the meal, which may or may not be related to the food but does not bode well for the establishment.  The only redeeming quality of the experience was the service; the waitress was really nice.  Perhaps try the place out for a drink but from this experience, I'll be staying away from the food.
2	we wound up here last night after finding 40+ minute wait times at every dining establishment on the square. the host said 10-15 and we were starving, so we got beers and waited. I am not a fan of capital beers, but decided to try a dark anyway... and it was a letdown, just like every other capital brewery beer I've had. I will never understand why people love these mediocre beers so much, but I digress.we were seated and our waitress was great- fast and friendly, and the only reason this review is getting two stars instead of one. we ordered some cheese curds to share and they looked normal, but tasted burned. and my blue cheese burger, the one that sounded so delicious on the menu? the pretzel roll was burned, and the burger itself was devoid of flavor. as if all that weren't bad enough, they were playing some awful new country the entire time. yuck.if you aren't picky about your beer, food or music, this might be your place.
3	I came here for just some drinks. We sat outside... it was okay but nothing special. The inside was pretty empty except for a few people watching the playoffs. I was a bit disappointed with the beers... I got a flight and did not care for any of them. I guess I was hoping that I'd find something I would love... not here.
5	the food was amazing! staff great, good beer flights, very cheap for such high quality food. this is a tap haus done right! the BLT with salmon and avocado was awesome, but my wife's sherried oyster and mushroom soup stole the show and i don't like oysters.
3	We stopped here during a mini impromptu bar crawl that my bf and I went on last Sunday in Madison. This was newly built since we were last here so we decided to check it out. The decor is ok but pretty standard. I had their speciality bloody Mary which was infused with garlic, peppers, and onions. I am a sucker for infused vodkas but this one was a little overpowering with the garlic. I would give this place another shot and try out the food next time.
1	I visited here with my boyfriend during the week of July 4th.  The bar was not full, but the bartender took about 20 minutes to get our drinks.  On top of that, she ended up dropping a TON of glasses on the floor which shattered and FLEW UP AND ONTO ME and the immediate area.  I spent the next 30 minutes looking and picking glass out of my scalp and my body.  After mentioning to get a new soda because THERE MIGHT BE GLASS IN IT, she got another soda, never apologized that I had a small glass factory in my hair (and yes, it cut a bunch of hair out), and charged me for the soda.  Lame.  She was more concerned with her toe hurting than the fact that her guests might be bleeding or ingesting broken glass.  I'm not talking about maybe either, I'm talking about huge pieces that landed all over.
2	The food was OK. The beers were OK. The atmosphere was OK. The place was OK. I guess because there are close (better)alternatives like the Great Dane and the Old fashioned I'd give this spot an OK. I would go back and give it another try but only if with a lively bunch to help me through.
2	The Capital Tap Haus is an average burger place with a limited selection of beer. They only serve Capital Brewery beers which is just okay. The food is nothing special and I would try other places around the square before I stopped back here.
4	Came here late night for Autumnal Fire. Good beer, not my style, but I can appreciate it. We also had some apps - very delish. Pub fare with a little uumph.
3	I've been here a couple times now. The service has always been quick & friendly and they have some really tasty dishes. Our favorites include the reuben rolls, harvester sandwich, and fish fry! Capital Tap Haus is a nice step up from bar food for a casual night out!
5	I know this might cause a huge war but I'm just going to throw this out there... "This place has the best cheese curds in Madison, period!" If you forget to order them, just do yourself a favor and immediately return to the restaurant and demand you get a serving of the delicate morsels.They certainly have an advantage as they have the best beer batter mix AND they are an extension of the Capital Brewery in Middleton. Which for a previous yelper to complain why they don't have any other beer brands is beyond me. Why would you WANT anything else??? Capital Brews rock!!Their simple menu does them well, as they can execute it well. The sandwiches come with a standard side salad and a much more healthy choice after needing a triple bypass with their curds.Capital Tap Haus, don't you go changing a thing!
1	Today Date: 9/29/2012, Time: 12:31:18 PM, Server Name: Lilli, Check Number: 128449We had the Mussels and Frites, an Annual Tap/Octoberfest and a Tap Haus Bloody Mary. Sat at the bar. Servers inattentive, watching the football game , on TV. Chatting with each other at the other end of the bar. See menu:http://www.capitaltaphaus.com/menu.phpTold the wait staff that the quoted 'One pound of Prince Edward Island mussels' was about a half pound shy. They said the told the cook/ chef....okay and what did he have to say? The Frites were good fries... 'Served with a"Chef sauce", a combination of half Dark Capital BBQ sauce and half mayonnaise'....a squirt of BBQ sauce in a plastic cup with some mayo, not even mixed.Average quantity is 20-25 mussels per lbthere were 11 on our plate- the MENU stated we were getting 1 LB PEI Mussels...We missed a half lb somewhere.http://www.tourismpei.com/pei-musselsNote the last Paragraph It states 20-25 mussels per pound.http://www.simplyseafood.com/newsletters/1007/mussels.htmlhttp://wiki.answers.com/Q/How_many_mussels_are_in_a_poundTotal bill:  Sub Total:  26.90                         Tax:    0.82                    TOTAL: 27.72 Tip:(by NO mistake):  1.00PRICELESS!
2	Strange space.  Small  menu.  The burger was good but the "bread dumplings", I think they were called left a whole lot to be desired.  The space is so cramped I can't believe the waistaff put up with it.
3	When coming back to visit my alma matter is is always tough to narrow down where we want to eat.  After a game at Camp Randall we wandered to state street away from the crowds and decided some good beer and dinner would be in order.  We were a group of 6 and were told half hour for a table - no problem we can wait at the bar.  Well after waiting at the bar for an hour we just decided to order up there.  Only problem the bartender missed half our group and didnt come back for quite some time.  She also gave us quite the look when we ordered two cheese curd plates and two deep fried pickle plates in addition to dinner.  Hey I come back to Wisconsin very rarely let me have my deep fried goodness.Of course the curds, beer, and beer cheese soup were amazing.  With so much to pick from in Madison they may want to up the service if they want to last.
3	My friends and I stopped by here for the first time when the wait was too long at the Old Fashioned. I mean, if you're looking for some pub food, this is a nice choice. The menu isn't large, but there are the classics you need on it. Burgers, fries, grilled cheese, cheese curds, salads, etc. They do make a pretty mean Friday fish fry and the servings are generous. This is a good place to go on hockey game days because it is far enough down State that it isn't too crowded.The beer is great as always. I've had a few of their seasonals here including the Hop Cream Ale, Capital Dark and Oktoberfest.Inside the restaurant it can get crowded. During the summer, you can eat outside on State Street. Always a treat!
3	When I go to Madison's Capital area, I tend to prefer dive bars, but this brew-pub featuring the beers of Capital Brewing is worth a visit. The food was your typical pub grub, with a little more flair when it comes to the specials, and an ample selection of local food options as well. All in all, for a strip where there are not a lot of great choices, this is a place for the beer lover to go try some brews. The servers are very friendly and helpful.
3	A solid and satisfying lunch on the patio. Though nothing was a standout, my bloody mary and grilled veggie sandwich were tasty nonetheless. The staff was friendly and helpful but hands-off enough for me to enjoy the beautiful September day and do some people watching.
4	Got the tour from guide Alan.  What a great tour he gave!  Really enjoyed it.  We had a pitcher of the blonde dopplebock which was terrific too.  Nice place, a little older than some of the older breweries in Madison area but it certainly had character.  Would definitely return for the patio in the warmer months!
4	It was wonderful food, at a great price and with wonderful service.  They had a great selection on the menu and it was conveniently located about a block from the Capitol.
3	Food ranges from average to mediocre, although I like the pulled pork sandwich. Wash it down with a beer flight or a boot. I mainly go out of convenience (it's located right by the Square) - and for the trivia, which is great when you can actually get a table. If you get there after 8:00 on a Monday or Thursday, be prepared to stand.
5	Good beer good eats
5	You have to to try the beer battered cheese curds and reuben rolls!*And come on a Sunday whenever Pat is working to wash it all down with a delicious bloody mary of his!
2	I tried this place out for Restaurant Week.  I thought it would be a great way to get away for a quick, fun lunch.  To tell you the truth, I was a bit disappointed.  Restaurant Week is supposed to be a way to try new restaurants, a variety of their menu items and get a little discount.  This menu has been going on since Sunday.  It is now Wednesday and the waitress could not answer my basic questions about the menu.  First, I asked what my dipping sauce options were and she named four, mentioning ranch twice.  No big deal.  Then I asked about the temperature of the chocolate cake.  Warm or cold.  Easy question.  I was told warm, she went back twice to find out it was cold.  Little things.  There are only three options for each course, so maybe your servers should know the menu.  The first course was delicious.  It was small.  There were three cheese fritters. They were delicious but I was upset by the size.  Each course is set for one person but should be the size if the person were ordering an appetizer individually.  This is supposed to be a deal and I feel like I was overcharged.  A full size appetizer is usually $7 (so let's be generous and say this was $5 worth).  The second course was a flank steak sandwich.  The steak serving was stingy.  A quarter of my sandwich did not have steak on it.  It was oily and at time unappetizing.  This sandwich is normally about $7 (when it comes with a side).  This did not come with a side.  It was a lone sandwich accompanied by two small pickles.  So let's be generous and say it was worth $5.  The third course was dessert.  I chose New York Cheesecake with berry compote.  It was a beautiful presentation.  However, it was not a full piece of cheesecake.  It was a half piece.  So I paid $15 for this lunch.  $5 for half an appetizer, $5 for a lone sandwich and $5 for half a piece of cheesecake.  I would have been better off ordering a single appetizer to share with my lunch companion.  A full sandwich, that would come with a side and dessert.  I looked at their menu and calculated all of this and I would have spent the same amount of money for much more food.  That was the worst deal I have ever experienced.  The service was lacking.  If I were you, I would go to Samba and get a better bang for your dollar.
4	Patrick the Monday night bartender set us up with some delicious Mutiny IPA's. It tasted great to me. Didn't try the food but I see a lot of people complaining about it... I find that a little odd. This doesn't seem like the kind of place you go to for the food. The trivia was fun and they have a big jug of vodka with various veggies floating in it that Patrick said he made bloody Mary's with.
4	My vegan stew was good.Root beer was good.Service was good.Prices were good.Location was good.Nothing spectacular, but getting all the above right definitely deserves 4 stars.
1	(Edited because I thought the original was too harsh):I can't speak to the food, but I can certainly talk about the beer. Nothing irritates me more than overpaying for bad beer--and that's why I've given them the dreaded "one star."Service was excellent and the place has a cool layout--nothing wrong with that. I want to issue an apology to Great Dane--your beers are not the worst/mediocre (Dane's were never bad, though) in Madison. I am sincerely sorry.Capital charged $15 for a boot. I can now say I've had their entire lineup--from the overly-malty IPA to the cardboard-like Amber...this beer is simply not good. And by "not good", I mean just plain bad. I have NO idea how Madisonians voted this place for "Best of Madison"--I'd much rather have a $6 pitcher of Bud or PBR than the stuff Capital produces.If you want good, local, well-brewed craft beer, go to Ale Asylum, Karben4, One Barrel, the Great Dane, or Vintage. Do NOT, under any circumstances, spend your money here.I know it's a bad review, but words cannot describe how bad and overpriced Capital is. Yeah, it's a cool spot, but if you're charging me $5/beer (in Wisconsin)? It better be good. Brewers: I have no idea what you're doing, but when my homebrews come out 100x better than your stuff, I know there's a problem.
3	Two words: Reuben Rolls!!!  They are amazing and I would recommended them as a started for anyone who is a fan of Reuben sandwiches, egg rolls, or deep fried deliciousness. For my entree I had the Californian salad with salmon. It was good, but I'm not dying to go back and get it again. The beer is from Capital Brewery, which I like, so I did a beer flight to try a few different taps. Overall a good experience, and we'll go again if we're in the area, but we won't be making a special trip.
1	We went here to watch a Badger game. Things started out well - we got good seats at the bar and the Bloody Mary was good. That's the one star. Food and service were bad. We ordered the fries for me and a Reuben with cole slaw for my husband. The Reuben, coleslaw and fries came out on the same plate. Annoying, but I dealt with it. The fries were awful - limp, soggy and cold. When I asked the bartender about the chef's sauce that was supposed to accompany the fries, he seemed surprised that I wanted it. Um, if it's menued as coming with a sauce, I expect it to come with a sauce... He put the sauce order in and I waited, and waited, and waited. 15 minutes later, I get a cup of mayo with a squirt of BBQ sauce on top. Seriously? That took 15 minutes to "make"? By then, my fries were even worse and not worth eating. The Reuben was nothing special, but it wasn't bad. The coleslaw were just as bad as the fries, though. Soggy and watery with no flavor. I honestly had no idea that food as basic as fries and coleslaw could be that bad. Don't waste your time or money here. You're better off at the Great Dane (better beer there, too!)
3	Good beer. Sub-par menu and food. Service is usually decent. They really need to work on the menu - selection, quality & portion size. This is probably the only place in Madison that I've been to where their cheese curds taste bad. How you can mess up deep fried food, I don't know.They have a prime location which, incidentally, is only blocks from my house. So, it's really a shame this place isn't better.
2	A nah. Overly priced for such low quality food. Nuff said.
3	The Tap Haus is fine, but only fine. Not great, not horrid, but fine. It's one of the rare places in Madison that give me a very neutral opinion on its existence.Unless if a certain tap is on special, the beer is usually a bit too expensive there. Some of the taps run for $7 a pint, and considering that they serve a beer that costs $7 at Woodman's for a 6 pack, it certainly seems marked up. I think most of them are decent, a couple aren't so good, and a couple are dang good. But regardless, I think they prices on pints should be lower than they are by a little bit.As for the food, I think that they have a good selection of appetizers at least. The pretzel is big, and comes on a hook, which is fun. The cheese curds are decent, the fries are decent, and the deep fried vegetables are good. There's a good selection of deep-fried stuff overall. The Sandwiches are just ok though. When I had the veggie sandwich and the grilled cheese, I just felt like it could've added a seasoning or extra ingredient to give it a better flavor. The chopped salads are also just ok. Not really too creative, but the ingredient quality is decent enough.The space itself is fine too. A lot of seating, big booths, good decor, a decent number of tvs but none that are too large (which can be good or bad depending on the occasion). Overall, everything about the Tap Haus makes it a decent place, but rarely a destination spot. It's probably someplace to keep in mind if you're on the Capitol square and the Old Fashioned or Cooper's are looking too crowded.
2	I am next door neighbors with the actual Capital Brewery in Middleton so I was rooting for this experience to be awesome. Therefore, it's very sad for me to have to say that my experience here last night was pretty cringe-worthy. We ended up at Capital Tap Haus after finding out that there was no way our group of 6 was going to get a table for Team Trivia at Tipsy Cow five minutes before it began. Someone suggested this place as an alternative, and they had Trivia at 8:30, so in we went.We were seated and the waiter came over to take our drink orders. We each ordered either a beer or soda and waters all around. We also requested that they turn on the Brewer's game, which  the server enthusiastically agreed to do.10 minutes pass. No water. No drinks. TV channel still showing not-Brewers.A member of our party (politely) flagged down a different server and requested the Brewer's game on TV. This server also agreed to do it for us. 10 more minutes pass and the game still isn't on.This went on for awhile, and it seemed like it was taking forever for them to change the channel and bring water. The restaurant was almost empty too, so there wasn't much excuse for the extremely inattentive service. In the end, we had to ask 2 or 3 different people FOUR times for the Brewer's game before they turned it on! It also took way too long to get our water and drinks.This alone didn't ruin the experience for me...what ruined the experience was that nothing else about the night was good either. Service continued to be slow and inattentive. The  general consensus of our table was that that food was overpriced and mediocre. For example, they charge $3.00 for a side of regular fries with any sandwich or burger, and the fries were served cold and soggy. I know rent on State St. is expensive, but really? The one saving grace  of my otherwise dismal experience, and the reason I refrained from giving the Capital Tap Haus  one star, was that the sandwich I ordered, a Reuben, was very tasty. I would say that it ranked in the upper 20% of Reubens that I've had in my life: Thick and toasty marble rye, flavorful and *tender* corned beef, tangy, but not overpowering sauerkraut, and "perfect-amount-of sweet" thousand island dressing.Would I return to the Capital Tap Haus? Probably not anytime soon.
4	I've visited Capital Tap Haus a total of about 4 times. In particular, I really enjoyed my last visit. I had a Bloody Mary with their infused vodka which was really good. I find it difficult now a days to find a decent Bloody Mary, but I really enjoyed this one. It was spicy and sweet. Delicious. Highly recommend you try it if you're a Bloody Mary fan. I also ordered the chicken BLT sandwich. I've ordered it twice so far and it keeps me coming back. I order it along with a salad and a side of grilled vegetables. This side usually consists of sauteed spinach and grilled squash and zucchini. Looking forward to enjoying a Bloody Mary out on their patio along with my chicken BLT.
1	My wife and I stopped in to try some beers on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed. We waited probably 10-15 minutes for a small high-top table next to the packed bar. We both ordered a couple beers which were OK but not great.Our server asked what we'd like to order and we told her we just wanted to try a couple beers, we'd already had something to eat earlier. She responded saying she'd "have to ask us to leave" because they only allow people who are ordering food at the tables. Being that the bar was packed and there was a perimeter of 2-3 people standing around it, that didn't really seem like such a great suggestion to a paying customer. I seriously couldn't believe I'd just been told to leave the establishment because I wasn't ordering food. That was a 1st for me and the last time I'll ever visit or purchase anything from that brewery. Luckily none of their beers are that great anyway...
3	Ordered their chicken sandwich. Although the chicken was under seasoned, their sourdough bread was yummy. The asparagus salad and fries were both good.Just your typical pub-food restaurant. Nothing out of this world.
4	I really enjoyed my experience at Capital. I got the salmon entree and it was cooked perfectly and tastes awesome! Waiter was punctual and nice. Bar can get a little loud, but outdoor seating would solve that. Try the deep-fried zucchini!
4	Was a good place for capital drinks, we ordered the pretzel and really enjoyed it. Worth coming back.
3	Went here for a quiet Wednesday night dinner. I hadn't been to the Tap Haus in a couple of years. My prior experiences had been unremarkable, but solid. This time around, some pros and cons.They have a nice number of taps (12ish?), of course featuring exclusively Middleton, WI's Capital Brewery. This brewery is predictably drinkable, tho lacking a certain edge. I had their Winter Skal, which was on special for $3 a pint. Yum. Their fries are well seasoned and tasty (although calling them "frites" just doesn't quite fit the style of fry in my book). Their fried pickles with ranch dipping sauce are just as decadently salty as they sound. The Reuben was heavy but flavorful, the meat having been chopped and mixed with a creamy-mayo concoction...though if you're ordering a Reuben with fries, you're probably not on a diet anyway.A couple of disappointments were the bland and dry chicken club, which barely had any of the guacamole listed as a topping on the menu, and (ok, let me explain) the ketchup. The ketchup was in a Heinz bottle, but definitely tasted, as my boyfriend succinctly put it, "like watered-down tomato paste." Details like this always make me question where else the restaurant is cutting corners...All in all, fine, but I'm not rushing back.
3	This place is great for beer and dinner food or appetizers but I wouldn't recommend their brunch.. It wasn't very good and I wouldn't go back for brunch. They did have 1$ mamosas but I didn't try them. I would recommend the pumpkinator beer though, it's great!
3	The service and beer were great, but the food was only average.  The cheese curds were a smashed, greasy glob and the beer cheese dip for the Giant Bavarian Pretzel was almost devoid of any taste.  We did really enjoy the deep-fried pickle spears and the dip that came with them.
2	I like the "dive" ambiance of this location, but their beers are pretty nasty, I'm sorry. I did a tasting while in town visiting at 2 different locations and there was not a single one that I enjoyed, honestly. I finally ordered a pint of the least offensive and struggled to get it all down. I had zero interest in staying as I didn't want another pint of anything they brew. After 3 weeks in Madison and trying as many local brews as possible, I came to the conclusion that Great Dane and Capital are not good breweries in terms of my taste preferences. Asylum Ale is the big dawg in town and is the force to be reckoned with in Madison. That's my final analysis and I'm sticking to it!
2	I've eaten here a few times and honestly, and it's always been mediocre. And it's a shame, since it's literally a 1 minute walk away from my work. I would love to love this place, as I'd eat here all the time for lunch! But last night, whoa, what a terrible meal.I ordered their special, which was a Fried Chicken Sandwich, featuring sliced avocado. The fried chicken was overcooked and a little too blackened. The crust was rather flavorless, and I was picking random dried herbs out of my teeth for like an hour. It was everything a piece of fried chicken should NOT be. The avocado was also not ripe. Barely edible, I opted to disassemble my sandwich and eat the chicken with tons of ketchup. And even then, I gave the rest to my companion to finish off. I chose the potatoes as my side, and they were undercooked.My friend's meal was a $10 bowl of vegetable soup, which he did not really care for. He's the kind of guy who will finish his plate even if the food sucks, and even he struggled. Also, you shouldn't find bay leaves in your soup. Note to kitchen staff, please remove those going forth!And yes, the beer is overpriced. I luckily ordered a beer that was on special, but my friend was shocked by how much his beers were! Over $7 for a pint?! Hell no.The bartender who served us had a fun haircut and was pretty nice. Some of the other servers seemed stuck up. And the actual restaurant space is beautiful! The place is decked out with wood, tin ceilings, brick and cool lanterns. It's such a nice space, and it's a shame the dining experience just isn't that good.
