5	I love Yuzu so much! All foods were amazing!! Owner chef and his wife were so nice and friendly. The dishes were delicious and beautifully arranged and includes ingredients from this season. The prices were also very reasonable. I was waiting for something like this, and I really do recommend this restaurant.
2	The wait staff were amateurs, I hate having too ask for refills & anything add'l. Our yamakake bowl should come with shoyu but we had to ask for it, we had to ask for small plates to share the dishes, quite frustrating. The food was very bland & needed more flavor. The portions did not fit the prices. I'll be willing to give them another chance but I'll wait a while so they get more experience.
5	This restaurant is fantastic! It's located where Hougans Sandwich Shop used to be, in the Auto Zone plaza. The look, however, is completely different.The owner and chef Azeuchi-san makes really delectable dishes, which show off his discerning palette. I've already eaten here twice since they opened. It's refreshing to have a Japanese place that isn't only sushi or teriyaki in this neighborhood.Here's hoping they have a truly successful run at this restaurant.
5	Third time coming here. I will say this straight off. The portions are smaller than what Americans usually expect. But I find I don't mind. I have no need to gorge on this food. I simply like to relax and enjoy the flavor. After the meals I have neither been stuffed or still hungry. Just content and happy. The food is exceptional. I am not sure if reviewer Renee is used to foods with more salt/savory flavor, but Yuzu's dishes are light on the tongue and delicate. Not kick you in your pants flavorful. Regardless, it's delicious. I feel that with time the service will improve, as it stands, its a brand new restaurant. barely ten days old. They are extremely kind and always smiling. Their service is great and will improve as the restaurant matures. I don't find the service now frustrating or disappointing. They work hard. If only more places had that trait. Now onto what I have eaten:DINNERSBlack Pork Saikyoyaki - If you are STARVING.... Not the meal for you. Fortunately I wasn't. I loved it though. The flavor was beautiful. Maybe it needs a few more veggies to go with it. And don't forget to order rice with your meal. Right now it doesn't come with it. (None of the dinners do.)   NOTE: Black Pork (Iberian Pork) is normally very expensive meat. It is not your average pork. It has wonderful fat marbling and a surprising amount of flavor. Which explains the small portion. Karaage - Really, it isn't how I normally see it. But it needed nothing. I like my meals with as little salt as possible. If you ask, they can provide soy sauce or teriyaki if you need more of a kick. Its a good serving size. Possibly, you may want to compliment it with a salad. (Their yuzu dressing is deliciously tangy.)LUNCHTempura Special (combo) - the best thing about lunch, the combos come with salad and rice! Lunch is more than filling. But Lunch is a good meal to fill your stomach without that groggy stuffed feeling. the tempura was light, flavorful and pleasantly not oily. I recommend adding the mound of white radish, provided on your plate, to the sauce. Makes it thick and you can scoop it up with the various tempura. My family has had other dishes. Fish Foil Broil and Black Pork Katsu. They enjoyed both. The soy milk pudding with red bean paste is, btw, my favorite thing! Sounds weird but I find it surprisingly awesome. (Maybe I am good with it because I drink soy milk? I don't know.
5	Perhaps I should have noticed this. But I had a friend come into town, so we went to Yuzu. Three person party, she was very interested in the restaurant. And as it turns out... Dinner here works best like a Tapas joint. (Not something I considered before but should have.)This time we ordered a round of items.Wagyu Beef Aburi, Mixed Tempura, Fried Oysters (with awesome tartar sauce btw), Sashimi Salad, Tofu Salad (the tofu is made fresh at the restaurant....delicious!) and Yamakake Don. Fried OystersI normally have a hard time with fried oysters. its like they get soggy.... Or something. But man... I just had to be going to the wrong restaurants. The were crispy, fried perfectly. And the tartar sauce... Yeah. I was happy. OH and eat the cabbage. It helps with all the oil. Its like a salad. Ask for a side of dressing or something. It is considered part of the dish... Why waste it!Mixed TempuraJust as good as with the Tempura Lunch Special. Sashimi SaladThe care put into making some if these dishes. I had a small moment where I felt, "this is taking a while..." Then this lovely dish walked out and I wondered what I was thinking. Several fish options (I recognized tuna and salmon... But there were others. My apologies for not recognizing my fish...I fail.) Wagya Beef AburiLooks so cute! But tastes so epic. I especially love the crisp garlic chips! This is a dish served Carpaccio style. So if raw meat is a difficult item for your taste, stand clear! Otherwise, go for it. Tofu SaladLooks like a mound of bean curd. Totally delicious bean curd with some greens underneath. If you like tofu, get this. I am not being kind. This was a great dish. Simple but great. And feel free to pour the dressing on top. cones on the side so you feel you should be conservative with it. Yamakake DonI ate this bad boy on my own. Yea, it should have soy sauce as the Chef came out and instructed me. I did a single circle around. Mixed it all up as instructed. Went to town. It is an intimidating dish. Its gooey and sticky. But the basic build is rice on the bottom, yam paste (which is the sticky part), raw tuna, seaweed, and wasabi. I took some of the wasabi off before mixing. I like spicy but this wasabi was seriously kicking my butt. And to my surprised, this dish was really good. I tried it more as a challenge? Looked unique and strange so I just wanted to know!Service still needs work, but that will come along. Everyone is still very nice. Chefs included. Just ask if you need something. They will get the hang of it I am sure!
5	I came here with my family and it was such an amazing experience. The chef is very talented and it's such a relief to have a delicious authentic Japanese restaurant in Henderson!  The seafood is very fresh and I recommend the homemade tofu and the Kobe beef carpaccio.. Will definitely come here often.
4	Yagyu, Yama Sushi, Yellowtail, Yonaka, Yoshinoya, Yummy, Yusho, Yu-Yu, Yuzu.  There are many Japanese restaurants in Vegas that begin with a Y.  Some are much more authentic than others, and some are definitely more delicious.  While Yuzu comes in last place alphabetically, they are near the top of the list when it comes to their food.  Yuzu would also probably get you more points in Scrabble than the other restaurants.  The service is friendly and quite attentive.  This is not really an entree style restaurant, it's best to go with friends and order multiple dishes and share family style.  We tried many things, so I'll just go through each of them:Sashimi Salad Yuzu Style - Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, carrot, celery, cucumber, radish sprouts and seasonal vegetables.  The description doesn't do it justice: It's like a Japanese mini- taquito or flauta, but instead of meat & cheese wrapped in a tortilla, it's julienned veggies arranged lengthwise and wrapped in sashimi, served on top of greens.  The presentation rocked my socks.Cold Green Tea Buckwheat Noodles - The noodles had a good texture and firmness, but green tea noodles typically don't float my boat.  Because it's hard to float on noodles.  And I don't have a boat.Yellowtail Jalapeno - Good, but many restaurants have this.Halibut Carpaccio -  Instead of a typical soy or citrus sauce, the halibut was served in a basil sauce.  Good flavor and texture, the basil wasn't overpowering.  Just enough to tickle your fancy.Yuba Sashimi - The menu notes that this is limited to five servings a day; all tofu is made in-house, and this is the tofu skin resulting from that.  I liked it more than I thought I would, but I'm a bigger fan of the zaru tofu.  Still, it's good to try what homemade tofu tastes like to see if it tickles your pickle.Zaru Tofu - Zaru means basket, and tofu means tofu.  Yuzu's house made tofu is served in a basket with some grated veggies.  Put the toppings on the tofu, pour a bit of the zaru sauce on it, mix and eat.  The sauce was like a less salty, slightly sweet soy sauce.  I liked this dish a lot; if the Yuba Sashimi tickles your pickle, this will turn your pickle into a cucumber.Chicken Karaage - Good rendition of karaage.  Not too oily, the chicken was flavorful and moist.Salmon Collar - This was cooked very well.  The salmon was not dry at all.  Not a dish I typically order though.Yuzu Sorbet - Yum, yum, yum.  This is a perfect treat for summer, plenty of refreshing yuzu flavor.Black Sesame Pudding - Tasted just like black sesame, but didn't float my boat (pudding buoyancy, lack of boat)Soy Milk Pudding - Tasted like soy milk.  Nothing wrong with it, pudding just doesn't teeter my totter.Unlike other restaurants, Yuzu's menu is not large, it consists of a single sheet of paper, double sided.  The above represents a good chunk of the menu, and everything was executed well.  Although many dishes are served with a sauce, nothing is over powering.  Flavors can be delicate, but are balanced.  One visit has already made me a fan, and I can't wait to go back.
4	Oh baby! Vegas has another Japanese restaurant that will surely make waves in the scene. It is not near Chinatown. It is not in one of the casinos. Instead it is located in the middle of Silverado Ranch. The staff is friendly and warm. Genuine service is rare. Yes, they do stumble in certain aspects, but the amount of attentiveness is inspiring. I didn't go long without refilled glasses, finished plates were removed, and a quick overview of each dish was offered upon presentation.The food is solid. I need to go back again to see if the consistency is there. If so, it would definitely be elevated to a five star review. Reasonably priced and generous are two ways to describe Yuzu. Between four of us, we ordered a bevy of items and had a feast presented to us. They course out well. Yes, we were the only ones left at the end of the night, so I wonder how that will play off at full capacity.Generally, my favorite items were all soy based. The Zaru Tofu is some of the best I've had. The use of yuzu kosho, grated ginger, chives, and their special sauce made for a well balanced dish. The Yuba Sashimi comes from the skimmed off top from the tofu making process. I might have finished off most of the plate while my party wasn't looking. I am not a huge fan of salmon, but their collar had me picking at both orders on the table. It is very generous. Picking is not a good description, because there was very little work in finding meat. The halibut carpaccio in a sauce similar to chimichurri was spectacular. Tender slices of white fish in a garlicy green sauce was almost perfect. It just needed a little more acid. The green tea buckwheat noodles are cooked perfectly. The sauce is light. Nothing overbearing. The black pig cutlet was good, just not the best. Same goes with the karaage. I would order them again, but with so many other choices, I could stick to the non meat items and fish. I am not sure if I should be happy that they are so close. I can see myself stopping by after work and eating my feelings on a regular basis.
5	Amazing Service and food presentation and taste very gourmet and delicious!!!!I would reccomend Tapas style ordering.
4	For my birthday yesterday, I was teaching my last night of the semester until 8:30 and Eric R. was also working late.  He agreed to dine late with me, so we planned to visit Yuzu because it was not far from where we live.1. It is named after my favorite Japanese fruit.2. My nickname on yelp is "yuzu" (self-anointed).3. YUzu can make many silly funny conversations incorporating the word yuzu in them.We arrived around 9ish PM and were greeted with irrashaimase!  The restaurant is sparse in decor...as in the walls are white with a teeny canary yellow trim on the top of the walls, but otherwise....no pictures of yuzu fruits, green or yellow, nada...so that needs some work.The tables were set with oshibori (wet towel for hands), the YUZU menu, chopsticks, and the "today's specials" print-out.  There were many specials, but Eric R. and I zoned in on "yellowtail belly sashimi" and "salmon belly sashimi" -- however we also noticed "sashimi set" which included halibut, salmon, yellowtail, and amaebi.  Eric R. asked the server if we could get the sashimi set with the hamachi and sake belly cuts, from which a conversation in Japanese followed in the kitchen between her and the chefs, and she returned triumphantly with good news...since it was a special of the day, the day was almost over, and we were there, yes indeed we would get the fatty delicious stuff (she did not say it like that as she is very polite).  She also complimented my showstopper necklace so I told her it was my birthday.We also ordered agedashi tofu (homemade) and ikura don.  All of the dishes were served with cool spoons and bowls for us to have our own portion.  The sashimi set came out first, displayed over shredded daikon and accompanied by 3 beautiful shiso leaves.  The halibut was topped with ikura.  I never order halibut at a sushi bar but the halibut here is sooooo good.  I also tried the salmon and hamachi belly cuts, surprisingly preferring the salmon.  Eric R. had the one amaebi piece but I ate a little bit of the inside of the head.The tofu was arranged in a bowl sitting in a broth and topped with ginger, green onion, and kizami (shredded nori).  It was very soft and tasty, as homemade tofu is always special (made fresh daily in-house).  The ikura don was topped with shredded nori and accompanied by a nice salty broth that we could pour over it ourselves.Finally, Eric R. ordered the tuna poki salad, which was actually tuna sashimi wrapped around kaiware sprouts and carrot on top of wakame and other seaweed.  Everything was very fresh.I ordered yuzu sorbet for dessert because it would probably be a crime in Nevada if I didn't.  The staff however presented us with an additional dessert on the house, an egg custard "off-the-menu" with berries and a candle.  They sang happy birthday to me too.  Eric R. and I enjoyed the desserts and think the egg custard would taste so good over vanilla ice cream.  The service was really good (and we got lots of arrigatos on the way out, but they got lots of oishis from me) and though the menu is small, there are some things we want to return for (hamachi carpaccio and boiled shrimp in olive oil are tops) plus the specials rotate often.  This is definitely a cute neighborhood place and also is reasonably priced.  Yuzu birthday to me!
5	Wow. It's really hard to add to the impressive reviews already on this Yelp page, but I'll try.Like other reviews have pointed out, this is a real deal Japanese restaurant. The wife and I didn't have a chance to talk with the chef, but the wait staff was super friendly and very attentive and quick with the refills.We ordered the following:- Baby squid - three total, served in a bowl with miso and seaweed.- Black pork tonkatsu - classic tonkatsu, executed without flaw- Sweet shrimp sashimi - six total, drizzled in a basil infused olive oil.- Sashimi salad - yellow tail, tuna and salmon in mixed baby greens- agedashi tofu - 100% home made, excellent broth, and I was amazed at how crisp the outside stayed considering it was soaking in warm broth.- shrimp & veggie tempura - another Japanese restaurant staple executed without flawNormally I would go into more detail, but other reviews do a much better job than I ever could and each dish was just fantastic . We are already planning on trying their private dining room multi-course dinners (Kaiseki)The only draw back is that as off a few days ago they were still waiting on their liquor license.
5	This place is a hidden gem.  I went for lunch and it was very reasonabley priced. I had the grilled salmon, which came with vegetable tempura, rice, salmon  sashimi, salad with an awesome yuzu dressing ( I put my salmon sashi  in the left over sauce in it and it was super yummy), and some home made tofu with this perfectly balanced sauce. It was super reasonable in price like 12 dollars and very fresh and plated thoughtfully.  The waitress was so sweet and when serving each course and explained what everything was.  We also got the soy pudding and yuzu ice cream.  They were both delicate and not overly sweet, which is hard to find these days.  I can't wait to come back!
5	I just can't give anything less than five stars - possibly one of my favorite Japanese restaurants in Vegas.Every dish was amazing, in particular, their tofu is top-notch. If food quality matters the most for you, I would definitely recommend Yuzu. You won't be disappointed.
4	Did not expect to find such an authentic taste of Japanese cuisine in suburban Las Vegas - Henderson. In the middle of a strip mall hidden behind Auto Zone, this Japanese culinary delight is NOT your typical Vegas AYCE (which I shun because i can't eat that much anymore).  Portion sizes are modest but the freshness, quality of preparation, and interesting departure from typical fare is excellent. We went for lunch and their yuzu tofu was fresh home made - their yuzu special lunch (with cooked fish, tempura, sashimi) was excellent. Again, if you're looking for AYCE and big portions, this is NOT the place - my only knock is that you can't order any regular sushi and the portion size is a bit small for most - but it's a gourmet meal. I'll have to try dinner with my wife soon.
5	I had the most delicious lunch today at Yuzu Japanese Kitchen. I ordered the Sashimi Special and it came with a small salad with delicious miso dressing. The cup of miso soup was not only tasty but hot instead of the usually served lukewarm at most other restaurants. The sashimi was fresh and tasty, the tempura had a nice variety -- pepper, celery, carrot and shrimp. A piece of cooked salmon and another piece of grilled fish (not sure what it was). The other side dish of kobachi was something I never ate before and was very good. The service was quick and the food came out fast. I can't wait to go back!
5	Seriously some of the best Japanese food in Vegas almost on par with raku which holds top honors for best Japanese in Vegas. This place was recomened to me by two friends who are both Japanese and were born and raised in Japan so you know its good. Food was fresh and definitely worth the trip out there. I'm afraid its going to go out of business though. The past two times I was here my friend and I were the only people in there. I think its partially due to its location. If it were anywhere on spring mountain they'd be killing it but instead they're tucked away behind an autozone in the southeast. Anyway go and visit and support this legit Japanese restaurant before they're no longer here.
5	Went again with my daughter again as her brother gave her a gift certificate for her birthday and of course we had to stay and dine in, and we were again impressed with the service and friendly/professional staff and fresh fusion quality of the food and its presentation. When our server found out my birthday had also just passed and in celebration of finding out we shared a mutual friend CHIKA :-D !!!! studying in Japan (small world n'est ce pas?)  for her architecture license they presented us with an amazing array of delightful desserts, so light and fulfilling on the palate. Thank you very much!
5	Very excited to have this place near me. We stopped in for a quick dinner on Saturday night. The place is nicely furnished and simple and clean. The menu is the perfect size, not too overwhelming. We tried a few things. The zaru tofu was really good, very filling. We had the toro sashimi and that was Delish. The yuzu sorbet was yummy too. Will definitely go back and try more. They have omikase which I want to do.
5	True Japanese food! Very fresh fish and authentic preparation. Will definitely do well, I know I'll be back!
5	I've often found fault with myself in raising expectations of restaurants that get mostly 5 star reviews pre-visit.   It's so difficult for any experience to match the one I can create in my head while reading everyone eloquently explaining the meaning of life found in a piece of beef tongue.  Oddly enough I had the opposite experience with Yuzu.   Despite it's high marks thus far on here, the reviewers that I know and love (okay, I'm talking Elite here) for the most part gave it a measly 4 stars.   Bah, why even bother?   It's a sad state of affairs when even a 4 star review isn't enough to get my juices flowing.   Well here it was, 9pm on a Friday night and wanting something quick and close to the house to grab a bite.  From the moment I walked in the door I had roughly 10 "wow" moments.  From the way they transformed what used to be a sandwich shop into a cute and quaint Japanese spot to every single dish, my mild expectations were pleasantly blown out of the water every few minutes.I started with a simple salad.  The kind waitress was eager to explain all dishes which arrived and I found that to be a nice touch.   She explained that the dressing was homemade and made of Yuzu, which was apropos.   I know I've had yuzu dressing before and this one was tangier and tasted better than I'm used to which set it apart from the standard Japanese side salad I'm accustomed to.  Next was the Miso soup.  My version which was part of some sort of combo with one of our entrees (add $3 to any entree gets you salad, soup, and rice) did not come with Tofu, but my friend that accompanied me ordered one a la carte which comes with tofu.   Ironically enough she hates tofu and I love it, so we switched.  The tofu was fantastic, which I might be wrong in assuming is their handmade Zaru tofu.  If it was not homemade, it definitely fooled me.  At this point in most Japanese restaurants I've eaten the salad and miso soup just because they're there, but here at Yuzu they felt like important components to the meal.   Next our entrees started arriving, and first was the Kobe Beef Aburi.  Perfectly seared and with these little garlic chips which complemented it wonderfully.  I also received my side of rice around this time and I know you'll just think I'm pulling your leg at this point, but even the rice seemed a step above.  To make sure I hadn't accidentally ingested something laced with pot on the drive over, I had my friend try it and she confirmed that it did taste better than "just rice".   This is a master at work in the kitchen.Next up was one of our standard orders of Yellowtail jalapeno.  The fish melted in my mouth and the flavor was spectacular.  I did think that the jalapenos were a little too small and didn't provide the kick that I normally like, but it was still delectable.  Our last entree was the Salmon Foil Broil, which is boiled with several veggies.   Good god was this delicious.  The salmon just fell apart and had a great flavor especially when combined with the veggies it'd been broiled with.   "Wow" was muttered for approximately the 8th time.   I decided I had to have the yuzu sorbet because at this point I was convinced everything was going to taste munchies-esque good.   I was right!   Being lactose intolerant I cannot resist sorbet, and the yuzu flavor was perfect.   The waitress also brought out a complimentary order of their soy milk pudding.  I'm not a huge fan of soy milk, but this one was light enough in the soy flavor and  topped with whipped cream which always helps.   I enjoyed it even though I had to pop a lactaid pill to do so.   The final wow was brought on by the arrival of the bill.   All those fantastic dishes came out to a total of $48 or so after tax.   I even had to do the obligatory "on the strip that would have cost $100 and been worth every penny" comment.
5	Yuzu just got their liquor license today, which is great because I plan on going there again very soon. It'll be great to have some warm sake with my meal!I follow these guys on Facebook, where they often list the specials they have. It's great because I'm not in Vegas as much these days, and like to have reliable places to eat. Since Hougans closed, I was hoping to find a place to full the void that isn't AYCE or buffets, and Yuzu really fills that need well.Keep up the great work!
3	Tucked away behind Auto Zone, its intimate and simply-decorated space reminds me of casual eateries in Hawaii. We were seated in front of the restaurant where it was quite warm, but at least the sun did not pierce through the windows as it set. There is a good-sized menu that has already changed since the opening a couple months ago. There is a "Today's Specials" menu that changes frequently (not all items change daily). We had a pleasant time with the restaurant's sole server, Tokiko, as she was polite, friendly, and attentive.As is popular of late, Yuzu features small plates for sharing. The prices are decent, however, there are a few items that are a little more of a splurge. We shared 14 dishes between three people and it came out to $50/person with tax and tip. Some prices have already increased since opening. Four dishes really wow-ed me while the others were just okay. The only dish I disliked was the Yuba Sashimi. It was gooey, slimy, and offered nothing in the flavor department.My favorite dishes:Halibut Carpaccio ($11.95): The ikura was a nice compliment and the yuzu/basil sauce was really tasty. The dish was refreshing and very flavorful. I could eat plate after plate.Housemade Zaru Tofu ($5.50): I love fresh tofu and this was no exception. A must-have during every visit.Yuzu Special Roll (4/$16): Tamago, salmon, yellowtail, scallop, oyster, avocado, ikura, shrimp, radish sprouts, pickled radish (cut into a star), and sushi rice with chive, sesame, and oba. This dish is well worth the cost for the amount of seafood you get on each piece. It's also very beautiful and equally delicious!Yuzu Sorbet ($2): This was surprisingly my favorite dessert! Refreshing and a delicate citrus flavor.Ruben and I weren't overly impressed, however, I would visit again JUST for the Yuzu Special and I definitely want to try the beautiful Chirashi Bowl!
4	This place, located behind an auto shop, offers you good authentic Japanese foods.  The chef told us that he was trained in Japan for "Kaiseki", which is a traditional course menu with fresh and seasonal ingredients, for years.  We will definitely try it next time. In this ramen craze in US that bold taste is king, the art of "subtleness" (similar to wine tasting) is underestimated, thus survival for true Japanese restaurants like this is the key as people evolve from cavemen to humans.  I recommend this place if you want to eat foods like appreciating wine.  The only negative point is that they are still waiting for a liquor license....Come on, Clark County!!!!
4	I came with a reservation to do a kaiseki dinner with friends. You have to do at least two people and reserve in advance and can pick a price range from $30 to $100+. For $30 we got 9 dishes of quality. It really is a steal. We were presented with a menu of our courses for tonight, in English and in Japanese, which is a nice touch.First: "Fusion Dish" [seafood and summer vegetables with shrimp sauce] - this was just clean with the ingredients speaking for themselves. The fish was lightly cooked, there was calamari and a half raw shrimp, cucumber, squash, snow pea and tomato.Second:"Sashimi [salmon, yellowtail, yuba] I like that they used real wasabi as it had slight small pieces and wasn't from a powder. The salmon and yellowtail were superb, the yuba (which is tofu skin) was interesting as it reminded me of burrata cheese. The plate also had some seaweed salad, thin radish and shiso so I mixed that up to make myself a sort of salad. Third:"Grilled Dish"[shio koji marinated black pork with mushrooms and tomato] Despite being the grilled dish, the grilling was very light. The pork was lean and the pork flavor shined through. I dipped the veggies in a bit of dashi. Fourth:"Cold Dish"[cold soba noodles and homemade tofu] The noodles were in a light soba tsuyu which was nice. The homemade tofu wasn't cold though, more warm, but I like that. For me, soft, almost creamy tofu is a amazing comforting thing and theirs was definitely great. Fifth:"French Dish" [Grilled Scallop Salad with Yuzu Jelly] this was more like a "salad roll" with scallop and yuzu than a salad. This was really good and refreshing. I think my favorite dish of the night as Im a sucker for yuzu and thin cucumber and radish wrapped rolls. Sixth:"Tempura [shrimp with vegetable, carrot, snow pea, pumpkin] There were two shrimp, one with mushroom, the other a green bean and both were good. Overall my tempura was crispy though one of my shrimp was a little soft where it met the mushroom, but you run that risk with mushrooms letting off water. I appreciated that they give you grated radish - you'd be surprised how this detail is left off at many restaurants because of them catering to Americanized taste. Seventh:[rice with seaweed and takana pickles] I don't really eat rice by itself, but this was well seasoned and cooked perfectly that I ate up the bowl with a touch of dashi. Eighth:[miso soup] I appreciated this was homemade as the tofu was nice and silken and it was neither to salty nor bland. Nineth:[yuzu sorbet] I wish there was more as I can sit and eat a gallon of this. So bright and refreshing palette cleanser! The ladies working did a great job considering we are a huge group and there were a few people who came in for dinner while we were there. Some things were missed, but they recovered forgotten items quickly generally the ladies were on top of beverage refills. Definitely expect the Japanese sweet demeanor and earnest hospitality.This is a lovely little gem. It wasn't busy, so try it out as it's authentic and sincere. I will be back soon, to try out an a la carte experience. I'm so glad my special spiteful brother David S. told me about it and glad it is close to him so he can eat his feelings.
5	I had the great fortune to try the kaiseki meal here that requires ordering 3 days in advance.  There are different price points for kaiseki but for $30, I think we got everything and the kitchen sink so that is pretty solid.I appreciated very much how the restaurant and my friends rolled out the red carpet for me as I prepare to leave LV.  The restaurant remembered me from my birthday and gave me the gift of yuzu kosho (truly awesome!!!) - then the meal which had like 9 courses!  Gosh, everything was so good - please see my pictures.  We had the following courses:1. Seafood and vegetables with shrimp sauce2. Sashimi of salmon, yellowtail and yuba with kelp noodles3. Shio koji marinated fish with mushroom and tomato skewers4. Homemade tofu and soba noodles with condiments5. Grilled scallops with yuzu jelly accompanied by cucumber wrapped salad6. Tempura shrimp and vegetables7. Rice with seaweed and takana pickles8. Miso soup with tofu and wakame9. Yuzu sorbetIt was very artfully presented, everything delicious, and very filling.  This is a must-do for a special occasion, and the service is top-notch!YUzu really can have it all!
5	I absolutely love this restaurant!!!!!!! My family and I had the best time!!! My boyfriend is a chef and very picky...but he also loved everything (the care and love they put into their food and customer service)!! Their homemade tofu was yummy!!! Everything was I had was exceptional!!! The service was awesome...extremely friendly and warm!!!!! Five stars all the way!!!!! I will be back to bring more of my family and friends!!!! I look forward to trying their preset menu!!
2	For lunch. I had Yuzu special.  I am native of the cuisine, and I think their menu style is offering small portion of many different food: many dishes.  Many dishes, but sorry not so impressed.  To me, considering food quality it is very pricey. Here, I came up that Mother is pretty good chef. I guess it is not for authentic Japanese food lover.
4	This is my first time at Yuzu, and my first time ever at trying a Kaseiki meal.   Wikipedia states that Kaseiki is "a traditional multi-course Japanese dinner where the dishes are brought out in sequence, each often small and artistically arranged."  It reminds me of the Chinese Lauriat meal, where the dishes come out one by one and the rice is served towards the end, but in terms of presentation it resembles a formal plated dinner... with tinier, sophisticated portions.We were served a total of 8 courses in the $30 Kaseiki dinner which I thought was an awesome bargain, not to mention the surprise additional dish in Lisa's honor.  There were some dishes that I thought were absolutely stellar, like the home-made tofu with green tea soba noodles, miso soup and yuzu sorbet.  While some dishes didn't quite satisfy as much, like the Shio Koji pork (which was a little tough and dry, I'm not sure if this is because of the fermented rice marinade), and the scallop salad which also had disappointing scallops, although the salad was very good (and technically very pretty).  If you enjoy very subtle, delicate flavors, you will enjoy Yuzu very much.
3	My Heart Will Go On - Dedicated to YuzuEvery night in my dreams,I eat you, I feel you,That is how I like zaru tofu.Right across the table,The ginger and pepper garnish between us,You have to come to show you taste the best pure. Near, far, wherever you are,I believe that Yuzu's zaru tofu is the best,Once more you are smoothAnd silky in my heartAnd my heart will go on and on Your subtle sweetness can touch me one time,And last for a life time. And never let go even after having Raku's tofu. Yuzu's tofu was denser and tougher,One true time I like it even better than Sakagura's tofu.In my life, we will always love each other.Near, far, even with great miso soup,I believe that the heart prefers zaru tofu.Once more you open the door,And you are in my heart,The best tofu in Vegas.
5	I came here during lunch time and the prices were superb for what you get. I got the grilled fish combo for 10.50. The salad dressing was amazing and refreshing. The sashimi was super fresh. You get a little of everything. Also, you can request brown instead of white rice without up charge.The place is really small and myself and another person were the only customers there. I'm surprised not more people know about this. Also, the hostess/waitress was very friendly!I will definitely come here again in the future!
5	I went for lunch, which is a way better deal than dinner. The food comes out with beautiful presentation and in a course style. Their tofu is delicious AND is hand made everyday. It really doesnt get any more fresh than that. I loved it. Can't wait to go back!
5	Amazing, authentic Japanese food.  The homemade tofu was to die for, best we've had. Sashimi is so fresh, had the kata age chicken & it was perfectly cooked. Great finish with the yuzu sorbet. Will definitely return, now must try their dinner!!
5	The food here was awesome,probably the best Katsu Combination I ever had!  Food so good them Eteopian Kids would go on starveing another year after eating here! True Story!
4	We've been twice for dinner and both times the food was above average delicious. I probably couldn't afford to go to this restaurant as often as I'd like, but it's definitely a "special occasion" place for me.The decor is nice and the service is excellent. You will have a memorable dining experience here.
5	First time here with my bf. We wanted to try something new down the street from our new house so we decided to stop by yuzu for lunch. Quaint small restaurant. Great service. Great lunch specials... I had the chicken karaage combo and the chicken was amazing. My bf had the yamakake bowl. He wanted to try something traditional since he is half Japanese. He loved it. Both our combos came with miso soup, salad (house yuzu dressing was simple and very delucious). Will def come back for dinner to try more items. The owner and chef was behind the bar in the kitchen- that's def a plus.
5	I have been coming to place several times since my first visit and it still is absolutely wonderful.  They now have their liquor license if alcohol super important to you lol in addition to their food the owners are wonderful people who I look forward to seeing when I go in.  For my birthday a while back they made me a pie! And gave me a card. It was so very kind of them.  They truly value the people who come in, and put so much care into the quality and the presentation of the food, while maintaining affordable prices ( especially the lunch time).  You must go support this local small business!
5	The yuzu sauces are to die for! Best salad dressing ever - I wanted to drink it from the bowl. Fish was grilled perfectly, chicken terriyaki was delicious, and tempura was yum. The ice cream was a perfect ending - and the yuzu flavor was so refreshing and a little tangy. Service was good too.  We will definitely be back!
5	Found a great Japanese restaurant tucked away in the Silverado ranch area. If you're looking for a good traditional Japanese restaurant, this is the place! When you dine here it feels like you're in Japan because the staff are Japanese and most of the customers are Japanese!Food is delicious~ I ordered the spicy tuna bowl. It was the right amount of spicy!The price during lunch is pretty decent. Lots of parking available right in front of the restaurant.
5	Yuzu is a nice Japanese restaurant located just off the beaten path.  The wait staff speak fluent Japanese and the food is authentic, fresh and very tasty!  The seating space is relatively small, but they were able to accommodate our party of 3 adults and 2 children.  I had the dinner bento box and the food was wonderful and the serving size was just right.  I would definitely recommend Yuzu and hope to stop back soon!
5	Get the kushiage brie and eggplant too. I love yuyu! The service is great and the food is unique japanese perfection.
5	The fish was as fresh as you find in the desert!  Each dish tasted like it was made with TLC. The service was perfect and the owners were so gracious. This is the place you go for a hearty Japanese meal.
5	A true diamond in the rough.  This is the real deal.  The owner is a classically trained Japanese chef who creates sophisticated dishes you won't find at most sushi restaurants in the US.  We are so happy to have discovered this very special place.  Don't let the fact that it is tucked in behind Auto Zone dissuade you.  This place is the next best thing to a trip to Osaka.  Definitely Not your everyday neighborhood sushi bar!
5	Delicious meal, prepared with care and served with love.  Cheesy sounding, but our waitress was super friendly, and even made sure to come out and thank us outside the restaurant as we were leaving. We shared the sashimi lunch and the grilled salmon combo and everything was tasty.  It's nice to go out for sushi and not feel overstuffed with AYCE (not that I don't mind going overboard here and there).  Oh, the salad dressing was delicious!  I almost forgot about that... drank the remains after finishing the small salad.Give this place a shot!
5	Items from the Kishiage bar were great, light and crispy!! Great food fast service highly recommended!!!
5	Recommend this place by Suzuya pastry chef. It is her favorite authentic traditional Japanese restaurant. We have Kaiseki 9 courses menu $30. Every dish is fresh flavorful. The presentation is tasteful delicate and beautiful.  I especially love the tuna tartar w yuzu dressing. It is very refreshing. The check owner kaoru azeuchi puts a lot of attention and details to his creations. We are lucky to try the green tea almond pudding.  Omg! It is heaven. Love love. And i am sure to come back when I am in vegas. The waitress is also very sweet and attentive. The food and service is perfect.
5	The food amazing ! The flavors are fresh clean and blend well together. The home made fried tofu is perfect the texture is smooth soft and the whole dish is balanced. They also have a home made Yuzu sake that totally complements all the food. The service is really good. Both ladies and one I think is co owner. Both of them really take the time to explain the items to you so that you understand  what you are getting.  I really felt like I was in a family owned resturant in Japan. Next time I will call ahead for one of there tasting menus.
5	Authentic Japanese food... wow.. tuna...with amazing flavors. .black sesame pudding..
5	My friend and I went for the Kaiseki Menu for $30/person, which requires advance reservation. They tailor the meal around your likes/dislikes, allergies and preferences. Beautiful presentation and very delightful service and food. The owner hand makes all the menus in English and in Japanese. They have different price ranges that are higher but this special price ($30) is only available this December. It is a great way to try beautifully presented and delicious food at the lower price range. It will no longer be offered after the first of the year. I highly recommend it as an introduction to many flavor taste sensations.This chef created some of the best sauces....not to be missed!
5	This place was a very nice surprise in the Silverado Ranch area (hidden behind Autozone).  A group of our friends tried the prix fixe menu of 8 dishes and all of them were sooo good.  This has become my new favorite little place.
1	I am so piss at this place for the horrid service. I usually don't rate just on the service alone. The food when you get it is a 4 star. The servers are dumbshits!! Yes, I hope the owner reads this and understands that his wife needs to not work there because it is ruining his business. After reminding her what we ordered and continually have to ask for items that we ordered and not taking away any of the empty plates as we stacked them up and having the orders screwed up the apologizing that they are out of the order after 30 mins.....Jeezzz I can go on and on the screw ups. Horrid! And they will wonder why they are out of business after a year...Well Duh.. There is competition. I'm NOT going back! You lost a customer!
5	Absolutely amazing!  Attention to every detail in both taste and presentation. Plus fair prices.  Far and away the best meal we had on our trip to Vegas.  Salmon broil and black sesame pudding, mmmmmmm!
