4	So this is the second time I have cracked the screen on my iPhone. The first time was when I was hiking in San Diego (where I'm currently living). I'm currently visiting my parents in Las Vegas, and it happened again.. I dropped my iPhone. This time, the glass wasn't shattered externally, but inside the phone. I thought I was able to use it, but I wasn't able to slide and unlock the phone..So then I decided to Yelp a place where they fix iPhones and I came upon "iPhone Repair Vegas."  The weird thing about this place is that it's not really called "iPhone Repair Vegas". I actually had to go into Laptop Xchange to see if they know where there's a iPhone repair shop. It's actually called.. Wireless Toyz. The layout of the store is kind of strange. I was kind of confused on who to go about fixing my phone. Then this guy in the back asked me what happened to the phone and told me it would be $40 to fix the phone. He said it would take about 15 minutes. When they told me it would cost $40, I was extremely excited about that, since I've paid over $70 in San Diego to fix my shattered iPhone. It took roughly around 15-20 minutes. They have two sofas and a supply of magazines while you're waiting. After 15-20 minutes, my phone was in perfect condition! They replaced my phone with a new glass screen. :) He told me it would be about $40 plus tax, but I mentioned that I was a Yelper and they gave me $5.00 off, so I ended up spending about 37 bucks. Overall, my experience with this repair shop was in three words: quick, easy, and decently priced.*Recommended.
1	If I could give this place a negative star I would. Completely unprofessional. They say they open up at 10 am, one of the employees didn't open the store till almost 10:30 then told us that the man that does the iPhone repair wasn't there and should be there shortly. We waited fir half an hour and no one showed. The kid that was working there didn't seem to care. I'm wondering if maybe the people are prejudice due to the shop being in china town. It wouldn't be the first time I've had a problem in that area due to me not being Asian. Avoid this place.
5	I have been having issues with my 3G for a few weeks with deadspots on my touchscreen.the thing finally went dead on me and I couldn't even open the phone.took it to iPhone Repair Las Vegas and within 15 minutes it was repaired at a great price.5 bucks off for mentioning yelp. it is located inside the Wireless Avenue store in Chinatown.great, friendly service and a great price.
5	I had some damage to my iphone 4 from the 4th of July wknd. I am not up for the upgrade and I am not sure I would do that just to replace my phone because it wouldnt power on. I found these guys via google (sorry yelp, I dont know what happened there) and saw that their repair prices were reasonable. We ewnt at 645 (thinking they close at 7) and they took us right in, even though there was a small line of ppl needing assistance with all sorts of stuff. Anywho, it took about an hour for him to finally get to the point where it was determined it was D E D and not coming back. He tried quite a few things and came back out with it all put back together and said that he had fixed something the apple store looks for and only charged me 40 dollars. I got an appointment the next day and they replaced my iphone. As much as I wanted to cry that I hadnt backed up since pre July 4th (the night with the table at Tiesto, Afrojack and Steve Aoki) I got the replacement for basically 40 dollars. Can not complain about that. You should at least consider them once if not many times if you have iphone issues. If I had seen their yelp presence Id have even saved an extra 5 dollars.
4	Came in to fix broken home button on my iPhone, very quick and professional, I will definitely come here should I need to.
4	I just went in here to fix my son's ipod touch 4g and it was both the glass and the digitizer that needed repair. It cost me 85.00 + tax and my son had tp pay most of it.1.  Service - Friendly staff and quick to serve you. Young and pretty cool.2.  Quality - So far, I would say, I cannot tell any difference. It seems just like new!  The screen was left with all the technician's smudge marks on it, however, that is neutral for me and not an issue. These guys are good and busy, so wiping a screen is not the concern.  Although when you pay for Apple to fix this stuff, they usually will clean the screen and package the repair nicely. (Of course it costs more too.)3.  Price - I read the other reviews where people who paid 40.00 to repair cracked glass.  So, either I was ripped off, or the others that reviewed did not have an ipod touch 4g.  In any case, I believe I got a great price as at the Apple on line, the repair is gonna cost 149.00, if it is not "abused".  And, they may give you a replacement, meaning all your data is gone..... So, for me, it was a great price and my 12 year old son was very happy.4.  Be sure to mention yelp. I did not notice this comment before I went there, it would have been worth 5.00 off.5.  GK Says- This place is a quality place.
5	Great services. Came to change out the color for my iPhone 4. Great prices $120 for a full body wrap...Very honest people..
5	This place was great! I cracked my iPhone 4 screen pretty bad. I called and they said it would be $70. Went down there and they said to give them 20 minutes so I just decided to wait there. Less then 20 minutes later they were done and my phone looks brand new. I also was able to save $5 by using yelp! I will recommend this place to anyone that needs their phone screen repaired!
5	My 4-year-old dropped hubby's iPhone 4 and the entire screen shattered (even with an Otterbox on it!). Took it here, $60 to replace the screen and it's good as new 30 minutes later-yay! Highly recommend. Also right next to a Foot Spa & a Starbucks, 2 great places to waste 30 minutes IMO.
5	Omg so fast and customer service was  terrific. Everywhere else I had to wait 4ever. Totally fixed my husbands Iphone 4 Fell in the toilet ouch
5	This place has GREAT customer service and were very friendly. Had them replace my iPhone 4S glass from white to black. They estimated 30min. I waited and they finished it in 15-20min. Was about to go to Apple for the anti-glare screen protector, but they not only had it, but installed it for me! They will continue to get my business including my family and friends especially since I am half the time in Vegas and half in Cali. While I was there Karen (assuming the owner) spent the time to discuss my BB Bold with me as once in awhile it self scrolls. Instead of suggesting to fix it to make a sale, she said wait until it happens more frequently as the internal pad tends to wear out. That's amazing ... I recommend the same thing to my customers with my business. Honesty in any industry is hard to find. Highly recommend this place!
5	Easiest thing I've ever done, had to get the back of my girlfriends iPhone replaced and it literally only took 3min! Super easy and friendly. Definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	Brought in my iPhone 4 with dock connector that died while I was on vacation (no battery charging, no syncing possible).  They fixed it in less than half hour while I chilled at Starbucks next door.  They even hunted me down at Starbucks when they needed some more info from me.  Was only $40 with the $5 off for mentioning Yelp. Way better than if I let Apple replace the phone for $150, and would have lost my data since last backup over 2 weeks ago when I left on trip.   These guys seem very competent.  Will recommend to friends.
5	My internal mic stopped working. People calling me were not able to hear me. Apple wanted 150 they did it for just 80. I also ended up having another internal problem something with a board that caused my battery to drain. They repaired this at no extra cost after giving me a loner phone for the two days they needed to work on it. Great customer service. Phone is working great and I saved so much money than if I had to go to Apple. The young woman was very friendly and eager to help me the best she could with convince and saving money.
5	Fast and a great value. Just 30 minutes to replace a broken iPhone screen!
5	This place is a GREAT! Great service and I really appreciated the quick repair on my shattered iPhone. Saved me $$$ from buying another phone. Thanks so much! ^_^
5	Just stopped in because my battery in my iPhone 4S was not lasting even a day. Water  got in the phone in the big rain storm and it shorted out. Battery was replaced for $45.00 and I was told that if I still had a problem  they could do a cleaning of the motherboard and inside of the phone for an additional $20.00.If I have any other issues, this is where I will bring it back, took them about 15 minutes to do the battery and everyone was very nice.
5	Thee best place in town. I highly recommend this business. The young lady who works there was extremely helpful and knowledgeable about the product. They replaced my iPhone 4s back cover at a very reasonable price. They also use genuine apple parts too. I was in and out of there in under 10 minutes!
5	This place is great.  When I decided it would be a good idea to drive off with my iPad on the roof of my car and crack the screen, I thought I was in for a new one. For only $110 and leaving it with them a few hours, they fixed me up with a new screen.  The staff was nice and friendly and I would highly recommend this organization for your repair needs
5	They were very friendly, and fast. They took the time to explain anything I did not understand and did a great job. They saved me money by fixing my shattered iPhone screen.
5	This place is GREAT! Great service and I really appreciated the quick repair on my shattered iPhone.  I have been here 4 times and it has been great every time. Friendly atmosphere and the best priced repair service in Las Vegas.
4	Quick, professional, and friendly service. Mention Yelp to get discount. SO happy they were able to replace my cracked screen.
5	YES, they fixed it, it works fine now. They are lowest priced, and fast service. My Cell phone screen was cracked it was back  like new in 1 hour, for about 75$
5	Great service and super friendly staff! After a few too many Dark and Stormy's I dropped my iphone on the floor at Commonwealth and my poor screen shattered into bits. iPhone Repairs Vegas had my phone fixed in 30 min and I only had to pay $60. I got a Yelp check in deal for $5 off which help sweeten the deal. Highly recommend this place for any apple lovers with butter fingers like me.
5	Place is easily accessible, everyone inside was pleasant. They fixed my phone for free when they could have easily charged me. I will defiantly bring all my iPhone repair work to them. Thanks for the help!
5	I had a cracked screen and a bad home button.  These guys fixed it in less than 30 min. while I ran some errands.  Awesome service.  My wife likes the foot massage place next door too!
4	I have dropped my iPhone on so many occasions I thought it was invincible. Well, I was wrong. Last weekend I dropped my iPhone and I cracked the screen in a million different pieces. I looked up a location to fix it on Yelp and this place popped up with a lot of positive reviews. I came in yesterday afternoon and they repaired it in just 30 minutes. I felt it was a fair price and it was fixed in a timely manner, so I was happy with the service I received and would likely recommend it to others who need their phones repaired on the cheap.
5	I just broke my iPod touch 4gen by dropping it.  The screen cracked into a million pieces and we brought it over to them.  We dropped it of (and they were very friendly) and then went to eat. When we came back 30 minutes later, my broken, 5% battery IPod turned into an iPod with brand new glass (that was better than the one Apple supplies) and fully charged. The part that impresses me is that they had enough time to fix it and have it charged. Overall this is chapest, best place to get your product fixed!
5	Words cannot express the warm welcome and friendly nature of this business.  I had the opportunity of working with "K" who was knowledgable and courteous.  I had dropped my iPhone in water, and he was able to fix the phone to take it from inoperable to working flawlessly.  You are insane to go ANYWHERE else.  Great price, great people, great service.  I wish I could give it a 10/10.5/5-Doug
5	awesome repair shop, very friendly staff and i was in and out in 30 minutes.  i got a yelp discount and they also have a military discount, they saved my phone my fingers and also my face from shattered glass, lol.
5	Couldn't find a shop to replace faulty on-off button on 3rd gen IPod touch  in Hawaii. Decided since I was going to Las Vegas.....checked on Yelp! Found this shop could do Ipod repairs. Emailed them...got same day reply and price quote. Went there and got repaired iPod back next day....I had YouTubed this fix.....not an easy task.....well worth the $50.00 (including Yelp! Discount ) I'm definitely a winner on this Vegas trip!
3	I wam satisfied with the service at IRepairs; the techs could have easily repaired two different things with my phone that I believed were broken. Instead, he recommended not fixing them because those were not the issues with the phone! I basically saved quite some money with unnecessary repairs. Honest guys, I must say.A week after I had taken my cell phone, though...it began shutting down by itself. I ended taking it back to the Iphone store because it would not turn back on at all. It was just dead!! It was unfortunate that IRepair wireless had not picked up on this glitch and I would have saved the repair cost, because I lost the phone in any case. My opinion in this whole matter...take it to the Iphone store because if you still have warranty they will swap it out for another phone or will give you a new one like they did for me, for $149. I spent S40 on the repair so the phone ended up costing me $200. If the Iphone store finds out that the phone was opened, you will lose the warranty or they will simply not give you the phone as I had received. I was lucky they didn't notice that it had been opened or else I would not have a new Iphone now. Good luck in whatever decision you make!!
5	These guys are amazing !!!!Fast and priced right!!My goto iPhone repair now!
5	Super nice guys.  Shop is small but they get it done.
5	Great service and they were super fast! iRepairs fixed my phone in about 30 minutes. In and out and they were extremely friendly.
3	Was in town for a quick visit and the battery on my iPhone gave up the ghost. Went in to get it replaced. Cost of service and turnaround times were excellent, but after I got back to LA I realized I couldn't hear anything out of the earpiece speaker. Turns out their tech didn't reconnect all the wiring. I got to pay another repair shop in LA to have them fix the mistake the iRepairs Wireless tech made.Make sure to test *all* features of your repaired phone before leaving their store.
5	Needed my power button on my iPhone 4S replaced.  Got it fixed in 30 mins.  Cost me $45.  $40 with the yelp discount.  Decent service and phone seems fine.  No additional damage.  Would recommend.
5	This place saved my life today. After going to Verizon and having them state, 'oh your warranty expired a month ago we can't do anything for you...blah blah blah... but you can buy a new phone for $500+...I wanted to scream while running out of the place. You see, my iphone screen went blank but I knew the phone worked. So I took it to iRepairs Wireless. Today is Sunday. The sign on the door says By Appointment Only but I tried my luck and it was open. The woman behind the counter was super friendly and asked what I needed. I explained my situation and she said she'd look at it even though they were closed...it was prolly an easy fix. 8 minutes later my phone is not only fixed...she says not to worry about it. What?! I, of course, gave her a tip and was on my way. I was about to have a break down before I walked it there and there were only sunshine and rainbows when I left. This has been the second time iRepairs Wireless has saved me a bunch of money. The first time I got my screen fixed in like 10min and it still looks and works beautifully. --- and it wasn't expensive! This place is a life saver.
5	The people on here have it right!!!! This place is awesome!!! My speaker died on my iphone and these guys took care of it in 1/2 the time Apple quoted, and for $20.00 less!! I will definitely go back if anything else happens with my phone.
5	Best service. Best price. If you've got teenagers constantly breaking their iDevices you NEED to go there.
5	This place is Amazing! In less than 30 min my phone was ready! The screen of my phone was black , it was frozen! Verizon was charging me too much . This place has reasonable prices and it has great quality! Thank you! :)
5	As another Yelp reviewer stated, iPhone Repairs Vegas saved my life or at least my iPhone.  While on vacation here in Las Vegas, I dropped my phone off a pedestrian crossing while taking a picture and shattered the screen.  Despite the drop,  my phone still seemed to be working.   I checked out the reviews on Yelp which led me to these great people only a short distance from our hotel.  In 30 minutes they replaced my broken screen and checked out my phone.  My phone is now like new thanks to them.
2	I went here because my son spilled apple juice on my phone and it turned off. After going to the AT& T store and the apple store I came here in hopes of repairing my phone or hearing that I needed I new one.They fixed it in 1 hour and everything worked great! I was shocked! They did tell me to back up my device, as my phone might die someday( they mentioned 6 months to 8 months as a possibility from their prior experiences but couldn't give me an exact date) and that iphones are never the same after water damage. He let me know that I was on borrowed time.  I payed $70 total with the discount and tax. It was less then the insurance of $200 and I didn't have to get a gophone to use until I could save the money.Well, the next day my phone stopped taking calls, being on "searching" no matter where I was. I went home and backed up my files before taking it in, and my phone got stuck on itunes mode.When I took it it, they kept it for an hour and then told me my phone was now stuck in restore mode and would not restore due to a hardware/motherboard issue and it was now a brick. I had a 30 day warranty- but because they didn't fix the motherboard issue the DAY BEFORE it doesn't count, and YESTERDAY everything has been working fine. They refunded me the cost of the new battery ($30), but wouldn't refund the labor. I understand that, as they DID put time and effort into trying to fix it, but I can't help but feel I've been had. I basically gave them $40. I wish they would have just told me that my phone was gone or taken a few more moments to check everything. It seems convenient that they let me know that my phone is on borrowed time and to back everything up and then the NEXT DAY it up and dies.If you have water damage of ANY kind you best bet is to go and buy a $75 GoPhone with a touch screen from Walmart. It's not an Iphone- but at least it's new. I feel like they know when iphones are DOA and they use it to get easy money- that or they overlooked something and it cost me time, money, and heartache. They also have used iphones at gamestop!II ended up buying a GoPhone anyway. Waist of time for me, but if you have a broken screen, button, or something easy I think these guys will do a good job. Just don't expect miracles and when they say they don't guarantee things and your phone might just give out- believe them and move on.
5	After having my iPhone 4 "repaired" at another place, the secondary mic crapped out on me.This place fixed my mic for a better price, and we're very fast and were very nice about everything. I'd highly recommend them, and while you wait for your phone, you could easily grab a bite to eat or ice cream in one of the neighboring businesses.
5	From calling in to getting in the transaction was AWSOME !! Customer service was great , forgot the young kids name but helped me out completely , thanx
5	Went in today with a phone with a broken power button. They provided excellent customer service, & were very knowledgeable.  The person we dealt with was helpful and informative. They had the phone fixed in 30 minutes and their prices were reasonable. I would definitely recommend them to anyone in need of iPhone repair.
5	power button my my 4 was acting up.  dropped it off at 4:30, got some food in the same shopping center, came back and it was done and working perfectly.  they even showed me a workaround for the power button if it ever happens again.  Fast service, very helpful and friendly.
5	I've used this store now for 3 different repairs on 3 different Apple devices. I'm really pleased with the service they provide. Here's why:1. As soon as you enter the shop, someone attends to you or acknowledges that you've arrived. This is important because everyone hates being ignored.2. The staff are always polite and knowledgable.3. I've never had to wait very long for the repair to be done.4. The workmanship seems to be high quality. I've been more than happy with the repairs they've done for me.5. I think the prices are very reasonable.
5	Terrific quality service and polite staff! My shattered iPhone screen and damaged power button were replaced for far less than the cost of a new phone in less than 45 minutes! Totally recommend them!
5	Very nice people, friendly and professional. We came with a broken face of an Iphone, it was done in 15min. We purchased accessories and I got a screen protector installed for free. I highly recommend this store.
5	Got my iPad 2 fix here for $100 buck, $95 with the yelp coupon. Thought it was an iPad 3 which would cost $120 instead. Left if for about 1hour 35 mins, I received a phone call telling me that my iPad was repaired. 4 months later, and it's still working just fine!Also got my iPhone 4, glass replace for $60 bucks plus tax. It was quick and the service was friendly, highly recommend these people they're honest and prices aren't too bad for same day repair.
5	My 6 yr. old dropped her iPod touch, wanted to get it fixed. After searching around for a place I found this place here on yelp. And I am so glad I did, fast service great prices. If we ever need any other cell phones or iPods fix I will be returning. Also they are so sweet, it's my daughters birthday so they included a screen protector!
5	This place never disappoints me. Gave my daughter who's 9 my old i4, but she wanted to change the glass from black to white. They took out all the different glass colors for her to look at in case she wanted a different color. Also had both my i5's screen protectors changed to anti-glare ones.  Customer service is excellent. Definitely recommend.
4	Took my iPad 2 here to have the microphone fixed and overall had a pretty good experience. Used the 5 off coupon. I would have given it a five star if it had not been for two things. The first, they have very odd hours, they open at 10:30 and the morning I went they were not there until about 10:40. it would be better if they would be open earlier for folks who need to drop off stuff before work and pick up after. Also the lady in the store is very nice but the man who works in there is not very friendly. However, they got the job done and my iPad's microphone is working well. The pricing is also pretty great. Overall a pretty good experience.
5	Absolutely great service and was in and out in ten minutes. We had two iPhones fixed. One they didn't charge us for and the other was 35 to replace a cracked back.  We will never go anyplace else!!!
5	I came here to get a minor issue fixed. My wife's iPhone 4 had a crack in the back glass casing. I Brought it in and it was repaired as I waited in about 10 minutes. It only cost $30 and with a Yelp checkin it was $25.
4	They fixed my Ipad 4 in about 3 hours on a busy Saturday. I was happy with the quick turn around. It was $140 minus the $5 yelp discount, title with tax was $140. It was about $30 more than I expected, but it is my first experience with having to screen replace, so I really don't know what is typical price wise. It just seemed a little steep. Also, not much in the way of visually pleasing. It could use a paint job, some divider screens to hide the work and office paperwork and piles from the public. It's all part of the experience, so the 4 star was for value and aesthetics. However, the gentleman that assisted me was very friendly and helpful, quick to acknowledge me in the store. Good service!
5	Needed my camera fixed.They repaired it in less than an hour.Great service and reasonable prices!
5	I got my cracked screen on my ipad 2 fixed in less than 1 hour for only $95 bucks with the coupon. The employee's here are really friendly and helpful and will answer all your questions. Thank you guys keep up the good work!!!
2	Brought in my iphone 5 LCD screen to be fixed. Nothing was scratched or cracked, except my screen was not working. When I got my phone back, the sides of my phone were severely scratched. Very disappointed. I got more damage back than I brought in.
5	Stopped in with a cracked iPhone 4s and iPad2.  Super knowledgeable staff with great customer service.  Completed phone screen replacement in less than 30 minutes!  Would highly recommend for anyone who wants to fix their tech problems without going through Apple Care or AT&T insurance.  I paid $160 total to fix both devices!  The insurance copay alone would have been $200 through AT&T.  Super fast and friendly!
5	This place saved my booty, I'm not even kidding! My iPhone went for a nice leisurely swim in my pool and I thought it was going to be forever down for the count as a result. I did the "quickly shut it off trick" followed by "placing it in a bag of rice overnight" thingamajig and the next day I turned it on.... and low and behold, hallelujah! It was working but it was a little on the fritz, going haywire and not responding when I'd push keys repeatedly, then it would go into cycles where it was phantomly pushing buttons on its own. Typical stuff that makes you think your phone is dunzo and want to throw the thing away and chalk it up to a very expensive mistake, acting klutzy with electronics in your pool. But thankfully I didn't give up and I found these reviews here on Yelp. I was a little hesitant as someone else who mentioned water damage in their review had mixed results but I figured it was worth a shot. Better than nothing right? Well... these people fixed my problem and I'm quite happy because my phone works good as new now. I was hoping to at least be able to get my data off there as a bare minimum and they exceeded my expectations. And as long as I don't find out down the line that this place leaked my nude selfies all over the internet (lol), I'd say I'm stoked with my experience here. Seriously though... Y'all didn't do that to me, did you? LOL!
5	This place is great they have save my daughter's Ipod screen 3 times now! Thank you Thank you Thank you!!
4	It's a bad time when you drop your iPad and have a big crack in the display, but the folks at iRepairs Wireless mitigated the pain dramatically.After receiving the $299 estimate for a fix at the Apple Store, I visited this place - and for $170 after the discount, I got the iPad back in 2 hours. And the display looks like a new one. It just feels like the same grade of Gorilla Glass, you can't tell the difference.And this is saying from a fanatical Apple fan who has owned every iOS device released to date, on the first day of launch every time.I'm satisfied!
5	My iPhone 4 stopped taking a charge.  (It wasn't the charging cable, I've been through that already, they're disposable.)  Saw the reviews, brought it to these guys.  Dropped it off at noon.  Picked it up at 3pm, phone was repaired and charged.  $44.  Heck a lot cheaper than dealing with the cellular company and getting roped into a new contract.  They're fast, cheap, and right.
5	These guys rock. Fixed my i5 glass super fast. Nice clean friendly place. ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
4	This place was fast, friendly and they guaranteed their work! They saved us from a very long and boring drive to California by replacing our daughter's iPod touch screen while we grabbed lunch at the Luxor. They were done in 45 minutes! Located in Chinatown and was easy to find.
4	OK, it's unfortunate that just two months after I fixed my iPad Air, I had to bring my iPhone 5s today. Oh well.$120 minus discount plus tax = $125. Waited 30 minutes and boom, I got the like-new shiny screen again.Totally worth it.
5	What can I say  I went to this place fixed my iphone 5 screen in 30 min and they even gave me 30 days to bring it back if if dosent work total of cause 100 dollars ...I was going to go to go gadgets or dessert wireless witch they good reviews as well there 20 makes u think twice ...but this shop I went too has no bad reviews don't b cheap spend the extra 20 dollars for a perfect job ..the guy even spent 5 min testing iphone making sure everything works
5	These guys aren't just techs....they're wizards!!! Brought my moms broken screen iPad 3 on a busy Saturday and they were done with it in 3 hours! Tested it out and it's perfect. Honest and experts in their field.
5	went in there and definitely got the $5 off deal for seeing their store on yelp:D great customer service and my display screen for my iPhone was repaired in 30 minutes as they stated. Would definitely come here again for a phone repair!:) they were also really nice
1	Worst service ever and over priced!! I didn't feel welcomed and they were mean. Don't go here!
5	Highly recommend
5	My iphone was dead and I thought it needed a new battery. The associate showed me how to reset the phone and did not even charge me! Also they will replace my husbands cracked iphone screen for $70. I will definitely recommend them to others!
5	Great customer service. They fixed my daughter's iPad mini screen and it looked brand new again.  I found them cheaper than other places I called.
4	- $60 (quoted $65 but they gave me a $5 discount) to unlock my GSM iPhone 5.- It would have been $50 to unlock my GSM/AT&T GoPhone Nokia Lumia 521, but I decided against that.- Takes about a week.  Also quoted me $50 to replace an iPhone battery.- I'm satisfied with the services.  Parking can be tricky.
