4	Love it! Small, about 15 tables inside but, outside there are about 6 more. If you go during the warmer months there is a band concert in the mall on Fri. and Sat. nights. (80's, 90's, eclectic) The sushi is good and fresh and does not dip into the wallet to heavy.
4	This definitely my favorite sushi spot in Charlotte...either the one on Park or the location down off Providence and 485.  Good selection, well priced and they do have Chimay...Chimay is king.  Wait staff is almost always very friendly and fast...sushi chefs are hilarious, so when you get the chance...sit at the sushi bar and strike up a little conversation with them.Also...and I'm sorry for even bringing this up...but they have some unreasonably good fried ice cream!!!  Then again, how can fried ice cream be bad...anyway, check that out.
5	My new favorite Sushi spot in the QC after Rusaan's fell off.  Sushi 101 is my ideal Sushi joint, laid back and Americanized with plasma TVs with SportsCenter.  Large portraits of American Pop Star's like Gwen Stefani adorn the walls and the staff is very friendly.  I've eaten most of the sushi on the menu, and have come to order the same things now that I know what i really want, and the following list gets my mouth watering regularly at which times I gotta grab my girl and hit up Sushi 101.  My recommendations begin with the Tempura shrimp appetizer, lightly friend jumbo plump shrimp, almost big enough to be prawns, taste incredible, the light batter adds a crunchiness and a sweetness to the natural flavor of the shrimp...money.I follow this up with a large beer, usually Kirin Ichiban or Sapporo Gold, and a large Carafe of the house Hot SakiFollow this up with an order of 8 orders of salmon sashimi and 8 orders of tuna, and I am not only full, but extremely happy. Not the most exotic order, but its my favorite and Sushi 101 does the basics so well I not only give them 5 stars, but my repeat repeat business, I mean at least once a week, Thursdays are great cause its not too crowded and you also tend to get bigger cuts of tuna and salmon.
5	While I would not consider Sushi 101 a traditional Sushi restaurant that is the exact reason I enjoyed it so much.The Wait staff is knowledgeable and friendly ,the food superb and the atmosphere relaxed all things necessary for an enjoyable lunch or casual dinner.the Chef's Choice @ Lunchtime is one of the best values in town. ENJOY!!!!!
3	Dropping a star because the yakisoba is overly complicated.  If you order yakisoba, make sure to ask for the "regular" noodles or they may give you the healthy kind which don't taste as good.  And even then, depending on which chef is working at the moment, you may still get a confusing bowl of soggy noodles.  Traditional yakisoba is made with egg noodles.  The soba noodles they try to force on you here completely change the flavor and texture of the dish and they don't pan fry the same way at all.  If you tried yakisoba here and didn't like it, make sure you try it at another restaurant because it's not authentic in any way shape or form!  And if you tried the soba noodles and didn't like it you still shouldn't write off soba.  It's also prepared completely differently in Japan.  Sushi 101's Americanizations of these two dishes really botch it for me.That said, the nigiri, sushi and maki seem high quality and made fresh to me, although I don't eat them very often.  I go for the izakaya items like yakitori (chicken skewers) which are pretty reliable.  This place has the best asparagus and beef skewers I've had outside of Japan.  A lot of the other items are hit or miss so you're just going to have to poke around.  It's worth a try but unfortunately seems best if you go in with "low" expectations.  I've been able to find a few things that work for me and it's very affordable so worth coming back if you peg a few things you like.
2	not bad
3	I have eaten a lot of sushi over the past 20 years and it is hard to find a good, yet affordable place to frequent regularly. My favs are too expensive to hit every time I get a craving. Sushi 101 is the perfect middle ground. Great sushi locale for lunch. Not pricy just because it could be. Great food at a good value.
1	I know better than to expect great sushi in Charlotte, but I just ate here about a week ago and I wasn't just disappointed -- I was grossed out.  The (raw fish) sushi was warmer than room temperature.  How dangerous is that? My dining companion eats here regularly (why?) and states that is normal.  I value my health too much to try it again.
2	My daughter enjoys Sushi 101; however, since the kid prefers things basic & flavorless, that's not exactly a glowing endorsement.They do have some good appetizers and the yakitori is good (albeit a bit expensive at $2/ea).  Unfortunately, for a place named Sushi 101, their sushi is inconsistent at best.  Generally, if I order sushi here, it is very sloppy, showing inconsistent and uneven knife skills.  The fish is just OK and a lot of the sushi makes up for poor basics by adding flashy ingredients that detract from the dish.
3	Sushi 101 is pretty close to our house, so I checked it out when my husband was gone, and I was craving sushi.  I just ordered take-out then, since it was just me.  I went in, had a great conversation with the bartender, and got my food and paid pretty quickly.  When I got home and ate it all, I was super satisfied.  I had gotten the Miso soup, Rock n Roll Roll, and the Spicy Tuna roll.  All of these were really great, although they were heavy-handed with the aioli on the Rock n Roll.Tonight we went for dinner with another couple, and the experience was again very pleasant.  I think one of their greatest assets is a knowledgeable and friendly staff.  Our waitress was very nice, patient, and quick to deliver on special requests.   We ordered a lot of food.  My husband does not like sushi, but he ordered some fried rice and some tempura chicken, grilled beef, and fried chicken.  He gave his meal 3 stars, because he said things were average.  He actually enjoyed the sashimi appetizer most of all, which I also thought was good. The sushi rolls were good, I enjoyed the ones I got. I got yellowfin tuna and eel, and also the Sweet potato tempura roll, which was a nice surprise that I had never had before.  The other couple loves Sushi 101, and got a ridiculous amount of stuff that I will not list out.  My one overall complaint is that the menu is way too long and difficult to digest.  I ended up stumbling through my order, simply because I had to keep flipping back and forth.  It flustered even a seasoned sushi eater (I was trying to accommodate the recommendations made by the other couple I was with).The outdoor seating area is actually pretty nice, especially when it is beautiful outside!  Everyone had a great time and left satisfied--the hallmark of a great meal.
3	I love this place.  It's a bit noisy and sometimes hard to get a table (especially Friday night) but the service is very good and the sushi is very good -- some of it is quite eclectic so if you are a sushi purist you may not like some of their more unusual stuff, like the fried entries.  But overall it's fun and tasty and has a nice atmosphere.
1	Changed my rating after finding Musashi!
4	My wife and I love Sushi 101 - it's the place we go when we want raw fish. If you're one of those people who doesn't like sushi, Sushi 101 offers a number of delightfully cooked meals. So don't skip over the noodles as they are also very well done!It is sometimes a little noisy, try to get a seat towards the back of the restaurant as they bizarrely have a couple of tables at the front where smoking is allowed. There are also two large TV's that are usually turned in to a sports event.The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly. If you're bored of the usual stuff, let your waiter make some recommendations and you will be extremely pleased. Last night, I wasn't in a sushi mood, so I went with a noodle bowl. I asked that they make it light on the salt and it was delicious. Thick wheat noodles with lots of crisp vegetables and grilled chicken. Four different noodles and rice bowls are offered with a variety of toppings including portobello mushrooms, fried chicken, beef and shrimp.The sushi is also great. My wife went with the Passion Roll (which is made with sliced mango) and a Rainbow Roll. Both were exquisite and I ended up having to help her finish those off.
1	My husband and I went to Sushi 101 on a Tuesday evening. We met up with a group of people of approximately 8 people. The staff was able to easily accommodate all of us in the back of the restaurant (which was a lot more quieter and allowed us to hear the conversations better). The service was good, friendly, and attentive. They also have drink specials throughout the week. If I can remember correctly, the special for Tuesday was $2 domestics. The sushi, well, was a huge disappointment. We ordered a variety of basic rolls: spicy tuna, catepillar, and california. The presentation was nice; however, the taste and quality did not meet our expectations. The rolls were not solid and seemed "flimsy" (e.g., rice was separating). I'm glad we did not order sashimi or sushi pieces.The dessert was interesting and the best part of the dining experience. They have ice cream wrapped in rice paper. It is fun to try and has a "gummy" texture. Once we got home we noticed that the sushi was not settling well and our stomachs were definitely letting us know that this is a place never to go again. For the price of dinner, we should have received a higher quality of sushi.
3	a lil pricey I think, but i'm poor. good enough to fix a craving for sushi but...  It's like i'm saying, ya overstand?  I thought you would.  I dig it but it's kind of an underdigging experience.  Like sex on GHB, im sure its good but i dont really remember.
3	Went to Sushi 101 for lunch this past weekend.  The restaraunt was quiet, nearly empty, and the TVs were turned to the Panther's game.  Menu looked extensive, and featured many non-sushi items. We ordered a few standard sushi rolls and a few of their specialty creations.  Overall, the food was fresh and as expected.  The staff was friendly.I was satisfied with the experience, but not wowwed.  That could be a result of the strip-mall location, lack of ambiance, or lack of authentic feel.  Regardless, the food was good and I'd go back for lunch or a quick/cheap sushi night.However, for a date or special outing, Nikko would provide better ambiance.
2	When I first moved here this place was great and had large rolls. The last time I went though it has changed alot and I would not recommend it to people looking for good sushi in town. The rolls have became really small and prices are not in line either.
4	I was visiting from out of town and ended up eating here twice in one week.  Although I haven't been that impressed with the service, the sushi isn't bad.  I stay away from nearly any of the fried items, and stick to rolls.  I thought it was decent, and a few things that impressed me.  There were others that were just pretty plain and seemed like a hodge podge of fish as well though.  It's difficult to remember everything you ordered, it normally comes all at once, so you end up with a huge place with all your rolls on them.I stay away from the other menu items as well, I don't know... just didn't want to be filled up on other stuff when I could eat sushi..
2	I am new to the Charlotte area so I don't know if the sushi in this area is similar to Sushi 101 in quality, taste or size.  I do know that the menus I've reviewed online talk about sushi in different terms (i.e. "crunch" instead of panko flakes).  The prices here are comparable to other sushi places I've eaten around the country.  I was unimpressed by the taste of the rolls, finding them rather bland.  I'm wondering if the fish was previously frozen instead of fresh but I'm really not sure.    The "hot lava sauce" seems to be merely a puddle of sriracha sauce put on the side instead of being mixed in with Q-P mayo or some other ingrediant.  The rolls were rather loosely rolled, falling apart easily.   I thought the size of the rolls were rather small for the price though this may be standard for the area.Ambience and service were good but I hoped for better quality.  I doubt I would go back.  The sushi was in general mediocre.
2	The place has kind of a weird vibe, the place looks very nice with a large black bar type area and several high top tables. The art work that they have hanging up all around the place is a different story. The biggest piece is a painting of Gwen Stefani, not sure what she has to do with a sushi bar?The food was pretty good, we had a couple of rolls and some noodles. Everything was very well prepaired and flavorful. The service on the other hand was sub-par. We ordered edimame as a appitizer; it did not come out until we were half way through our lunch. When they brought our food out, they had botched our order and brought out several items that we never ordered. The food was good, but the overall experience was disappointing...
4	Great place.  Used to come here a lot when I had friends that lived close by and we'd do sushi nights.  For some reason we always get the table located right underneath the rather large painting of Gwen Stafani.  It's become tradition and we always get bummed if someone else is sitting underneath it when we arrive.Sushi is always made well and the staff keeps your glasses filled and always seem to have a smile.Edamame is always a great starter to munch on while deciding what kind of rolls or maki you are going to get.
4	Love the dark bar look of this sushi place, among other things ;). They are consistent with the quality of food and service. Lunch time is usually hectic and it can sometimes take long. The staff is so helpful and know their menu. They have great, fresh sushi and reasonable prices. Try the edamame, seaweed salad and the Professor Vu.
4	We've always been rather impressed with Sushi 101. They are always busy, the rolls are fresh. I think you just need to know how to order, i.e spicy tuna roll-order it chopped with sriracha hot chili sauce.A lot of the menu is fried, but hey we in the south. I just avoid that stuff. The food is quick and tasty. Can't complain!
3	Went to Sushi 101 for lunch with the co-workers. Overall I thought it was just a-ok. I had the Professor Vu Roll which is shrimp tempura, cream cheese, avocado, tuna, crab salad, and scallions for $11.95The roll was a bit pricey for the caliber(and amount) of the food (in my opinion). I like the crab salad a lot but nothing really stood out flavor-wise. For $12 Ive had much better rolls at Press and Soul. I tried a piece of my co-workers California roll which seemed mushy. Also tried the veggie tempura. The tempura looked fabulous but seriously lacked flavor. Also tried a rock & roll - which was alright, although I am not a huge eel person so maybe I am biased. My total lunch was about $15 - including tip ...I feel like I have had much better lunches at that price point.I would give it another try though...maybe they'll wow me the second time around.
2	The service was terrible, we were not sure of who our server was, and it seemed to be they did not either. The food was barely at par, nothing special. I used a card to pay, and when I checked my transactions, they had taken more than what I had written. Never going back...that is unprofessional and immoral to take more money than expected, on a business level as well as personal.
4	My friends and I swung by Sushi 101 for a late dinner on Friday night and I opted for the noodle bowls instead of sushi and I was glad I did - I got the chicken combo, with the house Japanese style and the thick wheat noodles - it was incredible!  Everyone seemed very happy in my group and the service was excellent - my glass of water was never below half and our waitress was extremely attentive.  I will definitely be back and recommend it to anyone around the Park Road shopping center.
5	Dear Sushi 101, Of the things I miss about Charlotte, it's you I miss the most. Your pals Professor Vu and Crispy Bagel...and Spider Roll and Queen Roll...and the spicy aioli!  Sigh... I've found some great sushi places in Raleigh, but wow do I miss you. I promise to keep visiting you every time I go back to Charlotte...whether it's sitting at the sushi bar and enjoying the excellent service and ambience, or a quick phone call for prompt take-out.  You're the best!
2	I really don't have much to say, the rolls are pretty average, the decor is modernistic and the service is friendly. But at $15 for what you get it's a bit expensive. For $5 less I can just drive down the road and go to Ru San's for a much bigger selection of lunchtime sushi and it also tastes a bit fresher there.
3	If your looking for a good lunch special for $10 Sushi 101 always has a good deal - usually 2 huge rolls that are hard for one person to finish.  Other then that there is nothing too special about this place - the sushi is decent there is a large selection on the menu, service is ok.  I find it a little pricey for what you get.  The sushi bar is nice.  If you are in the area check them out for lunch.
3	Good atmosphere and good location, right by Montford.  I would however, like some more options in terms of rolls that do not have typical American ingredients like cream cheese.  I thought the generic rolls were a tad on the expensive side.  But a good place to meet up with a group and share appetizers
3	I actually like Sushi 101, despite it's mediocre Yelp rating, and despite the fact that I myself am only giving it three stars.  It's a semi-regular lunch spot for my co-workers and me.  The food is good; it is pricey, but they usually have a decent special, and that's what I have gotten each time so far.  Last time the special was a fried California roll and a smoked salmon and cream cheese roll.  I didn't realize that the California roll was fried when I ordered it, and I thought I would be disappointed, since I usually dislike fried rolls.  However, the fry job this time was very light, so it wasn't too bad.The service robs Sushi 101 of it's fourth star, for me at least.  It's generally slow, and while usually polite, can sometimes be snarky.
4	I've been a huge fan of Sushi 101 for years.  I seldom get around to the University location- but that one is my favorite.  At both locations; they consistently serve up great sushi & the noodle bowls are delicious too!  And the service is so quick.  I'm talking- in and out in under 20 minutes.  Which can be a major bonus at times.
3	Average sushi. I could not tell anything special about the flavor. Spicy tuna roll was not really spicy. Rest tasted kinda bland which Include dragon roll and spider roll. Though not bad place but I expected more for the price.
3	As a grad student with limited funds, I really appreciate the Sushi 101 deals.  Specifically, the $2 martini nights.  I thought the sushi was good.  It didn't blow me away but I was by no means disappointed.  I tried a specialty roll which ran about 11 bucks (I apologize I can't recall the name) and a regular spicy tuna (about 5 bucks).  I ate both rolls happily. That being said, there is really only one reason I would go back to sushi 101 - the drink specials they offer!  You can get decent sushi with a super cheap bar tab.  Tip: go to the website prior to heading to the restaurant.  This way you can select the night that has the most appealing drink deals for you and your friends!
4	Had dinner here tonight. It was great! I enjoyed the ballantyne roll, surf n turf roll and the spicy katsu chicken roll.I ordered a side of miso soup and had kikkokomen plum wine. Yummy! Check out their menu for the roll ingredients. I was so hungry I forgot to take pics.If you are a sushi connoisseur like myself you might think the menu is a little commercial, but it's a great place to take a newbie sushi eater. There is something good to eat for everyone, no matter what their taste buds desire,even vegans. Check it out you wont be disappointed. Since it's Friday I expected them to be packed, but they weren't and i got my food in less than 15 minutes. My server Allison was great and she knew the menu and best tasty choices. The men who prepared my meal also greeted me and asked how I liked every thing.
4	One of our favorite date night destinations, Sushi 101 is consistently good with great service. We went wild and got the Chef's Choice Sashimi last visit, and the manager came to our table to explain what was on our beautiful platter. We are now big fans of the hamachi and mackerel - things we probably wouldn't have ordered a la carte on our own. The rolls are always great, but it was fun for us to try something new in a place we trust.
1	Terrible service for overpriced moderate quality sushi in a roach infested strip mall. Skip this and head down to New Zealand cafe for something much better.  See my photo of the roach in the biz photos.
1	umm I will never go here again and never recommend this place.. In fact 2 of my other friends that went on different days than i did agree with me on this one... I had the special combo sushi roll meal thing they had and it was really bad.. I felt soo hungry after eating lunch here that I ended up having an early dinner...
5	Sushi 101 is the best in Charlotte. The service is spot on, the atmostphere is fun, and the over all experience is great! My favorite rolls are: The Sir Justin roll and Fried Katsu Chicken Maki Roll. Btw- don't believe the comments about the roaches!! This is one of the cleanest establishments in Charlotte! Great drink specials: Mondays $2 Martinis, Tuesday $1 domestics, Wednesdays $2 well drinks, and Thursdays $2 saketinis.
5	Sushi 101 rocks!!! Saw Mark C's post couldn't believe it till I looked at his other restaurants.  He's just trying to reroute business to the New Zealand Cafe. What a shitty  and lame way to do it!!  The rolls at sushi are fun a creative.  The owners the staff are very friendly. I've been a regular for over 5 years. It's the "Cheers" of sushi restaurants in Charlotte.  :)
4	I love this place. It consistently gives good Americanized sushi. They have a decent selection and rarely have I tried something that I did not enjoy, like uni (this is more a taste/texture preference than a judgement of the restaurant). They have a sushi bar, that also has booze, which is a great way to quickly get a sushi/sake meal and some good conversation from the friendly bar tender and your fellow sushi eaters. If you're craving a more authentic Japanese food experience, don't go here, but when you just want sushi, this is your spot!
4	Stopped in for a snack today. I have been dining at Sushi 101 for about 10 years and love it. The place was empty but it was an unusual time of day, 3pm on a Sunday. The Host was very nice. I always love when I am greeted with a smile. I chose to sit at the sushi bar. The Host took my drink order and food order promptly. I had the Squid Salad and Spider Roll. The salad was perfect but the roll was a little disappointing. The middle pieces of the roll had no Spider, ie. Soft Shell Crab, bummer! Definitely not the norm for Sushi 101. The Host and the Waitress came over several times to check on me. Yeah I know they were probably bored but it still made me feel semi special.As I was leaving the Kitchen staff AND the Host bid me a fond farewell. Seriously, a girl can get use to that kind of attention.
2	No matter where I visit, I must have sushi.  Knowing this, my dearest brother brought me here.  In all honesty, not real memorable.  Need to start writing down what I have.  However, my mother who doesn't eat sushi/rolls ordered the lettuce cups.  They were good. Meh... I've got nothing.
1	Went to Sushi 101 last night as part of my quest to try all the sushi restaurants in Charlotte, and I gotta say that I won't be going back. I was expecting a lot more of a restaurant with such a good location right on the water and between the Hilton and FireWater, but I'm pretty sure this place just serves grocery-store quality sushi and you pay to look at the lake while you eat. The restaurant itself was filthy (the floor looked like it hadn't been swept in weeks) and the decorating was your average dollar-store kitschy Asian junk. It was a little crowded when we arrived and we were seated at a small, very wobbly table in the middle of the restaurant. It seemed like they were wasting some space with the table arrangement, and the other side of the restaurant had big leather couches instead of chair...? Considering the general sloppiness of the place, I shudder to think about those couches. The menus were poorly designed laminated things and filthy, and the rolls were a little expensive ($9+ for maki, generally $3 more than other nearby places).The sushi was unremarkable to outright unpleasant. We ordered the Crispy Bagel, the Ninja Roll, the Rainbow Roll, and one Kani nigiri. The rolls came out quickly and the server was sweet but not too professional (as we were leaving she was sitting at a nearby table with other servers gossiping loudly). The presentation of the rolls was sloppy and not even slightly elegant as sushi should be. The bagel roll was good but pretty much a standard bagel roll, except it had Japanese mayo on it instead of eel sauce, which was sort of unusual (and not in a good way). The rainbow roll was also your stock rainbow roll, nothing special. The ninja roll was room temperature even though it was supposedly a baked roll and it honestly tasted like the fish had gone bad; I only ate a few pieces before I couldn't stomach it, and later that evening I had some serious stomach issues that I'm attributing to this place. The crab salad handroll was very dry and tough, and there was no "salad" about it, it was just shredded crab. The rolls were loosely assembled so that they fell apart when you picked them up, the rice was dry, the sauce was scarce, and whatever brand of soy sauce they use is no good. Maybe I just happened to visit this place on the absolute worst day, but I'm not willing to give them a second chance after this disappointment.
3	You had me at $4.99 lunch special to celebrate your anniversary! It's been a couple years since my initial review and I have to say that this time around I have enjoyed the sushi. By no means is this my favorite sushi spot, but it satisfies and it's in a popular location.They have great daily specials and generous portions...see my photo for the details.Service is good and efficient; they get you in and out and back to work in no time.
5	LOVE their "anniversary lunch special".  We've gone over and over again for the $4.99 for two rolls!!  We called today to see if they were still doing it - as it's been going on for the last 4 months - and they said that it was "last month's special".  The sushi was very good, very basic rolls.  They started using asparagus in everything, I love it, the boyfriend doesn't so much.  We've been going about once a week for that amazing lunch special.  Probably won't visit that frequently now, so... Here's to hoping that the lunch special returns!!
4	Being from and living in Rochester, NY California Rollin is our best sushi place in my opinion. But this place was even better! I would definitely go back and I wish they had a Sushi 101 in Rochester. My friend and I did takeout when I was here and next time I would like to eat in as it has a trendy atmosphere. I'm a fan!
4	A GOOD place for  sushi.  Can't beat the lunch special.  It's chef's choice but I have never been served one that I didn't like.  I realize that people are particular about their sushi. I just don't understand the bad reviews. My coworkers and I eat there once a week at lunch.  Service is always good, sushi is fresh and flavorful and the restaurant is clean.  For the money this is a great value.
1	Walked in on a decently busy Friday night, to an empty hostess stand. We were ignored by the guy behind the bar in the green shirt, but not by the college-age kids who made sarcastic "rock 'n' roll!" comments in our direction. Later, Mr. Green Shirt doled out orders to various staff members, so I assume he was the owner or at the very least the manager? Wearing a neon t-shirt is probably not what you want to do if you don't want attention drawn to yourself as the guy in charge, that's management 101.Before too long, a server awkwardly took us to a table (and I mean VERY awkwardly, it was obvious she was only doing it because she had to). She brought our drink orders quickly and asked us if we wanted straws. Again, awkward, but we shrugged it off. She was visibly annoyed that we didn't know what we wanted yet, and made sure to ask every 2 or so minutes. We got a cucumber roll and the Mt. Fuji roll (which didn't come out quite as described - it was supposedly "flash fried", but the only evidence of this was a tiny bit of tempura flake next to the seaweed and the mildly warm temperature of the roll. Also, "hot lava sauce" is just a puddle of spicy mayo with a bit of sriracha sauce in the middle, yawn), neither of which tasted remarkably fresh, but weren't fishy or anything either. The miso soup was actually above average. We still had a couple of pieces of maki left when she asked if she could take our plates. When we said no, she asked "Can I bring the check then?" The hours on the door said they were open for a good 3 more hours, so I don't understand the rush. By this point we were more than ready to leave and not come back.Weird vibe, awkward service, no free refills on soda (or so we were told), mediocre-at-best but overpriced sushi and I ended up being ill to my stomach later. Sushi 101, go back to school.
4	Hooray, sushi! My friends and I frequent here just about every Tuesday. It's kind of tradition. We enjoy an array of delicious selections from fried rice heaven to noodle bowl extravaganza to sushi superbedness! Nightly drink specials, awesome service from our favorite server joined with a fun lively atmosphere makes this Sushi 101 a great spot to get your grub on!
4	Been several times, a definite favorite for me and friends to hit up when we are craving sushi.  Their ginger dressing is delicious and the sushi is always great.  This past time I went with my girlfriends and I ordered the Sir Justin Roll (fantastic tuna on top) and the Dynamite roll....if you love anything spicy, this is your roll!!!  The nigri is wonderful-very fresh (love the tuna and salmon) and they have giant Sapparos for a pretty decent price. *And of course, great service!
4	Wow, this place really hits on all cylinders!  Not only are the rolls fresh and creative they won't break the bank!  Not overly done with a bad ratio of rice to fish like some places, Sushi 101 really knows how to roll :)  I had a coupon for dinner and I've eaten lunch here a few times so I can realistically say I've never had a bad experience here.  The service is always prompt and polite and the drink specials always treat me right also.  Don't come here looking for insane, ecclectic interiors or a decor that is going to blow your socks off.  It's a simple place and it's simply delicious.Look online on their site for a coupon or two and pay attention to those drink specials.  $1 bottled domestics is pretty good if I do say so myself.
4	I would definitely give this place 5 stars if the decor was sexier.  Located in the same complex as one of my favorite places (Total Wine and More!!!) it is easy to find off Park and Woodlawn.  There is lot parking and the store-front is very small.  Once you get inside tho you see it is a long restaurant and also has a long bar.  The food here is unreal!!!  Not at all what this snob expected from the decor.  The tuna appetizer recommended by our great and friendly waitress was DIVINE.  I still have dreams about it.  It was tuna marinated in a sauce and served with crispy rice cake type things,  So fantastic we ate every drop.  Honestly this could have been my dinner maybe with some soup.  We will be back just for this app.  But also the dinner rolls were awesome - I can't remember which I got but the sushi was fresh and delicious.  Service excellent and on Tuesdays they have $1 domestic beer - YAHOO!!!
4	I had heard mixed things about Sushi 101 and hadn't worked up the pre-meal courage to give it a go. One of my good friends and I wanted to grab some sushi for lunch one day and recommended it, so I happily obliged. I'm thrilled that we ended up the 101! It's an elongated set up. Long bar, a few tables along the wall, some high tops, and dimly lit. A few TVs and really strange local art -- all depicting celebrities of some sort. I recall seeing John Candy and Gwen Stefani of all people... Not sure of the motif they are shooting for, but it definitely stands out!For lunch, this place is a freaking steal. Me and my buddy sat at the bar and ordered 20 pieces of tuna, salmon, mackerel, and hamachi sashimi, and we each ordered the lunch special -- a crunchy asparagus roll and an eel maki. The eel was pretty nasty. The brown, sweet, smoky sauce on top was a total ruin. It would have been much better sans the death liquid. The crunchy asparagus was divine. Holy wow. That sashimi? Right on the money, son! Goodness we chowed down and even ordered a second round! Fresh, flavorful, and a great choice for sharing. I even ordered one of the lunch specials for my wife, to go, and our bill was only $40! FOR EVERYTHING. I was shocked. Seriously a great deal for a sushi lunch. My biggest complaint is the temperature. This place was set at 60 degrees and I had to run and grab a jacket because the door kept swinging open. It just kept getting colder and colder. Not a huge deal and I would still eat here if it were set at 30 degrees!They have some funky hours and I think dinner is served late. I'm definitely looking forward to lunch here again soon.
5	HOW can you beat this - delicious food! Have visited this place several times already. It's like lounge-like atompshere but serves sushi...just go.
3	Okay, so I'm addicted to sushi. Sushi 101 has the advantage of being the only sushi spot in walking distance from my place and I was DYING for some after getting a mani pedi at Creative Nails last week. It'd been long enough that I was willing to give them another go. I'm happy to say that this time the service was pleasant and fast and the sushi was delicious. I got a miso (still good) to start and 1 chicken katsu yakitori skewer. I'm not sure if the breading on the katsu was legitimate panko breading or if the skewer was just deep fried, but it was tasty. I got the Dynamite Roll which is now my absolute favorite - the combination of flavors between the jalepeno, crab salad, seared salmon and wasabi mayo is amazing. I also got a spicy tuna roll and it tasted really fresh.They do the pomegranate martini right, not too sweet but just enough to balance the slightly bitter pom and liquor flavors. Happy I went back!
4	I am a frequent customer of this place. The atmosphere is very quiet and relaxing. It is a casual dining experience so nothing fancy, just good food! Allison is the best she will go the extra mile to make sure you get what you want! Good place for a caual date night.
3	Heard that this place was decent and decided to give it a try when I had a hankering for sushi on a random Thursday night.  The place isn't anything special on the outside and looks like any other typical sushi place.  I wasn't expecting much, but was pleasantly surprised to get nice portions for the specialty "spicy tuna deluxe" and that it was more tuna and less rice than your regular rolls.  I also got some salmon nigiri and they were only $1 each.  I saw on the board that they have drink specials and will definitely be back to do try their $2 sake martinis.  We just took our food to go, but the staff seemed friendly enough and there were enough people there on that late Thursday night to let me know it's worth coming back.
3	I was across the street in the Park Place shopping center and decided to get some sushi. Well actually, I had been craving sushi all week, and figured this was the time to try something different. I had heard some really good things about Sushi 101 and there are multiple locations so I knew that I would be in good hands.Well, I really wanted to like this place...I did but in my book it was just average. I stopped in a little after 1:30, I wanted to make sure I missed the heavy lunch crowd. Lucky for me the place was pretty empty. I scored a seat right in from by the window and was presented a menu. The menu is pretty extensive so that was very impressive. And they have a pretty good wine list and daily drink specials...whoo hoo!In an effort to "try something new" I got the Crispy California Roll which comes topped with napoli sauce. Think delicious california roll...deep fried...classic flavors a little bit of crunch...I really don't know what to say...other than it was just okay. I really did enjoyed the napoli sauce ! But everything else was just pretty basic. Nothing really stood out to me, I mean don't get me wrong, it was not bad by any means. It just didn't WOW me. However, service was good. And the prices are very reasonable. I'm going to give them another try. Maybe with a different roll and a drink special I'll become a fan!
3	I saw a lot of items on this menu that I'd not seen at other sushi places; a lot of them fried or including meat.  I guess that reflects the local palette, and I'm not going to take off any points for that.  I sat at the bar and found it clean, and bustling.  I ordered a few traditional rolls, and although the service was quite slow (the barman  apologized more than once), everything tasted well prepared and carefully. The presentation was rushed on one of the rolls, but impeccable on the others.  The fish tasted fresh, and you could tell the three guys making everything had their hands full.  I respect that, but I feel they could probably hire a fourth chef. This was a Thursday dinner service, and it was a full house.  This place cares about what they do, the price is right, and it was nice to see it was a family run restaurant, with brothers and sisters of employees stopping in throughout the night. The barman was incredibly attentive and seemed to know plenty of customers by name (and by order, apparently).  Also, the guy will put on the game if you ask, and to be honest, I sort of like that when I'm sitting solo at the bar.Points are off for the speed, otherwise would be a solid 4.
4	Great lunch specials!
5	The review is solely on their cajun edamame, the sushi is just ok!
3	Open til Midnight on Friday and Saturday - the reason we tend to visit Sushi 101 most of the time.Likes - you can select the style of noodle dish (i.e. with broth, without broth), the proteins, and the type of noodles. Tempura is always yummy, light and crisp. We like to ask that the tempura comes on the side if we are having tempura noodles to keep it that way throughout the meal.Dislikes - Inconsistency. We ordered the S&S 101 combo ($25 - a good deal in my opinion so we order it often). It's Sashimi, nigiri, and a rainbow roll. Sometimes the sashimi is cut thick, fresh and nice. Sometimes, like this night, not so much. Perhaps the chefs got lazy because it was later in the night (around 10:45 pm when we placed our order) but it was like they took the slices for nigiri and just rolled it up into the rose pattern.We tend to stay away from the other entrees. Ordered the duck entree once and was not impressed. The sushi and noodles are good for the price, so we will keep going there - maybe staying away from the sashimi on late nights going forward.
4	I had been going to Sushi 101 for years, but haven't been in a while. Today I decided to meet a friend for lunch & enjoyed it. The service is great and the sushi lives up to its price and description. The miso soup is a great starter, and for me miso leads me to god things, if it is good. We enjoyed a few rolls, the rising sun, surf & turf, and the crab make w/ a few pieces of tuna, maguro and hamachi, all delicious. I will definitely remember this when craving sushi for lunch...I do wish this location was open for lunch on the weekends.
5	First time here , popped in for a quick lunch, amazingly fresh, great menu, fast and friendly I will be back with my honey.    (:
3	When in Charlotte always enjoyed sushi at Ballaytne location. First visit to Woodlawn location. Lunch special was great value. 2 rolls for$7.95. Sushi was good, not great, but for the price, highly recommend. Very attentive service.
4	Always good service here. Pretty hefty sake menu with new brands/options that have come in recently. The sushi here does it's job and is quite tasty. I recommend the Sir Justin roll - best on the menu. The Ahi tuna appetizer is sooo good. Do yourself a favor and order it next time you swing by. The atmosphere is laid back and the massive chalk board on the side wall will always tell you what the specials are and what's new. Monday thru Thursday you can count on daily drink specials like $1 domestics (yay!) and $3 wells... not sure what days they fall but hey, just go eat sushi and you'll figure it out. Only thing I'm waiting for is for 101 to switch up the menu a bit. I've been dining here every so often for probably about 3 years now and have yet to see a new menu hit the table - would love to see new sushi rolls and different app options already!
5	Great place for sushi and the staff is a lot of fun!  Good drink specials - especially Tuesday night!   $1 beers!!!   Cathy & Jen provide great service and the food is outstanding.  A must stop in Charlotte!
4	Hello friends,Since this will be my 3rd time writing a review for Sushi 101 I'll keep it short.This is my go to place for a quick dose of sushi. Pretty good specials also. TTFN
4	Good sushi, even better price.This location is tucked in the back of the Parktowne Village Shopping Center. It's kind of dimly lit at night, so it would be easy to miss if you didn't know it was back there. Must get item: Spicy Edamame. All edamame should strive to be this. The staple app tossed in a delicious sauce. One order may not be enough for your table.Spring rolls: These were tasty, but they were all different shapes and sizes. Nothing wrong with that... just threw us all off when they arrived.Crispy Maki 101 Roll: Tuna or salmon rolled in nori and lightly fried. Topped with a mayo and chili sauce. I usually get this every time. I like that it's not too heavy for a fried roll.Professor Vu Roll: Shrimp tempura and cream cheese topped with avocado, tuna and crab salad. Everything is better with crab salad on top.Sushi 101 has some great drink specials throughout the week, but note there are no specials on Fridays and Saturdays. They are also not opened for lunch on Saturdays. Service is always good. I have never had a bad experience here. Our server Quinn was fantastic during my last visit here Friday evening.
1	Not sure how other people can give this place anything better than two stars.  I ate here as one of first places when I moved a little over a month ago and it was just not good.  The rice on all the sushi was mushy.  The sushi chefs didn't look like they cared very much about the sanitation of their prep areas.Not a fan...
4	Sushi 101 is one of the first restaurants I happened to find when I first moved to Charlotte in June, 2011 but, I have not been there until tonight. Now I'm kicking myself for not going earlier. We walked in the bar and immediately greeted and told we could sit where ever we want. It was a very casual place with a come as you are vibe.  The server was very friendly and made a point to check on us without being bothersome. I was able to ask questions and she was knowledgeable with her answers. I ordered 2 sushi rolls, salad, and miso soup for myself. My only complaint was the salad was too large and the dressing tasted like there was a touch of mustard. I would probably not order that again. The sushi tasted very fresh and was some of the best I've tried in Charlotte. My daughter ordered miso soup and nothing green and fried rice with only egg. There was no problem with her special request and the food came out exactly as she asked.I wanted to try sushi tonight, but they have different versions of noodles on the menu. One is served in a broth as a soup. For this, you are able to choose your type of noodle and the protein. I would like to come back soon to try this. Perhaps this weekend.
3	Good Sushi, pretty fresh, nice place if you need a quick sushi fix that is reliable, consistent and basic. I ordered one of their speciality roles that had tuna, white fish, avacado and tempura crunches..it was pretty good.  The pieces stayed together pretty good which was nice and they weren't too big which was also nice!  I wish there was a bit more crunch to offset the mushy avacado but that is a personal preference.  Overall the service was nice, the food was good, the price was reasonable.
5	I love this place, my boyfriend and I probably go here once a month for dinner. We always sit at the bar (best service) and are helped right away. I would recommend the Sir Justin's Roll to someone who has never been here before and if you are looking for something light to start, the seaweed salad is delicious.
5	Great food, great service. Ask for Kathy... She is the most personable and sweetest waitress I've ever met.
4	We loved ALL the food. Gyoza pan fried were delicious as well as the shrimp tempura. We really liked that they had seperate dipping sauces, not just some generic sauce for every plate.  I had $3 glasses of yummy house wine!My husband got the professor vu roll and chicken and tofu yakatori and raved about it all.I had the sir justin roll (per the server's recommendation) and the dragon roll, both were fantastic but the sir justin was the clear winner.  Even my husband loved it more than anything else. Beautiful presentation of delicious and fresh fish.  Service was great, our server was knowledgeable about the menu and answered all of our questions and gave great recommendations.  ONLY complaint- canned sodas! My husband doesn't like alcohol and loves his soda so it was a little inconvenient.
3	Sushi 101 is probably the name of a sushi place where I would eat - though truth be told, I'm probably even in remedial sushi, as when we have gone, I don't even always order sushi. Send me to detention.The good news is that the staff is ultra-friendly, and doesn't seem to mind if you don't order sushi. Hey, if they put it on the menu, it's fair game. So when we order fried rice, they didn't turn up their nose or anything.Now I get that it probably isn't their speciality - it's not like we were eating at Fried Rice 101 or anything - so it wasn't spectacular, but it was perfectly serviceable, so when we're in the mood for sushi, we'll give it a shot.
1	Absolutely horrible. I just tossed my entire order in the trash. They cut my sashimi into CUBES?!?! Unreal.
4	For the price this sushi cannot be beat. In fact it's better than a lot of places that cost much more. They have a large selection of sushi as well as other traditional Asian dishes. The inside of the restaurant isn't large so larger groups may feel crammed. The atmosphere is very casual.
5	LOVE IT! We are regulars here and enjoy our sushi! Always consistent, great staff, good prices (matters when you go every week! )
1	Went to this place with my best friend sometime last week. We were starving so anything good would have tasted great. Instead, the chicken teriyaki we had was simply the worst I've had in my life. Rubbery chicken, and the teriyaki sauce was just disgusting. I didn't try the sushi but I saw plenty of people eating it and not looking as disappointed as we were. I will like to say I will try this place again but it was not cheap and so so bad that no,I can't give it a second chance.
3	Since my last review back in 2013, I feel like I have waited too long to write an update. After several visits over the last year I wasn't too thrilled about meeting a friend there for lunch today, as I feel like both the service and food has diminished. Today prooved to be correct.  The waitress practically ignored us, never refilled our drinks and only appeared to take our order and drop off the check, someone else brought our lunch. As for the sushi, we chose the Bamboo Roll, tuna, salmon, and shrimp wrapped in cucumber, good, but how can they go wrong with that one. We also chose the Surf and Turf, okay seriously.  It is fried shrimp with sirloin...what sirloin? The roll basically was shrimp with A LOT of rice...so not worth it. In addition to the rolls we selected a varierty of nigiri, nothing special.  Overall it does disaapoint me since this was my go to place for a years, but now I feel like there are too many others options available for lunch with better quality, and service.
4	Not the best sushi in Charlotte but still really really good for the money.   Huge selection of rolls.   This was our first  time in several yrs but we like great sushi on a budget. So we will be back.
4	Great value for lunch. Friendly staff, fresh tasting food every time.
4	We tried Sushi 101 a couple of weekends ago and I can't wait to go back.  Our server, I cannot remember his name, was so nice!  The restaurant is tucked away but gps took us right to it.  Cute little restaurant with a very nice sushi bar/bar bar.  They have some great sushi and that's just what we came for.  Steamed dumplings were good too!  Prices are great, not outrageous like some places and you can tell the sushi is fresh.  I would recommend this restaurant to sushi lovers in Charlotte.  We went a bit early in the evening because we figured it would be busy later. Good idea on our part, but I bet it's rather lively after 6:30.  Love it!
4	Quality sushi and not overly expensive. I love the calamari, ahi poke, tuna and avocado roll, surf and turf roll, and volcano roll. The bartenders are also awesome. Try a sake-tini!
5	Love this place! Amazing shrimp fried rice and you get enough to eat for three days. The Professor is my favorite sushi roll. They have good noodle bowls too. The drink specials are always good. $3 wells on Wed. Nice atmosphere and great service.
5	INCREDIBLE!!This sushi might even be better than CowFish!! A fantastic, dive, off the beaten path, low key place for some of the best sushi I have had in Charlotte!! Tons of deals, great fresh sushi rolls, and noodle bowls - so even if your friends are not sushi fans there is something for them to eat too!!Best tip about this place: Cajan edamame - not listed on the menu, but unbelievable - and the sauce at the bottom of the bowl - best dipping for sushi instead of soy sauce!!
4	Still love this place!  I must say the Passion roll and the Panhandle roll are my current favorites.  The Dancing eel is really good too.  We will continue coming back!
5	This is my neighborhood sushi restaurant. I can't say enough good things about this place. Nowhere else in Charlotte you can get single pieces of tuna or salmon for $1 each. They are fresh and so big i can't even see the rice underneath it. Nobody can beat their $3 martini special during the week.Go see Allison at the bar. She is very sweet and will take good care of you.
