5	Zack's has the best hamburgers in the Queen City.  Walking into Zack's is like walking into a time warp where people trust know, and genuinely like people and want to serve them the best food possible.  Zack's is owned by the Demopolous Family and they know how to make their burgers.  Located at the corner of South Blvd and Scaley bark, Zack's has been doing their thing since 1975.  get the Zack's special, some onion rings, and a thick homemade milkshake, I like the vanilla and the strawberry shakes MMMMM.  Zack's is soooo Good, you have to try them.  get this, the first time I went there, I didn't have any cash, and they did not accept credit cards, so they offered to write me an IOU.  This is the first time someone has ever been nice enough to offer me such a nicety, how trusting, how kind.  I went to the nearest ATM, but I truly and wholeheartedly appreciate that jester of humanity and understanding.  That 's just the kind of place Zack's is, family oriented, and serving  the best hamburgers and sides in Charlotte. Zack's special, try it!
5	Zack's is the very definition of a neighborhood hamburger joint. Located on the corner of South Blvd and Scaleybark Rd, they have some of the best burgers in town and are a great Cheap Eats lunchtime destination. Being from Charlotte I have grown up on the Zack's Special( The Anti-Big Mac) a double patty burger topped with their own special sauce accompanied by a side order of some of the most perfect onion rings imaginable. Top it off with the Banana milkshake and your in heaven.Do yourself a favor and checkout this local landmark.
5	Wow. This, by far, was the most "pure" burger that I've ever had. It makes me think that this is really how it tasted back in the 1950's. In-N-Out comes close, but has some extra stuff that Zack's does not.I had my very first cherry milkshake in my life there. I may go back and try the banana.The onion rings were so fresh, they burned my tongue. Fortunately, I had the milk shake.Price is very reasonable. $2 for a cheeseburger. My total price for a double cheeseburger, onion rings, and milkshake after tax was $6.53.
5	I just stumbled upon Zack's recently and went there for lunch today. The burger and fries were great. My friend got an order of onion rings and they were just as good. The strawberry shake I got was fantastic as well. Great old school burger place.
4	Great hamburger and more joint. Fish is actually presty good too and the iced tea is "real" southern sweet iced tea. The fries aren't my favorite but that's a personal prefences. The aerated ice makes a coke the perfect complement with a burger! Very buy during lunch!
3	Quick and dirty -- perfect for a solo din din. Drove to Charlotte this afternoon from Atlanta for work meetings and am staying at a hotel near the airport. Eating alone on biz trips is always interesting, so I decided to peruse Yelp and see what was nearby. Lots of places came up but I was in the mood for something simple and homestyle. Zack's had some decent reviews, so I gave it a shot.This place reminds me of the old drive-in I used to frequent when I was a kid, although I was a kid in the 70s and not the 50s! I was cracking up listening to the music they had playing while I ate -- I think it was Franky Valli singing something about giving his sweater to his high school sweet-heart cause she was cold. Cheese-o-rama...and not just on the burgers!But I digress. Zack's... made to order burgers, fresh french fries and onion rings, milk shakes. I had the Zack's special -- dbl cheeseburger (burp), onion rings (substitute for fries) and a chocolate shake (yum). Daily (or weekly) cholesterol quotient -- check! The burger was good with lots of mayo, good slice of tomato and crisp lettuce. Onion rings were crispy-good (although I suspect they're of the frozen variety). It hit the spot. Thanks Charlotte Yelpers!Three stars for fast food is really 5 stars, no?PS: iPhone navigation is tough when it's dark and raining. Apologies to the cat I squashed....JOKING! =)
4	First visit I tried a cheeseburger & onion rings. Basic cheeseburger doesn't come with lettuce or tomato but was very tasty. The onion rings were overdone, dry & tasted like they had been sitting around since lunch. Second visit I tried the Zack's Special which is similar to a double double from In 'N Out. Zack's special comes with french fries which were fresh crispy & hot. I wouldn't say their onion rings are anything special as they advertise, but Zack's is an excellent choice for a tasty greasy burger n fries.
4	Cheap Cheap Cheap! and worth every penny!  This place should be a landmark, it's delicious and cheap.  Clark howard would love this place.
4	I think most cities and bigger towns have a place like this--an anachronistic throwback to days where beef wasn't "grass fed" and potatoes weren't "locally sourced." A place where food wasn't infused with "love," but instead was infused with salt. And grease. Lots and lots of grease.And lo, it was good.We've got a place like Zack's in Atlanta. No, I'm not talking the Varsity, though that would be a good guess. But I won't besmirch Zack's by comparing it to The Varsity. Instead, it reminds me of Zesto's, maker of the gut-busting Chubby Decker burger and milkshakes that will, indeed, get all the boys in the yard. Now to those not from Atlanta, please consider the comparison to Zesto's a compliment.So yes, I dug the retro vibe of the place, a vibe not manufactured but entirely earned by not changing a whit in 40 years. The food? It was fine. Honestly, it wasn't the BEST burger I've had. I mean, my first paragraph kind of said it all. But don't consider that an indictment. Sometimes a greasy old-fashioned burger is exactly what you may need. In this case, it definitely was.
4	Great burgers!!! I ate mine and half my son's! Hey waste not want not it's in the Bible. It reminded me of when my mom would make burgers and butter the buns and grill/toast them. We stumbled upon this because we were waiting on our car to get serviced and it was within walking distance.  Highly recommend for a good cheap meal!!
4	Stumbled on this place entirely by accident, and it was a good time! Tasty burger and fries (had to try the Zack's Special) for cheap. My husband had the fried chicken, which he wasn't terribly impressed with- but I guess that's what you should expect ordering chicken from a burger joint. I wouldn't say this is the best burger in Charlotte (I'll save that distinction for the Penguin), but it's still pretty darned good- and the place has a cool classic dive feel to it.Definitely worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood. I'd happily go again!
4	Great price. Old-school classic American food. I love their fresh cut home-made onion rings, with a sweet tea containing crumbled ice. Add a hamburger and we're in business!
5	The best burgers in Charlotte hands down! Seriously if you want a good old fashioned burger, go to Zack;s. The prices are unbeatable, and the food is out of this world amazing!
2	Only living down the road from Zack's Hamburgers for 6 years, I decided to try it (a few months ago). It was quaint & I LOVED the oldies playing inside the joint... I had a double patty burger. My afterthought was "Gee, it's like I just ate at McDonalds" I really didn't want to hold that against them & wanted to make another choice later... 2 months later... I had a huge craving for a Milkshake (I just had dental work) at 8:33pm I looked up their hours on YELP and said they closed at 9pm. I jumped in my car and got there at 8:35pm. The doors were locked and as the guy from behind the counter serving up milkshakes for a few folks inside, yells "WE CLOSE AT 8:30PM" Nice...so i went to Christ-fil-a for the shakesAmen:P
3	I tried Zack's out on a Friday night after work.  I can see not being open on a Sunday, but not being open on a Saturday?  If that's what you want to do more power too them.  It was a beautiful day out and I was glad they had tables outside.  Zack's is a lot like the drive ins I've been to in other cities over my lifetime.  It's kind of run down and divey, but lots of good places are.  They were pretty busy and seemed a little frazzled behind the counter.  It took me a while to order even though there was one person ahead of me in line because when I got to the counter the server got a phone order and took it instead of waiting on me.  Pet peeve of mine, deal with the customers in front of you rather than those on the phone.  There were two other servers and a manager or owner back there that could have been taking phone orders.  I ordered a Zack's special, onion rings, and large shake.  I had to try the rings because those are one of my favorites things and they can show just how good a place is.  It didn't take too long to get my food and I head outside to sit on their patio.  I started with the rings and they were great.  They looked liked they used the same batter as on their chicken.   The burger looked like it was made fresh and not a frozen patty.  It was supposed to come with lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, mayo, and special sauce.  Mine just had the lettuce, tomato and onion.  The beef was cooked well done but still juicy and not to greasy.  It was a good burger.  The fries were shoe string cut and crispy.  No complaints there.  I ordered a large shake, but it didn't seem very large.  Overall I would come back if nothing else for the onion rings.  The price is pretty reasonable too.
5	I grew up eating zacks burgers, go by every time I come to charlotte
4	Hamburger spot to visit hand made and family owned
4	If you judge Zack's by looking at its location and overall retro look you'll be missing out on a great burger joint. It's been around for long enough that it's gained that vibe of early diners that just decided to not go with modern times.As a child I came here about once a week to get "Zack's Special" though I couldn't really finish the huge portions back then. My dad and George the owner were on pretty good terms, mainly because they did some business together and George was always good to me. The food is definitely greasier but god it's so good. That special sauce on the Special is fantastic. You can't compare it to the Big Mac because it's just that much better. I don't live in Charlotte anymore but whenever I pass through I have an intense craving for Zack's.The crowd is always a nice but strange mix of people all over from Charlotte. You'll see office workers in their suits, high school kids, families, etc. Even when the place is busy your order will still be served up in a timely manner. The old-fashioned Zack's Special hasn't changed one bit over my entire life and it's definitely got that "all american" taste that you have to try at least once in your life! Skip the McDonalds and other fast food places and just come here for a burger and milkshake. You'll thank me once you've had a bite.
4	Zack's is OG in the hamburger game.  I love places like this.  Nothing special on appearance and food, but yet there is something so special about a place that has history.  The burger was good and I liked the shoestring fries.  The price is cheap as all hell.  Every once in a while a few of us at work hit this place up for lunch.  It seems to just be one of our go to spots. Don't expect a kobe patty or anything, just an old fashioned hamburger place.
3	Cool Old Place!  Reminds me of a time that if I was part of I do not remember!  The celeb photos on the glass, pretty cool.  Dirty outdoor (outside like an old Gas Station) Mens room does not bother me though it could have, though no baring on the rating for my review.  Great Service!  The place was busy and the lady answered my questions very well!I'm not rating the less than one yelp star Onion Rings because they were less than one yelp star and they also are not going to bring my review any lower!  Here it is:  The water I drank was perfect and the Hamburger was prepared exactly as I ordered it!  The Hamburger gets 3 yelp stars because it was good for the price, it was made right and it had good (not great ) flavor.  I ate the whole burger and I was hungry (breakfast at 4:00am and this lunch at 2:00 pm). In this case three yelp stars means I won't be back, only because I like other options better!
5	4.5 stars is probably the sweet spot, but fuggit, let's give them 5.Drove by this spot quite a few times getting around in Charlotte, but decided to stop by after a round of golf with some buddies.  This place is awesome.  Lemme break it down old school for you.Ambiance:  Gotta love the Elvis music playing, old posters on the walls and the general retro-style to it.  However, it's not retro-style, per se, like Johnny Rockets.  This place actually is retro bc it's been in business forever.  Came in around closing time so the owner was pretty cool.  We chatted it up about this and that, places here and there, everything and nothing.  Food:  Solid burgers, fries and onion rings.  He made a bold claim that they are the east coast In'n'Out... I can't give him quite that, but it's almost there.  The produce was fresh, the patties were cooked to perfection.  And ICE AFICIONADO ALERT* They have the crushed iced with drinks... That ice is literally the best ice ever.Price:  Dunno, didn't have to pay--I won the golf bet ;)Will definitely keep this place in mind after a round of golf or when I'm jonesing for a burger.  dmo out.
3	first off i am not a fan of this place at all. There are various places in charlotte with the same set up doing it way better. The onion rings where not what i expected greasy and lacking in flavor. My burger was sub par but i did enjoy my milkshake. Maybe it was just a bad day but it didn't win me over enough to ever come back.
4	Great burgers, great steaks! The only thing that fell short for me was the hot dog. As a northerner I tend to only like certain all beef hot dogs. But overall, I love this place! Shakes and all!
4	I love a good hamburger.  I  don't need anything super fancy--just a good burger, and I'm not that picky.  I was trying to figure out what I was in the mood to eat Friday night, no food in the house, and ALMOST walked down to Mr. K's when I realized I had never tried Zack's and someone here had given it a good review.   I love an old-school burger joint (old fashioned AND cheap) and this lived up to my expectations.  Everything was small, and I say that in a positive way.  The drinks weren't 50 ounces, the fries weren't in a bag the size of my head--everything was reasonable sized and reasonably priced.  I got a coke, a small fries, and a burger, and it was all tasty, hot, and delicious and inexpensive.  I'd definitely go back, and I'd say I prefer it to Mr. K's because Mr. K chargrills their burgers (I think) and I don't love the taste of char.  But still, either one satisfies my burger craving and I love giving them my money vs. 5 Guys or Wendy's or whatever major chain is around my neighborhood.
4	I ordered the zack's special due to one of my friends stating that it was the best burger in town. So I put my burger appetite to the challenge. And honestly, I wasn't amazed by it.. It was good, but not amazing from what people have said about this place. The atmosphere and prices were unbeatable by any means, but the burger was just okay. It was tasty and juicy, however not as big as I thought it was going to be. Note* I would come here if not for the location and how far it is from my house for a burger.Other than that, it was pretty good. Sort of self service after you get your food, acted just like an old fast food joint.
4	Zack's Hamburgers is a great place.  Their special hamburger has two patties, special sauce(thousand island style), iceberg lettuce, American Cheese, pickles, and onions on a sesame seed bun...sound familiar?  If you live in Charlotte you definitely need to check this place out.  This is what I would imagine McDonald's to be like when it first opened.
4	The last time my dad was here, he raved about this place. He said it was definitely a must try! Well, I finally was able to give this place a shot and I must admit, my dad totally got it right. This place was super cheap and delicious. The place was packed, always a good sign durning lunch time! They prices are super cheap and they have daily specials. I went for a hotdog, order of onion rings and a chocolate milkshake. The hot dog came covered with mustard, onions and their own chili. They serve it with ketchup too, but I don't believe in ruining a hotdog with ketchup...save it for the onion rings! But I digress, it was great. The toppings didn't overwhelm the bread or the hotdog and the flavors were just like they should have been. Classic. Yum! The onion rings were freshly cut and hand breaded...Whoa...They were freaking delicious. Crispy, well battered and very tasty. A definite must try if you go. Seriously! The milkshake was just okay. It wasn't thick and creamy and I really could have used more chocolate flavor. But considering that they have crushed ice...I just know next time to get a soda instead. Overall, I really enjoyed this local joint. Major cool points to my dad for insisting I give Zack's a try!
4	Zack's saved the day when the place I intended to visit was closed. I saw the sign and pulled right in. The place easily has one of the best hot dogs in town in my opinion. I saw someone with a ribeye steak sandwich. I'll be having that next time.
4	It doesn't look like much from the outside; in fact, Zack's looks like it's in need of a facelift, but don't let that deter you. Zack's makes some of the best burgers in town. Quick, relatively inexpensive, and absolutely delicious. Try the Zack's Special; basically it's what a Big Mac should taste like, if McDonald's were actually in the business of making real burgers. And it's probably cheaper than a Big Mac, too. Zack's is no-frills. No fancy menus, no fancy sauces, just good old-fashioned burgers and hot dogs and fries done right. There's also fried chicken and ribeye sandwiches to be had; I might have to sample them the next few times I go back to Zacks's. In short, Zack's is an institution, and rightly so. You don't stay in business this long by making bad burgers.
4	Taking into consideration that I am actually one of the twelve people left that are from Charlotte and I still live here, I am officially ashamed that I never tried Zack's before yesterday... The Zack's special was stupendous, guys... I ordered mine without mayo because that's how I get down, but there was still a great amount of toppings mixed all in with the two beef patties and cheese: tomatoes, pickles, onion, lettuce and secret sauce (which tastes quite a bit like thousand island dressing, so I think the secret is out)... I was really glad there wasn't any extra sauce because that sucker was already falling apart toward the end... In a good way, though... The bun was nice and toasty and wasn't bland, but didn't work too hard to prove itself by overpowering the other flavors...The onion rings were pretty good... I'd liken them to Mr. K's down the block... Not too thick, not too thin... Decent batter, but not the cajun kind that comes on most onion straws... A basic, but tasty fried coating... I even took this to go because I was heading home and everything traveled quite well... The food must have been practically on fire when they brought it out because it was still nice and hot by the time I arrived and got settled to eat... I didn't even have to do a quick microwave refresh!  I'm kind of afraid to take the boyfriend here... I doubt he'll want to go anywhere else for a while... But I just have to be the one to introduce this to someone new and I think he's the only one left that hasn't tried it...
4	Zacks is a wonderful throwback to days before folks  worried about cholesterol...  Great cheeseburgers and onion rings...
4	Stopped in today for their Rib Eye Steak Sandwich and Onion rings.....DELISH......Ready for a NAP......
5	Perfect hamburger joint. Absolutely.
4	There's nothing flashy, trendy, or even remarkable about Zack's. They don't throw any fancy slogans out or use some sort of dated jargon to describe their outfit. It's just burgers, fries, rings, shakes, and the best crushed ice in all of the Earth's history. The Zack's Special -- Double cheeseburger, lettuce, tomato, mayo, pickles, mustard, easy like a Sunday morning bun. It's like the king of all lunchroom burgers. Nothing that's going to blow you away, but familiar like an old friend. Just right. Fries are nothing to shake a stick at. Onion rings, however? Sheer greatness. Also, for the price of $10 for two, you can't really be upset. I'm glad that Zack's is around and has been doing the same thing for so long. Don't change a thing, fellas.
4	I went to Zack's Hamburgers for the first time, surprisingly since I am a Charlotte native, for lunch today. I got the Zack's Special which is a double cheeseburger with all the fixin's and their special sauce with a side of fries and a sweet tea. Before taking a bite I had to indulge in the crushed ice that we all dream about in the tea. Man that stuff is good.The burger was delicious but not because it was anything fancy. It was more a burger that reminded me of my childhood. It was one of those things that just puts a smile on your face with every bite until the very last. The fries were perfectly salted and simple. No ketchup needed. I did see some chili cheese fries that I may have to try out next time. Service was great and she recommended the Zack's. I had to get a refill of tea and some more crushed ice and they were attentive to me even with a long line. Overall, great experience. Just remember to get there about 11:30 or after 1 for lunch to prevent waiting in a long line.
4	Can't believe how many times I've driven right by this place. Finally stopped in with my wife for lunch last week. What a cool little burger joint! I got the Zack's burger! Double patties, cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion & special sauce (thousands island) with a side of onion rings. The burger hit the spot. The onion rings were fantastic. Crispy and light. Very affordable too.  For lunch, this place was packed but we still got our food in under 10 minutes. Yes, I'm a fan!!
5	Zacks - good ole fashioned hamburgers. You cant beat the burgers here... as well as the prices. Good family run place that cares about the service/product they give. I always order the cheeseburger and fries, BF gets the zacks special w/o-rings. We order lunch from here a lot - they get BUSY during the day so I suggest calling in, even if you want to eat there. Went for dinner recently for the first time and was surprised how busy they were during the evening (not like lunch thou!) and turned one of my friends onto Zack's. Every time I eat here I think about when I am going to go back.
4	Places like Zach's are few and far between, so it's nice to stumble upon a gem like this from time to time.  They have decent, inexpensive burgers and some awesome onion rings.  When you walk in the door, you definitely notice that it's an old-fashioned burger stand.  It has a few booths around and some bar stools lined around the edges.  I went there around lunch time, and the food was quick and fresh.  The burger itself was relatively small, like the size of a burger from a fast food restaurant.  However, the patty was much more flavorful.  The onion rings here are great as well.  The batter on them is light, crunchy, and perfectly seasoned.They offer more than just burgers here, so it's nice if you want something like fried chicken, fish, hot dogs, or barbecue.  You can also get a milkshake to drink if the mood strikes.  Prices are a little higher than some place like McDonald's, but the food is so much better.When I was here, it was very clean and the woman taking my order was polite and efficient.  I waited a little more than five minutes, but all my food was piping hot.  The best part was that it was under $6 for a cheeseburger and onion rings.The only problem I really see is that they are only open Monday through Friday.  So, just make sure it's a weekday before you try to venture out to this place.
4	Tastes and looks like the good ole days. I ordered the Zack Special (double cheeseburger) and onion rings. Delicious and at a good price. It felt going to the 1960's to eat. Totally worth it.
3	Simple burgers and hotdogs. I'd come back if i'm in the area.
4	It's not fancy. Actually kind of gives me flashbacks of an old burger place I used to go to as a little kid back in Nebraska. Put a big smile on my face when I walked inside Zack's.My order: cheeseburger, chili dog and onion rings. Hey, I'm getting my wisdom teeth out in the AM and I am in the middle of a 30 day challenge at my gym. Trust me, I deserved all of that. And yes, I did eat it all.The onion rings... oh dear God. Tremendous. The burger was okay. The chili dog was great. I really liked the flavor of the chili. Dirt cheap. I think I spent around seven bucks.I waited all of about five minutes for my food. The super sweet woman at the counter wished me luck on my wisdom teeth.My one regret is that as I was walking out I noticed a couple sitting outside with drinks. I did not realize they have the good ice! You know what I'm talking about... the crushed up kind. It should be mandatory for all restaurants to have the good ice.Thank you Zach's for a tremendous last meal before I go to the dentist. There's a reason the place is always packed. Keep doing what you're doing!
5	My favorite since i was a kid! Zacks special is where its at! Mcdonalds stole their secret sauce!
5	I just went there for the second time because the burgers were so darn good and cheap! My card wasn't swiping because it was scratched and I only had $6 on me so they took the cash and the manager told me I had 200 hours to come and pay the other $6. Obviously he was kidding. He even asked me if I wanted to keep the cash for gas or something. So sweet! I will be coming here even more now! First, to pay back my debt, and then for another burger!  These folks are good people.
4	Great food and even better prices. Can't go wrong with the Zack's special or the Grilled Ham and Cheese. Yum!!
5	I'm always relieved to find that Zack's is still there!  and when we get to Charlotte (from Florida) it's always one of our first "stops".  Love it - from the time we lived "just around the corner" (Reynolds/Scaleybark, Annlin, Applegate) to these days from what-- 700 miles or more away!  wish Zack's was HERE.   Burger, Fish/Trout special, steak sandwich, onion rings, fries, slaw - it's allllll good!
5	Great fried chicken if you get it while it is hot.
4	I had high high hopes after reading all the reviews for this place.  I have to say it was worth it.  For around $5 you can get a double cheeseburger with tomato, onion, pickle, mayo, lettuce and fries.  Delicious. I went for lunch and read a previous tip to get there early and that was definitely true.  By 11:45 there was a line at the counter and shortage of booths.  Go early and check out this Charlotte institution.
5	It's not a fancy joint but it's a 5 star establishment in its respective class of restaurants. The actual setting is cool and it's neat how old the place is. It feels like you're in the 1950s. The pictures inside are fun to look at and it's clear that Zacks has been a dedicated member of the Charlotte community. The prices are unbeatable! The milkshakes rock! The burgers and fries are the same price as McDonalds but taste WAY better!! Go to Zacks for a cheap unhealthy satisfying meal!
4	Cheap Tasty Burgers is the name of the game here.  It looks like a old Burger joint from the 70's and still feels like it.I'll make your ordering decision for you. "Walk up get their special."  There done.  If you came here for a burger, you'll be happy.There fish and chips looked real good too, I'll be back to try them soon.
5	Made to Order Great Hamburger & FF, Fast Service and reasonable priced.Outdoor Patio Seating.This place is right out of the 60's, I felt like Time Stood Still !
4	On a crisp spring day, there is nothing quite like a Zack's special with sweet tea. They are so old school they make old school look new. Even their sign is in bad need of repair. While I'm not typically someone who cares about such things, it's really pretty bad, with peeling paint and such that takes away from the vintage vibe. But if they would at least scrape the paint off, it would be fine. A decent refurb would be even better. Now I'm sounding like a hipster or something, so I'll quit.If you should happen to find your way to Zack's - not easy, because they are somewhat hidden off of South Boulevard, despite the address - consider yourself lucky. Along with Mr. K's and South 21 (the original, not the later versions), these are the places to stop. A quick minute later and you have a thing of beauty.The Zack's special - two patties, cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickle and special sauce (thousand island spread thin so you can hardly taste it) on a nice bun, along with some tasty fries that only need a touch of salt works great for lunch. There are also things like fresh chicken tenders and milkshakes, but why mess with such near perfection? Oh, and if you get a soft drink or ice tea?Pellet Ice.
4	This place has been a staple in Charlotte since the 70s. Tucked away behind the gas station on the corner of Scaleybark and Woodlawn, they serve some of the best simple burgers, hot dogs and shakes in the city.As I have seen more and more gourmet burger places open, it is often good just to be able to get a simple grilled burger with the fixin's. Zack's is family owned and operated and serves good food and good value.My personal favorite is the Zack's Special which comes time a double patty burger with Zack's special sauce and fries. I usually add a milkshake and find myself still under $10. My friend is big fan of their hot dog special and last time there I ran into a guy who has neeer felt a reason to veer away from the Rib Eye Steak Sandwich.You can also find fried fish, onion rings, chicken tenders and a host of other things would expect to find at this classic burger joint.Next time you are craving a burger and don't feel like paying $12 or swinging by McDonalds, give this place shot.
5	Have been eating here since 1979. Greek family owned. Started wit the Zack's special and hot dogs all the way. Other great choice are Fried chicken and hamburger steak dinner. A Charlotte institution, you will not be disappointed.
5	My favorite burger joint in Charlotte. Made to order burgers, freshly made onion rings, great french fries and ice cream shakes.
1	I got the Zack's special and it was so greasy I couldn't finish and felt sick afterwards. Heart attack and diabetes on a plate..
5	First timers here but we'll be back! Great little burger stand I didn't even know existed until today. I had a burger and some chili cheese fries. Burger was flavorful and fresh and cheese on the fries was that yummy kind you find on your nachos at a ballpark. The double cheeseburger was juicy, had a soft bun and not too big to fit in your mouth ;) Next I'll try the milkshakes. Best part is the classic oldies playing.
5	Ahhhh Zack's. I wish I could eat here more often without gaining an extra hamburger (or 3) weight. So glad they've taken credit cards, as before it was cash only. I usually only get the hamburgers, which are pretty darn good. The place is the size of my thumb, but that doesn't take away from how good and "dinerish" the food is. The milkshakes, fries and onion rings are delish. The staff reminds me of diners back home- a strange assortment that works! And the best part? The prices! A lot of food for a super deal of a price.
5	Used to come here all the time but moved was such a treat to come back and have a chance to enjoy it again. Onion rings are out of this world.
4	I love this place.Trout sandwich is awesome. Quick service. A small amount of outdoor seating.
5	Made my Friday and soon to be most lunch days.   Best burger I've had in quite some time.   A lost gem in Charlotte. This place is an instant classic from the layout to the menu.   They've mastered the art of doing something well vs an overloaded menu.   If you want an awesome burger that hits every spot,  hit this spot.
5	Place has been here since 1975 and is still one of the best in town. Service is great, food is great. My favorite is the rib-eye steak sandwich.
5	This is a neighborhood staple. Exceptional food, cheap eats, and fast friendly service. Don't expect a lavish burger, but this is a go to burger joint.
5	Fantastic little diner! Amazing retro, original, atmosphere, great food, and kind staff! All the food is great, big menu but not too many options, just right! My first time here and I'll definitely be coming back soon!
4	I  Zacks!I love love the Zacks special. I have been eating here for over7 years. Not much has changed thats why that got a 4  from me. I wish the owner would consider a small remodel even if its fresh paint and revamp the tables and seating area. Its a classic diner i get it. But come into something a bitt neater, the diner deserves it and so do the patrons. Food is great, staff is friendly and have been working there a long time. Keep up the great work!!!
4	Our family loves this place. Super clean, really good food (especially the burgers) and totally kid friendly. They are so nice here and love the neighborhood charm. It's like the bar that always knows your name and when if they don't, they make you feel so welcomed. Check out this local place. Really good food!
