4	I went a couple weeks ago and I'm really excited about the Gilbert Farmer's Market expanding! I bought some delicious Kalamata Olive Hummus and some Fire Roasted salsa! I'm anxious to start buying more fruits and veggies from them in the future!
3	I love the fact that we have a farmer's market in Gilbert now, but unfortunately it's still very small...  There are only 2 vendors that sell veggies which I guess is the biggest surprise and disappointment, but I do love that the various other types of vendors seem to be growing.  Looking forward to seeing the market expand over time.
3	Went last weekend and was hoping for a little bit more. Maybe as the season continues, there will be more food products to choose from. I will continue to go and will bring my dog the next time. I encourage Gilbert residents to support this and help it grow into a big success we can all enjoy.
3	Lovely farmer's market with enough offerings to make it worth while. I was pleasantly surprised to find that they actually had some produce from local growers in addition to all the usual craft and indie products you find at all the local farmer's markets.
4	We drove 45 minutes from the West Valley to buy "Dill Pickle Popcorn" from Bubba Corn. I fell in love with that stuff at the Yelp Science Center event. It was 4th of July weekend and so stinking hot outside. I'm not sure if the market is usually as tiny, or if vendors were out of town... or hiding indoors somewhere.We bought yellow tomatoes and sweet corn that were amazing! I'd eat the tomatoes like apples, but with a dash of salt. (Yum! Now I'm craving them.)I can't wait to go again once it cools down, so it will be more enjoyable.
3	This is a small farmer's market. The variety is minimal. The atmosphere is very friendly though. It is fun for the kids, but if you want to actually shop, not too good.
5	The market rocks. I go here almost every weekend for fresh produce to cook during the week. They are adding more every week. Love the specialty cooking salts. The hummus is great and the pita chips even better. My only knock is whoever runs the facebook page sends WWAAAAYYYYY too many posts. I'm borderline ready to hide them on FB.
5	It's a great lil farmers market. I've really seen it grow over the last year or so since it's inception. Every time I go I keep seeing more and more vendors. I always walk over from my neighborhood with my dog and wonder around. I really wish they would get more farmer vendors but I do support the ones that do show up. I used to do the bountiful baskets every once in a while but this place takes care of my fresh produce. They also have other great food there, I've gotten this jalapeno popcorn, tamales, food from the Superfarm Food Truck, some hummus, pita chips, fancy cheese. So they do really have a lot. The place is just set up perfect for a Saturday market, they utilize the covered parking as roofs so it provides shade in the hot summer months. Plus the parking lot has a lot of shade trees. The people who put this on also have done a good job of bringing some local musical artists so I usually hear someone singing. The last time I went I also seen a horse drawn cart for the kids to ride. It's an excellent addition to Downtown Gilbert and I hope to see it continue to grow. Pro Tip: Park your car, go grab breakfast, then walk over to the market and buy some things. Or park your car, grab some things from the market, then have lunch downtown (Joe's BBQ anyone??). Makes for a wonderful morning.
4	Been to this Farmers Market now a few times and I seem to like it better than the one in the 'Tuke - it seems more open and I don't hear pushy vendors trying to sell me stuff when I'm walking by, obviously in a hurry (I like to take a list and get in and get out sometimes).  But, I totally understand that they are small businesses just trying to grow.. so I do stop by and support.. I really like the Double Check Ranch products - great grass-fed beef and their whole chicken is great tasting.  I also like Desert Roots (now my CSA) for their produce.  I like the location of this market and they have a nice variety of things to buy.
5	Love this market!  Every weekend it seems to grow bigger and better.  Great location, parking, variety of vendors and fun for the kids too.  For them, there is an intimate and very fun petting zoo (only the first and last Saturdays of the month - $2 for kids and free for the supervising parents - bring your camera!).  My daughter delighted in holding 4-day-old goat recently, along with small pigs, exotic chickens, young kittens, and a dwarf rabbit.  Also on the grounds there are well-behaved greyhounds to pet for free, fantastically skilled face painters, healthy food and snacks, and fresh air.  An ideal Saturday morning family adventure!
5	I love this farmers market.  Sure it is smaller then some of the other markets but everyone is very friendly and they are ever growing.  It is the best one in the SE valley for sure.  Thanks to vendors such as Desert Root Farms, One Mill Farms, and Rhiba Farms (wheat grass specialists) it is a must for my eating and juicing needs.Thank you to the operators of GFM, Jessa and Dan, for a great job in keeping it friendly and to a high standard.
4	Great market for local produce, meat, and vegetable starts for the garden. It's nice to have a weekend farmer's market closer than Ahwatukee.
5	Ahhh.... The Gilbert Farmer's Market!This is a weekly stop for me. I'm still shocked at how much better locally grown produce is! I'm definitely a convert from the big box produce sections! The GFM's use of social media really gets the word out and the market has grown because of it! Kudos go out to the Gilbert Farmer's Market's organizers!Green beans & brussel sprouts are MUST gets when in season! Large loaves of bread along with some aged smokey cheddar cheese are the beginnings of one of the most amazing paninis you'll ever eat!Seriously, if you're in Gilbert on Saturday mornings, hit up the GFM! While you're there, have some breakfast from one of the gourmet food trucks that attend! Their food is ridiculous!!
5	I love the GFM! They have some of the best vendors! The vendors there are not pushy and many offer samples. I haven't been here in the fall months, but I've heard there are many more  vendors than the summer. The location has great parking, is nice and open, and next to a little sitting/play area for kids. It is my Saturday morning ritual to head there!
4	This place is not much to look at first but there are some highlights. Veggies are pretty good, some fresh baked breads, great selection of salts, and some different vendor everytime. Not the biggest but pretty good for AZ. Bring cash!
5	I just started coming to GFM during the summer and expected it to be dead and I was pleasantly surprised to see it packed with people. All the venders are great and offer terrific products. Come out and SUPPORT LOCAL!! Maybe I will see you there : )
5	I've been going to the market since it started, almost 2 years ago.  I love the way the market has grown.  There is something for most everyone, it seems.    During the summer it is hot (duh) but everyone from the vendors, to the customers to those running the show (you know who you are) are so friendly and there is water and shade everywhere you don't seem to mind (too much).    With the market being right downtown, it's nice to take my wheelie cooler, get my veggies for the week and walk on over to either Postino's or Liberty Market and grab breakfast.  I haven't tried the food trucks yet but I think that once the cooler weather hits I'll grab breakfast there and sit a while and enjoy the music while I watch the rest of the shoppers.Remember to bring cash ~ some vendors do have credit machines but it doesn't hurt to have it anyway and bring your own reusable bags.
3	This is actually a very small market.  There was really only one booth selling produce.  Other booths sold salsa, goat cheese (fresh from their farm), fresh bread (from a Greek bakery), olive oil, and some other stuff.The bread was really good (we bought some), and we also bought some goat cheese.  I suspect we'll return for both in the future.  But for produce you can get more variety at some other markets.  If you just want to enjoy downtown Gilbert, this is fine.We did discover a new eatery in Mesa...one of the chefs was shopping here.  Look for my review of that place in the coming weeks.  We don't get into Mesa very often, but I am intrigued so I will make a point of it.
3	This is a nice market.  Some interesting items for sale, plus a bit of produce.  I wouldn't drive long distances to come here, but it's not too far.  It's not as large as the downtown Phoenix market, and there's less stuff.  But good stuff.I expect we'll keep coming here.
5	My favorite Market ever - the location is perfect, right behind Gilbert's mainstreet. There is PLENTY of parking (which is great) in a large lot just across the street. The perfect Gilbert Saturday is a stop in to Liberty Market for breakfast, then walk over to the Gilbert Farmer's Market, with a quick stop off at the water fountains beneath the water tower to appease my little one :) The setup is ingenious - it is in a large parking lot that has coverings that are used as shade for the booths. The slightly modern look to the shades keeps them visually unobtrusive. The Gilbert Farmer's Market has a really nice selection of vendors - several places for produce (the best part of a farmer's market) We usually shop at One Windmill Farm for veggies for the family (especially perfect for baby food for my son) Also the Farm at Agritopia, Bravo Farm, Desert Roots Farm - all awesome. I'd been buying produce at Whole Foods for so long and I cannot believe how much less expensive it is to shop at the Market. Plus I feel great supporting local business and eating food that is grown nearby that tastes great.In addition to the farmers, there are several bakers, lots of artisanal food items (salts, salsas, pastries, hummus, falafel) - I love the Pineapple Pepper Jelly from Grandma's Kitchen. Also, some arts and craftsy stuff (probably my least favorite part), and OH! meat... Doublecheck Ranch offers free range grass fed beef, chickens, etc and they have a fish vendor as well that sells Salmon, Crab, Sole, etc. There is often a small petting zoo put on which my son loves - there are usually a bunny, a pig, goats, chickens... and they're all really SOFT and super tame. Most, if not all of the vendors accept credit cards, which is nice because I always have anxiety about not having enough cash on me when I go to things like this.So, I definitely recommend it and think that everyone should support local agriculture as much as possible, its totally worth it :)
5	Stopped here for the first time last weekend after following GFM on Facebook/Twitter for a while, and am now adding it to my dedicated calendar of things to do on the weekend.  I'll definitely have to practice getting up earlier, but this farmer's market is worth it.  I was really pleasantly surprised that there were so many different vendors - enough that I could plan my whole week out without getting bored of the selection!  Fruits and vegetables, beef and chicken, pasta and sauces, salsas, bread and cheese, soaps, jewelry and kid stuff.  And all of it grown, produced, and sold locally!My only problem was that while 9 out of 10 vendors take cards, I never carry cash on me and I couldn't find an ATM anywhere nearby, and thus I had to woefully miss out on a few of the great items offered.  I'll make it a point to bring cash next time, but I honestly didn't expect to be going home with items from almost every vendor!  I think my favorite thing about visiting this market is that I now am aware of even more local businesses and families that I can support with my purchasing needs - even outside of the market!  Yay local!
5	For being a vendor at Gilbert Farmers Market, it is my favorite market to work at. It is the best environments to be in with other vendors being so friendly and the customers being so awesome with their support!
5	Love the Gilbert farmers market. LOVE IT!!We stumbled upon it during our 45 minute wait for The Farmhouse while on vacation last year. There were so many vendors and everything looked so good. When we moved here late last year, I was happy we got a place so close.Pros:Great produce at multiple stands.Tons of samples.Entertaining for the kids.I always leave with something I didn't intend to buy.Cons:I wish it ran later than noon.
4	The Gilbert Farmer's Market has been great!The market is right in Downtown Gilbert which makes it a great place to go to after breakfast and Liberty Market.  We've always had a great experience with the vendors and really like visiting One Windmill Farms while we are there (they seem to have the largest selection of fresh veggies available).The market is outdoors which can get pretty hot in the summertime (but is absolutely perfect any other time of the year) but since it is in a parking lot with covered parking, all of the vendors are in the shade and you don't need to stand in the sun the whole time.Lots of vendors are available there and (thankfully) very few are art vendors - most are selling food (which is why I go in the first place).  There are groups selling bread, ready to boil pasta, jellies and jams (my favorite is the pineapple jalapeno), plenty of fresh vegetables, fish, and beef.There are usually one or two food truck in the area and some live music.  I would really like to see more food trucks in the future, but I love a good food truck gathering.Most of the vendors take credit cards through their square readers on their phones which is convenient.
5	Love this market. We go every Saturday morning for veggies and fruit and whatever else strikes our fancy. Every other Saturday they expand the market to include arts and crafts - there is some really cool stuff.
5	I'm so happy we have a Farmer's market in Gilbert so can you imagine my joy when the Farmer's Market comes all the way out here to Power Ranch every Wednesday?? Huge joy, huge. Every Wednesday they set up shop in the 'Barn' and we have multiple local vendors to buy goodies from. Some of my favorites: Seize the Fork's natural green energy bars and powders; Moments of Joy's Red Velvet Whoopie Pies (OMG!); Bergie's Coffees Sumatra by the cup and beans; Made by Bees honey and the outrageous Aunt Ninny's Cookies HUGE! I've picked up some wicked salsa but I can't remember from which vendor. And the main reason I go: Agritopia brings us all of the fresh fruits and veggies they have available! I get all my salad greens: spinach, baby mixes and arugula. I've also picked up radishes, colorful carrots, green onions, chard, cauliflower, and they have beets. I don't do beets. They typically have two food trucks! Gourmet Command center has awesome pulled pork tacos, Uprooted Kitchen makes amazing vegan/vegetarian food. Lobster Lady has great lobster sandwiches (butter!) someday we will get the mac n cheese. I can't wait for Liberty's biscuit to make it back. Last time they sold out!I'm so thankful they come out to Power Ranch - we are so lucky!
5	I first went to the Market when they were beginning, and could definitely see potential. That was when it was two little rows of vendors. I just went this past Saturday and WOW- it has grown so much in two years! Tons of vendors, food trucks, music. It's more like a food festival with a farmers market included. It's the best farmer's market I've been to in a long time- and I don't say that lightly. I didn't expect to be wowed the way I was. If I could get my butt out of bed early enough and get moving I'd be there every Saturday! However, they also have the Power Ranch one on Wednesday evenings, so I guess I could check that out too. ;)
5	The Gilbert farmers market is a great place to spend Saturday morning with the family.  We love supporting the local farmers and definitely appreciate knowing where our food is coming from!  Not only can you find homemade salsas, bread, oils, etc, but there is also a local nursery that offers fruit and vegetable plants suited for our harsh climate.  My heirloom tomatoes are looking great- we can't wait until they're ready to eat!
4	3rd time here... Arrive early for better quality if produce! :)
5	Looking for fresh, affordable produce? You'll find that, and so much more here.  Local farmers and vendors congregate here weekly to enrich the local community with their goodies. A great place to see neighbors and friends.  Support local farmers!
4	So I've lived in Gilbert for a year, and just managed to discover the farmer's market a few weeks ago.  Now I really feel like I was missing out on what could be a Saturday morning tradition.  Much better than I expected it to be and fun being able to buy from local vendors.  My favorite purchase was a Cabernet Cheddar Cheese.  Oh my YUM!  I wish I could remember who the vendor was.... either way I will be back for sure!
4	Love that I have a farmer's market this close to home. AND that they bring cheese made close to prior home!! (Bay Area)I buy these cute little soaps with herbs and grains in them that look way too fancy sitting in my whale mouth soap dish. They make me happy. The produce can't be beat. About the same price as a Whole Foods or Sprouts, but you know. Fresh-er. I ran into a booth last time selling infused waters in mason jars and mistook it for Santa's sleigh. So glad I found them!My son loves the flavored popcorn booth. This is one great little gem!
4	Every time I go here I break my budget, but I love supporting local companies as well as the organic and all-natural products you pick up at Farmers Markets. I'm also thankful for most of the vendors using the new iphone payment system so I don't have to carry cash around (which is why I always break my budget!!). My favorite vendors are One Windmill Farms, and Harvest Bread Co. The Uprooted Kitchen food truck is on hand most days which serves all organic breakfast food. They're even open 7a - 11a during the summer!
5	Love the GFM!  There is always a great selection of products from produce to dog food to peanut butter to spices. I need to go earlier to get a chance to eat at Uprooted before everything is sold out.I would definitely come more often if it wasn't so far away from me though.
5	I've been coming to this farmers market on Saturday mornings for a while now, and have been happy to see it grow and thrive. I'm not much of a morning person and am a total wuss in the heat, so even though the Farmers market is open all summer (from 7 am - 11 am), I rarely visit. The rest of the year, though, it's a fantastic place to go to get some produce, bread, cheese, beef, and much more. Urban Survival makes the best pickles and Dr. Hummus has a delicious selection of hummus and tapenade. It's still a relatively small market, but you can definitely get the essentials, grab some breakfast/lunch at one of the food trucks, listen to some live music, and enjoy the sense of community. GFM also has a Wednesday night market that has recently moved to Agritopia. I have yet to check that out, but will have to update once I do.
3	Headed to downtown Gilbert this morning for my first visit to the Gilbert "Farmers market." I had my 13 year old son with me and he was excited to check stuff out and immediately spotted the food trucks so was really looking forward to tasting some yummy new stuff. Overall it was a nice 30 minute stroll but it should be called a street fair rather than a farmers market (in my opinion) as there were 2 stalls selling produce mostly peppers and okra some pumpkins and squash and a few tiny carrots. ..that was it as far as actual take with you produce. There was 1 booth for a co-op produce delivery situation and everything else was vendors of products like homemade soaps, spices, organic mixes, a few bread booths, a jerky booth and some info on getting grain fed meat...and then a couple of food trucks. ..of which several were sold out of almost everything and were were there at 9am meaning the market still had 2 hrs to go which was lame--It was ok to check out once I did buy a really tasty gluten free pancake mix -that was a plus is that most booths had samples of everything. Prices were on the high side for stuff- for example a mini personal size mason jar of cheese cake was $6, soaps were like $12-15 for a bar etc....I want to support local and homemade stuff but it was just a bit too high in my opinion for most of it. The spices though looked to be a really good deal, I will prob head back after I can clean out my pantry and get rid of some of the older stuff I have and get fresh organic spices but that was prob my only draw to return. *Note this was a Saturday of labor Day weekend- and I overheard many vendors remarking about how "slow" it was and how they all had anticipated a much high attendance that morning due to the holiday. *obviously the food trucks had not over planned for a busier weekend though.
5	Awhile back when the Gilbert Farmers Market was first starting I checked it out. It was small but good.  This time when I came back I was amazed with how large it had become and how much stuff there was. I didn't really have time to walk around this time because I had to get to work.  I pretty much grabbed my Luncharita from the Luncha Libre truck and ran.It's a great outing for families and pets!
3	Coming from Oregon, this market is super small and underwhelming.  My husband and I went last weekend and it took all of five minutes to see the whole thing (and that was with all but a few spots filled). A plus for effort, but I don't plan on going again.
5	Gilbert Farmers' Market has grown by leaps and bounds since I first found it a year and a half or so ago. They're mindful about keeping produce vendors who grow organic, non-GMO produce. And they have other vendors that provide quality products too. If you get there, be sure to try Aunt Ninny's cookies...yum! Oh and the cheesecake lady...another yum! And the hot sauce guy makes great sauce. The tea lady is awesome too...great cold tea brewer. My Jack Russell Terrier and I go most every Saturday morning.
4	Cute little farmers market, since it was only about a 10 min drive from our house we decided to check out the local produce.  Seemed like we were late because most of the veggies that we wanted to buy were gone.  We ended up getting this really yummy scorpian pepper compound butter, we use it in a lot of our dishes now.  It's pretty pricey but its always like that at farmers markets, paying for the freshness and quality.  We also tried some homemade spagetti sauce, also very good.  I'm not sure if the venues change.  We will be back once we finish up our compound butter, that it self is worth a trip!
5	Great place to bring the whole family. We frequent it often to pick up fresh produce as well as get honey sticks for the kids and a face painting. Everyone is incredibly friendly and there is always something new and tasty to try!
5	Love this market. Couldn't do without it! I can do almost all of my shopping (if they would get a vendor with milk). Seize the Fork has the most amazing bars, vegan organic raw. Aunt Ninny's cookies are the best I've ever had. Iss' s magic mixes has the most delicious vegan oatmeal.
3	I love, love, LOVE this particular farmer's market, but I have had some less than desirable luck with the vendors here. I absolutely refuse to give any vendors bad names unless their product is bad, so I will not mention any names here. My biggest beef is that there are vendors on their phones gabbing or texting away while potential buyers briefly stop to look, and (at least for me) are put off by the gabbing or texting, and continue to walk on by. Another issue I have noticed is that if I am approaching a vendors area, wouldn't I expect a vendor to sort of take initiative and talk about their product, possibly convincing me to try a sample or make a sale? Unfortunately, I had two vendors do both of these things to me this morning. I approached one vendor, and reviewed their menu, and sort of waited for them to start talking, even looked at them a couple times. Nothing. Crickets chirped. Then, a couple approached the same vendor, and proceeded to carry on a conversation about their product. I attempted to ask a question to one vendor, they answered they didn't know (how do you not know if your own product has nuts in it or not??) and went back to talking to the other customers. At that point, I had had enough and walked out of the farmer's market altogether.Please know this is not the norm with most of the vendors there. Most of them know their product, and will talk to you. I believe though that these two just had their "ideal customers" to which they wanted to sell to, which is unfortunate.Those two will not keep me from going to this farmer's market, just from buying their product.
2	I went to Gilbert Farmers Market for the first time this morning, because so many people have been raving about it. I've been trying to find some good produce that is pesticide free, so a farmer's market seemed the best bet. When I arrived I realized that this was not at all what I thought it was going to be. There were hardly any produce vendors. Like maybe 20% were selling produce, the other 80% were selling products or hot food. I was so disappointed. I drove 30 minutes for such a waste of time and effort. If you want to call yourself a FARMER'S market, you should maybe have more actual farmers there. I'm sure this is a great place to shop if you want a few specialty items, but not if you want to find fresh produce. Now, I understand that product vendors are great to have at farmer's markets, and I typically like to buy the specialty items, but when you have basically no produce and all specialty items, I feel like you should no longer be able to market yourself as a farmer's market. To top it all off, one of the produce vendors didn't actually sell individual produce, but was a co-op where you had to sign up for weekly deliveries and couldn't pick out your own produce. So basically it cut down the produce vendors even more. Such a disappointment.
5	I started going to this farmers market at the beginning and it is amazing to see how much they have grown over the years.  They have a commitment to bringing quality vendors to the community and some have turned over if they are not up to par which I can appreciate.  My favorites are the vegan food truck Uprooted Kitchen which is run by the most adorable couple you will ever meet.  You can get your weekly produce, some specific items like pepper jelly, oatmeal, peanut butter, and finish off the day with a breakfast burrito.  Everyone I bring to this market walks away with something and says that they will be back.
3	It's a nice farmer's market. It's a bit small. Only a few vendors with produce. I love Agritopia's purslane, dates, and honey. Made by Bees is also a highlight. Seize the fork has excellent granola bars. Overall it can't compare to a farmer's market that's not in a desert, but it's a good try.
1	I can't understand how this place can receive more than one star.  It is not a "farmers'market" it's a vendor's market.  Good luck finding any fresh produce or anything "farm". What you can find is $7.00/loaf bread or $15/bag granola.  I bought some "homemade" eucalyptus soap (one of the less expensive items) and the whole bar disintegrated after the first time I used it. If you want real, straight from a garden food,  check out the guy by the side of the road.
5	Love this market. Lots of healthy options and fun for the whole family! Go early to avoid the hot summer mornings.
3	I was really excited to see this market. And I did last weekend on Saturday. I totally expected more fresh produce:  vegetable and fruit. Got some tomatoes, egg plants, cucumbers, peppers, fresh basil. I think there were not more than 4 stands/vendors  that offered fresh produce. Pretty sad. But everyone was nice and atmosphere inviting. Got the strawberry butter which is delicious and so healthy! Instead of using sugar to sweeten it they use apples. Yummy! I also got some Tempe made hummus. I wanted to get the pitta chips they sell but they were deep fried which really defeats the purpose:(. Prices not too high. I don't know if I will go back as there are not too many fresh produce options.
5	This is the best farmer's market I've found in all of AZ. They have a huge selection of vendors and there are very few vendors selling similar products so there is a great variety. Most weeks this is where I do my grocery shopping. They are locate in downtown Gilbert so there is a splash pad near along with lots if sideways for bike riding.
3	I love farmers markets, but this was one isn't that interesting or relevant to me. I really love fresh vegetables and fruit. I spend an inordinate amount on food of this nature so I was really excited to be visiting the market in Gilbert. I shouldn't have been.When a market starts to look like a craft fair I have to go. I saw everything but a few stray vegetables and fruit. I was so disappointed. I saw tea and honey and beef jerky, etc, but not much else. I know it's not the season for most things, but anything would have been better than this. It was a market full of wares that didn't include much GOOD food. :(I probably won't be back here, although I must say that the things I did sample that weren't vegetables were really good. I mean, really good. It just wasn't what I was after. Oh well, I guess I'll just stick with Whole Foods.
5	I love the the Gilbert Farmers Market.  The quality of the vendors is awesome.  We have favorite items that we return to purchase on a regular basis.  Try the pasta sauces, the white chocolate peanut butter, and the pepper jams.
