4	any place that has cheap beer on tap automatically gets 4 stars from me. hidden house has pitchers of fat tire for $8, which is like telling a 5 year old that the easter bunny is, in fact, real. i think they have pool tables and darts in the back, but i never left the bar. supposedly they have dancing on friday or saturday nights, which with all the cheap alcohol must be good.
4	Went here on Monday (actually next door at Bruno Mali's) for the hip hop night, and it was sick.  About 50 or so people in the smallish space. Cheap drinks, edgy urban art sale (lot of Che paintings), early 90s hip hop (think A Tribe Called Quest) , freestyling, and an eclectic crowd sum it up here.  Check out the cute blondie mastering the turntables....damn!
2	Not sure what was more fun, waiting 5 minutes for the bartender to notice me standing at the bar with a "Please sell me a beer" look on my face, or smoking roughly four packs of secondhand smoke. HH does not strive to be any more than a local dive popular with regulars, and on that in succeeds. It's larger than it appears from the outside, with a bar in the center, seating to the right and darts and pool tables to the left. On the Friday night we dropped by, there were only two women behind the bar and no servers. No one was complaining, so I figure this is pretty typical. About a dozen beers on tap, largely domestic, and it's cheap. It was a buck seventy five for a bottle of Bud Light, though most people were opting for the small pitchers at $4. All well and good unless you happen to be one of two nonsmokers who might drop by. The haze is so think that even if sunlight were allowed to illuminate HH's dark corners, it wouldn't penetrate the many smoky layers. Odds are excellent that at some point, airborne molecules from a Tareyton smoked in the mid-70s were inhaled. On May 1, 2007, when Arizona goes smokeless, Hidden House will be like the speakeasys during Prohibition. Smoking here will continue and no one will mind. "Password?" "The smoking-lung cancer link is a myth, so gimme a light." "OK, you're in. Just leave any filtered cigarettes at the door."
1	So I guess if I enjoyed live music and DJ's more (my man works with things like this for a living, so you could say I'm burnt out), I may have been able to disregard how godawful half the place smells. It's like a big urinal punch to the nose, and it sucks, big time. The bartenders are sometimes repulsive but always more repulsed by your presence without cause. It's almost like how Emerald Lounge was, but at least there, you kinda really did feel that you may not be worthy. This place just sucks. And who the hell's idea was it to carpet a bar? Seriously.
4	Loser O., you lose!  The statewide smoking ban is in effect, and nobody smokes in HH.I'm surprised that, with all the chatter here about the cheap beer, nobody's yet mentioned that Wed. is $6 steak night (steak & baked potato).  Before anybody jumps my case about this not being the most amazingly wonderful steak in the galaxy, pay attention -- it's a steak dinner (that's tasty), and it only costs six bucks.  What's the problem with that?  We can discuss it next Wed.
4	Definitely go on Wednesdays for the $6 steak dinner!  We used to run comedy here on the same night.  I would show up early for the dinner, then go perform.For the price, the steak is awesome!  It was thick, tender and juicy.  The sides could be a bit larger, though, as they were equally delicious.
3	this place is a total hole in the wall, but I like it. the drinks are cheap and not many people hang here, that's what I like about it. I'm not much of a people person, but I do like to go out and I can sit at a booth or the bar and not be bothered by a crowd.
3	Hmm, this place is a little odd - the clientel is definitely diverse and most of the arcade style games (pinball) were broken, but I didn't hate it.  They do need a patio - like pronto.  For us disgusting people who smoke when we drink, walking out to the front door and staring at Mi Patio or at the lovely alley isn't the greatest.  The alley actually makes me feel like I'm hanging at a college party - and I can't even bring my beer with me.The best parts you ask?  Well, I'll tell you.  Cheap drinks - $11 for a big pitcher of Blue Moon, and a brand new video game thing on the bar - its the one with Photo Hunt.  You bitches know what I'm talking bout, and you know that you love Photo Hunt too.  Anyway, it was brand new, so now all the top scores are from me - so if you see one with a funny name, it was probably my little hands that did that.  The bartenders were nice, and even though I felt like an outsider when I first ventured in, I think I'd go back again if I was in the mood for a dive.Also - there are no windows, so can truly lose track of time, be careful!
4	The Hidden House is a great little bar that has become the keystone of the local comedy scene.  Every Wednesday night there is a free admission open mic for local comics to try out their material.  It is usually a mix of comics who have either been performing for years or are brand new to the comedy scene; this can make for a night of many laughs or just a night of uncomfortable awkward silence, but hey, it is free.  The food and drink are cheap, and the staff is always friendly.
2	I came here with high hopes-perhaps I'd found my next dive bar. But there's something about this place that didn't quite gel with me, and I can't put my finger on it. The drinks are cheap, and they serve a righteously cold beer. But I guess it's the big, vast feel of the place with the off-putting fluorescent lighting. It gives the place a very bowling alley feel. I don't see this as a place where you and your crew would want to hang for very long. However, if you've been out drinking all night, are short on cash and just need to knock back another one or two before calling it a night while sitting in shameful silence already starting to regret how awful you're going to feel in the morning, this place would be perfect.
5	[Review for the Shop] [Hidden House review below]I'm slightly bias as i have been going to "the Shop" for a few years now. Al Page kills it, KGB Kills IT, Soul man Kills It, Chris the Fist Kills IT!, every DJ i missed...well you sorta Kill it too. lol.but the above mentioned can turn this place out.now atmosphere. lets just say, house party. i think the maximum occupancy for Bruno Malli's is like 50 people. i have been nights where 300 people were there pumping there firsts. i have also been there nights and it was so dead that there was 6 people until midnight rolled around, and then all of a sudden the jail doors ripped open and there was a hundred drunk fools dancing.drinks, yeah they be cheep. bartenders, yeah sometimes you get skipped over. shit i know they names and I'm yelling at them and they still don't hear me. Stacey, Katy.. still love ya. always poor my drinks right..so I'm not talkin shit.Cash Only...yea that hurt me because i hate having to be packin cash. 40 bucks and by the time you and your friends are in the door and got a drink in your hand you start to question. how cheep are these drinks again?smoking outside sucks but at least your not alone, there are always like 30 people outside smoking. some people say there is no mingling inside. well everyone is outside mingling over their camels' and Marlboro Reds'bathroom, umm ladies only on this side (yeah right) so guys have to walk over to the Hidden House side. i've seen cleaner bathrooms in beiruit. i quickly get in and get the fuck out. don't touch anything. sink is optional, but sometimes it looks worse then the toilet.figure i'll spill some vodka on my hands and call them clean.ok back to the beats. Al spins Oldschool, and neo-soul for the most part and his hand selected dj's follow suit. you can expect to hear anything from Hierogplyics, to the Jackson 5. shit is eclectic for sure. don't expect to hear any of the current club bangers or Crunk Juice music, and especially no Hyphy go dumb music. meh.  i did get KGB to play some e-40 once. lol. anyways. come out and have some fun. [Hidden House]i don't know what hidden house is really. not a dive bar, too bright.not a sports bar, not enough tvs. not a restaurant, yes it has food.its kinda  neighborhood spot. expect txhold'm tournements, pool huslting, network jukebox, large horseshoe bar, tables and booths, missing waitress.for a bar i give it 3 stars, way too bright. but the booze is still cheap.did someone say blue moon on tap? yeah. can't go wrong there. the service staff is nice. i have been stinking drunk on this side more then a few times, and have puked outside the bathroom...yea i'm not ashamed. it happened. don't act like you've never puked somewhere in public. all in all i still return. not as often as before and i normally stick to the Shop side.
3	Wow, this place brings back memories of my first summer in the Phx...  Used to go here on Saturday nights for the East coast, old school, hip hop.  It's small as hell inside, the bar seems to take up 1/3 of the space and there's only 1 bathroom for men/women but on the upshot, the drinks are CHEAP, the music is always bangin, & there's rarely any drama.  AND if you don't wanna hang out in the 'club' you can go next door to the pool hall/bar.  Nothin fancy just a place to hang out.
2	I've been a few times but never eaten here.The weirdest thing is the signage and name "Bruno Mali's Hidden House" kind of makes you think you might be going to a cool funky lounge.  Nope.On one side there is whatever excuse for musical what not is going on.  Other than being too loud it seems to be just fine for those who like that noise.  I loathe hip hop/rap/whatever they are calling it these days so I hang on the other side.The bar side is huge, pool tables, video crack and the like.  The bartenders are friendly enough but it doesn't feel right or smell right for that matter.  Numero uno they need to tone down the lighting.  Followed by a supreme bleaching and re-orginization of space and you'd have something.  Also, the drinks are the right price.One point for cheap drinks.One point for friendly bar staff on the non-music side.I would be remiss not to mention that the one time I was in here solo I felt the need to be hyper-aware as a lone female.
2	Well I wouldn't really call this place a "cocktail lounge" like sayyyy Side Bar but to me it was more like a very well lit pool hall. Even though there was no smoking inside it was hekka smokey in this place. I am guessing this place is 21+ thats why people like it oh and cheap drinks!?!?! I'm not sure but this place KIND of reminds me of River City Pockets with less pool tables?? If this was like the only option available I'd go if you made me, cuz you cant fool me twice. I'd rather just sit home and drink myself to sleep.
4	My posse (does anyone say that anymore?) went to the Hidden House for free comedy night last night.  This review is specific to "Free Comedy Night", I don't think I would appreciate the 'music' nights there, based on what I've heard about the 'acts' that 'play' there.  That said, we begin...Total dive bar, cheap steaks, strong drinks and a gaggle of mostly OK comedians (some were very good!).  I like it, it's easy to get to from my house, the drinks were strong, and fairly easy to get, even though it did get crowded once the comedy started.  They've got a decent selection of draft beer, and a pretty good selection of top shelf liquor (better then I expected from the outside).  I didn't realize the cocktail lounge and the pool room (to tell the truth, I thought it was a laundry-mat :-) were the same business, and I didn't go over to the more well lighted side.   The cocktail lounge/music side is dark, though, perfect mood.And the comedy?  At times, side-splitting, laugh out loud hilarity.  Others times, not so much.  But they run 10 or so comics thru in about 2 hrs, so the not-so-good comics are through blissfully quick, and, unfortunately,  the good ones are done too soon.I may not go every Wednesday, but I'll go again, for sure.
2	This is my first review and only because I've been here plenty of times but I can say that if you're looking for a quick drink or a couple shots to begin your night. This is definitely the place... You can't expect much from Hidden House... (Ahem- my parents, back in their 40's sometime during the 90's) used to entourage to Hidden House while the children of the "church BBQ night", spent our nights at home. Interestingly enough, I've had some okay experiences here with the "locals" seeing as how I am one... Anyone can buy me a flower, here anytime ;)... Bands... Meeeehhhh.... Socially, it's not TOO BAD, service is alright but all I can say is Don't expect much... Me and my sister venture here when WE MUST... given it's one of possibly 6 dive bars available within the 1 mile radius... I've definitely had better... But we'll still go... & we don't expect much from the moment the doors blow open with a refreshing whiff of "once existent old cigarette" aroma... add a dash of beer stains and a slight hint of... BO? What would you expect?
3	Hidden House has some things you expect in a neighborhood bar: lots of pool tables, giant circular bar, tagged restroom, friendly locals (somehow curious or maybe protective), cheap cocktails and specials on pitchers of beer. Then there's a few things different about this place: an usual mix of suits and sweat pant, old and young, some talented pool players and a really smooth bartender. Located in the "new" downtown and within walking distance from my hotel. The walk there and back was actually as much fun as sitting in the lounge, some parts of downtown are stunning especially at night when the lights are on and nobody's "home".
5	I love this dive bar.I love the juke box.I love Heather, the bartender.I love Jamie, the big black dude I beat at darts.I love $4 pitchers of beer.I love having the time of my life for TWENTY DOLLARS.
4	Bathroom stinks.  Juke box is like crack - fun, but it gets expensive FAST.  $1 pool?  BOO.  My entire body can attest that the $4 mini-pitchers (which works out to about two and a half glasses) do what they were made to do.  Heather is awesome, though.  She kinda reminded me of my sister, maybe in a few years.
5	You know that crazy friend you have that you always wind up almost dead after you hang out with? They're super fun but you know it's probably not in your health's best interest? That, boys and girls, is the Hidden House.I love finding bars where you cause so much ruckus that you swear they're about to kick you out at any moment, but for some insane reason, they let you stay.A bunch of Yelpers and I visited this little dive bar gem on a random Thursday night.  I immediately felt bad for the rest  of the unsuspecting patrons (all 6 of them) who had no idea what they were in store for.Any time you have a kick ass juke box, INSANELY cheap beer (like cheaper that Bikini Lounge cheap,) pool tables, and filthy bathrooms, things are bound to get ugly. And by ugly I mean 7 people headbanging, singing and dancing at the top of their lungs when no one else is, playing air guitar with pool cues, and rickrolling the bar an unmatched 4 times.  And still, they let us stay...a beautiful thing.By the end of the night, Heather, the wonderful bartender actually seemed amused by our antics, as did the clientele, who I was pretty sure were planning to murder us all come Ric Astley song #2...Basically, great dive, great service, place I could go straight from the gym and not feel even a little bit bad about it, and I like that.  Couple in the fact that I can walk home from there and was drunk for $8, I'm pretty much in heaven.
4	Where else can one have an impromptu dance off with a drunkard and hold up the juke box just for the hell of it? The HH, as referred to by an infamous crew of Yelpers, is a walk on the very wild side. Be warned, this place aint pretty and you'll probably be wondering what the hell you are doing there in the first place. Then without warning you're sucked into the insanity, doing things way out of character. Well at least I did. Hmmm, must have been something in the Chocolate Cake. Yes, they serve Cake!Beer is cheap; plenty of pool tables, darts, juke box, and good for crazy people watching.   The men's restroom is freaking disgusting. Come on guys, poop goes in the toilet. Try not the break the seal and you'll be fine.
3	The Hidden House is a slightly divey neighborhood bar. It's very big and open inside... brightly lit. With the exception of the wasted dude who took a liking to our Elvis selection on the jukebox (and seemed to think he could sing it better), the patrons seem to keep to themselves. There are plenty of pool tables and darts. I've been three or four times now and have yet to see a big crowd.I'm not especially interested in eating here, but the price is right making it a good place to meet up with some friends for a frothy adult beverage.
3	I usually go on the weekends. Al page holds it down, drinks are great but that bathroom smells horrible.
4	Oh, Hidden House.  You and I go way back.  It started when all my coworkers and I would come visit you for happy hour after working night shift, mostly because you were the only bar open at 7 am.  But then I couldn't stay away and started coming during normal bar hours (aka at night).  I developed a love-hate relationship with your bathrooms.  I caught a guy stealing all of the quarters out of the pool tables; he felt bad and returned them.  I ordered pitcher after pitcher of cheap Bud Light.  After all we've been through, you haven't changed a bit, and I don't want you to.
2	This place is hard to rate. I didn't like the bar itself, but I ran into plenty of people I knew & made quite a few new friends.This isn't a "lounge" by any stretch of the word.Turn right & you walk into an openly spaced, brightly lit dive bar. The bar is huge & there are booths along the close wall. There are a few pool tables on the far side. It's so damn bright & open i actually felt uncomfortable. The bathrooms are indescribably gross. The stench of piss is so rank & strong that just thinking back on it makes my stomach turn. There was NO TOILET PAPER the whole night even though I mentioned it to the female bar tender who said she'd take care of it.If you turn left you walk into a tiny, warm, dark, low ceilinged room. The bar is horseshoe shaped & needed 2 people behind it, not 1. There are tables, but I had no hope of getting to sit at 1. There were just too many people in that itty bitty room. Close to 1am the bartender ran out of small glasses. She started serving mixed drinks in ridiculously small plastic cups. I hope she still put $4 of alcohol in them. But I doubt this. I had to drink way too many drinks to even feel a buzz. There was no way I'd be able to get drunk here. At least the beer is cheap, I guess.The name Hidden House is appropriate. This place should be hidden from sight & left to die. Why do cool people I know come here?!
4	This is your local dive bar. It is excellent for walking to and then taking a cab back. The staff is great, they have a little edge and are able to carry a conversation. The Hidden House's tap selection isn't the reason you come here, but they do have frosty mugs.If you come here, you have to get the pitchers, they're incredibly cheap and they keep coming. There is pool, darts, tvs, and internet at the bar. I've only been once since I moved outside of walking distance, but it may be time for a return!
4	Thirsty on thursday, with a wad of cash in my pocket, and indebted to my brother for several rounds of drinks he bought me earlier in the week we set off on our bikes down 3rd ave. on a righteous quest that could rival Bill and Ted's any day.Riding along my neighborhood in the pleasant evening air, I knew my destination well in advance. "where are we going man??" asks my Sancho Panza-esque little brother."To a land of giants weilding wooden lances, and green felt tables, where ivory like orbs are ricocheted against one another, and ales flow from spigates for mere pence on the dollar. We go my dear boy to a house that is hidden. aye. a hidden house""what the hell are you talking about man!?""onward rocinante!" i said as i pedaled my fixed gear with all the might my legs could muster. shrugging his shoulders my younger brother kept up the pace on his tank like classic cruiser.As we approached Osborn we wound our way to the Hidden House's parking lot and whipped our steeds over to the bicycle lockup. The outside trappings didnt show much promise, and my doubts started to arise within me. Justin was quite aloof to this however, and locked our bikes up promptly and waltzed on in, I followed hesitantly. The minute we stepped foot inside I felt at ease, the relaxed patrons all sat quite quietly, humbly watching their football games, college and pro.We belly'd up to the bar and I ordered a scotch and soda for myself and a pbr for justin. Amazedly we stared at the plethora of billiards tables offered to us, and after several rounds of bevvy, and a failed inquiry as to what food they offered (the kitchen is closed until further notice), we made straight away for a rousing game of pool. We neither of us could best one another so the true test of our mettle at billiards will have to come later. 2 to 2, $1 for four games of pool, is probably the best deal I have ever come across.We left the Hidden House in a blurry stupor, but we left as champions, conquerors of windmills and tins of beer. The ride home not withstanding several scrapes and bruises.
3	Coming from So.Cal and the Williamsburg-like hood of San Diego I was homesick and eager to find a chill spot I could sip a couple cold ones and bob my head to some good music. I yelped one evening and stumbled upon H.H. I made the 20 min drive up there and was instantly excited because the DJ was playing a classic S.V. track. I went to the horseshoe shaped bar and a kind fellow put my $4.50 drink on his tab "Sky Ginger vodka on ice? Don't mind if I do" the best part was he didn't even hit on me just welcomed me to the "hood" and I damn near skipped over to my table that towers my 4'11 frame. I read from other reviews that the drinks are strong; I'm tiny but I can knock a few back. Well after my second drink I conjured up the nerves to talk to a cute bearded fellow who smelled like some W.F. fair-trade lavender/lemongrass body wash; when my polyester pencil skirt gave way and I slipped off the stool mid-convo! The worst part was that the DJ cut the song and my "AHHHH" echoed through the joint before the beat dropped. We giggled; and he was cool about it, but I was mortified. So I got another drink and we left shortly after the "Trash-room experience"...UMM okay I'm curious as to how you can vomit and hit everything in the stale but the toilet, was she spinning?! Thank goodness I wasn't wearing my glasses. The men's restroom door was off the hinge and a guy showed his "Package" to my friend and she didn't mind the size *Nice!* AWW just like SD. maybe even better (less pretentious atmosphere and a great music scene) so I guess I'm not homesick after all.
5	this place rules, plain and simplejust wish they had a cheaper jukebox
2	cheap beer, cheep pool.Someone else on here wrote that he place stinks like urine and it does. The smell was disgusting. Other than its scent - it's a typical small dive bar full of regular patrons who don't mind the smell of urine.
4	This place is a crap hole. But I like crap holes. After passing this bar almost every day, we finally decided to give it a try when we saw a sign out front that offered every NFL game inside. Bored one fateful Sunday, we stopped in and were pleasantly surprised at the crap hole we stumbled into! Football on every tv, cheap beer, scuzzy locals AND free snacks!! What more can you ask for from a dive bar? Will I be back? Doubtful, but I'm not going to rule it out entirely!
4	Great place to hang out in my book!Since moving to the avenues I have been exploring my new home "bubble" area. Hidden House just happened to be in it, and I am glad it is. I have been here a time or two for a comedy show or to see a band, but never really "hung" out in the bar side. *There is a "venue side for the shows and "bar" side for hangin out and playing pool*I always had a great time at any show I have seen here, a few friends of mine are involved int eh comedy show that they have every Wednesday night, ha-lar-e-ous! Gotta check it out! They have a little bar on that side as well and have always had great service. Amy, has been the most regular bartender I have seen and she is awesome!  The bar side is just like any other dive pretty much, some pool tables, a juke box and a personable bar tender slingin drinks to anyones liking. They are also very inexpensive. $4.50 for a mini pitcher of Drop Top, $2.50 for a Miller Lite, yeah I will take that! Our tab after a night of drinking is never more than $20. Please remember - this is a dive bar, you aren't going to see the most cleanly of patrons, have the most pristine bathrooms and you will drink out of a plastic cup sometimes..... but that's the charm of a good dive. So don't over analyse it. Just have fun!Great place!
4	My favorite neighborhood bar. I used th hang there every Tuesday... wait, does that make me sound bad? LOL  Great laid-back atmosphere, cool people to play pool with, bartenders and staff have been there a long time and are awesome. Now I go there on Saturday nights for The Shop (Hip Hop party with Al Page) A great place to hang on Saturday nite and hear some great music.
4	Cheap drinks, pool, juke box. It's your typical neighborhood dive bar.EXCEPT Wednesdays and Thursdays, they have free, no-holds-barred stand up  comedy in the lounge!  I'm not gonna lie - it can be a little hit or miss and I've had some more "politically correct" friends get offended, but I say grab a few drinks, leave your sense of decency at the door and prepare yourself for some gut-busting, tears streaming down your face, falling out of your chair (okay, that last part might be attributed to those aforementioned cheap drinks) laughter.   So much fun.
3	The sign says "and grill"  not so.  Just a bar, no food.  So once you get past that your good to go.Its really a big place, pool tables, pin ball machine, the usual bar games.The drinks are well made and fairly priced.  Don't expect anything with an umbrella, this isn't that type of bar, and I like that about them.It's not flashy, maybe even a little grimy, it's just right for a neighborhood dive bar, exactly where you want to go when you really don't feel the need to get dressed up for a beer.
3	I amm going to get in trouble for this 3 star rating.HH is the home bar of Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated.Not a bad place - I am not knocking it, but there's really nothing great about it.Like any decent dive bar should, there are plenty of adult libation options, pool tables, jukebox, and fantastic people watching.Really, it's A-OK. Most of the bartenders are cool, approachable and know what they're doing.I will be back, often. It's around the corner from Complicated's house, and since I am with him most of the time, I get treated like family. The good side of the family that is quirky and has some stories, but isn't terrible to deal with.
4	Really great neighborhood bar. Well poured drinks, cheap pool, what else do you need?Will definitely go back.
5	I love this place. The bartenders are very friendly and attentive. One in particular will come by and even pour drinks from the pitcher into the glasses. They take good care of you, there. I go there sometimes to watch football games. It's never too crowded to come in and watch the games. They have a big screen TV and a bunch of other TV monitors. The pool is usually free when I have been there on game days. The drinks are cheap. I usually pay $3 for a small pitcher. I would highly recommend the place.
4	Perfect for the evening out with my husband without the bebe'. Cheap pitchers of decent beer, fun jukebox, and the cheapest pool I have ever seen. A place to go to disappear or make new friends. Strange enough, both fit. Cool spot!
3	kind of a shit hole, but its pretty chill. average priced drinks but nothing special for a dive bar. plenty of pay-to-play pool tables which is nice. the general crowd that comes in seems to be fairly friendly as we were able to get along with a decent crowd right away and we're not from the area.definitely check it out if you're in the area and need a late night dive bar
5	Dark, seedy, and a ton of fun.  If dive bars strike a chord, you'll be at home. with obnoxious, friendly staff and off-beat customers, I can't get enough of this place.
5	I love the karaoke on Tuesday nights. Great songs I can't find anywhere else with Amber and Kenny, Amy the bartender has awesome weekly specials and the crowd is much more hip and friendly than most other karaoke places. My boyfriend and I go weekly, and even though its not a gay bar we feel welcome and comfortable.
2	I used to come here often when I was married and lived in the area, my husband and I loved to play pool here with friends.  I don't know if I was looking at life through rose colored glasses back then but the Hidden House seemed so much more pleasing than it does today.  I live in the east valley and my friend lives in the west valley so when he wanted to meet up to shoot some pool I recommended the Hidden House.  When I opened the door I thought "oh shit, this was a mistake."  The place just looks sad inside, like where people go when they need to cry in their beer or contemplate suicide.
4	I have to admit, I was a little skeptical about coming to a dive bar (with a 49 max occupancy sign) & having to pay a $5 cover charge on a Saturday night. But a few delicious (and wallet friendly) Long Island ice tea's later, I was really enjoying myself. To my surprise there was a female DJ who was spinning with her husband & I think she too loosened up after a drink. :D. What was really amazing was the cold AC kicking out of the vents. After all those drinks and 2 stepping with a room full of people, the cold air felt so good on your skin. I'll definitely return here soon.
3	This was my spot several years ago. Just came back, and it hasn't changed a bit. It's my go to dive bar to play some pool, drink some beer, and play some music. It's full of some interesting characters.
3	My girlfriend and I came here late Christmas night just to grab a quick drink after a drive around. I was surprised that this place was even open.There was a lot of parking since everyone was more than likely either home sleeping or with family and friends. The place wasn't empty inside but there was probably a half a dozen to a dozen people inside including staff. The place had like four to six pool tables. The tables are in decent shape...We got the table right by the door which surprisingly ate the cue ball and so the bartender had to snaggle it out by dropping a few balls into the pocket it went into. The cue sticks have seen better days. The patrons there looked like your usual rag tag bunch. A few looks pretty ghetto but whatever, nobody bothered us even though we stuck out like a sore thumb. I got a few shots and drinks and she got some wine. We played pool for a while. The service wasn't fast, fast even with lack of customers but it was fast-decent. Drinks were alright priced. I would come back here again but I wouldn't want to come when it's packed. I remember passing by here once a long time ago and seeing a guy fight a tranny in front. I thought that was hilarious! Trust me, it was. You have to had been there to see this.
4	Dive bar with cheap drinks.  Very cheap drinks.  Very,  very cheap drinks.  If you are looking for an elegant, clean, nice smelling atmosphere head elsewhere.
3	Coming from SoCal it kinda remind me of a dive bar you would find in the San Fernando Valley area.. not a fan of beers in a can at a bar though, but it was a tolerable place to chill and hear some good music while drinking a can beer.Not my first place to choose for a night out but it's doable
3	Make no mistake that this is a dive bar. A friend invited me out for some pool after a comedy show and this is their go-to spot. Everyone that I encountered was nice, pool and drinks were cheap, and although the deco could use a little attention, it was exactly what I expected.
4	I had a great time doing karaoke here last week.  They do it every Tuesday and it's a lot of fun.
2	I like the six pool tables in the back of the room. You probably won't have to wait if you wanna play! Yes, the jukebox is legit as well...it's got a lot of the more underground, independent rock and rap. And the sound system does every track justice. Drink prices are meh...for a grimy place with more rugged patrons, I'm used to seeing a bit lower. Draft beer selection is less appealing than I'm used to in this neck of the woods. Having one unique brew just doesn't cut it these days! Another weird thing about the layout is that there's not really a place to sit besides the bar or next to the billiards. A lack of tables to socialize with your friends tells me it might not be THE best place for groups, since you'll all just stand around awkwardly. Maybe it deserves another chance during peak hours. Maybe I'm just missing something really cool about this place. For now, it doesn't seem to do anything better than other bars in the area, and that really lowers the return factor for me.
4	The place has reopened under a new owner.  They have cleaned it up quite a bit.  Prices are good and I will be checking it out again.
