5	What an awesome and friendly place to hang out!  The downstairs is a great hang out spot.  The owner and other staff were so friendly and helpful.  The food was great!  I will definitely go back.
4	Daphne is a new-ish Shadyside restaurant that Tony and I had been wanting to check out for a bit. It is Turkish/Mediterranean, but there aren't a ton of full entrees. The menu was mostly appetizers (baba ghannouj, hummus, etc), wraps, and salads. I had the adana (lamb) wrap, and my boyfriend has the gyro salad. His had a ton of meat compared to mine, but his salad also had a sweeter Greek salad dressing which I really liked. I liked my wrap but wish there was more meat in it. The boyfriend also had the Turkish coffee, and I had the custard dessert which was small, but VERY filling. We might be coming back since we realized Daphne was BYOB (corkage fee was 3 or 4 bucks). I wish there were more entrees on the list, but it would make more sense next time to split some of the appetizers and maybe a salad as a main dish.
4	This place makes me happy. Daphne Cafe is tucked among the other shops on Ellsworth Street. Casual and BYOB. Outdoor seating. They've got some nice options for dips with pita though their lamb is to die for. Gyro wrap and adana plate are devoured within minutes each time that we have gone. They've also got awesome baklava and turkish coffee, which is no joke coffee so beware. Prices are very reasonable and since there is a laid back atmosphere food is presented in a simple way (such as for the adana plate rice was in one section, meat in a second and the vegetables in a third - fine by me) but there is nice flavor which is most important. Service has always been great too. Waitress is sweet and helpful should you have any questions.
4	Very good food. Everything feels like it is homemade and the service is very good as well. Prices are reasonable. Brimg your own drinks of you want to drink.
4	Happened upon this unassuming place one night when we couldn't get into Soba because it was so packed, including the bar.The interior of the place is quite barren.  Just some very basic table and chairs and light music.  It looks more like a lunch place.  However, when we glanced at the menu we decided we would give it a try.For an appetizer, I had the humus and a yogurt type dip (sorry forget the name!).  Both were excellent!  And then I ordered the fresh mozzarella panini, which came with fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, and tomatos on a buttered panini bread.  Quite tasty!!!  Definitely will be back.  I don't know that I would plan on coming to this place for a nice meal on the weekend due to their being no ambiance, but definitely would come here for lunch or a quick bite to eat at night.
4	I discovered this cafe with some co-workers during lunch in the early Fall. It's a great, little hidden gem of a diner. It's pretty simple inside but the food is pretty great! It's a nice spot for a lunch or dinner date with a casual vibe. It's also a nice break from the more expensive options along Ellsworth.
3	When Daphne Cafe opened I was excited to try it.   I walk by it every day and it seemed like the place I would get lunch from on the weekends or grab a dinner to go on the way home from work.  After one trip, I haven't been back.I really appreciate it when restaurants post their menu online; as a vegetarian I can be prepared to go elsewhere if there's nothing on the menu.  Daphne doesn't have a website, but there is now a photo of the menu on urbanspoon.  Sometimes they have a chalkboard with the menu taped to it outside the door.We went to Daphne to get dinner to go, and it was a disappointment.  Their credit card machine was broken, which I can understand, but they didn't tell us until after they had taken our order and put it in.  I got the veggie wrap, which was some sad lettuce, tomatoes, and onions on hummus.  The gyro looked much more satisfying than my meal for sure.  The restaurant is never busy, despite the reasonable prices and BYOB.  Maybe it will pick up in the spring when the patio seating opens.
4	I've been to this restaurant twice now and have loved it. The owners of the restaurant are really nice and will come and chat with you if you sit down.In terms of appetizers, I'd recommend getting the appetizer sampler because it gives you a small taste of everything on the menu. The pita they give with the sampler is warm and you can always ask for more which is a plus.In terms of main dish they have a variety of kebabs (which is more authentically Turkish than some of the paninis)  which are delicious. If you're a fan of spicier meat I'd recommend the Adana kebab but their other kebabs are equally tasty.I wouldn't recommend getting dessert, it isn't homemade, the baklava they served us wasn't very moist.
4	It's always clean. The food is always fresh. Great taste. The baba is outstanding. Salads have gotten smaller since it opened but still a good deal. Hope they do well.
4	Wandered in from the street and was absolutely delighted. They have turkish coffee, fantastic baba, eggplant and the Daphne wrap is amazing. Family business with high quality, authentic food. Would definitely return if I am in the area.
3	One chick working the whole restaurant.  That sucks, right?  But it wasn't busy at all.  At.  All. So the fact that my water wasn't refilled ever... Our hummus came out after 20 minutes.... The extra pita bread we asked for never came... She wouldn't even give us another menu willingly... was very irritating.  I'm a big fan of good service (gee... who isn't!?) but I tend to give A LOT of leeway to people because I was a server.  Today, it was hard for me to do so.  The hummus was actually really good and the pita bread was awesome.  Came out warm and moist.  The gyro salad was not bad.  I liked the meat, but it was a pretty simple salad.  I've had much more creative/better ones.  I think I'd give it another try because I did like the hummus, but I pray the service gets better because I may start throwing around some pita bread... if I ever got some extra slices!
4	Cute little lunch spot on Ellsworth. Nice patio. Amazing roasted red pepper feta dip! Warm pitas, gyro salad, need I say more? If you enjoy Turkish cuisine, you're in for a treat. A welcome addition to the Ellsworth area.
4	Great gyros (both sandwiches and wraps).  Meat tastes a bit leaner and healthier than most gyro spots.  Hummus is pretty good.   Baklava is just okay.
5	Yum and BYOB!  Stopped by on a whim while searching for a quick lunch venue.  Never heard of it but glad I found it!  Great dill-yogurt- dip (forget what it's called) and delicious eggplant salad.  Plenty of pita brought by a pleasant, cute, waiter with a great voice;)!  My friend and I split a salad and three appetizer sampler and got out for about 13 bucks!  Next time we are bringing a bottle of wine and heartier appetites!
5	I went to Daphne's today, after going to the former restaurant in the same location with my family several times.  I didnt really like the last mediterranean place as the shish  kabob  was always dry and the babaganoush was not to my liking.  However, today the new Daphne's was excellent.  Everything was fresh and kabobs were awesome.  Mid-meal, Daphne brought some freshly made grape leaves which were still hot.  What a sweet gesture and I have never had a stuffed grape leaf that was so full of flavor.  So while visiting Pittsburgh, Daphne's will always be on my restaurant list.
4	This is a great BYO spot with outdoor seating on Ellsworth. The menu isn't very extensive, but what they do have is very good and the prices are perfect. Their lamb for the gyros and gyro salads is very flavorful, and they give you a lot. The service was a little slow, but it was nice to not be interrupted constantly while eating. It was a very relaxing meal and I will absolutely be going back. I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because I wish there were just a few more apps and/or entrees to choose from. It is definitely worth a try!!
5	Food and service were excellent! We got the spicy taboulleh to start, then a gyro wrap and veggie sandwich. Prices are quite low, matched with great food... Highly recommend.On a nice day, definitely sit on the patio outside.
2	I stopped into Daphne Cafe early this winter for a falafel wrap. I thought the falafel itself was pretty right on - nice crispy exterior with warm soft center and decent flavor. But the wrap was a white tortilla from Sysco (the tortillas were in the display case behind the counter, that's how I know! Tacky!) which I thought was gross and weird. I mean even Sysco sells pita, which would have been a slight improvement. My next pet peeve about this falafel is that there were no cucumbers on it. My next pet peeve is that there were pale-totally-unripe-flavorless tomatoes on it. Sorry, I just hate pale tomatoes; if they are not in season or ripe, please spare me. The lettuce was iceberg, not the biggest deal. It had tahini on it, so that was right. I don't think I will go back to see if they use higher quality ingredients in other menu items.
5	I order takeout from here weekly. The food is always fresh and the owners are very friendly. Definitely try it.
5	My husband and I LOVE Daphne Cafe! Have been meaning to review it for a long time! Really fresh food, cute little place with a nice patio and sweet owners. Also BYOB which is a plus. Amazing hummus with hot pita bread. The soup is the most amazing thing I have ever had- I'm a little obsessed. We usually get the gyro salad, which has a ton of meat- soo good. Delicious dressing too. We also get a veggie-hummus wrap which is great too. Really can't go wrong here.
3	Vegetarian review: Grape leaves were good, lebni was decent, falafel was passable, hummus was awful.
5	Daphne's salads are soooo fresh!! Chicken is out of this world.  Cooked to perfection!  I love this place for take out lunch i eat back at my office!!
2	I'm not going to lie, the food is good. Really good. Why I gave only two stars is because of the service. Let's take tonight for example. Ordered two gyro's and lentil soup. Waited half an hour, then when questioned they said it would be ANOTHER half an hour! At this point I couldn't wait any longer and I said to cancel the order. Did they even apologize? No. Incidentally I am a regular there and have referred many people to this restaurant, which they are aware of. So this is how you treat good customers??? I'd hate to see how they treat the bad ones! If you want lousy service and a LONG wait, this is the place for you. Other wise, skip it.
3	Sorry Daphne Cafe but I wasn't too impressed and for a number of reasons. The place was hardly packed but our server never filled our water, asked how the meal was, or cleared the table. I overlooked that but the fact that they never told us how to pay so we sat there waiting like idiots was my biggest complaint.  The waitress didn't particularly seem to enjoy working so it left us feeling a little awkward.  So besides the service the food was good - not great.  I went with a group and we ordered a mozzarella panini, daphne panini, gyro panini, and gyro wrap along with a side of fries. My friends got the turkish coffee which came out in these really cute ornate cups but it wasn't a lot considering the fact that you pay 2 dollars for a little more than a mouthful of coffee.  Careful though, it's pretty strong. I wasn't particularly blown away with the food, the gyro wrap didn't have enough sauce on it so the wrap seemed a bit dry.  The daphne panini wasn't to my taste and seemed exceptionally simple for something that was supposed to be "special." Overall, I don't think I'll come back, but the restaurant did have a great feel to it.  The outdoor seating seemed popular on the day that we went.
3	Not bad. But the service is not that good
3	I'd consider Daphne to be a Mediterranean restaurant with a few Turkish options as opposed to a Turkish restaurant. That said, I opted for a house special - the Daphne Panini. It was made with Surek - described as a beef pepperoni - which intrigued me to try it. Essentially, the panini was a spicy meatball sandwich.At the time of this review, the cafe was understaffed; however, it is searching for new employees, so I expect that to change soon.
1	Let me preface this review by saying that I never actually got to eat here, so I have no idea what the food is like.My date and I showed up on a Friday night to an almost empty restaurant/slightly full (small) patio. It took quite a while just to be seated outside where there were 3 empty tables, and that is where our service ended. We sat unattended for over a half hour with not once glance towards our table. No water was brought, no appetizers were ordered. It's BYOB, so my date had to go fetch a bottle opener himself and we proceeded to both drink an entire beer before we left, never once speaking to a member of the staff (2 servers). I witnessed a patron (who seemed quite familiar the one woman working) in a party of 4 take his own order and fetch water for the table.I feel bad leaving such a shit review, but to never once have 30 seconds to at least explain "oh no 2 servers didn't show, we're sorry" seems pretty unbelievable. Especially right after a write up in the City Paper. I can only assume that this was normal for them.
4	Greattttttt humus for a starter and awesome portions for the price. Went on a Tuesday afternoon for lunch it was perfect. Staff was really friendly and the lamb gyro was really good.  I'd come back for sure!
5	We have been here many many times and have never had anything that was excellent. Truly a great place that deserves far more traffic.
3	I've had lunch takeout a few times and everything is good so far! It's cooked to order (except for refrigerated desserts) so call ahead if you're in a hurry.
4	what a nice find!  dropped in for a quick bite so we shared 4 appetizers.  for the $ incredibly generous, fresh, tasty.  bulgur salad had plenty of fresh parsley.  baba ganoush was smokey and delicious.  enjoyed stuffed grape leaves: very flavorful and fresh.  pita was plentiful and warm.  would love to come back for more!  and our servers were super nice and friendly.
5	One of our favorite family spots.  Great food and service.  Islander plate is our favorite.  Love that we can bring our own wine.
5	Fantastic food. I loved the Iskender Kebap! The patio has a real nice ambience and the service was very friendly.
4	Great food, but terrible service. Worth it if you don't mind maybe having to remind your server what you ordered.
4	Daphne Cafe is another restaurant I always forget about until I walk past it on Ellsworth - and this place is worth remembering bc they've got lots of outdoor seating which is at a premium in Shadyside in the summer!The first few times I came here the food was good but the service was kind of meh.  The food has improved, and so has the service!  I think they just needed to work the kinks out.Let me tell you something:  there's little I wont do for hummus, and they've got great hummus here.  Everything tastes fresh and is inexpensive.  It's not a fancy restaurant, but its a nice restaurant and the past two times I've been here everything has been great.  If you havent tried this restaurant I suggest you do so now, bc its been increasingly crowded with each return, I think word is getting out.
5	Ate here for lunch, best Mediterranean I've had so far in Pittsburgh! Everything was fresh and the service was quick and friendly. Outdoor seating is great on sunny days. This place is bomb diggity.
4	This is my go-to for takeout in Shadyside. The walk-in service is quite good; prompt, cordial, and they even let you sit at a table while you wait. I definitely prefer getting something to go here than eating in, because the staffing here is minimal and usually just has one young lady working both the indoor and outdoor seating. If you eat in, it won't necessarily be very efficient. (The staff has always been quite nice, just not quick.)For food, any of the gyro dishes are delicious - particularly the gyro salad, which is simple but very filling and has a tasty, garlicky dressing that isn't too heavy. The hummus with pita is good too, but I'd most recommend a side of their French fries, which are crisp yet meaty and have a jealousy-inducing aroma. Luckily, you get a ton of them for your couple bucks, so it's not a big loss to share with a friend.I'd recommend this place any day of the week...except Monday, seeing as they're closed.
5	I live so close to here and I don't know why it took me so long to try this place!! First I'll talk about the service, I agree with most of the reviews about being understaffed because there was only one girl waiting on all the tables (not busy yet still not attentive to customers needs? Super nice though). I feel bad because I did notice the "HELP WANTED" sign, so they're searching!! The owner, on the other hand, is INCREDIBLY accommodating!!! Brought my dog and sat down with my friends (who grabbed a table outside) then the owner politely asked me to anchor him onto a tree on the sidewalk then suggested we sit on the sidewalk and put together tables for us :) options is always a wonderful thing!!Now the best part, FOOD!! Let me just say that this chicken on the chicken salad I had was probably one of the best chicken I've ever had in my life-- tender, cooked perfectly. Tried my friend's hummus and dip (I forget what it was called but it was red) oh my goodness... So smooth, creamy yet bursting with flavor every bite!! Pita bread = perfection and warm.Love this place!! Can't wait to try more!!
4	If there's a porch I can sit at that absolutely transforms the vibe and view of Ellsworth Ave into something close to "romantic"....bonus points!! Also, tiny Turkish coffees on giant Turkish gold platters with a delicious tiramisu of unknown origin...regular points!! Who knew this place was so neat - and affordable, too, judging solely by dessert experience and a cursory reading of the full menu. Should have asked who Daphne was.
5	We finally tried this place and loved it. We brought our dog and ate at a table on the sidewalk. We had the platter so we could get a little taste of everything and it was delicious. Lamb is one of my favorites and they know what they're doing with it here.We came in on a Friday night? Maybe? And it was still early so not crowded at all. There were three women working and we didn't feel ignored or under-served once. So perhaps they've finally worked out the kinks in service?Either way, this place is really affordable and tasty. I'll definitely be back for a gyro!
5	This is my second visit here, and it gets better. I ordered the grape leaves app, and Iskenderun kabap for main. Personally I think they make the best grape leaves in the city, better than Salam market's. The real surprise is the Iskender kabap. The gyro meat is tender and is perfected by the tomato sauce. I highly recommend this to anyone who loves Greek food but seek more flavor.Service is good too. Come here on a sunny day for lunch, sit outside and you are in for a treat!
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. My husband and I are "regulars," and so we asked if they could cater our rehearsal dinner the night before our wedding. The event was incredible. We held the party in their party room downstairs in the basement, which is gorgeous. It is decorated beautifully and has seating around the perimeter of the room, allowing for mingling and lots of conversation. The food was (as always) also fantastic - I would highly recommend the Iskendar! The couple that owns the restaurant are lovely and so friendly... they did not just cater, they HOSTED the event. They were downstairs with us, encouraging us to have a good time and generally making sure everything was as we wanted it. We felt like part of the family! All our friends and relatives have commented on how delicious the food was, and how unique and special the evening was. I would highly recommend Daphne's if you want to hold a special event, or just for a casual evening dinner. We certainly love it and will continue to go back often!!
5	The food was SO good that it made up for the street construction, to include loud workers, back hoes and jack hammers!
3	BYOB...Enjoyed the outside seating today.  Very nice and clean place, inside and out.  It seems that there is only one waitress, but our dishes did come out promptly.  The Mediterranean dip with warm pita was delicious.  It was mostly tomato based with olives, walnuts and a drizzle of olive oil.  The stuffed grape leaves were tender with a hint of citrus, served with tzatziki sauce.  The Greek salad was your standard and was decent as Greek salads go.  Iskender kabap was the entree.  It was Gyro meat in a nice tomato broth over pita with a few grilled peppers and tomato.  The Baklava was probably the best I have ever tasted.  I was not blown away by anything that we ate and, for my taste buds ... I wish it was a bit more spicy and I did need to add some salt.  The service was friendly and all in all, the meal was pleasant and affordable.
5	My boyfriend and I checked this place out because we were craving gyros.. and boy did we come to the right spot! Delicious, fresh Mediterranean food. I was also pleasantly surprised at how large the portion sizes were.  Very intimate and welcoming space, and the outdoor seating was lovely.
5	I love this restaurant. The food is always amazing. The outside seating is cozy during the summer. The service is kind of slow, so don't plan on having a quick dinner, but it's only slow because they make everything from scratch. This is a real family owned restaurant, which is a rare treat. Also, I have never had to wait for a table here which is amazing.
5	Awesome food. I can eat that eggplant with yogurt and garlic dip all day long. Also, best pita served I have ever had! Great platters, especially the lamb, so juicy and tasty! Love it!
4	Daphne's has very tasty, healthy Turkish food and an especially cute patio.  I like dropping by in the summertime to sit in the sunshine and grab lunch on the weekend.  It's an under-appreciated spot in Shadyside-- I have never seen it crowded.  The interior is very casual and less welcoming than the outside. A few more decorations and music/ambiance would make it feel more like a sit-down place and les like a take-out spot. One bone to pick--they charge (or used to charge) an absurd amount (maybe $6 extra?) to add a protein like chicken to their salads.  This seems really silly to me and disproportionately pricey; I hope they have changed that.  They have an excellent Greek salad and I'd be a much happier camper if I could get a little chicken on it and not pay $15 dollars, when everything else on the menu is in the $8-10 range.
4	Where do I start...first and foremost the food tasted like it was straight out of a Turkish kitchen. Fresh!!!  The pita bread was fluffy, warm and airy. We got the combo platter which was enough food for 2. The lamb was tender and perfectly seasoned. I could have continued to eat even though I was full. We finished it off with the most perfect of desserts. The rice pudding. Never have I had rice pudding that was as creamy as this. It just married your tastebuds with the slight citrus flavor and perfectly cooked rice. Seriously, I would eat it over ice cream any day!
5	I'm disappointed that I haven't tried this dinner spot until now. The lack of people inside the restaurant while walking by has always been a deterrent. However, I went in to take-out dinner tonight and was more than pleased with the food. I got the gyro salad, which is well worth $9 due to the amount of meat that they put on the dish. I also tried the mediterranean dip, which is a mix of roasted red peppers, feta cheese and olive oil. After sharing with two people, we still have leftovers for tomorrow's lunch. I also brought home the rice pudding, which is house made and has a sprinkle of cinnamon on top. I'm a sucker for rice pudding so this was absolutely delicious. After talking with the owner while getting my take-out, my boyfriend happened to mention that he loves baklava, so the owner gave us a taste of the baklava to bring home, free of charge. His generosity was a reflection of good business, and the baklava did not disappoint. I will definitely be going back.
