4	When it comes to Thai food I'm generally easy to please. Gimmee some Thai Ice Tea & Pad Thai and I'm good. Some places just can't get that right. Pin Kaow (2) doesn't disappoint.  The Crab Rangoon appetizer is a tasty opening choice. The ambiance of the restaurant is super cool, I like the faux elephant head and the traditional outfits the servers wear. Out of the four or Five times I've been there the service is always pleasant and super quick.
4	did you say "pink cow"? i've only been here once and all i tried was the larb and the sticky rice w/ mangos & coconut milk. it was a refreshing little snack and i can't wait to try some more. i saw that they're opening a pin kaow in henderson on eastern...i'm excited!
4	Great find for those living in the SW Burbs--don't let the strip mall location fool you!Inside, the decor is very nice, the service is prompt, and if you show up on the right night you even get some musical entertainment!We've been here a few times, and all of the food is of great quality.Over our 3 trips, we have ordered most of the curries, spring rolls, crab rangoon, and pad thai--everything was very very good.  The spring rolls are served in this very cool dish that is basically a ceramic boat--way cool.They have a great beer that I have never seen anywhere else.  Be sure to try the Birds Nest beer.  MMMmmmm.  It is a perfect complement to the spicy curries.
4	Yum!  Just as good as Archi's if not better, complete with beautiful decor and live singers & musicians.  The service was so great- all the staff were really friendly, happy and caring.  I felt like I was back in Thailand.  And the food was excellent- I had the spicy eggplant.  Will definitely be going here again.  The only drawback is it's WAY in the south part of town.  Apparently there is another location on North Rainbow though.
5	This location of Pin Kaow is even better than the original! It still has the same great, upscale and ethnic ambiance (check my other review of the original Pin Kaow location), but yet magnified in size! It definitely has more of an upscale feel to it and same great service. This one is definitely better for larger gatherings, due to the size. The food and service and everything else is just as excellent as the other, Rainbow and Lake Mead location.
5	This is probably my 10th time dining here. I have enjoyed every meal I have eaten here. As soon as we walked through the door we were greeted and walked to our table. We only ordered entrees tonight no apps ( that's rare ). I ordered the Masaman Curry with Chicken. It is a Thai Curry with coconut milk, potatoes, onions, and crushed peanuts. WOW. This is the first time I have had the type of curry and I love it. Now I need to order the Panang and this one at the same time to see which I like more. The GF ordered the Pad Thai and it might be one of the best I've ever had. Excellent flavor with the right amounts of sweet and spicy. We finished our meal with the Sticky Rice and Mango. MMMMMM.. I'm drooling just thinking about this. This seems so simple but I have never had it this good. Overall this place has always been excellent. Prices are about a dollar more per entree than Archi's but the servings are bigger at Pin Kaow. The service is better than Archi's also. ( Don't get me wrong I really like Archi's too )
5	I go here with my friends all the time, and i have to say, its exceptional food! quality and care here is fantastic, I love the atmosphere, people, and the food. What more could I ask for?
4	This is a great restaurant that I dine at regularly, never had  a bad meal.
4	This place is definitely one of the local neighborhood gems.  Although set in a plain strip mall, the interior decoration was great.  Makes you feel like you are at a fancy restaurant.The menu is fairly varied and seem to stock Thai classics and did not have a "touristy" flavor.  We had the green curry, garlic pork and flat noodle chicken.  Each dish was $10 with a couple of bucks for tea and an extra order of rice.  Each dish was well made and tasty with special props going to the green curry.  Most normal folk will find medium to be hot enough.  Those of you with a wax coating on your tongue can try hotter.  I appreciate the menu as you can eat budget-mindedly or get some of fancier seafood dishes, which I am probably sure will knock your socks off.The service was good, friendly and not overly intrusive.  If you like the food, be sure to tell them.  It seems like they take pride in their food.
5	i love it here.. i haven't found a thai restaurant to call home yet, but pin kaow is definitely up there with thai that i've had.. it's clean, they're friendly.. fast!  and it's really good..  just had it again tonight.. it's REAL good. try the yellow curry and seafood surprise!
4	This place is yummy! Once you walk in the atmosphere is pleasant and the service very caring. The food just rocks tasty-delicious! If you love Thai like I do this is a total must try, I am sure it will become a favorite... like how it has become mine!
5	Like others have said, you can't judge a book by its cover.  From the parking lot, this place does not look like much.  Just some dark windows and a sign.  Yet when you step through the door you are greeted by wood carvings and some pretty fancy decor.  Lovely.  The service is very nice.  They are not overly intrusive, yet you are right there when you need them.Pros:  Great look and great food.  Try the stuffed chicken wings, I did not know what to expect when I ordered this, but I was very happy with what I got. Yummy.  My gf had the chicken flat noodle and I had some satay.  Both were very tasty and generous.  Everyone there was very nice and there was not a huge fight to get seated.Cons:  I can't think of any, I really enjoyed this place.
4	One of my Favorite Thai restaurants.  I always get great food at this place and it's not just this location. I've eaten at the other 2 locations and the food is just as good.  I usually get the chilli mint noodles and yellow curry.  I have tried many other thing but stick with those as my favorite.
4	The interior is pretty and clean and the staff is nice and helpful. As for the food this place is good but not excellent. However for a casual lunch meal it was worth it. You get a spring roll, a small soup, rice/fried rice and the entree for 6.95 USD. Be aware though that the pad thai does not come with the rice. The entree size is kind of small. I usually do not eat much and it was just about right.
3	Solid.  I compare this to Archi's.  I'm not sure which is beter actually, I would probably have to do a side by side comparison.  Neither place holds a candle to Lotus of Siam ( http://tinyurl.com/l8hr9w ).I've enjoyed several solid meals here.  Massaman curry is decent, panang curry pretty good.  I like their sticky rice.Place is clean and service is friendly and helpful.
4	This place is off the hook !!! The food is great. The Tom Kah soup with chicken is excellent. The prices are reasonable and the Thai beer is even great.   This is a great place for a date.
4	We were meeting a friend here for lunch and wow, i didn't know it was a chain!  Apparently, they're almost all on Rainbow.  So is this Vegas' Noodle World? I think so. Likes:Servers' outfits are traditional Thai clothes :)Servers are friendlyFood's good; decent portionsNicely decorated, cleanQuiet atmosphere (when we went, anyway)Scale of 1-10 (for how spicy you want your food) is convenientGripes:Kinda pricey! $10 for a Pad Kee Mao!?Scale of 1-10 (for how spicy you want your food) is  inconsistent depending on the plate.Well, the likes outweigh the gripes. I'd come back for more.  :D
3	A quiet lunch with our party of three, you can help but notice the tastefully decorated interior of this restaurant.  Taking the time to ensure a nice ambiance, you know you're eating in a Thai restaurant.* Beef Jerky (one sun beef) "beef marinated in special Thai spice, dried in one sun and deep fried" ($8.95) - Presently quite nicely with a little salad and dipping sauce, The Husband is usually a big fan of this.  However, he thought it was only okay here.* Spicy Egg Plant with Fried Tofu "stir fired egg plant with Thai basil leaves in special sauce" ($9.95) - A generous portion of eggplant and tofu, I enjoyed this dish, especially with the basil flavor.* Duck Curry  "Boneless roast duck in spicy Thai curry sauce with coconut milk, tomatoes, pineapple, bamboo sheet, fresh chili and basil" ($12.95) - Although the Thai curry sauce was tasty, there wasn't too much going on with the roast duck unfortunately.  We've had better.  They offer 10 degrees of spiciness and we chose 7 for both the eggplant and duck dish, however it lacked the spiciness we were expecting and hoped for.Overall, it was an average experience at Pin Kaow 2.  Nothing really stood out that  had us wanting more.
5	This place is great. By far the best Thai food I have had in the states. Everything is very authentic and flavorful. The Pad Thai is the best dish they have followed by the delicious Crab Rangoon. Pin Kaow also has a very reasonable lunch menu, go slightly before the lunch rush or when lunch is about to end or you will have a wait. For lunch you get a spring roll, small soup and a lunch portion entree for $6.95; what a great deal!!Now if I could only find a place in Chicago with equally tasty Pad Thai. Yum
4	I really like this place, the closest thai resturant to the old house.  They have a very nice setup and it is very clean.They have an awesome dish, spicy mint duck, that I haven't found at the 3-4 other thai Resturant I frequent, and it is great!  Makes my mouth water just thinking about it..  The spicy mint chicken is a favorite dish of mine too, but they do not make theirs as hot as I request either...when I ask for thai spicy, make it hot!  It almost tastes sweet compared to some of the others I have had.  Maybe I am getting too used to thai spiciness.I would recommend the place if you are on this side of town.  It is a few bucks pricier than my other spots I frequent, but it's probably since it's on a newer/nicer side of town
5	mmm.. a hell yes for pin kaow 2.. double plus for being in our neighborhood.. kinda.seafood surprise & the yellow curry is a must.it's cleandecor is beautiful.. the waitresses and waiters are on top of things and are super friendly..very attentive!will be at the top of the list when the hubby asks where and what i want to eat..pin kaow homie.
5	my sister was majorly preggos with my nephew and we wanted to throw her a baby shower.  after a few places falling through, she mentioned a thai place that she had heard was good.  enter, pin kaow 2.they were kind enough to provide us with a section over to the side of the restaurant that was covered with a little roof and up on a platform.  15 of us fit comfortably at long tables.  they let us put up some decorations for the shower, as well as keeping our cake back in the fridge until we needed it.  the staff was very, very attentive and extremely kind.  not only that, but they had a great sense of humor!  they put up with 15 silly ladies playing stupid baby shower games and taking over a section of their restaurant brilliantly! :)we ordered a little bit of everything and all i remember is that the little bit of everything was delicious!  i love their pad thai (and i'm very particular about my pad thai) and the other ladies all raved about the variety of things they ordered.  i just have to rave about their customer service.  they really came through in a bind and went above and beyond the call.  the restaurant has great ambience, is extremely clean and just all around a pleasant experience.
4	Fantastic!  Clean, fairly priced, great service and delicious food - you could not ask for more than that in a restaurant!
5	My brother introduced my husband and I to Pin Kaow two years ago and we've been big fans since! The place brings a smile to my face. =) They put so much care and effort to make your dining experience above the rest. You get seated within minutes. The tables and booths are beautifully set up. Fresh flowers in every table. Drinks are always refilled immediately. The food always tastes fresh and flavorful. Love how they put thought into their food presentation.We almost always get either the spring rolls or the chicken satay to start off with.  You get 4 spring rolls for $4.95. They have one of the best chicken satay I have ever tasted. You get 4 large chicken sticks for $8.95. A bit pricey but well worth it!I usually get the pad see ew noodles with fried tofu. I love it! It brings a big smile to my face. We have also tried their pad thai, bbq chicken, combination fried rice, tom yum soup. All quite tasty. Their main entrees will run you between $8.95 to $17.95. They give you an option of how spicy based on a scale from 1 to 10.P.S. Pin Kaow 2 is a bit hidden from Rainbow. There is a store/building blocking the restaurant signage. You may be taken aback by the low key exterior, but you will be pleasantly surprised once you walk in.Hope this helps! Bon Apetite!
5	I've eaten here at least 20 times with friends and family. Always fresh. Great consistent service. Great tasting. Awesome atmosphere. Good prices. Everyone always leaves happy.
5	Hands down the BEST thai food I've ever had. Such a cute place too. All the ladies there were so sweet and nice. Great service. We ordered the mongolian beef, kung pao chicken, fried rice, pad see ew and tom ka kai. Flavor explosion! We asked for spice level 10 which usually isn't anywhere near spicy everywhere else we go. Pin Kaow got it right!They made sure we were never empty on beer and water. Prices are very affordable. I WILL BE BACK PIN KAOW!!!!
5	I know Thai food and am a huge fan, and this place rocks.  Perfect flavors, consistency, and spice level.  We ordered a spice level of 10 of 10, which was perfect, not too spicy.  The ambience is very calming, and the service is top notch.  It is a little bit of a drive from the strip, but totally worth it.  Will be back again for sure. One note - they have a lot of veggie options, so vegetarians rejoice!
4	This place is my second kitchen in Las Vegas. There's an extensive menu, they'll prepare it however you like, and it's never so crowded that you don't receive prompt service. Meals are cheap, but if you have some room in the budget order a Lychee Martini... the best in town!
5	If a Thai restaurant can be comfort food for two white bread Americans, this is the place. I first  tried this place almost about 3.5 years ago because the wifey worked just up the road. I had eaten Thai food before, but wasn't sold on it. After my first visit to the PK2 my mind was changed forever. I can't count how many times we've been back, but its in the 10's for sure. The service and staff are super friendly, very kind and willing to make the substitutions you want. I wasn't always a vegetarian, but they are willing to make substitutions for both my wife and I that can verge on the weird (pad thai with no meat and only broccoli as veggie for example). Having tried many Thai and Chinese places throughout Vegas, I've not found better veggie spring rolls. I only wish I could make them this good at home. My wife typically gets the Pad Thai, and I will venture out and get pretty much anything and replace the meat with tofu. I've never been treated wrong. I honestly can't think of anything negative about the PK2. Its the first Thai place I recommend, and its never let me down.
5	super authentic awesome thai food.
5	This place is pretty delicious. I've both eaten at the restaurant and picked up LOTS of to go orders. The entrees are generous enough for sharing and everything really tastes fresh. The staff, however, is what makes this place special. They are attentive at all the right times and are very kind. My To-Go orders have always been right on the money, fast, and hot. Pin-Kaow 2 has a wide variety of items on it's menu. Additonally, the level of spice is ordered on a scale of 1-10, so it is super friendly for those who do not like things very spicy. My personal favs are the Chicken Satay, Rad Nar, Pork with Chinese Broccoli, and Masaman Curry with Beef. Their Masaman is sooooo good I can literally drink it- and I have. They even have mogolian beef and kung pao (which I associate with Chinese food) but they have fresh tasting twist and are equally as yummy for those not so adventurous diners. If you are looking for some solid Thai food in Vegas Pin Kaow 2 is worth the trip.
4	I have known this restaurant ever since they opened the first one in the Northwest. All their restaurant have excellent food and outstanding services. I love the food and their decor is fantastic. All the dishes I have tried in all 3 restanrant are of the same high quality. I highly recommend these 3 restaurants.
5	Delicious. Been going here for awhile and the food is always fantastic. Since I'm white looking, they never believe me when I want my food spiced at a 10 and always laugh when I say it. I love my food spicy so that is the only disappointment.
5	Best Pad Thai ever!  Chicken Pad Thai, Vegetable Pad Thai, Chicken Curry.  Great place to go and its fast!  My husband will go there with his co-workers (polo shirt and pants) and I've been there in jeans and a t-shirt.  You don't have to dress up to go here, which is definitely a plus.You can get the pad thai on a nice spice scale (0-10).  My husband likes spicy so he goes with an 8-9 and I'm usually at a 5-6.  Never tried anything different than the pad thai because its so good.  They have been rated Best of Las Vegas quite a few times, so you know its good!...now my mouth is watering!  haha!
5	I love Pin Kaow. A lot of my friends choose Archies, but I am die hard Pin Kaow. My favorite is the Pad See Ewe
5	Everything is SUPER good here.  So far I have tried the Pad See Ew, Mossoman Beef, Catfish Delight, Pad Thai, Spicy Eggplant, and the mango and sweet rice dessert.  Everything is good, good quality food.  You have the option to make things spicy between 1 and 10.  We always get 5 because the people I normally eat with can't handle spicy. But I would love to try spicier!I had one incident where the curry sauce for the catfish delight was too thick but maybe it was just an off day for the staff or something.But all in all, always a good experience, good customer service, and again, GREAT FOOD!This is by far my most favoritest Thai Food in Las Vegas!  Try it now!
5	My husband and I first visited the one on Eastern in Henderson. Of course we fell in love. Imagine our surprise to find one right down the street off of S. Rainbow! The waitresses here are so nice and accommodating. I've never had a bad experience! The food is phenomenal! I usually go with the chicken and broccoli dish and get a spicy level 2. Never failed on that one. My husband loves their mint beef and loves it spicy. They don't kid around and by the end of most meals, his eyes are watering from the spice. The atmosphere is really nice as well. There are interesting wood carvings and paintings all around the restaurant. Booths and tables are separated enough that it gives an intimate feel. Definitely a great place for a date!
2	It was alright but I've had better!
3	This place is OK. The only dislikes about this place is that the servings are pretty small. A must have is the mango with sweet rice. One thing that Archie needs to add to their menu. I prefer Archie's Thai restaurant. I would recommend this place if you are lazy to drive to Archie's.
5	My favorite Thai place, even though I've moved.The staff is always great, I really like the decor, and when they have live entertainment (usually an older couple who sing war-era classics) it is flippin phenomenal. I enjoy every entree, particularly the duck curry, and especially the pompano...it is the whole fish, eyes and all, which will turn off many.  But be a little adventurous, and just eat the body...delicious!Their beef jerky appetizer is very tasty, and the cucumber salad as excellent. They let you choose your dish's spiciness (from 1 to 10), and are consistent and predictable with those ratings.  For instance, I like a LITTLE spice, just enough to enhance the flavor, and I usually order a 3.  Perfect every time.Dessert: sticky rice and coconut ice cream. Delightful. They have other locations...N. Rainbow, and one on Eastern, I think?  I like them as well, but for some reason, this location is my top choice.
5	My absolute favorite thai place in Vegas! I am very particular about my vegetable pad thai and Pin Kaow 2 does not disappoint. Found this place based on Yelp reviews, and they did not steer me wrong. Consistent favorites:-pad thai (level 10 spicyness...yes I love spicy)-chicken soup-spring rolls
3	i am a fan of thai food, but this place was pretty average to me. maybe i have been spoiled in nyc. i saw this place won an award for "best of las vegas" one year and decided to give it a try on a date. i had one of my favorite dishes, beef pad see ew, and found it pretty average. it lacked the veggies and was mostly noodle sadly. the meat was pretty chewy. the boy had pad thai and i found that very sweet. i would say to make the drive to archis thai.
4	Hell curry and Massaman Curry were fairly good here, though I was disappointed in the heat levels (waaay too mild).  The extra red pepper on the side was some consolation, but come on this is Thai food - if you order it high on the ten point scale it should be hot.  Another case where the mild foot eaters ruin it for the rest of us by returning entrees that are too hot.  Service was friendly and the decor was welcoming, and I can't really complain about the prices.  Can't wait to hit Pin Kaow on my next Vegas trip.
5	My family and i love this place... the staff is great and friendly and the food is yummy... I love the yellow curry and pork fried rice!! You must check it out!!
4	By far my favorite Thai place! The service is awesome and the food is so delicious! I had the Thai BBQ Chicken at a spice level of 7 for everything my first time visiting. Now I go all the way to 10 trying all their noodles. SOOO GOOD.I definitely recommend trying this place out!!
4	Solid Thai food.  Quite so, I must say.I enjoyed an order of pad thai, hot and an order of sweet sticky rice with coconut milk.  I really enjoyed the pad thai, great blend of flavors in this Thai food standby.I liked the warm atmosphere and the service was very attentive.They pay attention to the presentation of the food as well as the taste and it was an overall enjoyable experience.I would go back.
3	The service here is good. Their prices are a little higher and the food about the same or little less than for instance archi's or lotus of siam, but with several convenient locations it definately works if youre in the area, and craving some thai food. The tom ka kai and tiger beef are notable successes.
4	Excellent Pad Thai, very pleasant atmosphere, prompt and friendly service. Even though the Pad Thai is probably one of their most frequently ordered dishes it was piping hot and the vegetables were fresh. Their menu is pretty large and can accommodate a range of tastes within Thai food. When in Vegas I will most certainly make efforts to repeat here and to try as many other dishes as they have.
3	What this town is lacking in Mexican, Indian and Chinese cuisine, it more than makes up for Thai!!! We have so many fantastic Thai restaurants to choose from.The spice levels are definitely a lot more toned down here than most other places in town, so if you might want to go up a few notches than you're used to, just in case. A 5 at Archi's, would likely be a 6 or 7 here... The spicy trout and pad thai were pretty good. They have solid curries, so I'd definitely recommend any of those, aside from the duck.  I just wasn't feeling the duck curry. The chicken satay is a bit dry, but I always end up with mee krob. Not the best Thai in town, but it'll do in a pinch. For the price, I'd prefer to go to Archi's which is much cheaper or Komol which is much yummier.
2	There are a few basic Thai dishes that I use as a barometer for how a kitchen's output aligns with my palate, and I had two of those bellwether dishes at Pin Kaow.I really wanted to like this place, given how (relatively) close it is to my house in BFE southwest Vegas, but meh. This was my second visit, and it was mediocre at best, again.Chili fried rice is a staple of my Thai diet, a capsaicin-loaded serving of wintertime comfort food. And I amp up the spice level on every Thai dish I order. As Pin Kaow uses a 1-10 scale, I emphasized in my order that I wanted it a 10, as spicy as possible, again and again, trying to avoid the dreaded "gringo 10."Unfortunately, the spice level of my chili fried rice would have maybe been a 6 or 7, tops, at Lotus of Siam. There were no dried red chilis. There were no green, orange and red birdseye chilis. What was their idea of 10 out of 10 spicy? Crushed red pepper. I can get that at Pizza Hut! I order Thai food to get a spice rush, and this gave me nothing.Even worse, the dish was seasoned awkwardly, dominated by egg (what is this, Chinese food?) and overwhelmingly by fish sauce. Balance is an essential part of Thai cuisine, and this dish missed by a mile.Unfortunately, my second go-to, panang curry with chicken, was no better. Again, I ordered a 10-out-of-10 spicy and what I was served was no spicier than a liberally seasoned pizza. There were no discernible flavors whatsoever in the curry. The vegetables were fresh and the chicken was cooked just right, but the curry itself was simply tasteless.When I checked in on Foursquare here, I noted that my presence was only by virtue of Lotus of Siam being closed for weekend lunch. In the future, I'll just wait for dinnertime.
4	Went back yet again and had the chicken satay (***), the spring rolls (****), and the Pad See Ew (****). By far the best pad see ew I've had as it wasn't smothered in gravy so you could actually taste everything.
4	This is the best Thai for me in LV.  I have visited about  8 -10 others, so I have done my homework.  Everything is zesty and exciting.Only con is that their waitress is kind of weird: they would just come to the table and take away your dish if you don't keep nibbling on it, without ask, never!  One of my friends was bothered 6 times, even after he clearly told the waitress that he was still eating, and he wanted to take his time!
2	I was really looking forward to eating at this location and I was really disappointed.  I ordered the Tom Kha with shrimp, black bean scallops, and  thai ice tea. I ordered the Tom Kha "pet pet" and it was not spicy at all! It was probably a 4 on a scale of 1-10. I also found it to be watery and not nearly as good as its variations at  other thai restaurants in the city.  The black bean scallops were rubbery and the sauce didn't add much to the dish.  The service was also minimal, we waited 15 minutes for a waitress to come by our table so we could order additional rice.  I'd suggest skipping this place and spending your thai food money elsewhere.
4	This is a staple in my restaurant adventures. The staff are very friendly and warm from start to finish . My hubby chose the fish cakes for the appetizer , I was not a fan just because I am not the biggest fan of fish. I did try a sample to give it a chance.The texture for me was a turn off but I am sure for fish fans it is a good choice, as my husband seemed to like it. ;) I had the chicken pad Thai , it is my favorite here. The servings are great portions. You can order spice level 1-10, I like a 4 sometimes to savor the sweeter side of the dish. I really should try a new dish but it's hard to stray from this local fave. They have a full bar with a relaxing ambiance. Must try this Thai !
4	Good food that won't break your bank. I love my food spicy, especially Thai food. And when I say 9 as a heat level, they don't roll their eyes and question my insanity (Unlike a recent visit to China Mama). Just give me what I order. On cold winter nights, I love their Tom-Yum-Kai with shrimp (chicken is dry in my opinion). A flavorful lemon grass soup with shrimp, mushrooms, and peppers. Served in this cool pot with flames spewing out of the center, it keeps your soup warm throughout the meal.Papaya salad (I get it without the nuts 'cos I'm allergic) is great too. It's fresh, fishy (in a good way), and spicy. All attributes that it should have. Satay chicken and pork is savory and tender. Besides the delicious food, attention was paid to the interior decor. Clad in dark wood panels and great lighting, the atmosphere is great to take your bff or loved one out to dinner. Service was attentive and friendly. And they greeted once we got inside. Overall, one of my favorite thai places in Las Vegas.
2	I love the food here. I always have the chicken wraps, yummy and chicken and mixed veg. Spicy level 10. I haven't really tried anything else. The service is really good. Almost too good. They keep trying to clear everything away before you are done. The only thing I can say is the last 2 times we tried to eat here there was a rotten egg sewer smell. I left both times. I won't eat here again because of that. I think they probably need to clean the drains behind the bar.
4	This place is my favorite Thai restaurant aside from Lotus of Siam. The green curry and Panang curry is so good! And Tom Kha Kai is amazing.
5	This place is the best!!!! Went here with my boyfriend had the yellow curry with potatoes and chicken, the xtra hot curry! So good! Also I hear they have great lunch specials
2	We were lured in by the big "Best of Las Vegas" banner and left disappointed. Was the award was given to the original Pin Kaow? The food was mediocre at best and some dishes seemed closer to bad Chinese than authentic Thai. Service was prompt but a bit inexperienced.Unfortunately our second and third visits did not change our opinion of the place.
4	This place is one of my favorite Thai restaurants in Las Vegas. The Panang curry is so good (even my husband who is not a fan of curry loves it)! And their Tom Kha Kai is amazing. Other favorites are the fried rice and Pad See Ew with beef. The service is prompt and friendly.
5	Best Pad Thai either me or my wife have ever had. Crunchy sprouts, spicy noodles, and wonderful tamarind and peanut sauce!Unassuming store front, but worth the 15 minute drive from I-15.
4	What a wonderful find.Great food, sticky rice in the shape of a heart and a girl named Basil.Goin' back to Vegas this summer. Can't wait to try it again.
4	good service during a late lunch. Food was good, and heat level was spot on. good portions. the meat is clearly cooked on the side, then mixed into whatever dish you order, so the meat can be blad or had an odd flavor. Still good, and would put it on my short list of thai spots...there are TONS of thai places here
4	Food was really good. My boyfriend and I had the pad thai and spicy mint beef. I would definitely visit again.
1	Worse thai food experience EVER!! I ordered dinner to go and it was horrible!! Had the Beef Panang & Catfish Delight.  First, the Beef Panang - I literally counted 4 very small pieces of beef in the panange.  The beef was overcooked and tough.  Plus, I ordered it spicy - when they asked me how spicy I said from a scale of 1-10, I want a 10.  It barely registered a 2!!  The sauce totally sucked!  Now on to the Catfish Delight - for $12.95, you would expect at least enough pieces to make up 1/2 a fillet.  There were only 5 or 6 very small pieces in the order.  The catfish WAS NOT crispy at all even though the menu says its "deep fried".  The catfish was rubbery and tasted more like it was battered and cooked in the microwave than a deep fryer.  The sauce was served on the side and AGAIN, they screwed that up.  I asked for "spicy" (10) and it had zero kick to it.  WTF?!?! The only thing they got right was the steamed rice....and you have to be pretty lame to screw up steamed rice.  If there were a ZERO star rating, this place would have received one from me. I know Pin Kaow has a great reputation for Thai food.  Unfortunately, my dining experience was really bad.  BE WARNED if you choose to dine here!!  If you want really good Thai - go to Lotus of Siam....I've never had a bad meal there.
2	It's ok Thai in a pinch for ginger and spice. Service is slipping and for god's sake could you get some appetizers that aren't fried?!?!
5	BEST Thai Food in Vegas!! Yes it's that good.I've been here at least ten times and every time has been better than the first!My new fav is the spicy mint beef.  Think of Thai taco meat.  Nice!Service is also A+ every time!
4	Decided to order some carry out for Father's Day - they said it'd be between 40 -60 minutes for delivery and was pleasantly surprised when it arrived in 20 :)I wanted to order the thai beef salad but I remember there's not much of a salad to it so I ordered the cucumbers instead.  Glad they put the sauce on the side as I like mine very sparse.We ordered chicken masaman with extra chicken as their curry dishes are sparse in the meats but was surprised it was $5 extra.  Archies only charges a couple bucks.  I asked how much extra chicken it would be and all she offer as an explaination was "one more scoop."  When we got the order I realized that the "scooper" must've been pretty small.We also order the mint beef which is always fantastic.Lastly we got the chicken pad se ew.  The chicken was surprisingly dry but the noodles and chinese broccoli were fresh.  PLUS when I looked at the pictures online posted the broccoli was very sparse but ours we got plenty - unfortunately, we had already eaten a bunch so it was too late for a picture.... :(
4	Tofu Pad Thai yum. Some crazy good soup which I can't remember the name of Tom Thai Goon or something.  Chicken in the fried rice was a little dry.. maybe stay away from the chicken dishes. :)
5	What's not to like? The food is always excellent and consistent. Prices are extremely reasonable. The menu is diverse. The location is clean and maintained. The staff is friendly and courteous. I don't have one negative thing to say about this place and that's rare for me. My favorites: chicken pad thai, chicken yellow curry, combination fried rice.
4	We were here last night for dinner after I took my dead iphone (a swim at Encore Bech club on Monday took its life) over to spring mountain in hopes of a resurrection. Decided to drown my sorrows in some Garlic Chicken. Being new to Las Vegas as a native, on the prowl for good thai food - specifically Garlic Chicken (because I dont know how to make it at home) we were really not sure where to go. Our route home is Rainbow and we have had a lot of good luck with the joints in this area (Oyshi, Soyo, Bamboo) and thought we would give this a go. Well long story short, the cream cheese shrimp tempura is awesome (although something in there besides cream cheese and shrimp might have made it a little better) and the garlic chicken was pretty darn good. So, I would say for being close to home and being a pretty darn good place to eat, we will definitely be back.
2	Why did i? Now I regret even trying this place where my favorite Archis has never failed me in last 4 yrs I've been here in Vegas. Just bc pin kwao is closer, I was tempted to give it a try. Pin kwao's pad see eww was so bland, even w some burnt taste. Panang curry was also disappointing. Their chicken had that "unfreshy" smell to it. :( So, it'll be a good-bye at first "taste" for me for this place...
4	Great authentic Thai cuisine.  The atmosphere is great and price is reasonable.
5	Good Thai that allows you to substitute tofu in any dish (steamed or fried)...My personal favorite is the Cashew Nut Tofu!!
3	The food is here good but I gave it 3 starts because for Thai food the prices are so expensive. I've had Thai food from back home which is in Rhode Island and I have never payed $10 for a plate of noodles or $13 for fried rice. The food is just as good and actually even better and the portions are bigger! People think the prices are fair but that's probably because they don't know any better. My grandma owns a Thai restaurant in North Carolina and her prices are fair and at Pin Kaow it definitely isn't.Another reason I gave it only 3 stars is because when a friend and I ordered the suki-yaki noodle dish they gave us very little noodles. Literally in 4-5 bites it would be gone! We requested extra noodles and wanted to charge us $2 each! Seriously?!? When my mom makes suki-yaki at home the bean thread noodles only cost 99 cents a bag which is good enough to feed 4 people! They are pretty cheap when it comes to certain dishes that come w/ "chicken & shrimp" because they'll give you a bunch of chicken meat and 2 pieces of shrimp especially in the pineapple friend rice. The beef and chicken satays under appetizers are really good but $10 for 4 sticks is pretty expensive. Most of the appetizers cost the same as an entree but the portions are smaller so that doesn't seem fair. Again I guess it's because I grew up eating a lot of this food as a kid and I know how much they are really worth. The food here is so Americanized and I guess most Thai restaurants in Vegas are Americanized even Archis which really sucks because everything tastes better authentic.Basically when it comes down to it the majority of the food is good but some of these prices are ridiculous and they are just cheap when it comes to certain items on the menu especially with shrimp.
5	Frequent diner, first time reviewer.I love Pin Kaow. It's authentic, delicious and close to my house.
4	Overall, pretty good.  Atmosphere is good, service is really friendly and fast, and the menu is diverse enough to be interesting.  I found the curry was well seasoned with plenty of spice.  The satay is very good - peanut sauce and cucumbers were very well done.  You can get 3 types of satay (chicken, pork, and beef) which are all tasty.  I did find the vegetables a bit undercooked and the combination rice lacked a little flavor.
5	We went back because friends insisted on going here. I was apprehensive, but went inside. I told my DH that if it smells I am not staying. Yay! They got rid of the horrible drain smell. I love the food and the great service. But refuse to eat anywhere that smells bad.  Hopefully, they will keep it up. I love this place again.
5	Great food, friendly pleasant staff, quiet, calm setting and they deliver !
4	I love this location as much as the first.  The food is always fantastic and they have great lunch specials.  I love the decor inside, they had a little more room to make this place unique.  The service is great and they are always consistent, every experience is as amazing as the first visit.
5	I used to frequent the Pin Kaow on Rainbow when I first moved to Las Vegas.  I remember it had 3 booths, 1 waiter/owner and a cook.  The quality was excellent then and it has carried over to the small chain of Pin Kaow's now.  This restaurant is clean, quiet and has a soothing atmosphere.  The best beef satay and peanut sauce... ever!  Excellent tom ka kai with big pieces of white meat chicken.  Chicken pad thai that I dream about.  The menu has a nice variety of Thai specialties.  The best I can say is that Pin Kaow has never disappointed me, always makes me happy and satisfies my Thai cravings.
4	Very Good Food.  Very Good Service.  Had Chicken Pad thai good flavor.  Friend had Pranag Curry chicken was very good.  Go now and eat.
4	This is definitely my favorite Thai Restaurant other than my own mother. Being Thai I know what good Thai food is and this is as close as your going to get to authentic Thai food. Service: is incredible, not pushy yet they check up on you frequently enough to make sure your glass of water is more than half full. Food: is amazing, if your looking for Asian spices this is the place to go, everything is so flavorful nothing is bland nor dull.  Location: I love the fact that they have many locations and Southwest is definitely the closes to me, I really appreciate the look inside the restaurant. I've noticed a lot of Thai restaurants don't really emphasize on looks but definitely inside Pin Kaow makes you feel like your in Thailand. Prices: are okay thus why I gave a 4/5. The dishes are a little over priced but it is a little bit more of an upscale Thai restaurant more than others.
4	I came here for lunch with Donald the other day. I hadn't had Thai food for about a month and this place really hit the spot. We ordered Panang Curry ($9.95), Chicken Pad Thai ($9.95), and Thai Iced Coffee. They had lunch specials when we went, but we decided to go with a la carte so we could share. Everything came out very quickly. The Thai Iced Coffee wasn't overly sweet and it had just the right amount of caffeine to get me through the rest of the day. The Panang Curry was delicious and had a very nice presentation. I seriously poured the curry all over my rice AND on my Pad Thai because it was so good. I don't know if it was because I hadn't had Pad Thai in a month, but it was heavenly. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the sprouts and peanuts were nice and crunchy. Since this place is so close to my house, this will be my go-to spot for some Panang Curry and Thai lunch specials from now on. Tips*This place has lots of specialty cocktails ranging from $6.95 - $10:  Buddhatini, Ginger Martini, Sabai Sabai,  Thai Smile, and Mae-Khong "Thai" Me-Up to name a few...*Lunch specials from 11am-3pm Monday thru Friday (except holidays)
3	Wham Bam Thank you ma'am!  Git er done!  Fast, efficient, and yummy.  They're so close that I could walk there from my house, but I never do.  Did I mention that they also deliver?  The flavors are great and the spicy scale is pretty accurate.  I stick to the shrimp, tofu, duck, or scallops because the beef and chicken are a bit more inflexible than I lust for when falling victim to a down and dirty Thai quickie.  My go to staples are the Wor Wonton Soup, which comes loaded with a generous helping of wontons, a nice variety of meats, and plenty of yummy bok choi that's not overcooked.  Me no likey the soggy bok choi.  Love the chili mint noodles with shrimp cooked at #4.  The Thai BBQ Chicken is delish, which is much more tender than the chicken used in the soup & noodle dishes.  Also the best value on the menu as you get 1/2 a chicken for $10, which is surprising when the Wor Wonton Soup is $11.Cozy & inviting decor with warm colors and rich wood panels throughout.  Perfectly satisfying little SW neighborhood date spot For convenience they are 5 star all the way, however they are a 3 because of the pricing inconsistency and the tough chicken & beef.
3	After a $50 cab ride from the Venetian. . .We arrived here. . . its said 2 be the best Thai food.It was alright. . .the great thing abt this restaraunt was the service, it was fast.We ordered 2 of each, since our party was 8 ppl. . .the restaraunt wasn't busy @ all. . .Its located in a strip mall.It was decent.  I've had better. Thanks for the amazing service!We ate here around 2pm on a sunday.
4	Love it.  Food is pretty much the same as their location on Eastern (quality).  Eastern, in my opinion, has a nicer atmosphere... but this location is closer to my house so it's our go to Thai spot.  Service is always super friendly too (never a bad experience - so far.)My favs include:* Pad Thai - Not too saucy, not too dry.  Perfectly cooked noodles all the time and great flavor!* Spicy Eggplant - Best I ever had!* Chicken Yellow Curry - I love Thai yellow curry.  I've tried it everywhere and Pin Kaow's is definitely at the top of my list.  They don't mess around with random veggies like carrots and onions.  Its just chicken, potatoes, and curry.  And its AWESOME.  Good consistency and flavor.  In fact, I like to take home the left over sauce to put over rice.  Then I just eat it like that!  Sauce and rice.  Lol!* Mint Chicken - I think this is what they call Pad Ka Pow here.  It's the ground meat with basil flavor.  Pretty good!* Pad see ewe - Always good.  I like it with beef or chicken.Be aware that their "medium" can still be a little spicy for some (IMO)!  If you're sensitive, ask for mild (which still has a slight kick to it as well!)  Their portions aren't huge either (quality over quantity), so if you're with a large group, we tend to double up on the dishes that everyone likes.  Pin Kaow is def my favorite Thai joint in Vegas.  Try it out!
4	The food doesn't remind me of the food that I eat in Thailand (less exotic-bigger portions-more sauce) but it is always tasty.
3	I'm not sure how to rate this one. Food is fantastic.  My complaint is I ordered beef curry. I do not eat rice, so asked for a small side of steamed vegetables. They said no substitutions and to get them I had to order a whole vegetable dinner. I didn't expect it free, but come on I only wanted a tiny bit. Maybe, $3 extra seems fair to me. So I ordered and paid $14 for curry and $10.95 for the veggies. They got me for $10.95, but now I will never return. Doesn't make much business sense. We eat there at least once per week. The husband wanted pineapple fried rice but leave out the shrimp. He's allergic. They called no substitution on that too. That's just leaving out an item that saves them money???? Confused on that for sure. We should have just left and went to Jenny Pho next door.
3	Ordered their fried tofu panang and fried tofu fried rice and it was just fine I found my tofu a little dry. Not sure if this is the Thai restaurant I have ordered to go before, probably is (I usually ask my husband to pick it up on his way home) and just map it from my ph, before I was yelping like a crazy person;)The food is fine, I guess I'm just not a huge Thai food fan and just eat it occasionally when I'm bored from everything else. I was definitely not blown away is what I'm trying to say!
3	Until now my deepest exploration into Thai food, has been Pad Thai, which I like but I was excited to try some other dishes.I love the decor inside and out.  The staff was quick, friendly and helpful. The prices were a tad high for the quantity of food, but it was well made in a comfortable, clean restaurant. My husband isn't a fan of most seafood so we decided to go the way of meat. So upon perusing all my fellow Yelpers reviews, we decided to get...Appetizer of Spring Rolls...which we both liked, much better than some places we've tried, not at all greasy. (5$ for 4 small rolls)Chicken Panang Curry (#6 heat) comes with side of rice, it was perfect, we both liked it and ate every bite.Beef Pad See Ewe (#7 heat)...not enough beef, #7 was a tad spicy for me, wish we would've gotten a 6 other than the heat I really liked it, the hubby didn't feel the same love as I did, he thought the noodles were weird and slimy, I loved the noodles. He doesn't do well with texture changes in food though.Dessert was a dish of Coconut Ice Cream which was yummy, perfect end to the meal.I would go back again and try some other dishes. It's in my neck of the woods so its convenient as well.
5	Get service everyone is attentive and friendly .....nice atmosphere ...ordered pad thai and tom kha soup the pad thai is really good I have had better tom kha in town but overall its great
5	One of the Top places I go for Great Thai food in Vegas. The place nice, dark & intimate. Staff was friendly & quick.  The dishes I get tie all the aroma filled flavors in nicely!My Favorites: Pad See Ew BeefChinese Broccoli with Crispy PorkYellow Curry Chicken
4	It was actually kind of hard to spot the place at night not a lot of light but there's a big water pot, I believe, outside in front and at the end of the building.  Next to the future Church's Chickens and across the street from Von's.My picture shows what we ate.  There was actually more food in our plates but before I could snap a shot my parents had already attacked the plates. LOLChow Mein with Chicken was OK.  Nothing special but not bad just OK.Black Bean Shrimp was really good. Sauteed shrimp, onion, baby corn, green bell peppers, mushrooms all in their black been sauce. OOH YEAH!!!I love curry I'm no expert but the Masaman Curry with pork, potatoes, and coconut milk was very very delicious. I didn't have to pick out partially cooked veggies like another curry place I've been to.Spicy Egg Plant with Chicken was really good. Lots of large tasty pieces of egg plant and chicken.  Looked the special sauce.The Po-Tak soup which was some mix of seafood and lemongrass soup was pretty good, a bit pricey $15.95. It was served in a metal container with flames coming out from the center, visually appealing and it also kept the soup hot. There were mussels, mushrooms, and some other seafood pieces.The only thing I would recommend is not ordering the stuffed chicken wings. For the price $8.95 you get two stuffed chicken wings with some garnish, you could pay the same price for the entire entree dish with rice. The chicken wasn't that good too.I like all of their decorations throughout the restaurant, very nice. It looked like there was only one small TV and hard to see from the dinning area.Customer service was good.  Only bad part was that when one of the persons from my party came a few minutes after we sat it took a long time for them to come by. But other then that it was good.
4	Good menu selection, a nice (though expensive) drink selection, a stable group of people offering consistent quality Thai cuisine.The food is always prepared with care and the staff are always attentive.This restaurant is capable of hosting large groups with a little advance notice, and is suitable for parties, reunions, rehearsal dinners and other celebrations involving groups of people up to 16 or 20.Good lunch specials.
3	I've been here a few times and got a pretty good feel of the menu and the most popular Thai dishes.  Frankly, for the price and the quality, I've had better.  I've tried a handful of Thai restaurants in the area and I would have to say that the atmosphere here is really relaxed and inviting.  It has a nice Asian homey feeling.  Service was extremely attentive and really friendly.  With the spice level we took, she made sure our waters were never half way.  I like how the waitresses are dressed too, it really fit the restaurant!^that review has been sitting for a while.  Update.  The Filipino woman was kind of rude, didn't like her very much.  We had the coconut soup with shrimp, duck curry, and brown rice.  When they brought out the food, we had a serving of brown and white rice.  Told them we didn't order white rice, but apparently it came with the duck. Told her we didn't need it, and if I could just substitute for the brown that i ordered and she said "the white rice is extra/free, just take it home." wtf? Thanks for not telling me my meal already came with rice!!! I didn't need that much; it went in the garbage.  The food was good, but it sent me straight to the bathroom upon leaving.  Doubt I'll be back anytime soon.  Suggestions on new Thai restaurants around the southwest area will be greatly appreciated!
5	my local thai place....i usually get pad thai and massaman curry
3	Well, here we go.Liked the Pad Thai... liked the sparkling raspberry something tea.What I didn't like was no water refill, or an offer to refill my tea. Iwas left feeling like 10 cents waiting for change.It seemed to me that when we ordered only pad Thai and tea's, wewere put into a catagory (cheap) and therefore would probably leavea minimal tip. So we got minimal effort on our waitress ' part.The tab came to just under $30. Ice tea's, pad thai - I left her $6 tip.
2	Ordered delivery a couple days ago.  Prices are relatively fair, but so was the food.  Chose the duck curry after somebody on here called it "fantastic."  I'm guessing they either ate in the restaurant, or misused the word.  Regardless, it was okay.  Also tried the silver noodle soup and the chicken fried rice.  Both were very average.  Nothing to really complain about, but this place is far from great.   Highly recommend just going a couple blocks down the street and picking up from Archi's.  I also thought that perhaps if I tried Ping Kaow before Archi's, I might see this place differently.   Lastly, I would've given this place 2.5 stars, but, it's not at option.  G'day mateys!
1	I was excited to try this place because the reviews were so good! Well I was terribly disappointed. I got the Rad Na, which is usually one of my favorites. Here it was just a big mistake. The noodles were so limp. Usually they are pan fried and have a little crisp to them. These were mushy and fell apart as soon as they hit my mouth. They had almost a slimy texture to them. The chicken was bland and tough. WAY overcooked. The chinese brocolli was undercooked and practically raw. The gravy had a very sticky consistency to it and the whole dish looked terribly unappetizing. The service was incredibly overbearing. I think about 6 people waited on me. Every 2 minutes someone was at my table. They tried to push a dessert on me and didn't offer any apology when I told them I didn't like the dish. I was very disappointed since I had heard so many good things. Oh well. I'll stick with Lemon Grass for Thai!
4	Good food! Be warned I said 3 on spicey and I was dying.. what the hell is a 10?!?!I am a mild Guy. Hate spicy but that was killer. Been there 3 times. I never go back if it sucked. Its nice looking inside as well...
3	First time going here with my parents and I was immediately loving the atmosphere! It's a little dim in there, but the Thai decor and overall feeling of the place is authentic.Suggestions: Try their Pumpkin Curry! It sounds weird, but you don't even have to love pumpkin to love it. It's a creamy, slightly sweet orange curry with generous blocks of semi-soft pumpkin. The pumpkin itself tastes like squash, without that overwhelming "pumpkin flavor" that you'd expect. Their fried rice is also pretty good, and as expected of Thai fried rice, very aromatic and slightly sweet in taste.I love the fact that you pick what meat you want in each dish (chicken, beef or pork, seafood at extra cost) and can have the spicy level customized for each dish from 1-10 (10 being the hottest, of course).
4	Love Thai food. I like going here and Archies Bistro to get my spicy food fix. Got the Spicy Thai basil with pork and my g/f got the Mongolian chicken. We also ordered a bowl of wonton soup and small cucumber salad. Everything was very flavorful and a good size. The only gripe i have is that they are way too eager with cleaning.They took a full bowl of soup off the table cause the entrees came!!!!!! Seriously!!!!!! Other then that this place rocks
5	I will have to confess something... After eating at pinkaow, I realized I have never really eaten REAL Thai food until I came to this place. Wow. I mean the flavor of each dishes my party ordered was deep with flavor and spices. I honestly can't add anything more because this place is really THAT good. A friend of mine already mentioned that Pinkaow is one of the authentic Thai places around town and now I know why. I dont think I have to be Thai to acknowledge the difference of "Americanized" versions from the real deal. Thank you Tida :)
3	I order delivery from this restaurant almost once a week. The food here isn't great by any means, but it is very convenient since they are so close and they also deliver. Everything tastes very generic, but will satiate the appetite if Thai is what you are craving. If you want your food spicy, order it 2 stars more than what you normally get. I order a spicy level 8 and is not nearly spicy enough. If you order delivery and you have any custom requests, make sure you emphasize it. I am allergic to shrimp and they have added shrimp tto my tom yum chicken soup on more than one occasion. So some reviews on menu items:Tom yum = 3 star: It is good. Not to sour, not too sweet and they use the delicious straw mushrooms and not the cheap button mushrooms. Curries = 4 star: I would say the curries are their best dishes. They are a little bit thinner in consistency but not overly sweet. The yellow and red are my favorites. Beef noodle soup = 3.5 star: It is a little above average, but nowhere near as great as some of the other soups I have had. I order it with the wide flat rice noodles instead of the smaller noodles since the smaller noodles have the tendency to get soggy really quick and then break to many small pieces while I am eating it. Good broth.Thai fried rice = 3 star: Meh..nothing specialSpicy basil noodle = 3.75 star: A litte on the sweet side and they are rather delicious, but once again, I have had way better. Chicken chow mein = 2 star: This is a weird dish to eat at a thai restaurant, I know, but since trying the chow mein at Komol, I have been on the prowl for a thai chow mein that will rival. I have yet to find such a chow mein. Thai beef salad = 2 star: Don't even bother at this restaurant. Such a disappointment. The dressing was bad. The portion size was awful. Lettuce was in leaf form (not cut) and VERY soggy (no crunch).Pad Thai = 2 star: It was so very bland. It tasted like rice noodles, chicken, and bean sprout with a HINT of peanut and thai-ness. I have been to Pin Kaow 1 near Lake Mead and Rainbow and their food is definitely much better than at this location.
1	I used to love this place- REALLY love this place, but will never return because of my latest experience. I absolutely love their green curry and order it every time. However, my last dining experience was horrible! The waitress wasn't very friendly, which I don't really mind because I'm there for the curry not the experience. I get my curry and find a hair in it! Gross, but I love the curry so much, I ask for another serving. Get that dish, eat it a bit, and find another hair! I told the manager and she looked around in the dish as if she didn't believe me. She was very apologetic and comped my meal, but I will never eat there again. The thought that there were two hairs swimming around in their pot of curry or the thought that they may have just taken my original dish and transferred it into another dish appalls me. I love their food, but I'm too grossed out to eat there.
2	I've been going to this restaurant for about two years now, and I used to be pleased with the food and service. However, the last three times I've been the food has been less than stellar. I usually order the Pad Thai lunch special. In the past it was full of flavor and absolutely delicious. I ordered the same thing yesterday and it was on the verge of awfulness. There was little to no flavor, almost as if they forgot seasoning all together. Yesterday was my final visit to Pin Kaow. I'll be driving up the street to Archie's where there is more consistency with the food and the portions are bigger.
3	Another Thai surprise. I did have the Som Tum and it was just OK. They used string beans instead of long beans. The dressing was not balanced enough for my taste. It could have used less lime and more fish sauce. A pretty decent curry, nice green tea. Definitely an OK place
2	Came here for a weeknight dining with my family.  There were not a lot of tables, but towards the end of dinner, the waitress kept rushing us to finish.  She came 3 times in 10  minutes to ask if we were done eating yet.  She brought out the check before we ate our dessert.  Overall this place is clean, service is mediocre, and pretty much the run of the mill type of Thai food.  The only dish I liked was the Larb Salad...just make sure to ask for more cabbage, they are pretty stingy.
5	Mmm so good! Just moved down the street and this is one of our new spots! The crab ragoons are DEliscious!! Restaurant is always very clean and has beautiful decor. Good energy in this restaurant. If you are a fan of Thai food I highly recommend this place!!
2	Wasn't impressed. Food was extremely bland. Scallops were very rubbery and unedible. Shrimp were not deveined. Beef was gritty. Very small portions for the price. What flavor that was there was good, but was near non-existant. Thai is supposed to be popping with fresh vibrant flavors, and Pin Kaow 2 fails miserably. Service was acceptable, neither great nor poor.Party of 6 Ordered items:Sa Tay, One Sun Beef, Pot Stickers, Mongolian Beef, Basil Duck, Ginger Scallops, Tom Ka Koong Soup, Black Bean Shrimp & Yellow Curry Pork.
4	Great place for lunch specials. Prices range from 7.95-10.95 depending on meat of choice. On this lunch occasion, we ordered the Spicy Basil dish with chicken and the Red curry with chicken - both medium spicy level. Lunch special comes with soup, egg roll, and some crunch thing (sorry, no clue what it's called- check out my pic for actual item). Both dishes were tasty & spiciness just right. Entire order was just under $20.00This location is on rainbow & warm springs. Warning - they can get pretty bush during lunch. However, our wait staff for this visit was quite attentive. Overall great lunch date & for sure we will be making a repeat visit! :)
2	I really wanted to like this place. The decor was really cool inside, it's 5 minutes from my house, and the other reviews made it sound so great. We sat down and immediately were bombarded with multiple staff members trying to push the happy hour drink specials on us. Then, I realized they have no dinner specials. I'm used to several Thai food restaurants in Los Angeles that you can get a main entree, fried or steamed rice, soup, and salad for $10-12 dollars. It isn't about the price, I'm not a cheapskate, it's about the variety that you get in a proper dinner special. Too bad for me I guess. Here if you happen to miss lunch you must order everything separately. I ordered a yellow curry with chicken which I was told came with steamed rice. I asked for a substitution of fried rice, willing to pay an extra fee, but instead was told that they have a policy of no substitutions. Burger King will make it my way for a $5 combo meal, but Pin Kaow tells me no. I then asked if the waiter could ask the manager to see if they could make an exception for me. She came over and very angrily told me the same thing and that I could order a side of fried rice for $8.$8!!! for fried rice?  I'm the owner of a small business and make exceptions for people all the time.Will not be returning or recommending.
4	Delicious pad Thai. always get this and the Thai tea  when i come here. strongly recommend it
4	The food is yummy. Great Thai food BUT its a lil pricey $$$. Very nice inside. Customer service is okay.
2	I've eaten at this place but have only ordered to go. I probably have better experience ordering to go than eating in. Today my boyfriend took my family out to eat and we came here and was not impressed whatsoever.1. The lady that took care of us seemed like a bitch...my bf and his mom is thai so they spoke to her in Thai and she seemed nicer to them and to the non asian people. 2. Lack of service after we got our food. 3. Set up was more like an american restaurant than it is an asian restuarant. What asian restaurants gives you 3 different size of plate stacked on top of each other (american style)? What asian restaurant gives you a long table for a big group of people esp when its suppose to be an asian restuarnt where people normally share dishes. So having to pass dishes over other people while they were eating was annoying as hell.4. Asking for a pot of rice is like a no no there. They look at you funny like what?! Um, did you forget this is suppose to be an asian restaurant? 5. They charge for rice and hot tea....are you FUCKING for reals? $3 for a medium pot of rice and $2 hot tea? This is so not an asian restuarant, I'm sorry.Overall food was okay, decor was traditional (more so than other americanized thai restaurants i've been to), environment and service sucked big time. This is definitely an americanized restaurant and not meant for traditional thai people or those who are expecting real GOOD thai food.
2	If it was just based on the food, I would have given it a solid 4 or 5 stars. Unfortunately their service is their crutch. Even when placing delivery orders, the staff seems to always sound and feel uninterested. Same goes for when you go in person. It almost feels like everyone hates their job. Well that's at least how they make you feel. We keep going back because of the food, but their service needs some help. Had amazing service when we used to live closer to the Northwest Pin Kaow location, but unfortunately we don't get the same TLC on this side of town.
4	We've been coming to this restaurant for nine years.  The staff has always been attentive, but recently, it seems they're understaffed.  The food is consistently excellent.  The ambience is exotic.
5	The coconut soup was fantastic!!! I mean like life changing. I can't remember the name, I thinks its like Ka Koon or something like that.We had it with shrimp and on a 6 out of 10 spice level. Yum!!I had the M... Curry which was really good too, but after the soup I was full.Definitely recommend... The curry is definitely big enough for two, so keep that in mind.
1	The food's taste is never consistent. They never follow instructions. If you ask for your food to be spicy number 8, some days it will be too spicy or for the most part it's not spicy at all. For the $$, they be able to deliver consistency in their food and make it the right way. Over priced for nothing!!!!!! Definitely not fine dinning. Even though they try to be....
5	I have been looking for some awesome Pad Thai since I moved to Vegas from the East Coast and I FINALLY found it!  This place is GREAT!  I highly recommend.  My pad thai was fresh and delish.  This will definitely be my go to pad thai restaurant.
5	The food is amazing here. The service is pretty good as well. I love eating here. I generally eat the curry dishes and catfish delight.
4	We had a pretty large group one night after climbing all day.  They were very prompt to seat us and made separate checks very easy!  Our service was great.Food was very tasty.  I love Thai food and this place was as good as my go to back home.  Everyone seemed to enjoy their dishes.  We even got dessert and that was yummy!
5	There's so many yummy Thai places I can't keep up these days. I love the customer service here, it has an americanized atmosphere because of that, but the food is still true to it's culture. By the time we finished eating and were ready for dessert, they had already run out of their mangos and sticky rice which we were so desperate to try. It was a sad moment, but just another reason to go back.
4	Thai Tea is bomb here! Restrooms are clean.
4	I thought this place was outstanding! I feel that it is one of the best Thai Restaurants in Las Vegas! It is great!  I love Thai food and they were very authentic and the food was very good! I like the atmosphere! Must go if you've never been!
5	I love Pin Kaow it's hands down the best Thai place for locals off the strip. The staff is always friendly and seems to be a very clean place. I originally went to the location on Eastern for years. Both places are the same, both great. I'm a huge curry fan so I order basically the same thing every visit.
1	Had lunch at Pin Kaow. DO NOT EAT there. The service is terrible. I went about 6 months ago with my wife and the service was poor but went today for first time with co-workers. They have us under cooked chicken appetizers - we returned them and they came back AGAIN under cooked. The manager got an attitude with me when I asked for the employee who ordered them to have his ticket removed. When the manager brought me my ticket I asked if there was someone she would like me to call if I got salmonella poisoning tonight. She said there was a special place on their website for that. "You have a specific section on your website for if people get sick after eating here?" I asked. "Yes" she replied. Classic.
3	Ok. It seems look like a traditional Thai cuisine, but the foods seems like fusion. Not that much traditional what I'm expect. But the environment, atmosphere, service are good. Can do the large group of gathering in here:) but they will serve you some free oranges after you finished the meal.
3	I really enjoyed my dinner yesterday.  We order the ribs which the first ones were very hard to chew on but the second version was alright.  We then order sticky rice and pineapple rice which were delicious.We also order Papaya salad.  I would recommend that you order everything a little more spicy than regular since a level 5 was not even spicy enough for me.  It was blah!Order the fried banana with two scoops of ice cream.  See ya
5	The food is absolutely delicious.  The price is a little higher than other good Thai restaurants however you really get every penny's worth, plus the ambiance really takes you to Thailand unlike other restaurant.  You must try and I will definitely come back!
3	Good quality Thai food in a nice location.  The atmosphere and decor inside the restaurant is really classy and clean.  My friends and I got a kick out of the lounge music CD that was playing.The food was flavorful, fresh, and delicious.  My friends said it was the best duck curry they had ever eaten.  I got the soup with seafood in it.  I was a little disappointed that there weren't more veggies in my soup - just a lot of cabbage and a FEW pieces of celery.I would've given this place 4 stars if they didn't nickel and dime you on bringing out rice to the table.  Rice is SO CHEAP and it's one of my biggest pet peeves for places that charge you extra for bringing out rice.  Especially when you are eating a dish like curry that requires rice.
5	Always super friendly at this place!!for Asian service this has to be the best in town! I eat at this place 2-4 times a month! Love love love the food! Always fast and fresh. The deco is really traditional and beautiful. The bathroom is super clean and smells good and i love the coconut scrub they have to wash your hands. Very cool! U can even buy some and i did and its great!!!!
5	Living in Mountains Edge there's very slim choices for good food. Pin Kaow has great thai food at a great price. I have tried about 10 different dishes - all great. Highly recommend their pad thai, ANY vegetable dish, and all their duck dishes are fabulous! I always get the spice at a "7", and it's consistently the same. Love this place!
5	I order from this place once a week, and I'm never disappointed. Panang Curry with fried tofu is where it's at, I get it at a 9 or 10 (spiciness) and is amaze. Crab Rangoon is great here too. Haven't found anything here I didn't like. Delivery is fast and food is always hot. :)
5	Great food at a great price. Pad Thai is comparable to Archi's Thai Bistro. Staff is always friendly.
1	I've eaten here 4 times so far and the food is very good, particularly the curry dishes.  However, the service leaves much to be desired and I do not like how they nickle and dime you for simple substitutions, hence the one star rating.On service - Every time I've gone in there I felt like they couldn't get me and my girlfriend out of there fast enough.  Honestly, we are not pushy or demanding patrons...we're not the sorts to flip out at the drop of a hat.  That being said, when we got to the restaurant, they rushed us to a table, the waitress came to us SEVERAL times while we perused the menu, and when we did order, the apps and entre were not staged.  Our entres came out immediately after we started eating our soup...that is probably my biggest pet peeve in any restaurant.  Don't bring out the entre until we're finished with our apps...especially when I specifically ask for this after having the same experience on a previous visit.  Mind you, it was not busy on these occassions...Finally, when we asked for the check the waitress came by and litterally tossed it on middle of the table as she walked by without a word...I found this beyond rude.  Again, it was not busy in the restaurant.On substitutions - I haven't asked for many in my 4 visits here but the only one I find particularly odd is rice.  Most of the curry dishes come with steamed white rice, the lady and I prefer brown rice which is usually not an issue substituting...this place charges you $3 for the brown rice.  $3 isn't going to kill anyone but in comparison to other Thai restaurants, the prices here are on the expensive side so I'm surprised there's a charge at all for this.Now, the food is really good but with the prices they charge its a shame they don't focus on service which is very lacking.
3	Good service. Ok food, kinda greazy. Delivery charged based on distance from location, which is fair, but kinda different from pizza's flat fee
1	Food is OK but not quality and quality could be better. My biggest complaint is no one ever answers the phone when trying to order take out.  Not worth the money.
1	I never write reviews but this is the last time im eating here. Service is the worst!!! First of all they dont greet you when u come in or leave. The waiters are really rude. they only come to take your order and to bring your food. After that they never came back. We had to wave them down so we could get our bill. It felt like we interrupted the waiters conversation as they were chit chatting being it wasnt busy at all. We ordered the masman curry and chicken pad thai and it was decent. Other than the nice decor there was nothing special about this place. Their service reminds me of "Dick's". Its a restaraunt where they are purposely rude, but its like the servers at pin kaow didnt even have to try.
1	I used to frequent this place alot.  Until I noticed portions got smaller and the service I got put a bad taste in my mouth.  Bad enough to tell myself never to come back.  Tonight, after about a year, I decided to give this place another try, did take out.  Thai Beef Salad:  portion was so small, felt ripped off, $8.95...tasted as I remember it to be but NOT worth it. Chicken chili fried rice:  didn't taste authentic, nothing out of the ordinary.  Another disappointment.Shrimp Tom Yum Soup:  Found a hair in the soup.  Called and spoke to the manager and she said she would give me a credit for next time.  But I'm not sure I want to go back to this place after this meal.  $35 later...so disappointing.
5	I order delivery often because it is so amazing and consistently good. One of my favorites is masaman curry and their pineapple rice.
4	Everything I've had here has been good. Some things have been phenomenal, some just good. Service is always standard but quicker than most places, staff is friendly enough. Crab rangoons are the best thing here! I would never not get these when ordering from here.Mint chili noodles were my other fav.When ordering they ask you how spicy 1-10, I ordered a 7, and couldn't taste a hint of spice so keep that in mind.Best thai food in the area for sure, and best crab rangoons possibly anywhere !
1	I used to like this place because the way they cook their food is amazingly good until the portion got really smaller. Used to be one order of fried rice is good for 3 people now one order is only for one person that's how bad the portion is. I ordered red curry and chicken pad Thai same thing the portion is really small.
3	Went for lunch special and it was so-so, the portions were extremely small (appetizer sized) not sure if it varies between regular & lunch special. The food itself was good and service was great
4	I have dined in a few times and the service is always great.  I love they offer Fiji bottled water.   I usually grab Beef Fried Rice Spicy #6 TO GO and it's always consistent and flavorful.  My last visit was the vegetable soup and an order of the vegetable fried rice.  5/5
3	This was my first visit back to Pin Kaow in several years and I still can't say that they are a favorite of mine. The restaurant is very nice looking. Large, clean and nicely decorated. We came in around noon and there were two other parties seated already. The restaurant was eerily quiet, I wish there was louder music playing to offset the awkward silence. My mom and I almost felt like we needed to whisper, it was that quiet. We ordered a chicken fried rice and basil duck to share. The rice was tasty, but it's hard to screw up fried rice. The basil duck was pretty good as well. The sauce was good, but a little lacking in substance. The flavors are a lot more subtle than I would like. Overall, Pin Kaow is just an ok dining spot in the valley.
2	I've tried all the Pin Kaow locations and they're not the same as the original on Rainbow and Lake Mead. Back about 18 yrs ago there wasn't much asian food options in Vegas. You may find a few tucked inside strip malls or by grocery stores.Well this one was in a strip type plaza, very small maybe sat 20 or so people but it was the best Thai food in that side of town (Summerlin area? it wasn't called anything then. )
2	I tried this place for the first time three months ago. My boyfriend and I decided to stop in for lunch since I've read and heard so many good reviews. However, I was very disappointed and don't understand how they're getting great reviews. LIES. Well at least I think so. Anyway, the service was bleh. I just thought to leave a note for the waitresses on the receipt that said, "You are not in complete uniform until you wear a smile." Seriously they need to learn how to crack a smile and not look like lil grumps. And at least how to greet and say thank you and all that courteous nice stuff servers do and say. Let's not forget the food. Bleh. Eh. And well maybe I wish I could forget the worst experience I had with pad thai. I ordered the lunch portion. I swear this was the MUSHIEST, WETTEST, EW pad thai I ever had. My boyfriend had the green curry. He felt it was okay. When it comes down to it, Archi's has our heart foevaahh. Sorry but we tried to expand our thai food options to include Pin Kaow....but we just can't. At least not with this location. One semi plus, however, is that they have a nice atmosphere. Unfortunately, the nice atmosphere only went as far as the decoration and music. The atmosphere could have been very nice but the servers ruined it. Hah. Hopefully this was only a one time thing. We are looking forward to giving another location a chance.
5	This restaurant deserves 5 stars for consistency, environment, and a stable group of dedicated team members. I  have come to appreciate the care and patience necessary to manage a  restaurant like this, and frankly this is a Las Vegas success story of a group of people delivering a quality a+ product as competitively as they can.Finally, the most important reason for the 5-star review is the aforementioned employees. I  really value the people that I  have been served by year after year at this fine restaurant.
5	Get the Thai tea is is sublime!  The Pad Thai is the standard, but I say go crazy, every dish is stellar.   Another great location for a premier Thai shop in Vegas for the Rainbow , 215 crowds...off rainbow down by Robindale.  Brand spankin new digs, same ole quality food and service.  Home run for the neighborhood.   5 star stuff here...and CHEAP! $21 for two for lunch....
5	Great food! Great service and very consistent. Been coming here for years and never disappointed
5	The curry chicken and lemon grass soup were great!!! Delivery was fast!!!
5	Pad Thai, pork belly dish, mango sticky rice, shrimp Tom yum are my usuals. Close to my house. Friendly service. I come here once a week.
5	Hands down the best thai I've had in vegas. Lunch prices are awesome and their specialty drinks are delicious. Staff is really nice. Chicken pad thai all day!!!
1	Normally they're really great but today's experience was awful. When they deliver food they have their hands touching the food inside of the dish. When I saw her thumb in my curry and looked at her she quickly wiped it on her apron. I'm a little grossed out. Needless to say we did not touch the curry. When we were eating I asked for a to go box for the curry and they tried to give me a used container that they had washed and it was still dirty!!!! Really guys?! On a side note, the papaya salad and chicken mint were pretty good. The rad na was okay according to my mom. She said the location on eastern was better.
3	When I lived in Las Vegas, this was the place for my favorite Crab Fried Rice.  The atmosphere is authentic Thai, dark, and quiet.  Serving size is adequate and good for take out.  The food here is comparable to Lotus of Siam:  the typical Pad Thai, Panang Curry, and etc.  The prices are getting more and more expensive though.  Plenty of parking for dining in or picking up take-out.The experience at Pin Kaow is a very traditional authentic style of Thai restaurant.
5	Oh Pin Kaow, how I love thee.The BEST Thai restaurant in Las Vegas period. Everything on the menu from appetizers, to the curry to the Thai iced tea are perfection. They know their Thai food here. Love the decor. This place is great for groups!
4	The thai tea is perfect. Very tasty and thick. The chicken larb is a little plain even at a 6 it had very little spice and I had to use additional Chile. The jasmine rice is very fresh no lumps and soft. The mango rice is to die for. Its delicious and full of flavor.....mmmmmmm
3	Definitely not the best Thai restaurant in vegas. The only good thing here is the Thai jerky. Definitely the best in town and I go here just for that. The service sucks and the pad Thai is bland. The service or lack there of is horrible.
2	The pad thai was kind of lame. The noodles just didn't have that Asian, pad thai quality that makes pad thai so deliciously unique. The noodles were all stuck together and kind of soggy (didn't even taste like rice noodles, tasted more like over-cooked, homemade  discount pasta ), and the flavor just wasn't there.Furthermore, the person on the phone tends to have poor English and charged me extra for rice I didn't order. Honest mistake, right? Well, this happened TWICE. On two totally different occasions. They almost got away with it, too, if I hadn't used math and logic on them.As a vegan, I'm also kind of scared of going there. I asked them about using animal products, but for all I know, they may not think fish sauce is an animal product.
2	Delivery stinks. Cheap on Rice and Napkins. My co-workers and I decided to treat ourselves to dinner. Collectively we ordered three entrees, 2 chicken panang, 1 chicken pad thai and received only 1 box of rice. It was only enough rice for one serving of panang for the two of us. O well l guess I will be drinking the rest of my curry. Thank you Pin Kaow rip off thai.    Next time we will go somewhere else. I busted up laughing as they only gave us three napkins as well. When people spend over 35 dollars for 3 entrees you should dial customers in a little bit better! Seriously, when I called they tried to say that one big carton of rice is larger than two small. I am not arguing that fact. The truth of the matter is now I got to go home now and make rice to finish what I F%#@'in ordered from a restaurant that should have more decency to provide appropriate proportions of food. IE; at least a 1:1 ratio. Get the hint?
1	I love Thai food. This was gross.Crabmeat rice: Fishy & dryPad Thai: THE worst I've ever had. Dry, bland. Asked for a "7" spice level, it wasn't spicy at ALL.Chow nean: Tasteless, made my boyfriend sick the next day.Edamame: Dry, blah, not enough seasoning.Stuffed wings: Disgusting.Thom ka Kai soup: A ton of cream - the mushrooms were good...it also lacked flavor.Spent $75 on to-go order, threw it all out.
3	Brought a client here for lunch by her request. The restaurant is beautiful inside with traditional wood carvings and Thai art throughout. We were seated asap at a booth and I ordered Thai ice tea.Our waitress who was Thai seemed not want to be there since she was unfriendly and was just going thru the motions of servicing us. I went with the Thai red chicken curry. The entree came with a spring roll, soup and steam rice. The curry was actually tasty good and contained bamboo shoots and was spicy creamy. Our waitress brought the me the bill and I had to hit her up for offerings of dessert which happen to be only green tea ice cream. I ordered a serving and it was yummy but I only ate about half of it.If not for the mediocore service by our waitress I would definitely return here again but it would problably be on my own to test the waters again. What a shame how a negative attitude can turn what should have been a above average experience into a below average rating.
5	After spending a month in Thailand, my standards are pretty high, they don't disappoint! This is the best Thai food I've ever had in the US, my favorite dishes are the curries, papaya salad and spring rolls, but I've tried most of the menu and it's all good, only bad part is they don't deliver till after 5pm.
5	Yummy!!! Spice & flavors are on point & service is great! Our water glasses stayed full the whole time without having to ask. Didn't wait long for our food & waitress made sure to check on us constantly. The interior is beautiful and I like the ambiance. Prices are very reasonable too. We'll definitely be coming back.
4	The food is really good. My favorite dishes are the stuffed chicken wings, pat Thai, and basil chicken. I go to this place often since I live close and never had a bad experience with the food. The prices are right around $10-12 a plate. Service is not always the nicest, not rude, just not very nice. You get the feeling you're always bothering them. I don't care though, cause that's not my problem, so I just enjoy the food. Enjoy!
5	Best Thai for we have found in Vegas since our favorite place closed a few years ago. The lunch specials are reasonably priced and decent sized. The atmosphere and staff are both pleasant. This location is right near our house but we've been to the North Rainbow location as well and it is comparably good. There are no shortage of Thai restaurants to choose from in Vegas and this one is definitely top tier.
5	I'm Thai and when it comes to looking for authentic Thai cuisines, Pin Kaow is always the first thought that comes to mind! I love their entrees; there's many selections to choose from! I usually order panang, larb, pad see ew, pad thai, and Tom Yum majority of the time and they've always been scrumptious and splendid! I've never really ever had a bad experience with my visits here nor the North Rainbow one. So far, this place is a five-star and I highly recommend it. Food's delicious, service was consistent, wait was fair, atmosphere's welcoming and mellow, and prices are good! Highly suggested!
5	Seriously my all time favorite Thai restaurant! I eat Thai food religiously...and have tried other places...EVERYTHING is good here!!! We come every week!!
3	I've been a loyal customer for this place for awhile now. We often go there because it is close to our home. Store is very authentic and have a very comfortable Thai environment. My favorites: Yellow Curry with Chicken, Pak See Ew (excuse my spelling) Most of the entrees are like $8.95 with Pork, chicken, Beef, or tofu w/ shrimp, 9.95 you get to choose from spicy scale from 0 to 10, 10 being to most spicy. My biggest disappointment from our last trip there. Their portions are getting smaller and smaller. $9.95 for a Shrimp Pak see ew and you can hardly felt anything in your stomach. I don't mind paying the money, but that was out of line. We were totally disappointed. Pin Kaow 2, you lost a loyal customer for good.  I regret that I didn't take a picture of the portion when I was there.
5	IMHO, Pin Kaow has the best beef satay in Las Vegas.  It's perfection... slight;y charred, always tender, the cucumber side & peanut sauce in their own little dishes... the stuff food dreams are made of.  You dream about food too, don't you?  The tom kha soups are always spot on, there's mee krob, my favorite pad thai, even delicious tofu yellow curry.  Good service & reasonable prices makes Pin Kaow my go-to Thai restaurant.
2	I just dont understand how it used to be sooooo good now its barely passable :( noodles are soggy, not enough variety of vegetables sour taste etc, im still looking for a thai place as good as pin kaow used to be. Hard to order with someone who doesnt speak english too
5	I love Thai food. so when I decided to have a mommy daughter day, I chose this place. I ordered the yellow curry chicken and instantly fell in love with this dish. It was delicate but delish and the chicken was so juicy. I have no regrets and will continue to order from this place. The interior is fabulous!!
3	For a neighborhood joint thats nice and close its not bad. Have done both take out and sat and eaten. Not sure about the complaints on here from people about portion size, I am a fatty and the portions we got (our table ordered Pad Thai, Chicken Penang and Mongolian Beef) were more than enough for 3 people, we brought left overs home for midnight snacks.I'll eat here again.
4	Pin Kaow Thai restaurant's silver  noodle salad is mouth-watering delicious along with the Kung pow chicken. Nice decor and they have a very friendly staff.
4	Tasty tasty thai food. The only drawback is the portion size for soup. I was expecting a giant bowl similar to other thai places. I received a small bowl similar to american restaurants.
2	The food is great but the staff is horrible. Me and my coworker used to go there at least once a week. We work at a busy doctors office and sometimes not all of us can leave the office to go pick up our food so we have one girl going all the time and we'll give her our I.D. as well but when we went to go pick up the food they wouldn't swipe the card because she wasn't present. It's very inconvenient because we don't have time to go and just pick up food. We understand about identity theft but hello we gave her all our drivers license! And we've been going there at least once a week but not anymore! After numerous times of horrible staff service we no longer go here when we can go down the street and get better service!
2	Honestly.. pretty disappointed.I live nearby, so I figured I should try this place since I love Thai food.. and it was around 8pm.First of all, they were extremely understaffed.  I think they underestimated the amount of people that would come on a Wednesday night.It took about 25 minutes for us to recieve our food.  We ordered, pork fried rice, pad sa ew, and sweet/sour chicken.  The food itself was pretty good, better than average.  However, the portions were surprisingly small.  I'm used to Thai places that are extremely generous and fill up the plates completely.  So for $9-12 a dish, this place was not worth it.  I am a pretty small gal and I was not even full after basically eating everyone's dishes.  Not happy.  If I were to come here again, I'd probably have to order two entrees just for myself.And on top of that, I had to go to the counter to pay my bill because the server forgot about us because he was so busy.Won't be returning. Small dishes, extremely disappointing, too long of a wait.
5	I love this Thai place. The service is always very fast and efficient. The spicy basil beef and Pad Thai are always done right. I also really like the Thai tea here. The restaurant itself is clean and there is never a long wait to be seated.
2	I think the food here is great so I hate rating it low. Its to bad they tend to be very rude when you call to place an order. Not to mention the fact that they advertise delivery but 4 of the 5 times I have tried to place a delivery order they have no driver to deliver. Won't be back until customer service level is improved.
5	What a gem this Thai restaurant is! Hidden in a little strip center, it is totally surprising, as the restaurant is Lovely on the inside. We ate family style, so we tasted a lot of dishes... We ordered extra peanut sauce which was very good but probably not necessary as everything was so tasty! We had Penang Curry & ordered it as a #7 for the spiciness level. It was very good and had some heat but was not toooo spicy. The Pad Thai was extremely good & flavorful. The best I have tasted in Las Vegas, with very fresh sprouts.  The spring roll appetizer is crunchy & delicious.  We also had garlic shrimp & scallops. It was not too garlicky, but very flavorful. Soft shell crab was So good that it was gone in a flash. It is deep fried, I think... No matter, it was sweet and not fishy tasting at all. The beer came in a frosty mug.  Made me want a beer:)  My raspberry Margarita was slushy with plenty of juicy, refreshing mix. Sometimes slushy margaritas are too dry for me. This one was perfect.  We finished with coconut ice cream  that everyone loved.  All of the dishes we tasted we excellent and full of flavor... What a great find!!!
5	This is one of my favorite Thai food places in Las Vegas. They have good lunch specials around $8-$10 each and the service is quick. I've dined in and ordered take out and the food and service is always good. Try the red curry chicken, salmon chuchee, and the cashew nut chicken.
3	Fancy atmosphere. Not a big fan of the smell of incense but some might enjoy it. I had pad thai with chicken and we shared a shrimp Tom Kha soup which was the highlight of the meal. The pad thai was bland and lacking that sweet/salty/sour taste I look for in Thai food.
5	They have the best combination fried rice. My brother love the chicken fried rice with a #7 spice level. I take pin kaow for lunch at work and everybody loves the smell of the rice and makes them hungry. I'm ordering more; additional to an early thanksgiving lunch at work.
2	i cant believe how thai food has become so expensive. its good food but its pricey and being thai i can just make these foods at home but whatever i guess ill come here when i feel like i want some traditional thai decorations.
3	We decided to try Pin Kaow Thai since we heard good things about this restaurant.  It was even voted as one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas in 2012. However, it was nothing special. I was kinda disappointed, I was expecting more. It's just an average, at most, Thai restaurant.  The chicken yellow curry was average, padthai was average, catfish was on the chewy side. The servings were small also for the price. I did like the appetizers (fish cake, and chicken angel wings).
2	Picked up food to go for 4 people from here and the experience was decent for my friends and awful for me. I became very sick after eating their Tofu Pad See Ew. I'm have no idea why this place have 4 starts. There are much better Thai food places in the Las Vegas area than this place. Here's my breakdown:Service: Excellent. Since we picked it up, all I can comment on is how quickly they completed my order. I will say that they got the order 100% correct and had it promptly completed. Food: Here was our order.Pad Thai Chicken-  Average. Greasy. Heavy.Pad See Ew Tofu- Tasted great; however, 10 minutes after I finished eating it I became horribly ill from it. Pad See Ew Chicken- Average.Chicken Curry Green- Average.Stuffed Chicken Wings- TERRIBLE! No flavor and just overall odd.Spring Rolls Veggie- Tasty. I recommend.Price: Decent. The above order amounted to $60.Overall, if you're looking for Thai food go somewhere else or eat here and have a ton of Pepto-Bismol on hand. Trust me, you're going to need it.
5	Nice ambience and delicious food! Its never too crowded and the salmon green curry is amazing... This is my favorite thai place in the area. I wish they delivered during the day though :(
2	It was okay. No lunch specials on the weekend. Over priced for the quality. No Yelp discounts. Very spacious, and Jasmine was good.
1	I have been going to the location on rainbow and Lake Mead for more than 10 years. The service at this location was so terrible that I don't know that I would go back even with all the years of service before this. The food had an odd gas taste and when we complained about it they told me they don't cook with gas and refused to take it back. Overall it was such a bad experience that no matter how good the food is I could not justify giving it more than one star
