5	An amazing view of Pittsburgh?  It's true.  This was my first visit to Pittsburgh and a client suggested we try Monterey Bay.  Located on top of what I guest is the Mount Washington section of Pittsburgh, Monterey Bay is located in what appears to be an older high rise apartment building.  At the entrance you take an elevator up to the main dining room on one floor or the bar on another floor or the wine cellar on another floor.  The view of the downtown three river section of the city is really quite exceptional, particularly as the sun goes down.  By the way the seafood was as good as or better than the view.
5	Wow, this place is outstanding! We felt a little under dressed, seeing as though it was a Saturday evening and everyone was fairly dressed up, but no one made us feel like we should have dressed more formally. Our waiter was great, he knew EVERYTHING about the dishes on the menu, and recited a specials menu that was so long, I lost track of the many mouthwatering specials that he described in detail. Our drinks were fantastic, and the seafood was heavenly. My party finished off the meal with Irish coffees, and they were so strong (whiskey wise) that he had to warn us as he set them down. My Irish nuts and berries ( a cream chamboard drink) was so strong it made my head spin (in a good way). Very expensive, but very much worth it.
4	Food's decent. The view is spectacular of Pittsburgh's downtown. They have a nice bar, in case there's a wait. For some reason, it seems to attract a 70+ year old crowd. But it's still a great dining experience.
3	I lived 1/2 a block from this restaurant, but I only ate here a couple of times when I lived in Pittsburgh. I always felt out of place here.It always felt like I should have my grandparents with me to fit in. My grandfather in his Sunday suit and my grandmother with a purple orchid corsage on her dress. Maybe then I might have felt more comfortable.I remember the food was very good and the view was spectacular. But it felt like a really good restaurant attached to a retirement community. Definitely NOT your hip joint, nor even just an upscale dining experience. If my grandparents ever come visit me again, and we just happen to be in Pittsburgh, I will probably take them to another restaurant that is a little more lively.  Even they would appreciate it.
5	This is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to, and I have eaten here three times. First of all, the service is great. The food is excellent; Chilean sea bass and sea scallops have been some of the highlights. Of course the view is great, try to get a table by the front window. However, the best part is the phenomenal desserts - the Steaming Chocolate Latte is possibly the best dessert I've ever had. This is a warm chocolate souffle in a big coffee mug topped with Chantilly cream and "chocolate steam" (wavy pieces of chocolate for decoration), and the execution is perfect. I've also tasted a number of the other desserts which were all great. It's worth it just for the dessert.The only downside I can think of is the cheesy decor (especially the columns).
4	Yet another business dinner and yet another night of eating WAY too much food!  It's a rough life, I know.  Pity me...One of THE most spectacular views of the city, bar none.  Most of the dining room has great/good views through the enormous windows, but I would even recommend the little bar downstairs for a drink and some great views.  Seemed to be not so well known, and a cheaper night than spending on the whole meal.What can I say, the food was fantastic.  The Seared Ahi tuna was delicious with just the right amount of wasabi flavoring.  I ordered the salmon special on a cedar plank that was cooked and flavored absolutely right.  Even the steak was delicious according to some of my table-mates.Wine list was generous (a bit pricey) but well complimenting the meals.  The serving staff was a touch slow, but it was nice not to feel rushed.TIP:  Try their pretzel bread rolls.  They're delicious!BIGGER TIP:  Not really sure about parking here, (I think there was valet service) but if you take a taxi there like we did, be prepared.  On a cold, snowy night we were waiting a good 45 minutes for a return taxi to the city.  Make sure to get your cab driver's number on the way over.  Give him an estimated time that you'll be done, and call him before dessert.  You'll save yourself a load of trouble. Absolutely a place to take clients/business dinners.  A little pricey, but the food and atmosphere will definitely impress.  It's a little out of the way, but still only a 10 minute cab ride from the Convention Center
5	Monterey Bay Fish Grotto was a wonderful experience for my girlfriend and I. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. We got the sampler for the appetizer which came with 2 large shrimp, crab cake, and a bbq fish skewer. The app was delicious. My favorite was the crab cake which was made with nice lump crab meat and paired with a tasty hollandaise sauce. We both ordered fish for our entrees, she ordered the swordfish and I got the chilean sea bass. The fish was cooked perfectly. The neat thing about the menu are the numerous ways you can get your fish prepared. For desert we shared a creambule which was just as good as everything else we ate. Overall we had a great time and I would recomend this place to anyone who loves seafood.
4	So, I find myself spending more and more time here lately since a friend recently moved into the apartments in the same building.  I've been going here for years and am definitely a a fan.  The valet parking is good, however a pet peeve is that you have to pay to valet.  I always think this should be complimentary with fine dining.  The elevator takes a fortnight to arrive to the top floor dining room is another small annoyance, but everything else is pretty close to five stars.  The main dining room is gorgeous with the best view of the burgh' or any city for that matter that you can have.  The hand painted palm trees are very nice and relaxing and the furniture is adequate.  They have plenty of space on the lower floor for big functions. I've had events in these big rooms for 50 to 100 folks multiple times.  However, a must visit is the wine room.  It is amazing.  You have three oak tables in a small room with wine bottles and floor to ceiling glass all around you.  Ask for Pat he is a great server and a true pro with respect to his craft.  He also always remembers me even though I haven't used the room for years.  They say the room seats 27 (3 tables of 9), but I don't suggest more than 24 in this space.  If you use this room you need at least 8 folks' and you have to choose one of the wine tasting menus.  They are $95 or $120 I believe for each 5 course wine tasting.  I suggest if you are going to use this room to splurge for the $120.  It's much better wine and includes a champagne toast.  This obviously is not a room I'd use often, but perfect for special occassions.  More and more I find myself simply sitting at the bar.  It has a great lounge and bar area, with plenty of seating.  If you find yourself in a bind to get a table in the dining room you can almost always find a table in the lounge with the same menu.  I've probably been here almost once a week the past couple months.  The bartenders are really good and definitely take care of there regulars.  As an aside, this place is also like the "melrose place" of Pittsburgh with many single folks choosing to stay in this building which has the restaurant located on the top floor.  The food is pretty much the best fish in Pittsburgh and less pricey than the some of the other fish joints like "original fish market".  My only complaint with the menu is that I wish they offered more shellfish options like crab and lobster and not just crab cakes (which btw are probably the best in the city, which is saying a lot for a town that loves crabcakes).   Some recent menu highlights have been the oysters rockefeller. I'd say skip this.  It was super heavy with a thick hollandaise, too much cheese and breadcrumbs.  The "ahi" tempura was really great and I found to be somewhat of a paradox in that it's close to raw great quality fish, but they find a way to put a light breading on it and deep fry it without the fish being overcooked.  My new favorite menu item.  The ichiban is good which is just a skewer of medium rare fish.  I also found the filet to be of great quality and reasonablyu priced for a "prime": cut for $37 for 10 oz.  You literally can't go wrong with any fish dish you choose, I'll just offer a couple suggestions.  If you want something rich and deeply flavored try the swordfish parmasan style.  It's very rich, but soooo delicious.  If you prefer something lighter with a lot of flavor try the Ahi Tuna sashimi style.  It's fantastic.  The prices are reasonable, service is good, and it's the perfect spot for out of town guests.  Definitely one of my Pgh. favs'.
4	As everyone before me mentioned this place has the best view of the skyline in the city.  Prices are high, but this is considered to be one of the finer dining experiences one can have while in Pittsburgh.I would recomend this as a great location for a business meeting or a date.  While fish is the speciality on the menu, thier beef and chicken dishes are just as tasty!!
4	By far, probably the the best maryland style crab cakes ever. I've tried several other places including ones in Manhattan (where I live now) and no one can beat their crab cakes. The taste, texture and consistency is hands down the best I've had.  It's also a good portion so you're not left hungry.  The fish is also pretty fresh and the dishes are delicious though as I recall, the fish dishes were uninspiring, offering very little creativity. The ingredients didn't jump out at me. Presentation and ambience is great for Pittsburgh, offering great views of the city. Nice place to take clients or your date. Next to the Original Fish Market in downtown, this is the only place I go for seafood in Pittsburgh because they do it right.
4	This is one of the few places that has a great view of Pittsburgh AND great food.  We had drinks in the bar downstairs before dinner and I was shocked at how affordable the cocktails were.  A Manhattan was only $6.50!  And with that view...that's a bargain.  The smoked salmon appetizer was outstanding.  I ordered Parmesan crusted mahi mahi and asked the server if the chef would add capers to it.  They gladly accommodated my request, and I appreciated that!  My Dad had the lobster.  He said it was great.  I rarely order rice pilaf but much to my surprise it was delicious.  Service was great.  I will go back.  Our total tab before tip (for 2) was $132.
5	This review is somewhat curt because Firefox crashed on me before it autosaved, and I'm too lazy to retype everything.-----------------------------------------Simply an amazing dining experience. Went for a dinner with my girlfriend, and we arrived around 30 minutes past our reservation time, but they were very courteous about it. Our server was knowledgeable and courteous and made the night a very enjoyable experience. All the food was amazing, but the crab cakes were ridiculous, so much so that I feel the need to comment. Usually I avoid crab cakes at restaurants, because you get some stringy crab meat mixed with bread mixed with generic mixed vegetables (read: defrosted peas, carrots, and corn), which has been the case even in fancy upscale restaurants. In fact, I only got the crab cake because it was part of the appetizer sampler. This turned out to be very fortunate for me, because the crab cake was huge chunks of tender, juicy lump crab meat, loosely held together, with nary a defrosted frozen vegetable in sight. Truly amazing.The Irish coffee is a tad too strong for my liking; it was more like drinking shots with a bit of coffee rather than the other way around.The view is the best in Pittsburgh. Make sure you get the side facing Heinz Field and downtown.I would absolutely recommend it to everyone.
3	Overrated and expensive. They heavily promote the fact that they fly all this fresh in from around the world, but it is so over-prepared with sauces and spices that you cannot enjoy the actual freshness of the fish.Portions are moderate, but the prices are high. Most wines are at least $10 a glass. They do go out of their way to work with people who are gluten intolerant, including having tapioca rolls, but everything adds up very quickly.In my opinion, you are paying for the view. For quite a bit less money you can enjoy much better food at nearby La Tavola.
2	Went here for a business dinner tonight.  The location is great - top of an apartment building at the top of Mt. Washington.  View was fabulous, but would have been better if they washed the windows.  My companion and I split an appetizer, each had a salad and entree with no wine and the tab came to $125.  I very much enjoyed the meal, and it was way more than I could eat, even though I didn't have lunch today.  I had the stuffed tuna which was very good but a bit over cooked and swimming in a heavy brown sauce and mushrooms.  The fresh string beans also came with their own heavy cream sauce.  I would have given this 3-stars, but when I returned to my hotel I had to rush to the restroom several times....
4	I've eaten here quite a few times and have never been disappointed! Great view, excellent food and friendly, attentive service. Each and every dish that I've tried has been perfectly prepared and tasted great and I loveee the lava cake dessert! I've moved to San Francisco since eating here last and even after living in a city that has really high food standards I think Monterey Bay Fish Grotto has excellent food and reasonable prices for the location and the view. This is definitely my favorite special occasion restaurant in Pittsburgh.
3	summary: the spectacular view will distract you from the food anyway.The food is actually not bad. As long as the fish is fresh, it's hard to go really wrong (just forgo the over-priced desserts). The kitchen can be uneven when busy (e.g., overcooked tuna or lukewarm side dishes on separate visits). But the staff seem eager to help if you bring the problems to their attention.The restaurant strives for an upscale dining ambiance, and their success is, in no small part, thanks to the lovely view. The service is attentive, if a bit overly scripted/rehearsed.Good for business meals (especially when you're not sure what everyone likes, and when someone else is picking up the tabs).3.5 stars
3	3 star food, 5 star view, and 1 star value.  You'll pay a premium to be astounded by the view of downtown Pittsburgh while you dine at Monterey Bay.  The menu consists mainly of exotic or expensive fishes prepared a variety of ways.  The preparations are either boring ("blackened", "seared") or strange ("au poivre" w/ cognac sauce, "black and bleu" with gorgonzola).  The sides are also uninspired, with the mashed potatoes being my least favorite.Of note, the prices are somewhat ridiculous.  A bottle of Yuengling for $6.50?  Give me a break!
3	Here is another example of a review that I wish could receive a half a star.   I would give 3 stars for the view and a 1/2 a star for the food.  Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't terrible but it wasn't over the top either, and I expect to be wow'd after throwing down hat much money.   I went to Monterey Bay for a friend's birthday last night, and ultimately is was a great dinner because of the occasion.  However, I don't think that I will be making a repeat appearance.  Everything was ridiculously over priced but I paid it without complaint.   We ordered the appetizer platter and shared a bottle of wine while waiting for our other dining partners arrived.  The crab cakes were all that they were advertised to be and the sauce was creamy and delicious. I had the Basil Garlic Yellow Snapper with rice pilaf for my entree and it was ok.  Nothing too inspiring.  Overall, I felt their menu was a bit old school, which works for a specific sect of dinners.  A lot of people don't want to try anything too fancy or challenging.  I am just not one of those people.
4	Located in Duquesne Heights, you must visit this restaurant.  If for nothing else, just the night time view of downtown Pittsburgh.  It was wonderful.  There is an upper and a lower level to this restaurant.  The upper-level is fairly pretentious and filled with lots of glitz and suits.  The lower-level is where the bar is located and it contains a small amount of window seating.  Many people go to sit upstairs.  Why?  I don't know.  It is so bright and contrived and you cannot get a very good view.  I prefer the darker lower level where people are more down to earth and real and the fact that you can actually see the city lit up at night. Don't let the coat check fool you.  If you feel uncomfortable, just head to the lower level.We were greeted by our server and handed the menus.  We were able to look through and asked our server for her suggestions.  We placed our order for the recommended  appetizer that was not on the menu: Combo Platter: Ichiban (tuna, salmon, and swordfish grilled on a skewer), Crabcake, and Cajun shrimpI was continually distracted by the view.  You can see the Duquesne Incline, the Southside, Downtown and the Northside and it is amazing how the night coupled with lit buildings can create such a sublime and dramatic image on the horizon -- Beautiful.   I had to focus, though, and was ready for our server when she returned with the appetizer:French onion soupButternut squash soupMahi mahi with garlic- feta mashed potatoesYellow fin tuna with, garlic-feta mashed potatoes, and tomatoes with balsamic vinaigretteThe tri-partite appetizer combined three of the more popular appetizers on the written menu.  I was quite glad they had this option tonight since I would have been very disappointed to have ordered the Ichiban and the Cajun shrimp as their own dish.  Both were not great and were lacking in flavor.  The fish cubes on the Ichiban skewer were somewhat tough and overcooked with very little flavor.  The shrimp were slightly rubbery and did not taste Cajun.  The price of this appetizer was only $1 more than the crab cake appetizer.  The crab cake was quite good.  It is the best crab cake I have had in the Pittsburgh area.  It was well cooked, moist, tasted of lump crab and had minimal filler.As we were finishing the appetizer the soups and tomatoes appeared.  My butternut squash soup came in a two-part series to preserve the scant heat in the soup itself and to protect the crab that came at the bottom of my bowl.  The soup was poured over the seeds and crab at the table.  It tasted very good, but unfortunately it cooled rather quickly -- this is on of the issues with Creme Fraiche, you cannot over heat or it will curdle.  I thoroughly enjoyed the flavor of the squash in the smooth soup coupled with the fresh crab, pumpkin seed, and creme fraiche.  The French Onion soup had a good flavor. Not over-seasoned, the onions were actually cooked, and a good consomme as its base.  Our dinners arrived and I was surprised by the size.  The portions were quite large for both entrees and one could have easily been split between two people.  A bit apprehensive after the Ichiban, I tried the tuna to find that the flavor was much better for the entree.  The same held true for the mahi-mahi.  The tuna was cooked to a nice medium rare, had good texture and flavor and was not filled with gristle.  The mahi-mahi was tender, moist, and flavorful.  The blackening seasoning had a good flavor and was mildly piquant.  I moved on to the mashed potatoes and my tomatoes.  There was just a hint of the feta and garlic in the potatoes that complimented the potatoes very well.  The tomatoes were good and the vinaigrette was also tasty.  I do wish that they would have used a better oil and vinegar, though.  The oil was a cheaper brand without much flavor and the balsamic was fairly weak, but with good flavor.  Unable to finish our meals, we decided that we wouldn't bother with desserts.  Next time -- and there will be a next time -- the appetizer will be crab cake only and we will be splitting a meal.  With more than enough food for two, this will also cut the bill considerably.  I will continue to sit on the lower level and I hope that I get our server again.
2	My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday dinner last year when we were in Pittsburgh for the weekend. We chose it based on the glowing recommendation we received from the Maitre D' at our hotel. It's in a pretty cool location atop Mount Washington which overlooks all of Pittsburgh. We took the incline plane most of the way up and then a cab from there which was nice. Once you arrive at the restaurant it kind of feels like being in an apartment building. You take an elevator up to the very top to enter the dining room. My first impression of the dining room was that it is huge, crowded, and very early-90's in decor. I felt like I should have teased and sprayed my hair and given my bangs a nice blowout before I put on my shoulder-padded jean jacket to come to this restaurant. The lighting is cheesy, it's a mix of tables and booths, and I am almost positive there was a paper placemat on the table. Needless to say, Monterey Bay sort of felt like what my 6-year-old self always thought "fancy restaurants" were like until I actually was old enough to go to one. Other reviewers don't lie, the view is amazing, but I have to admit it felt like the windows needed washing that night. It was a little hazy. As for the food, it was priced like any fish restaurant--in the mid-$20's-$35 per plate. This is perhaps a personal chip on my shoulder, but I am never impressed by places that offer to butter-sautee or broil fish when that's not the ideal way for it to be prepared. It feels like a way to cater to not-so-savvy diners who don't really appreciate what good fish is. Our portions were ENORMOUS for everything which is annoying because I hate leaving fish uneaten, but it was just too much. It was prepared well, but our sides were pretty unrefined. All in all, not a terrible dining experience, but I was not in love with it either. If you could do half-stars, this would get a 2.5 from me.
5	This is a must! For all you seafood lovers out there! The view is amazing, it could not get any better! The food was excellent, and an affordable price:) it was very classy, you will have to dress up~ nojeans!
3	Overall, at Monterey Bay, you're paying for the exquisite view and stellar service that you are receiving.  Drinks run about 10 -15 dollars.  As an app my lovely boyrfiend, Ryan B, ordered the Ichiban - 2, yes only 2, skewers of various fish cooked in a terryaki liked glaze.  Not bad...overpriced at $14.  Next, the lobster bisque.  Biggest upset of the year 2010.  Well presented, bisque poured over a chunk of lobster claw - however, the soup was cold and more like Cambell's tomatoe with some chives in it.  Salads were next - loaded with way too much vinaigrette, a very Asian feel with crispy noodles and a gingery taste.  Ask for dressing on the side.  The bread is amazing, though!Ryan's entree was a flash fried ahi steak, stuffed with spicy crabmeat and coated in penko.  Only one bite truly was spicy.  It was over a bed of rice - however, they called it couscous, and ONE head of bokchoy.  Also, a bit cold for my liking.  ($45!!! OMG)I ordered red snapper prepared Oscar style stuffed with crabmeat.  Not bad at all!  Green beans on the side were delicious.  ($33, could have whipped this up at home for about $10.)Sampled the calamari - very good, a great app for a group.  Crabcake was great too - but, best crabcake in Pittsburgh can be found at Willow in the North Hills!  I would recommend drinks and apps here with out of towners.  Know in advance it is a lot of money for a restaurant whose view does not compare with its food.
4	What a treat this place is for an out of towner.  Such an experience that I will definitely remember of my trip to Pittsburgh.  This is one of those places you go for a special occasion or if you have money oozing out of your pockets.Situated on a hill overlooking downtown you won't find better views of the city.  While dining looking out the window it almost feels as if what you are looking at is a post card of a night time scene of Pittsburgh.  I included a picture that shows exactly what I was enjoying.The service I experienced was impeccable.  Server knew everything about the menu and helped with the meal selection as well as the wine.  The maitre de also made sure that I was having a great time as well.  That's always a plus in my book when someone in charge performs table touching helping patrons enjoy their time.The food was very good, but not the greatest.  I didn't fall in love with what I had and this is the reason I can't give this restaurant five stars.  While dining at this type of fine dining place the food should be near the top of what you have had before.  I'm not saying the food is bad at all, just could be a little better.Overall I have to say the prices aren't that bad and the view is absolutely spectacular.  I think this is a great choice for anyone looking for that dinner that will "wow" them while visiting Pittsburgh!  And if you live here, it's one of those places you go every so many years.
3	I had a salad with baked chevre, mixed greens, cranberries and balsamic vinegarette on the side.  It was very yummy!  Good portion size too~ Then for my main course I ordered the New England clam chowder special... mmm~ bad choice.  It was clam chowder poured table-side over pork belly and one whole shell-in clam.  First of all, the table-side presentation might sound like a good idea, but when you have gritty yellowish clam chowder coming out of a tiny tea kettle spout... it's not that appetizing.  I decided to be open minded and try it~ and i get blech grits in my mouth.  Where's the creamy white clam chowder I expected?!  ugh~~ not cool.  I couldn't lie when the waitress asked me if I liked my meal, so she took it back and instead I got a steamed latte dessert!  Oh it made up for the nasty clam chowder~  It was a chocolate souffle topped with fresh whipped cream and a cute chocolate piece that looked like steam coming from the ginormous coffee cup.The dessert and the amazing view from the restaurant saved me experience.  If it weren't for the clam chowder, I would've given it 4 stars.
4	I agree about this place being a wonderful spot for a special occasion. The food is amazing and the view can't be beat. The service is excellent. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is the pricey menu. I understand that this is a very nice restaurant and the prices reflect that but they have a policy of making you pay for a side dish which runs about $10. This is the second time I went with only one other person. The side dish they give is a large quantity which is too much for 2 people. If you don't pay for a side dish it only comes with a salad and the fish. It just feels wrong to charge so much for a plate of vegetables. If they want to charge for a side dish how about the option of a medium or large portion or charge what you really have to for the meal. It just takes something away from the experience to feel like you are getting ripped off to charge so much for a plate of vegetables.
5	Dinner was amazing I highly recommend the crab cakes for an appetizer with the house salad to follow. For your entree go with the Caribbean sea bass and a bottle of Jordan cab to go with it. Make sure you save room for dessert bc you ate going to want to try grandmas carrot cake as well as my favorite the Oreo lollipops.
4	Been here a few times in the past with great friends and a beautiful view of the city. More recently, visited with my boyfriend for our 2 year anniversary. Since they knew it was a special day, the service was spectacular. The hostess was the sweetest woman and they accommodated our every need. We even had free dessert! The Chocolate Steaming Latte is the best dessert I've ever eaten. It's warm chocolate-y goodness will bring me back again!!!!!
3	I was dissapointed . I have been wanting to go here for several years and finally made it last saturday night . The plusses were the view and great service . The negatives were small portions and hefty prices . I know , u pay for the view and I understand that . A nice place but for the money I would go somewhere else .
3	Spectacular view. average food ran out of mahi didn't discount halibut. No way a halibut filet ought to cost $33.  shrimp scampi more like soup grab the lounge corner table closest to the city!50% premium on food for the viewSupercrabcakes
4	This is a great experience holistically.  Have your car valeted.  It's only $4.  Very affordable.  The elevator up to the Grotto gives you a great view of the city.  When you make your reservations, you need to ask for "view seating" but outside of that, getting a reservation is seamless.  You can reserve online through their website.I went with a mentor/colleague to "celebrate" a job termination (don't ask) and we had the whole experience.  Our waitress was very nice and tentative.  One of the managers, who is a wine afficianto, helped us pick out a good wine on the moderately priced side.  The wine was fantastic.  We ordered steamed clams as an appetizer and -oh so good- with their hot bread to dip in the sauce.  The manager learned I lost my job and brought us a "chocolate cake" drink, on the house, which was very nice.  House salads were fresh and a nice size portyion.  I ordered the mahi mahi and it was fantastic.  Nice size portion, fresh.  Only complaint was that the lemon wedge was too small to put over the fish...Finally, the dessert...  I had the white chocolate macadamia mousse.  To. die. for.Certainly the restaurant is pricey, but the food quality was good, the atmosphere is nice, and the staff are very friendly.  This is a good special occasion restaurant.
5	I had a wonderful evening, it was far more than I expected.  First I took the incline up from the Sheraton on Wednesday evening last week.  It was a short walk from the station.  I was pleasantly surprised to find upon entering I would be taking an elevator UP further to the restaurant the view from the elevator was even more spectacular than from the incline.  The place was busy but the hostess told me I could enjoy the same view and menu from the bar.  The view there did not disappoint, nor did the staff.  I found out about this place from the cab driver that drove me to the hotel from the airport, he raved about the crab cake being better than the ones in MD.  I did try the crab cake as an appetizer, it was very good, delicious, not as good as one from Faidleys but it was very good, quite tasty.  The bar staff was very receptive, very helpful in my wine selections.  I had a brut with my crab cake and a Murphy Goode sauvignon  blanc with a grilled salmon with their house remoulade and a side of broccollini.  It was perfect and the wine suited the meal.  Did I mention the view?  from my seat in the bar it was great.  I also want to comment that one of the staff, maybe a sommelier came down, popped open a bottle of wine and asked the bartender and wait staff to taste it, think about the flavors and he'd be back to discuss.  I really enjoyed listening to him and the staff interact and learn something they could share with a future customer about a bottle of wine.  Anyway, the staff was pleasant, view was magnificent and well worth the walk a mile down to the other incline to take me back to the Sheraton.  If I ever come back to downtown Pittsburgh, I will definitely stop and bring others up to this great place.
3	I came here with my family on the Friday after Thanksgiving.  We spent about $120 for the four of us.  A lot of the cost is because of the view, and not necessarily the food.  There is a nice elevator ride up to the top of this hotel building.  They have some nice aquariums with bubbles rising for ambience, though I think the palm tree columns seem a little tacky.  The fresh bread they served was good.  However, service was slow.  The place was quite empty, and yet somehow we still had to wait for an hour for our food.  We started off with the crab cake and ichiban.  The crab cake had remoulade sauce and was very good.  The ichiban has several different fish.  The salmon was good, but it seems like some of the other fish were not cooked to the same consistency.  For the main course, my family had several different fish.  I had the Yellow Fin Tuna stuffed with spinach, mushrooms and goat cheese drizzled witha Marsala wine sauce (my waiter recommended it).  While the rest of my family seemed to like their Mahi Mahi for instance, my fish was a little dry and the vegetables inside seemed soggy.  Mediocre food, but come here primarily for its location and view.
5	My wife and I dined here for our anniversary. We had Not been back to the restaurant in a few years since we had a few kids but time has only made the place better. We both had a fantastic meal. She had a grilled Seabass and I had a barbeque mahi-mahi. Both pieces of fish were cooked to perfection. Our server was timely and never made us feel we had to hurry up. Our drinks were expertly prepared and served to perfection. We had a great night. Someday they should update the elevator, sooner the better.
4	I've been to Monterey Bay once for a business lunch and once for dinner with a large group.  Both times were very good--food was good, service excellent, and obviously the views are spectacular.  I read the comments about the outdated decor and agree, but I don't find that a major detraction, and really, it's all about the views, anyway.  The crowd on the Friday night I went for dinner included a lot of very well-dressed older men and very pretty younger women, people obviously on their first dates, to couple who looked like they had been married for 60 years.  It was pretty good people watching.    I wavered on 3 or 4 stars only because right now I don't go out of my way to visit there--which is what I typically have to do at minimum to give something 4 stars.  As I was sitting here writing, though, it occurred to me that I SHOULD be going there more often with out-of-town guests--it is probably the best thing I've seen up on Mt. Washington, though I haven't been to Isabella's yet (and know it always gets pretty good reviews, too).  And that is a great way to enjoy one of the most livable cities in the world!
5	One of my favorite places for a splurgeExcellent fishGreat viewSuperb wines (but very expensive)
3	Recently came here for dinner with a group of family who are big fish eaters.  The first thing to note is that the view is the #1 reason to come (especially if from out of town like us).  It is perched on the hill overlooking the city and after dark, it is nice to look down on the city.  Unfortunately, the restaurant decor itself is fairly outdated, but to be honest the view dominates so much that we did not notice.Service was consistent and attentive.  The wine list was nice but overpriced.The food unfortunately is what got this place 3 stars.  While the fish was definitely fresh (they claim flown in daily), the preparations that were ordered at my table just didnt work.  Some of them (mahi mahi) were too sweet, some too buttery, some to nutty, etc.  They didnt highlight the fish as much as they could have and tended to overpower the fish.All in all this was a nice spot for dinner especially for people from out of town due to the view.
4	Let me preface this post by saying that it has been awhile since I have dined at Monterey Bay but I am new to Yelp and just had to write a review.  I have been here quite a few times (at least 5 without really going back and counting).  Each time I have gone to the Monroeville location (first in the old office building and then at the mall).  My first time was there was in high school and my idea of seafood was lobster and crab, so I was disappointed that those dishes aren't on the menu, but that did not take away from a wonderful first meal and every meal since.  My staple go to dish is their peppercorn yellow fin tuna.  I have always been more of a meat and potatoes kind of guy and love a good steak.  The tuna is as good if not better than any filet that you would order at a premier steak house.  The decor and the wait staff are also compliment the experience.  Since I live in Rochester, NY now, Monterey Bay is a must go to when I go home to visit.
3	Amazing views, but high prices considering the food quality; you're really paying for the view here, not the food. Food wise, I've had better fish at Umi and Penn Ave, Fish Company.Service was prompt and friendly, although the decor was surprisingly tacky - palm tree pillars? Really? Probably won't go back again unless someone is visiting from out of town who really wants to see the view.
5	I LOVE Monterey Bay.  The restaurant is located high in Mt Washington and has excellent views of the entire Pittsburgh skyline.  The staff is polite and very helpful.  The best part though is the food.  If you like seafood, this is the place for you, if you don't like seafood, you will still find something you enjoy.  I didn't always like seafood so the first time I ate here I ordered the steak and it was delicious.  Now I like many different types of seafood so I can appreciate the cuisine even more.  They fly in fresh fish daily and you can tell.  The crab cakes are spectacular, they're my favorite.  They also have a great wine list and the last time we visited, their sommelier recommended a fantastic bottle for us.  It can be pricey especially if you are ordering bottles of wine, so we only go for special occasions, but I always look forward to it and leave completely satisfied.
5	This place is great! I loved their seabass. They definitely did a great job. The tuna tartar and dessert were tasty too. Food presentation and spectacular view from the restaurant made this place a great place for dinner.
4	Full Disclosure (We were the guests of my fiances employers i.e., didn't pay)As for the decor, we were seated in a private room with a lot of floor length windows looking out at the wonderful view so I wasn't really paying attention to what some refer as outdated decor. We started off with a drink at the bar he had a rum and coke (very strong!) and I had a very well balanced cosmopolitan made with fresh lime juice (huge plus over the bottled stuff)They had set up a menu for us with a salad, choice of entree and shared dessert platter. Even though the bread looked like just the take and bake variety they were wonderful (someone at our table even wanted to steal the bread basket from the other table to get more)The salad was excellent and had a passion fruit dressing that I would love to buy and use everyday on my salads. For my entree I had the grilled swordfish oscar style (crab meat, asparagus, and hollindaise (spelling?))  this was excellent, there was just enough hollindaise to add richness, but not to much that it was swimming in it.  The fish was also cooked perfectly.   My fiance had the tuna seared rare with some type of sesame sauce that was out of this world.  I am not a huge fan of tuna and I stole two pieces :). The portion sizes were outrageous.  I can't speak for the everyday portions, but these were more than generous. The dessert platter had key lime tarts, mini cheesecakes, truffles, and a chocolate mouse. I tried the key lime tart good, but a bit to sweet and the chocolate truffle which was just the perfect size and sweet bite to end the meal. Now being on the budget we are on and saving for a wedding, this place is not one I expected to be able to try for a long time, but the food was wonderful and I am glad we had the chance to enjoy it!
5	Great food, typically great service, great view. I have been a few times for special occasions and am always very satisfied with my meal. It is expensive, but you get what you pay for. The mangers have also helped me get a special table for a special occasion when it is not too busy. Valet parking guys are also quick and professional.
4	Outstanding View, Great Food, Great Service !  MBFG did not disappoint.  Yes, it is pricey.  For special occasions or just a great night out with a fancy dinner it's worth it.
3	I came here for a birthday of a friend of mine.  We ordered the mussels as an appetizer.  We sent them back as they were way too fishy tasting.  Yuck.  But we got the Lemon Sole and the Shrimp and Scallop Fettuccine.  The Orange Basil Halibut was just OK and lacked much flavor.  The Shrimp and Scallop Fettuccine was OK as well.  However, the scallops were a bit sandy (I hate sand in my seafood!) and the shrimp had an overpowering taste of iodine.  However, the pasta itself, was great!  Also, our server was phenomenal, I just wish the food was a little bit better. This place is great for the view though.  I suggest if it's a busy night reservation wise, try to get a table down at the bar, as the view is just as great down there and less unobstructed.
5	I read a lot of reviews and, yes, you do pay a premium for the view but the sashimi preparation of the ahi tuna was fantastic and I gladly paid for the view.  Ride the Duquesne Incline for the full experience!  The host and server both did a great job and I'd recommend the MBFG to anyone visiting the 'burgh!
5	We dined at Montery Bay Fish Grotto while as a treat for our freshman daughter who attends Pitt. My college student felt very pampered by the elegant atmosphere and the fabulous view, The food was impressive- we especially enjoyed the appetizers- the ahi tempura and the crabcakes were both standouts. The fresh fish choices were a bit overwhelming- too many choices! The salmon strawbery style came recommended by our server and was very good for an unexpected combination. We also tried the orange basil halibut which was very tasty (though my husband swore the fish was cod); the swordfish oscar was amazing; and the grouper monterey style with black olives and artichokes pleased my husband very much. Also enjoyed a side of lobster mac n cheese. We don't usually get desserts but they were all so tempting and made for a sweet conclusion to the meal. The service was attentive and overall it was a memorable if somewhat overindulgent dining experience!Definitely recommend for a special occasion!
4	"Monterey Bay Fish Sky Tower"This was an awesome way to continue our journey after riding the Duquesne Incline.  Just a short walk up the hill, take an elevator to the top and step off into a dining room with stunning panoramic views and vaulted ceilings.  The decor was slightly reminiscent of a Vegas hotel lobby.  It wasn't very busy when we got there but it was in between lunch and dinner hours.We decided to go to the lounge area half a flight down.  We were the only ones sitting at the bar and got A+ service from our bartender.  He might have been one of the most engaging and entertaining bartenders I've ever met ( I feel terrible I cannot remember his name)  He truly appreciated the joys of being a mixologist and made some killer drinks.  The drink menu is extensive and we got their just in time for their 'Executive Hour".  Okay, I giggled at first too and thought how pretentious, but it actually is quite clever since their clientele during this time was a lot of suits.We must have tried 3 different drinks each, my favourite being the Jalepeno Martini.  Talk about a kick in the mouth!  The other drinks were incredibly tasty too and all used a variety of booze so their is something for anyone. As the night progressed not only did the view become even more beautiful as Pittsburgh lit up we decided on a lil nosh.  So we tried the recommended Cajun Shrimp.  They were great and not too oily like other  places.  The rest of the menu looked like a "To-Do list" of fish.  Trust me you'll want to go back and check them off.When we left the dining room was packed and a wait queued in the lobby.
5	Great food & service. Wait at bar for window table.
4	Wow. They have so many options (if you like seafood which i do!) The menu of specials was overwhelming as well. The server rattled on for like 15 minutes about the specials which was impressive. I am a scallop fan so I went with the crab stuffed scallops.  I was so overwhelmed by all of the fish options that I couldn't make up my mind.  The entree was delicious my only gripe is with the soup I ordered.  The server described the soup as a lobster butternut squash....sounds interesting and delicious. Unfortunately the soup was a overly sweet pumpkin puree.  I love soup but neither my sister or I could stomach it. Obviously, the views are incredible but the interior seemed a little cheesy for a $30+ entree place.  Fake palm trees? hmm... Pros: huge seafood menu, full bar, tasty bread, gorgeous views, actually kid friendly (for my nephew) Cons: poor soup description, cheesy interior, a la carte vegetables, pricey but you are paying for the view. Overall: I will be back for another special occasion!
4	Best view of the city I have scene thus far.  They do not take reservations for window seats however from my view it seems there isn't a bad seat in the house regarding the view.  The service was outstanding.  The food was very good.  The bar has a great view as well and is just below the restaurant so it is a nice spot to grab a drink and relax.
4	I haven't been in here in almost 10 years and it's just like I remember it.  The food is still excellent, the view is still gorgeous and the decor is exactly the same.  I would give the restaurant five stars on food and view alone but the place just feels so outdated and needs a face lift.  The giant bubbly fish tank when you walk in, the faux palm trees on the ceiling, the dark and dingy entrance way before you take the elevator up....but on to the positives.  I went here for lunch and it wasn't crowded at all so we got a great window seat.  I ordered the rodi grille salmon with a side of green beans in a sweet chili sauce.  The salmon comes in a teriyaki sauce and was grilled to perfection.  I also ordered a glass of the Riesling and it was on the sweeter side but really good.  For dessert, I opted for the birthday cake cheesecake and it went beyond my expectations.  If you don't have a sweet tooth then this dessert isn't for you because I'm pretty sure I got a sugar high.  It was a cheesecake with birthday cake layers.  The icing was delicious and it looked a bit like a mini confetti birthday cake.  YUM!I also sampled the crab cakes that my coworker ordered, which they are known for.  Fabulous.  All in all, good experience although I'll issue fair warning that it's a pricey meal even if you opt out of wine and dessert.  Good service, awesome food, I just can't get past that awful outdated 80s decor.....
4	We had dinner with a business associate.  This was a fantastic suggestion.  First, the view is AMAZING.  It speaks for itself and I couldn't possibly do it justice.  I was extremely happy that we went to a seafood restaurant instead of the usual steak house.  We had drinks in the lounge first.  AMAZING VIEWS as well.  After a few glasses of wine, we moved to the dining room.  It is very classically vegas meets 50's dinner club.  Over the top yet classy.  We tried the shrimp cocktail (which is served with dry ice smoking underneath) and the tuna tartar.  For dinner we had the crab cake (which was served in a deconstructed manner) and sea bass macadamia.  For sides we tried the creamed spinach, potatoes, and lobster mac and cheese.  The place has a great energy and while large, is not too noisy.  I would recommend this for a business dinner any night of the week.  It is a bit pricey. With drinks the bill was closer too $100 a head.
5	I've been lucky enough to eat here twice in my life. It truly is a wonderful experience from start to finish. I agree that the decor could use a little refresh, but it's not bad enough to turn me away. On my most recent trip there (2/24/12) my bf and I both walked away feeling like the money spent there was well worth it. Our waiter, Glen, was outstanding, the manager came to our table twice to make sure we were having a good time, and the food was out of this world. Considering the variety on their menu, I already can't wait to go back! I have 3 things lined up in my head.  P.S. The Gentlemen's Cocktail is the best drink on the menu!
4	The fish is OK, given the expectations. Their crabcake is their signature item, and is DELICIOUS; make sure to try it.
4	Been here a total of 3 times, all for different occasions. Have been satisfied every time. Probably the best Jumbo Lump crab cakes you can find in Pittsburgh. Freshest of fish, one time I got the Halibut with a mandarin orange finish and it tasted really fresh and very well done. Most recently, I ordered the Mahi Mahi with cranberry sauce and it was also very well prepared and tasted awesome. Every time I stop by, the service is impeccable, i'm always surprised at how much the wait staff have memorized for the every changing menu. I definitely recommend ordering some side dishes, you can't go wrong with a few Oysters on a half shell to start and then some Lobster Mac & Cheese to compliment your meal. Finally, they have a great Dessert menu, twice now i've gotten the White Chocolate Macadamia Mousse, honestly there isn't much better you can do to finish off a wonderful meal. Big enough to share with 2 or 3 too.
4	My friend did a little research on the city before we headed out to find grub. Grandview had several highly rated restaurants so we headed that way. First, the view on Grandview is beautiful! Regardless of the place you chose to eat at you will be blessed with a postcard worthy shot of the city. FYI - Directly across from the restaurant there's a little place with a historic write up and place to just sit and survey the city.Honestly I wasn't sure what to expect from the outside. It looked simply like an generic restaurant on an older hotel but we opted to go inside. The restaurant is at the top of the hotel. At street level there is a gorgeous view, so needless to say going up several more floors you are provided with an even more amazing view of the city. The main dining room was booked up so we ended up eating at the bar which was below the main dining room. The bar isn't as pretty as the dining room but we had a table right next to the window (something you can't generally get in the main dining room). The atmosphere was rather intimate - it was quiet and dimly lit - which was really nice. We were able to just relax, talk and take in that beautiful view. The service was excellent - our waitress left us alone but the minute I even thought I might want something she seemed to sense it and magically appeared. I ordered the salmon with the strawberry preparation. Again, I didn't know what to expect but the idea of strawberries paired with salmon intrigued me....... It was phenomenal!!!  I'm not sure how to describe it - the sauce was not sweet, nor did it taste especially like strawberries but it was incredibly yummy. My friend got this scallop and shrimp Alfredo pasta dish - the flavor was incredibly light. Most Alfredo dishes are so heavy and rich but this dish had a delicate flavor - not overwhelming - and the pasta was also this ruffled ribbon-like pasta instead of the traditional fettuccine. The prices are a little hefty ($30 for my salmon which just a fish and sauce) but the view, service and intriguing preparations really elevate this restaurant to that higher standard where I felt okay paying that much. I will be sure to come back during my future visits - even if it's just for a cocktail in the bar.
4	Went here with a group of folks for dinner, and we all enjoyed it.  I had the Copper River Salmon since it was in season, and it was cooked very well (medium rare).  It was served with the sweet potato polenta which I enjoyed as well.I can't wait to try it out again, they had a great selection of seafood - definitely recommend trying this place out!And in case you care, the bread served was delicious!  Jalepeno biscuits and some other types of bread...  Our carb conscious diners ended up eating some as well because it was just that good.  ;)
5	I love fish-- any kind of fish. And moving from the Jersey shore to Pittsburgh was a hard blow to my fish-loving self. However, Monterey Bay is THE BEST place to get seafood in Pittsburgh. Come prepared to spend money, because good fish in Pittsburgh is not cheap. I really enjoyed their Chilean Sea Bass, oysters, swordfish, and blue-fin tuna. Try to sit by the window-- especially at sunset. A gorgeous view of the three rivers is the perfect complement to a delicious meal.
5	Outstanding fish restaurant with amazing views.  Stellar service and comprehensive wine list.  I had the Virginia Striped Bass with mediterranean sauce.  Excellent on all levels and highly recommended.
4	First off, the valet parking was only $6.  My gentlemen's cocktail (a modified Manhattan) was too sweet, and my wife's and sister in law's cocktails not cold enough.  The view is world-class, the service was excelent and the food may be Pittsburgh's best.
4	Food, 2 stars, let's be honest, one can't break the good food with a great view paradox.5 stars for the view.Round the average for the view.Just go for the view people.
5	My girlfriend and I recently celebrated our one year anniversary at Monterey.  And I have to say we definitely chose the right place.  Our reservation was for 7:30 and we were sat as soon as we walked in.    The food was wonderful we started off with an appetizer sampler that included a crab cake, Skewered fish, along with Cajun Shrimp.  I ordered the Stuffed Yellow Fin Tuna and my girlfriend ordered the Shrimp and Scallop fettuccine both were excellent.    However there was one thing better than the food and the view.  And that was the service.  Our Waitress, April was great.  She was friendly as could be and very knowledgeable of the menu and made great recommendations.    Overall I was very satisfied with Monterey and will without a doubt return in the future.
5	Fantastic view and awesome seafood!  I had the combo platter appertizer which consisted of 2 shrimp (I subbed cocktail for the spicey ones),1 large crabcake and a skewer of tuna,salmon,and a 3rd fish. I highly recommend it; even for the $22.  The caesar salad was giant and awesome.  Ask for Anchovies.  I packaged most of it up or I wouldn't be able to eat my Mahi Mahi Cape Cod style (highly recommend it).  No room for dessert.  Great for special occasions or for travelers.  It is not in-expensive but in-line with Mitchell's and McCormick and Schmick.  This beats the others.
4	Holy smokes, what a great view of the city! The selection of seafood is exceptional, and my swordfish dish was delicious. The food prices are expensive, but in line with what you would expect to pay for high end seafood. The prices for wine are another story. It's a nice wine list for sure, but the wine prices are just over the top. The majority of bottles on the list are over $100 per bottle. Most seem to be priced at 3-4x retail. For example, we paid $75 for a (nice) bottle of California Chardonnay that you can find in a liquor store for $20-24.One other complaint. Having a glass elevator with a view of the city is a nice touch. But you might want to consider washing the glass...it's pretty dirty.
4	Terrific view atop Mt. Washington. Terrible decor. Fake plastic trees, maybe wannabe art decor design. Disappointing decor given the view and high quality of food. Love the appetizers, including the crab cakes and seared tuna. My sea bass with pineapple and cajun seasoning was superb. Great drinks menu. Very, very extensive fish menu. All the fish is flown in fresh each day. I would without a doubt return.
3	Great view and wait staff. Food was good.
5	Let me start off by saying I am not a seafood eater.  The only seafood I like is shrimp.  With that being said, this is my new favorite restaurant.  We went here on Saturday night and everything from our drinks, our food, the service, and the view made for a really wonderful evening.  We arrived an hour prior to our reservation to have drinks.  I had the Dragonberry Mojito and this is my new fave drink.  It wasn't overly fruity, but just right.  We had the sampler as an appetizer which included Cajun sauteed shrimp, crab cake, and a hibachi skewer.  Since I only eat shrimp, I had the Cajun sauteed shrimp, and this was the best shrimp I have ever had.  I am also not a spicy person and the cajun seasoning was just right for me.  My boyfriend enjoyed the rest of the appetizer.  He also had the  butternut soup with crab meat and was ready for more.  I ordered the ribeye special and he had the blackened and cajun chargrilled salmon.  We also got shrimp fried rice as our side.  I can't even begin to describe how enjoyable and tasty all of my food was.  It was incredible.  Our waitress, Pam, was pleasant and funny.  The decor of the restaurant is a little strange, but with the view of the city and all the restaurant offers, that hardly matters.  (My mouth is watering just thinking about this.)
1	We suffered a very sorry meal at this allegedly highly rated restaurant.  The butternut squash tasted like almond paste.  My husband's crab claws arrived at the table, hardly cracked.  After serving us, the waiter disappeared and my husband had to get up from the table to ask for a claw cracker.  The waiter returned quickly enough, full of apology.  Apparently, this establishment expects their patrons to dig the crab out of the legs with a dinner fork and knife.  While the waiter was well-versed on the selection of fish available, when he was asked the size of the stone crab claws, he replied "a half pound".   The standard answer at restaurants whose specialty is stone crabs is "small, medium or large"......FAIL.   The owner would be well-advised to clean the carpeting and find an air freshener that doesn't smell like stale socks.   On the upside, the view of the city is incomparable.  Wish the food and service was close.
1	The first time I went to Monterey Bay, the only thing I remembered was the view. The second time I went, my salad had a hair in it. The third time, I was so displeased with my overall experience that I felt compelled to write something.I usually don't complain about service or food but to be treated the way I was on all levels is disrespectful. I understand you're trying to maintain a reputation on par with the other establishments along Grandview Avenue, but you're failing, Monterey Bay. On multiple levels.I've never made reservations for the dining room. Why should you when the bar downstairs is more romantic and almost always guarantees a view of the city? If you do ever venture to Monterey Bay, keep that in mind.I, along with two other people, saddled up to the bar and patiently waited for a table to become available. Naturally, we wanted a drink while we waited. That wouldn't have been a problem if our bartender didn't act like we didn't exist. Ok, Mr. Bartender, I get you are busy but the rudeness and unwelcoming environment you created is truly unnecessary. While I may look young, my money is just as good as everyone surrounding me. And actually you should be catering to me since I'm at an age where I have a "disposable income" to waste on things like a tip. You might have known that if you taken the time to ask me anything other than "drink?"We almost left after that. Unfortunately, a table opened up.Fifteen minutes after we sat at our table filled with dishes and glasses, I finally waved someone over. He apologized and cleared the table and sent our waitress over. Have you ever been scolded at a fine dining establishment? I have. It was really... interesting. Our waitress asked if we planned on eating, if we payed our bar tab, and a myriad of other questions you might ask a group of teenagers looking to dine-and-dash.She then proceeded to ignore us in favor of her 3 other tables (One was a couple celebrating their anniversary, one was a couple waiting for a table upstairs and the other was a family). She didn't make any recommendations, she barely engaged in conversation, and she gave us different dinnerware than everyone else. The last one is not a big deal but I notice these things.When our food came out it was cold. Not even under a heat lamp cold. It was just cold. And fish is not very tasty cold. My scallops were gritty and missing ingredients listed on the menu. And for the price, I expected my knife to melt through the scallop like it was hot butter. But I guess sawing through a scallop is ok too.It's a real shame I won't ever be going back to Monterey Bay because that snack mix they had at the bar was seriously amazing.
4	I came to this restaurant on Saturday night with a co-worker and his wife during an un-expected weekend trip to Pittsburgh.   This restaurant has a great view and it was a great way for a first timer to Pittsburgh like me to see the various areas of the city and the way the rivers connect and the skyline of downtown.  I was impressed by the wide selection of seafood, both type and preparation on the menu, so much I was pretty overwhelmed making my selection.  I am always impressed by restaurants that have the date on the top of their menu, showing that they change their menu daily based on what is fresh and available.I finally decided on the yellow fin tuna with the stuffed preparation, which had mushrooms, and goat cheese and finished with a marsala sauce.  Our party chose the fingerling potatoes and creamed spinach as our sides to split.  When my meal came I was extremely impressed by the presentation - it was a generous serving of tuna and the preparation with the mushrooms and sauce looked delicious.  It reminded me of a preparation you would normally see for steak rather than fish, but tuna being a meatier fish it could handle this preparation.The waitress had explained when we ordered that all fish is prepared to medium, except the tuna which is cooked to medium rare.  Well that was probably my only complaint about this dish - my tuna was cooked to a medium maybe even medium well (one inch thick steak with about a quarter inch of sear on either side) and I would have enjoyed it less well done.Our sides were also delicious!  I was unsure if I would enjoy the creamed spinach, but it was prepared au gratin (who doesn't love anything which has cheese on it) and was well seasoned with nutmeg and salt, but not too salty.  Overall my dining experience here was pleasant - good food and good atmosphere. Also the waitress was very well versed in the different preparation of the fish and took her time in lots of detail explaining their daily specials which I always appreciate in a higher end restaurant like this!
4	My bf took me for my birthday this year, and I really enjoyed it. The views were ahhhmazing and the interior decor was fun and classy at the same time. There was a little mix-up when we first arrived, however - they gave us a buzzer to wait for our table and we went down to the bar (which also has amazing views). I guess they forgot about us because when we went upstairs to check on our table 45 minutes later, they looked surprised and apologized and seated us immediately.  We ordered the crab cake appetizer (highly recommend the crab cakes, in fact, probably recommend just getting the crab cake entree). I got the seared ahi tuna stuffed with goat cheese, mushrooms, and spinach.  Honestly, cheese and ahi tuna dont belong together, but once i moved all the cheese to the side it was a really good entree. It was all expensive: for an appetizer, a (cheaper) bottle of wine, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, the bill came out to around $200, eek.  All in all, I would definitely return for another special occasion.
5	5 stars for best crab cakes I've ever had!  Best views of the city and great ambiance for a date or large groups.  Prices are also very reasonable.
2	I can't explain how many times I have been to this restaurant and been disappointed. As a native Pittsburgher, I have been here many times throughout my life. The decor is just cheesy and lame. Fake painted palm trees? Service? Not what I would expect for a restaurant that runs at minimum $50+ per person. You have to pay for valet parking. When I arrived at the restaurant the valets did not even walk up to my car and open the door, or my passenger door. I had a reservation and still had to wait 10 minutes to be seated at an empty restaurant. (lets not forget about the elevator ride). Food? I have had better seafood from Costco. They serve FARMED salmon. What kind of seafood restaurant does that? The crabcakes are the only thing that is good on the menu. Everything else is just terrible. I ordered a special earlier this year that included three items: Filet, Duck, and Yellow-fin tuna. I ordered the meat and duck medium rare and tuna rare. When the server brought out my meal, the duck and meat were barely cooked to "rare" temperatures. They were could throughout. I will happily eat rare meat, but rare duck is awful. I asked the server if she could have them cook the duck and meat a little longer (to medium rare temps). She argued with me that I was wrong and shouldn't be doing that. She took my food and brought it back. The meat and duck were even colder than they were the first time. $150 later, I left the restaurant frustrated and disappointed.
4	My boyfriend's parents took us here a few days before Christmas and it was just amazing. The ambiance is wonderful and the menu is mouthwatering. The views of the city are beautiful and it was nicely decorated for the holidays. There is a kabob fish appetizer that is killer- I believe it was called Ichiban. Amazing. I never saw the wine list as his dad ordered, but both bottles we got were great!Everyone got a different fish prepared in a different manner. I got scallops with a lobster sauce. It was tasty but SO SALTY, which is why I cannot give 5 stars. Everyone else's meal was really good. The dessert was also amazing! I had the creme brulee which was fantastic, and my boyfriend's mom got a bailey's cookie cheesecake which I could've eaten 5 of! Our waiter was SUPER duper attentive- almost annoyingly so, but I know he had good intentions! lol. All in all, it was a wonderful experience and great Saturday night treat. It was pricey, but worth it for a special occasion!
5	The food is very good. I wasn't particularity thrilled with my fish, because I like a little lighter fish, but the mixture it was cooked in, Monterey style, was delicious. And my friend's fish was quite good, along with the Caribbean style. The appetizer platter was fabulous, and I now understand why they are known for their crab cakes. The service was fabulous! April, our waitress, along with another gentleman that serviced our table, were very patient and kind with all of our needs. And the view.... Wow.
5	This was a very cool place to go. First To get to the restaurant we took a cab to the bottom of the Duquesne Incline and rode It to the top the views were incredible!! It's then a very short 2 min walk up a hill to the restaurant. We had reservations so we were seated immediately! The views were just as amazing in the restaurant. My gf and I wanted to buy a bottle of wine but we weren't  sure what kind we wanted and did not want to waste money on something we did not like considering most of the bottles are some what expensive. So we asked are waiter and he sent his manager right over. the manager was very nice he let us sample 3 different wines before we made up are minds up. We then ordered our food which was excellent!! We were very happy with choosing this restaurant. You won't regret going here if you choose to
5	The view is amazing easily carries the issues I have with the palm trees. The best place to take visiting guests who you want to be impressed with our city.
5	I took my boyfriend for his birthday dinner & I'm pretty sure he will never forget it! We had an amazing time! We went on a very busy Sunday night but we were still able to get a table right next to the front glass window. The view is absolutely amazing. Our server was very knowledgable about the different types of wine we were interested in. The maitre de came over to help us select the bottle that would accompany our meals with the best flavors. He could not have been more correct. We selected a Pinot Noir from Oregon and it made the night completely worth it!We started with a salad, of which I can't remember the name but it was good. For my entree I selected the Walu Escalar from Hawaii. It was prepared with a parmesan  cream based sauce and it was to die for! My boyfriend selected the Chilean Sea Bass prepared the Caribbean way. He was more than pleased. I had called ahead just to ask for the window table for his birthday dinner. Our hostess must have remembered and made a note of it because once we ordered the banana foster cheesecake, it came on a platter that said "Happy Birthday" in chocolate. It was the perfect touch to our amazing experience. We will be returning this summer for our anniversary & I cannot wait to see what the seasonal selections are.
3	Make sure you sit downstairs. Upstairs is fine, but ambiance downstairs is 100 % better. Preferably a seat on the far left, view overlooks the lovely Pittsburgh downtown skyline. Service was great. I did enjoy the swordfish. Shrimp appetizer was not bad. Food a little cookie cutter boring.
5	Many times I have thought to myself... if only I had more disposable income so I could come here more often. Not many restaurants have inspired this line of thinking in me, Monterey Bay being an obvious exception. The absolute freshest and best prepared fish/seafood in the Pittsburgh area hands down. Also, do yourself a favor and get the white chocolate, macadamia nut dessert thing. It's life changing. A few note-worthy observations...1) Reservations strongly recommended, use the same name every time you come [reasons/explanation below in 2, 3]2) I noticed a strong correlation between number of attendances and preferable seating. While it's simply a theory, I would venture to guess this hypothesis could be proven. The first time I came here we were placed in the most remote corner from the best views... with each time we came back we noticed that we got closer and closer to the best seating in the house (near the 3-rivers view). 3) Client profile? During one return visit, we were discussing wine selection and couldn't remember what we had chosen last time. The bottle was so good, we wanted to indulge again but couldn't remember what it was. Much to my surprise, a profile had been created under our reservation name and every wine bottle selection we had previously made was documented and recorded in a 'client profile' so to speak. This kind of service is unprecedented. I was somewhat in shock.4) After frequenting Monterey so much, the manager had somewhat come to know me and my husband a bit. He didn't remember our names necessarily, but remembered our faces and previous conversations we had. As a result, we were granted dessert on the house while dining in celebration of my engagement.
2	Note:  One star is for the view (at the location overlooking the city).  Thus the food only gets one star.My husband and I dined at Monterey Bay on a recent trip to Pittsburgh to see family.  Though I wouldn't have chosen Monterey Bay myself after reading online reviews, I was happy to be at the restaurant to enjoy the view.  The welcome by the staff and the ambiance at the restaurant are a great way to start a meal.  Unfortunately, it was all down hill from there.  Our meals lacked creativity and balance, but they were abundant in salt.   Even the butter for the bread was salted almost too much!   I had a special soup- it was way too mushroom-y and almost inedible because of the salt content. Another person had shrimp scampi; it was a pound of pasta and about 6-8 shrimp.  It was tasty, but totally unbalanced.   As a meal I had an appetizer- the Tuna Sashimi.  Though I'm sure the fish was fresh, it was too "chewy" and unappealing.  I was not impressed.  My husband's meal- also an appetizer- was also too salty and totally uninteresting.  The prices are outlandish given the quality of the food.  I would never go back here!!Go for the view, not the food!
5	Highest level dining experience, top 3 steak all-timeTravelled to Pittsburgh and wanted to try a fine dining establishment.  Monterey Bay fish grotto came up so made reservations.  Valet is a must in the dense Mt. Washington district, but not a big deal at all.  Because you are literally on a mountain overlooking downtown pittsburgh, the view from the restaurant is breathtaking.  There was a concert with all kinds of funky lights and after the baseball game fireworks!  The food was absolutely delicious and the waiter did a great job.  The steak I had was among the top 3 best I have had all-time at a restaurant.  Their crabcake was delightful as well.  A great dining experience that I wouldn't hesitate to repeat.
4	I liked the restaurant although the fake, painted poles supposed to look like palm trees are a little hokey.   The view of the city made up for that.   The food was delicious including the amazing crab cakes.  I'd definitely dine here again!
5	One of the best, most memorable meals of my life.  We had a party of 10 and everyones dinner was outstanding.  I had the sea bass with red curry and jasmine rice.  I still dream about it.
2	I came here for a pre-interview dinner, so I didn't pay for it. The food was really underwhelming, the view in the private room was very nice though. I had the house salad and ~50% of the lettuce was either frozen or obviously just thawed. I've never had this situation at a restaurant before and hope to never again. My entree was the yellow fin tuna which was supposed to be "sushi grade". The fish was under-seasoned and had the mushy texture of sashimi that's past its prime. The other sides on the plate could've come out of a home kitchen (in the sense that they were ordinary, not homey or comforting). I would eat there again for free but would never pay for it. This caliber of food would never fly at a "fine-dining" restaurant in any other metropolitan city I've lived in.
4	Very good food prepared the way it is intended to be enjoyed. One of my table mate's ordered Sushi grade tuna but for what ever reason chose to have it cooked well done or heated through. In my opinion that destroyed everything that makes sushi/sashimi food unique taste and mouth feel. He should have just ordered the blackened swordfish. My Scallops were awesome, cooked perfectly with not a bit of chewing gum style shellfish.
4	Ate there last night with my wife for our anniversary.  The staff was excellent and treated us like royalty.  The appetizer was very good and the special soup (crab creole bisque) was very spicy and excellent!  The food was very good and it's really hard to complain about a $10 corkage fee.  They also gave us a free dessert for our anniversary.  The carrot cake was incredible and my wife enjoyed her chocolate latte cake thing.My only complaint is that the shrimp appetizer and my chilean sea bass were not really hot.  They were not cold, but not hot either.  We'll go back again for another event.
5	My first trip here was for my cousin's rehearsal dinner in 2005. I had the crabcakes and they have had me ever since. My most recent visit was at the end of April. An old college roommate was in town shooting a video for a client, and our other roommate had recently moved back to the Burgh from DC, so I planned to come in for the weekend. Both friends are new mothers, and a dinner out- let alone with old pals- was a rare treat. I called the restaurant and let the host know of our special occasion. I feel like the host must have tweeted it or something, because from the moment we walked in, we were treated like gold. A manager even stopped by and ensured we were being taken care of! A great table with a spectacular view, attentive service (including accommodating my friend's dairy restrictions without missing a beat), and fantastic food. We shared an appetizer that came with roasted shrimp, a fish kebab, and a crabcake. Those crabcakes, damn! For my entree, I had the ahi tuna- it was fresh and buttery soft, yes!We lingered and laughed and told tawdry tales and no one rushed us out. Our server even told us usually tables of women aren't her favorite but we were a joy to serve. We left smiling ear to ear. Bravo, Monterey Bay!
5	Everything at Monterey Bay is executed from high-quality ingredients and with near perfection. I've never had a bad waiter - even average - and service is always prompt. I recommend making a reservation in the attempt to get a coveted seat by the hug bay windows; however, check out the bar downstairs, as the views are also amazing, and there is normally no wait time to just eat there. Dinner at Monterey Bay is a sure thing: You're sure to have a delicious meal, excellent service, and amazing views.
5	First off, the food is absolutely amazing.  A must visit. Plus the view is spectacular.  But tonight, my review is about the customer service - stellar.  There were a few mishaps with the meal, but if there was ever a way to salvage a mistake, MB did it with flying colors.  The management handled everything perfectly.  But the real applause goes to Jessica, who works in the lounge.  She is on her game, knows how to treat a customer, and, well, is VERY easy on the eyes...  She's the reason I'll definitely be going back.Great food, great view, and amazing customer service.
4	With spectacular views of Pittsburgh, stellar service, and incredible food, Monterey Bay Fish Grotto is definitely a "go to" for that special occasion dinner (an anniversary, milestone birthday, graduation, etc...).  After coming here with the family to celebrate my brother's college graduation, I came away extremely pleased with the quality of the food, the service, and the overall experience.  Really terrific all around.Everything I had that night tasted terrific and was presented beautifully.  My spicy tomato soup with crab had just the right amount of heat, complemented by a good amount of tender crab.  The seafood sampler allowed us to taste their savory crabcake, jumbo shrimp, and ichiban.   I also very much enjoyed my Chilean Sea Bass carribean style (with pineapple, jamaican jerk spices, and peppers), and the white chocolate mousse dessert was terrific.My only complaint is that despite the exceptional flavor the food, the menu does not seem to be terribly inventive or original.  Yes, there are good dishes and drinks and everything looks and tastes amazing, but the fare here is by no means unique.  It doesn't seem terribly out of place at any other upscale restaurant, banquet hall, or steakhouse.  Otherwise, it's definitely a great place to go for that special occasion, and also when you want dinner with a view.
5	Brought the in laws here for dinner. Very pretty set up with a beautiful view. If available, you could ask the waitress to give you a table by the window. Food was pretty good. In laws loved it.
4	To me, this is more of a special occasions restaurant.  And everyone comments on the wonderful seafood, blah blah blah.  But you are going here for the incredible view of the city.  Admit it.  As for me, I really thought that I was going to get that big fat romantic proposal.  But if you've seen my finger, it's still bare naked.
3	Cajun snapper, stuffed tuna, she-crab bisque - awesome. Don't get the lobster mac (I know this sounds counterintuitive, trust me.)  It's the worst mac and cheese I've had, ever. A greasy mess.  Don't they know how to make a roux?
3	This place doesn't deserve five stars. Three is about right.In short: the view is excellent but the food is merely good. If you want a view, come here, but if you want great fish, I'd recommend other places, such as Casbah, Park Bruges, or Umi.At Monterey Bay, I had the trout almondine, which they promised to be lightly sauteed, but I found it to be overcooked and heavy with butter that left an oily aftertaste in my mouth. The caesar salad and dessert I shared were good but not great. When this place wins best seafood and similar awards, it's not for the food, but for the view.Our meals were about $53 per person including tip, but without drinks.
4	Awesome place for a date with great views.  This is near the Duquesne Incline.  The restaurant is on the very top of a building.  You can get great views of the entire downtown Pittsburgh, you can see Heinz Field, and the bridges to the left and right of Point State Park.  The night view is amazing.  You can get up here by driving or taking an incline and walking over. We had the Opah (Blacked cajun cooked) and Walu (carribean cooked).  These are 2 types of Haiwaiian fish.  The opah tasted a little dry and the Walu was very juicy.  This place is not cheap and the portions are small.  Service is good and you need to make a reservation because it does get packed.  One option is to sit in the lounge (no reservation needed) and have your food there.  They have a dress code but they are lenient on this.  Try to request for a window seat if possible.
5	Great service, great food, great view!
5	I just ate at Monterey Bay Fish Grotto for the first time this past weekend as part of a wedding party reheresal dinner.  Let me just mention that I hate seafood and seafood restaurants most of the time because I find them to be stinky!  This was place did not smell fishy at all!  The service was excellent!  I had the half chicken with rice and mixed veggies.  It was FANTASTIC!  Other people who did order fish raved about the crab cakes and the sword fish.  After dinner we sampled a few different types of desserts and I highly recommend the New York style cheesecake- it was the best cheese cake that I have ever had!  We were accomodated with a small private room for the rehersal dinner and had a fanstastic view of the city.  I will be back for sure!
2	We had family in to Pittsburgh for the very first time from Indiana. The trip was planned for months and being from Pittsburgh myself I wanted them to experience Mt Washington and the incredible view as well as what I believed would be one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh. We were a party of 5 and made our reservation for Saturday night September 21st at 9pm in order to not be in the busiest time period. We arrived at 5 minutes to 9 and were rudely treated at first by the valet parking attendant as the entry to the valet parking area is actually very tight and very confusing. He literally shouted at us to "back up" and in general just made us feel like school kids!!.....well up in the elevator to the restaurant itself and indeed the views are spectacular....unfortunately that was the last "spectacular" item of the evening. After checking in at the host stand it took another 15 minutes before out table was ready??....and it was NOT busy at this stage and as above one of the reasons we made the later booking. After being seated it was at least another 10 minutes before anyone came to attend to us other than getting served ice water???....the waitress finally came to the table and gave us the menus and told us of the specials....took our cocktail orders and was off.....another 10 minutes passed and finally we were served 1 small bread basket with one small dish of butter....for 5 people??....still no cocktails but we placed an appetizer order and also our entree order as well as we were really hungry at this point.....well another 10 minutes passed and still no cocktails or appetizers.....we had devoured the small bread basket long ago so we asked another different waiter if we could get another basket and it seemed like we were asking for something way out of line???.....finally our waitress came back to our table (after we observed her across the room at another table chatting for at least 10 minutes) and asked about our cocktails which by now had been ordered about 20 minutes ago.....5 minutes later the cocktails arrived and 5 minutes after that the appetizers arrived....had oysters rockefeller which were cold and just very bland in general. Approximately another 15 minutes later our entrees arrived and as 3 in our group had ordered steaks we found that all 3 were NOT at anywhere near the requested level of temperature other than the one filet that had been requested as medium well and since it was butterflied it had been cooked to a piece of shoe leather!!!....the other 2 were to be medium and were basically what anyone would call very rare to rare at best....with the length of time it had taken just to get served we were not about to try and send anything back....the one Chilean Sea Bass entree was very good....the salmon entree was again cold, bland and just not what one would expect from a establishment with the reputation the Monterey Bay Fish Grotto was supposed to have....oh and the $12 tricolor roasted potatoes were also cold, bland and tasteless!!.....we ate what we could and left after a $400 bill with significant disappointment!!.....I know some will say why did you go to the "Fish Grotto" and order steaks but thats what our group chose and if it is on the menu and at the prices charged they also should be nothing short of excellent which they were NOT....having dined all over the Pittsburgh area for the last 35 years I can assure diners who are looking for a great dining experience that there are FAR BETTER choices than the MBFG.....unless you want to spend $80 per person (with NO wine) just for the chance of having a table with the great view I highly suggest you look elsewhere even on Mt Washington....as per the title simply not even close to "The Standard" expected and deserved.
2	There is just no arguing that the Monterey Bay Fish Grotto has amazing views. Simply spectacular.  Inside, it has a nice decor and comfortable atmosphere.  That is where things began to break down.  The wine service was disappointing for a Wine Spectator Award of Excellence restaurant.  I ordered a specific vintage of Pinot Noir and reiterated the year to the waitress. The wine steward brought the wrong vintage, very poor for such a highly rated restaurant.  She was able to find the right bottle after I pointed out the error to her, but I shouldn't have had to point it out.  I also ordered the fish special, which came at a premium price, but it arrived lukewarm.  Again, disappointing. The food and wine "experience" downgraded the overall evening and showed that you can't live on ambiance alone in the restaurant business.  It will make me think twice before dining at the Monterey Bay Fish Grotto again.
3	Entrees are too salty. Lobster bisque soup was a failure but Crab cake is one of those Must-Try.
5	This restaurant is a must for all looking for a great meal in Pittsburgh. As a tourist, it is the perfect experience: exceptional view (you can go up the Dusquene Incline and being on Mount Washington you can see the three rivers of Pittsburgh), excellent food (fresh fish flown in daily), romantic atmosphere, and great service (attentive and friendly). Of course, this comes with a premium price, but worth the splurge on a special night out.It is difficult to get a table during peak hours (especially on weekends), so I definitely recommend booking a reservation through OpenTable - which was hassle free. Ask for a table near the window upon arrival for a better view.Although pricy, I found that the entree was filling enough to skip out on the appetizers. We tried the lobster bisque, it was quite good but a tad saltier than I would of liked, but have a strong lobster flavor to it.What you MUST order: the dish that was the biggest hit was the MARYLAND CRAB CAKES. Probably the best I have eaten. Absolutely delicious. Second place goes to the grilled scallops - not the most flavorful I have eaten but you get 5 large pieces so it seems worth it. By popular demand, I got the Chilean Sea Bass in Caribbean - it was good/buttery/prepared well but didn't really wow me for some reason. Personally thought the sauce was really good and does 'wet' my appetite, but overwhelmed the 'natural' taste of the fish. Yellow fin tuna was also ordered - unfortunately not my favourite as it had a steak-y taste and texture to it.If you haven't been to Pittsburgh, I suggest this on your bucketlist.
5	If you are looking for fresh seafood and great service, look no further. Appetizer: combo platter... ask for it.  It will set the stage for a wonderful meal. Comes with crab cake, several small tastes of grilled varied fish, and a couple of Cajun grilled shrimp. Superb. Main meal: I had scrod, Monterey topping. Very fresh, light fish and the combination of olives, artichokes, tomato, mushrooms was a great addition to the mild fish. Husband had crab cakes and swears they are the best he's ever had. Big chunks of flavorful crab meat with remoulade.  Yummy, yummy. Side dishes are served family style and one is enough for two people. Extensive wine and drinks menu. Very enjoyable evening, killer views, and delicious seafood worth every penny. Don't pass it up if you get the chance to go here
3	Wine list is ok, not what I would have expected for a Wine Spectator award winner, and the markup is ENORMOUS. Generally the fish menu is sustainable but when I commented to the waitress about the CRITICALLY ENDANGERED Chilean sea bass she didn't even know the difference between farmed and wild caught fish let alone what sustainable meant - wait staff needs to be trained on that. Quality and flavor of the dinners was great overall, but the risotto side dish had zero flavor - where's the salt?? Beautiful view but in my opinion NOT totally worth $100 per person for dinner...and that didn't even include an appetizer or dessert!
5	One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh! If you love fresh fish you must try this place! There are fish from several seas from all over the globe. All of the sides are a la carte and somewhat shareable for maybe 2-3 people. The date salad is to die for! I've never had the same thing twice and I've never had a bad experience!!
2	Maybe it was an off day but 3 out of 3 things we tried just weren't that great. The view is AMAZING but the food was pretty mediocre unfortunately (Three strikes you're out!). It's probably better to just come here for drinks to be honest. At least the service was very friendly.Chilean seabass with korean bbq preparation. It sounded great... but.. it didnt taste very impressive. When I think seabass I think flaky, buttery tasting fish. This was kinda dry and mostly tasteless. Maybe they cooked it too long, I dunno? But it didnt taste like anything special, ESPECIALLY for $39. Probably the worst seabass I've had to be honest.Lobster mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was runny and just not that good. Usually mac and cheese is rich, gooey and tasty but not this one. It ended up with a bunch of watery sauce in the plate and while it wasn't terrible, it def was not good.Fettucini with salmon. Of all the things this was probably the best... of the worst. It was ok. If it was 12 bucks id probably be like "you know that wasnt so bad" but it was nothing to write home about. My pasta ended up stuck together in a huge mass that practically needed to be cut to separate. The salmon chunks that came with it were ok. Nothing special.Basically I would NEVER eat dinner here again. They've won awards so maybe I just had an off night. Regardless, I just can't recommend you eat here. Come here and go downstairs and get some drinks and enjoy the view, skip the food.
5	I just went here for the first time in about 5 years for NYE and I was very impressed.  The food was delicious.  We had the crab cake appetizer, french onion soup, the salmon with strawberry sauce, macadamia encrusted halibut, and the white chocolate macadamia mousse.  Everything we ordered was perfection...there wasn't a single thing that we didn't like!  On top of the delicious food, the service was top-notch.  Even on a busy holiday evening, we were seated on-time and the server was very attentive and friendly.  I think this place is well worth what you pay for and I will definitely be back soon!
5	Awesome food. The table had crab cakes, sea bass, seared tuna, and bbq'd salmon. Each was prepared expertly, and cooked perfectly. The tuna was especially good, with a delicious crust and a perfectly rare middle.The service was exceptional. The view was gorgeous. The bill at the end of the night was... well, for what you get, you know what the bill is going to look like.
5	Perfect destination for a special occasion. The view of Pittsburgh's skyline and all three rivers is beautiful and complemented the amazing service. Our server was extremely personable and knowledgable about the menu. His recommendations did not disappoint. The warm, romantic ambiance of the dining room makes you want to stay even after you've finished your meal. Everything from the crabcake appetizer, lobster bisque, entrees, dessert and cappuccinos were delicious.
4	This is a great place for the view, the romantic ambiance, and the service.  The food, unfortunately, is hit-or-miss - especially considering the price.We had a reservation at 9:30 on a busy night.  Fortunately, the dining rush was dying down by then and we were quickly seated by a corner table (tables on the northeast side will get you a better view of the Pittsburgh skyline).  The waiters were friendly and courteous, and the manager came out to deliver our wine selection.  True to the restaurant's name, the menu featured a copious selection of fish.  (I'm pretty sure that being at the top of a tall building on top of a hill overlooking a city is the opposite of being a grotto, though.)We started with a sampler of various appetizers that included shrimp, crab cakes, and a fish skewer.  These all had great flavor and texture and paired well with their respective sauces.I had the whole bronzini classically prepared with tomatoes, onions, capers, and olives.  The kitchen delivered a solid performance on this one - crispy skin with tender flesh and a good balance of flavors.  I managed to sneak a few bites of my date's lemon sole, which was unfortunately overdone and in want of a sauce.  If you don't mind eating whole fish, that's what I would recommend - it's much harder to screw up the preparation.We shared the chai tea cake for dessert, which was also perfectly acceptable.  There were many interesting choices available, though, and we had a hard time deciding.Moral of the story - this is a great place for a fancier date or night out, but don't expect amazing food.  Oh, and the wine list is fairly extensive and expensive, even by fancy restaurant mark-up standards.
3	The view of downtown is great; the food? not so much -- very limited ingredients on the plate, we both ordered fish and neither dish was good enough to match the view. The fish was too tight and overcooked, and the source didn't work that well with the fish. Overall it's just fine
4	I would definitely recommend coming here for the perfect mid-week date night.  We had reservations on a late Monday night and it was not packed at all.  Service was excellent.  The drinks were so-so.  I tried the two off of the specialty drink menu and one cosmopolitan.  The soup of the day was a fire-roasted tomato with shrimp and crab.  That was excellent, especially if you like spicy food!  I ordered the Mahi Mahi cape cod style, which was cranberries and orange in a very light sauce.  I think it would have been much better if the sauce had more of a thickness so it would stick on the fish.  The fish itself was cooked nicely.  Overall, the view was phenomenal, food was delicious, and drinks were alright.  I would definitely come back for dinner again!
4	Came here to celebrate with my family and had a genuinely wonderful experience.  The views and service are spectacular and what you expect from a fine dining restaurant like this. Over all the food was very good, though some dishes were better than others. My family had all different cuts of fish and they were all prepared expertly. My scallops stuffed with crab were the only minor disappointment, and they were fine, just not exceptional, nor worth 38$! The prices are seriously up there, but within the realm of reason for most things. Definitely only a special occasion restaurant but still very good. Only thing I'd change today would be their music! Odd pan flute selections made me think I was in a yoga studio, not a restaurant. So strange!
3	THE GOOD:The view and the service. Specifically request a view by the window, and you'll be awestruck the whole meal by the amazing view of Pittsburgh - the restaurant's main redeeming characteristic. Our waiter was also very pleasant and attentive. THE BAD:The food, yo. And the prices. I am continually disappointed by the food at upscale, pricey restaurants. The food just doesn't live up to the hype, and the Fish Grotto was no exception. I didn't like the meal I got at all (one of their more expensive fish), and enjoyed my salad appetizer and the free bread significantly more, in fact. THE UGLY:The atmosphere. It's themed like the tropics, I guess? With huge fake palm trees everywhere? It sort of reminded me of the cheesy casino in the 1990s movie The Mask. Not really the upscale atmosphere I look for in an expensive meal out. IN SUMMATION:If you want to cruise up the duquesne incline and end at a restaurant, I wouldn't really pick this one, especially since you can see the view of the city for free outside. The food isn't worth it, especially for these prices.
5	This review is from Dennis.  My wife will have to review when I make a special trip to take her to this restaurant (no small feat considering we live in Wisconsin!)The view, service and food were all exceptional.  My waiter, Mark, was friendly and helpful.  I was dressed in jeans and work boots, but that didn't seem to matter (maybe to the other patrons who were dressed in suits it did).  I was told to expect high prices by a business associate, so I was prepared for the sticker shock. I had an appetizer sampler platter of a crab cake, sword fish, seared tuna, and salmon, cooked to perfection and just the right balance of a glazed sauce.  The crab cake was not like a traditional crab cake, with more "cake" (filling) than crab. Hard to find ANY filling as it was mainly crab.  Best that I have had.  The presentation of the appetizers and main meal (scallops) was also perfect. You should figure spending close to $100 per person for an appetizer, meal, drink and tip.  If it comes in less than that, consider yourself lucky.  Personally, I thought it was worth every penny.
4	Came here with some co-workers for dinner. It was not really busy. When I first walked in, it was a bit outdated. When we got to the top floor I as surprised to see how big the restaurant was. The views are amazing, we got to see the sunset which was really nice. They have a great wine list. The food (I got the sea bass) was really good and cooked perfect. I can see why people recommend this place, they do have great seafood. Everyone at my table enjoyed their meal. The waitress we had was very attentive and manager checked in on our table as well. The desserts they have were good too. I really like this place but they do need to update decor. The have on the lower lever of the restaurant a bar area which is a great place to look out at the view and have drinks. Very laid back but classy atmosphere.
4	Excellent place with terrific views.  And the food is delicious.
5	We went here tonight for my birthday. Fantastic. The soup special was clam chowder and it was by far the best soup I have ever had. Not just the best clam chowder but the best soup ever!!! Loved our waitress, the appetizer for 2 is a must. I would literally eat this every day if I could! Monterey Bay is one of my favorite places in the whole world. You should eat here. As often as you can!
5	Wow! Wow! Beautiful views on top of a ridge overlooking the city.  In order to get to the dining room you have to ride a exterior glass elevator climbing the building! Cannot get any better.!!Beautifully prepared fish, great wine selection, desserts, the views.  Rank this place high on my scale of ten.  Excellent service, excellent food, you have to go here.
3	Somewhere between 3 and 4 stars. This is one of the best locations, if not simply the best, for a restaurant in Pittsburgh, and if you are lucky to be close enough from a window (as we were), you will impress your dinner guests! Now, not all tables are close to the windows, and some tables don't benefit from the view at all. I wonder how people are assigned to tables.The food is based on fish, and the menu is impressive, with a beautiful list of fish. We had various fish dishes, but the clear winner was the sea bass (with pineapple - usually I am not a fan of pineapple in my food, but this dish was very successful). The other fish were good, but not nearly as tasty. Some were a bit bland. The risotto was good, the lobster mac and cheese not impressive.The desserts are decadent - in a good and bad way. They are really very sweet and heavy, too much for the taste of our table. I'd recommend to share a few (we had 3 for 5, and this was too much, including angel food grilled cheese sandwich and macadamia mousse). Overall, the food was decent, but the prices - very high for Pittsburgh - call for something better and more interesting. Too many fish dishes were good, but a bit bland.Finally, our waiter was terrible. She pushed to consumption, insisting that we take some appetizers; she lost track of our bottle, and pretended it was empty, while we had only drank half of it; she put water on one of us...
5	This restaurant is my absolute favorite restaurant on mt. washington.They not only have amazing food, but they also have stunning view, exotic interior, and tasty cocktails. FOOD - I have tried many fish dishes and almost all appetizers and I was never disappointed. However, I didnt really like their steaks. Also, their cocktails are all great(flavorful and not so strong). Oh and one thing I hated that I had was their lobster bisque. It was too salty, so we asked them if they could make it less salty, but we still couldnt eat it because it was way too salty.SERVICE - I went there for my friends' bdays and my anniversary, and every time, they gave us free desserts with special writings on them. Also, servers frequently ask us if we need anything, and they are pretty quick and very friendly.AMBIANCE - its a great place for big groups, couples, and families in special events.
5	I love this restaurant. I had my rehearsal dinner in the private room here and they were amazing. All of the food came out incredible, the service was terrific, and everyone had only good things to say. It also has the greatest view of downtown Pittsburgh and I like to come here for special occasions. The fresh fish can't be beat!
5	Awesome! I've never been here before. It is quite a few floors up, you take an elevator to the actually restaurant. I took my boyfriends mother. We were sat by a window with an amazing view of the city. To start, we had shrimp cocktail and oysters. Best shrimp cocktail ever. For dinner, she had halibut that was in a sort of orange basil sauce and a colorful potato mix. I had tuna that was stuffed with spinach and goat cheese with a marsala sauce, and crab Mac and cheese. Everything was delicious, and our server, Jeff, who was PERFECT, even helped me pick a great drink. It was a martini with makers mark, and I believe peach liquor, simple syrup, and lemon juice? I can't wait to go back!
5	One of the best meals I've had! Took a couple clients here - the views, service and quality of fish rivals that of any on the coast. Halibut with Thai Peanut, risotto, beet salad with the angel food grilled cheese (yeah, really) - absolutely amazing!
4	This is one of my favorite and cool restaurant.  The views, services, ambiance and fish are great. Try the Chilean Sea bass!However, their price is high for Pittsburgh.
4	5/5 for view (Get a window seat!), absolutely stunning views. 5/5 for waitstaff, friendly and professional. We ordered a plate of oysters that my mother deemed not fresh enough, and they they immediately took it off our check3/5 for food. What do you expect from seafood this far inland? The sauce on my halibut was a little too sweet for my liking, and the oysters weren't fresh, but otherwise it was fine, not amazing
2	I came here last night with my rents to celebrate my mom's birthday, and it was a disappointing experience overall! The view and service both get 5 stars, but the food was mediocre at best.  We started with two apps:  the Calamari & the Mussels (Limoncello style).  Both were "eh".  The Calamari was soggy and greasy, BUT the dipping sauces that accompanied the dish were tasty.  The mussels were ok - the flavor itself was actually unique and interesting, but the portion size was weak.  Huge shells with tiny morsels of meat inside *sad face*Although our apps were weak, we had high hopes for our entrees.  I was stoked to get my Monterey style Cod (with artichoke hearts, tomato, garlic, green onion and muschrooms, sauteed in a Marsale wine sauce).  My dish was a serious mess.  There was absolutely no flavor, and my fish was severely overcooked.  I was pretty unhappy (understatement of the day).  I had to douse my food in tabasco to fork it down.  Sad times all around.My parents ordered stuffed Scallops and crabcakes, and although their dishes were much better than mine, they weren't particularly impressed either.  Monterey Bay's supposed to be a legit seafood restaurant, but the only good food I had was the French Onion Soup and bread (which were both awesome).  I wish I could give this place a better rating because the waitstaff was amazing and the view was spectacular, but the food just wasn't up to par.
4	This place is awesome. Yes its pricey but the food is amazing and so is the view. My family ordered the seafood platter as an appetizer, for our entrees we had the crab cakes (which they are known for), the stuffed shrimp and the strawberry salmon. We also had the risotto as a side. Everyone loved their meals. Out waiter was very attentive and the manager came to our table on 2 separate occasions to make sure everything was going well. He explained they are renovating in January and was very adamant about us giving our suggestions for things they need to work on or change. If you're are willing to splurge for a meal or are celebrating a special occasion, this place is great, probably the best seafood in Pittsburgh.
5	I could talk about the view, the tuna, the atmosphere, any of the obvious things that made this place great.  But the brussel sprouts...wow.  I'm a meat and potatoes guy, but even the brussel sprouts were perfect.  Pricey?  Yes.  But I felt I got every penny's worth.  It's a real gem.
5	5 Stars!  Found this place on a whim, dined solo for a late lunch and it blew my mind. View = amazing. Table = amazing Service = AMAZING Food = also amazing!
4	Good view by the window and good service in this restaurant. Especially the desserts! The crab cakes are yummy and served in a perfect size!
3	Okay, I do have to agree with most. The view makes up for the tacky 'palm trees' in the center of the dining room and the rest of the outdated decor. I did however hear that they will do a complete renovation in January, which is promising. I dined in for lunch with my mom and two girls last Friday. The hostess and waitress were very pleasant. The service was however painfully slow for lunch, which should be quick in my opinion. Power lunch, right? We were the first ones seated, and therefore our request to have a corner table overlooking the city was granted. This was, after all, what we came for.I had the lobster Caesar. The salad was over dressed, but nicely seasoned, however the lobster was a sad display. Not much there and appeared to be scraps. Disappointing overall, especially considering the price.My girls ordered from the children's menu - pasta and a hamburger. The pasta was fine, however the burger was completely charred all the way through and not edible. The fries thankfully made up for it. (When we were finally approached to be asked what was wrong with the burger, we had already paid the check.)My mom had the scallops. They were beautiful and delicious. I don't quite understand the cole slaw on the side (served on the same warm dish of scallops), especially since she had ordered a different side dish, but that's just me.The most frustrating part of the meal was that the children had to wait for the adults to be served, which in my opinion was already far too long. We ended up asking for the check before the opportunity to clear the table even arose. We obviously skipped desserts, having already been in the restaurant for well into an hour and a half.Overall impression: Not impressed. Will give it another chance one day after the renovations are made. Perhaps they will also be sprucing up in the kitchen!? Disappointed there were no fish tanks to show the children, either. :(
5	This was our 3rd time visiting Pittsburgh, and our 3rd time at Monterey Bay Fish Grotto.  Just like the prior 2 times, it was excellent.  Great food, very good service, and spectacular views of the city.  You can't go wrong with this place.
5	We had been wanting to try this restaurant for some time and are so glad we did. Everything was excellent.The food was outstanding: We started with the featured appetizer special, which was simply outstanding. We also enjoyed the two dinner specials and a bottle of wine from the wide selection on the wine list. The service was impeccable.The view was fantastic. We did not have a window seat, but sat in the "second row" on the upper level. I think the view was just as good, and we did not feel rushed. In fact, our server encouraged us to take our time and enjoy ourselves.The service was great from start to finish: valet parking, reception, server, sommelier, etc.We are looking forward to a return visit.....
5	I had the most positive and best birthday dinner I could ever imagine here. I was joined with a girlfriend who was treating me. Our waiter was very professional and gave us dining recommendations.We started off with a glass of wine. I had the signature crab cakes with a side of asparagus and red peppers. My girlfriend ordered the surf and turf. Both meals were exceptionally delicious. We had bread with our meal as well. Please note that everything here is ala carte and there is no Wi Fi. Valet parking is $6.00. There is no self parking.Before I ordered dessert the waiter told me it was on the house and I ordered a while chocolate mousse with praline cookies. It came with a candle and two plates for us to share. It was very good. We sat at a table that overlooked the city and had pictures taken.Our waiter did everything to make my birthday special. This is one of the best seafood restaurants in Pittsburgh and will gladly come again.
4	Luckily the view grabs your attention before the poorly placed Palm tree paintings. My boyfriend and I had soup for an appetizer, very good. I had the crab cakes for the main course, also tasty. The shared dishes left something to be desired. They were not bad by any means, but I am in no hurry to go back.  Wait staff was great. Very friendly, and let us take our time over a bottle of wine.
5	Great view, great service, have a great night with my friends. Only a little bit expensive.
5	Made reservations the day of to celebrate our wedding annivesary. Never having been to this restaurant before we we excited to experience the fresh seafood this establishment prepares. Our waiter Chad was excellent in his recommendations for appetizers, Maryland crab soup and pistachio, mandarin salad with goat cheese in a blood orange vinegarette. Very flavorful and would have been satisfied with these as our main entrees. He suggested the Chilean sea bass with macademia crusted topping and the grouper with the artichokes.,olives and mushrooms. Loved both of these dishes as they were extremely tasty and full  of flavor. Sea bass was our top choice. They also provided us with a free dessert for our annivesary, the angelfood cheese sandwich. We usually sway towards chocolate for desserts but wanted to try something different.  Best non chocolate  dessert  we ever had. Definitely  was worth the two hour drive to get here.Will come back after  they renovate in January. Palm tress are coming down. Can't wait to see the make over. Thanks  for a memorable evening  with the amazing view of the city !
1	This place is beautiful. The food is okay but very expensive. The reason for one star is that one of our party became violently ill after dining there. We believe it could be food poisoning related to the walleye. When I called to report this to management I did not get an empathetic response. The message I got was essentially "not our fault". No caring whatsoever. In looking at other postings I saw other reports of possible food poisoning. While we do not know if our food poisoning was related to the restaurant be forewarned that you will not get a sympathetic ear if you report it.
5	Can I move in here?Bobby surprised me last weekend and took me out to dinner on Saturday night. We made reservations and we got right in and seated. The service was lovely and the dinner was wonderful.Unlike so many other places on Mount Washington where you just climb a set of stairs to have a second floor view of the city, at Monterey Bay Fish Grotto you actually get in an elevator and go WAY up. The views are beautiful!Once inside the restaurant, you are greeted by a very friendly person who has the waitstaff escort you immediately to your table.FI and I split the calamari. FI isn't a big seafood fan (I know, I know) but he took me here because he knows that I love seafood! I couldn't believe it but he actually really enjoyed the calamari!After that, I ordered one of the specials of the night -- Chilean sea bass that came with butternut squash and some kind of tomato risotto. It was AMAZING! Seriously so so good.As if things couldn't get any better, I ordered the angel food grilled cheese for dessert. It sounds weird, but believe me when I tell you this was seriously up there with the best desserts I've ever eaten (and I've consumed many, many desserts). Honestly, if I were to choose my last dessert on earth, it might be this.Can't wait to return!
5	This place was AMAZING! My family and I have been to many fish and steakhouses before but this one was truly remarkable! First of all, it's a beautiful restaurant with a gorgeous view! Unfortunately, we didn't get the view of the city but we still got to watch a beautiful sunset as we enjoyed our meals. This place is so accommodating. We walked in without a reservation and luckily someone just canceled their reservation so we got their table! We were so lucky! The staff was very polite as well. On the menu, there were over 15 different fish to order. It was amazing! My father got the Walu cooked in the Caribbean style and loved it! I got one of their specials, the Surf and Turf. It was absolutely amazing! For dessert, we all shared the Angel Food Cake Grilled Cheese. OH MY GOD IT WAS SO GOOD! Give this dessert a try because it's absolutely amazing! I strongly suggest going to the restaurant. It was a great experience for my family.
5	My first time in town and my boyfriend took me here for their well-known fresh seafood.We ordered a sampler appetizer, two Chilean Sea Bass with Caribbean-Jerk spices with pineapple, red peppers and chives as well as a side of asparagus and red peppers.Food:The sampler appetizer included 2 tiger shrimps, crab cake, and 5 bite size pieces of swordfish, salmon and tuna.- Chilled jumbo shrimps were fresh, bouncy and flavourful with the cocktail sauce.- Crab cake was fresh and soft with loads of crab meats instead of breadcrumbs.      *Best crab cake I ever had. - Five bite size pieces of fresh swordfish, salmon and tuna taste very unique with the Ancho chili mayonnaise.-The Chilean Sea Bass was very tasty, soft, fresh and full of flavours. It's sweet with a hint of spicy jerk taste.  -Asparagus and red peppers side dish was delicious.Atmosphere:It has a spectacular city night view and the atmosphere is very romantic and classy. I really like the palm trees decors. It's a great place to celebrate any kind of special occasion.Service:Excellence service!! The waiter is very friendly and courteous. He's always on the roll of keeping our table spotlessly clean and our glass cups were never empty. Also the manager stopped by our table to ensure everything is going well.Overall, this was a very memorable experience and one of the best highlight of my trip. Excellent quality of food and service! I'll be looking forward to my next trip to Pittsburgh for more delicious seafood food at Monterey Bay and hopefully we'll get the window seats.
3	My sweet loving partner took me here for my graduation day celebrating 5 long agonizingly splendid years of college. I thought the elevator up was so very cool mind you I was scared of heights. We arrived mid-afternoon it was a pretty muggy day, the VIEW was still astounding and the interior was fancy looking at first. There were large awkward shaped pillars in the centers on the room holding everything up most likely. They didn't fool anyone by painting them like "trees" lol it looked silly and didn't fit well with their up-scale approach. The view is simply breathtaking and I can only imagine what it looked like at night. Its definitely romantic and fancy yet the servers are lacking skill. They aren't keen on refilling water I had to keep stealing my dates lol. They did bring out a glass of champagne because of circumstance I reminded them. They didn't have a good draft selection which baffled me, I would have thought they would have a nice selection of seasonal light beer to pair with their "fish grotto" dishes, MILLER LITE it is! Anyways, lets get down to business. We order fried calamari which was frigging awesome if I do remember correctly. I was expecting my thrill to follow suit on through with the dinner, I was thoroughly disappointed however. So both my other half and I order and filet with mash and baby whole potatoes. The meat for lack of better words was a "chode" LOL, it was the smallest steak ever, no bigger then a meat ball maybe 2 bites max. The meat size I could have gotten past if it were a delicious savory hunk of tender goodness, BUT Hell no it was like watching DORA the explorer trying to navigate around chunks of fatty tissue and Grissel. I guess this is what i get for ordering a steak at a "fish grotto." Well you ask how are the sides? What goes better with a chode than a piping bag full of garbage pureed mash, eh. They were aiming for new york up-scale and hit mediocre home made at best. There was no flare, no taste nothing but disappointment. I really loved the ambiance of this place the only thing its missing is the food that FITS THE PART. Everything is upscale but my palette was yearning for MORE THAN they could offer us. Don't be fooled that sky-high atmosphere and encapsulating glass 360 view comes with a skyrocketing check. We paid a whooping 170.00-180.00 for the bill our ending balance for my special graduation escapade 600.00 but would have been much less if we ate elsewhere....Thanks for the read try le-mont same price bigger steaks :)
5	The seafood here is DELICIOUS and FRESH and FLAVORFUL. The portions are reasonable and we probably over ordered on the appetizers and side dishes, but our eyes were bigger than our stomachs. They were able to sit us close enough to the table, since we had a big party and see some of the views. We had friends from out of town and wanted to show off parts of Pittsburgh to them.We started with the crab cakes, tuna sashimi and mussels HK style. The crab cakes were the BEST and LEGIT all crab. I could skip the mussels and tuna for next time. The wasabi on the tuna was really potent and the mussels weren't plump this time of the year. I had the black cod sable fish and it was perfectly cooked. Each bite was filled with happiness and the meat was just a perfect combination of tenderness, juiciness and joy. The waiter service was friendly and played along our jokes. All of the other dishes of fish were also delectable. We're big sharers at this table. For the sides, we got the pumpkin risotto, brussel sprouts, lobster mac n cheese and sauteed greens. The risotto was great with a little bit of sweetness. The mac and cheese was well done with a hint of lobster. I didn't enjoy the brussel sprouts as they were too soft for me. I would definitely come back for more.
4	Always take out-of-town guests here. Last week we went with friends before a concert and were having so much fun in the lounge by the window that when we found out dinner is also served there we canceled our reservation upstairs and ate here. Food: all four of us thought the seafood meal was excellent. Drinks: pricey but I admit I should've asked first. Service: very good although our meal took longer than expected; again we should have told our waitress we had to be out by a certain time. Overall: very good to excellent dinner and we made it to our concert on time.
4	Delicious food! Great service. The fish is really great, nicely cooked and very delicious.Their iced tea is really great too.We had mac and cheese with bacon and I think pumpkin in it which was amazing. The view is wonderful. Super happy overall with this restaurant.
5	OhEmGee... possibly the best meal ever. Where do I start? The view. Insane. Incredible. Cannot be beat. Overlooking one of the most beautiful cityscapes that I've ever seen. The service:  Cannot be beat. We started in the lounge for drinks and appetizer. (Did I mention the view?)  Very friendly, professional, courteous service. I had the Salted Caramel, my friends had wine, The Gentleman, and The French Kiss. All were delicious. We moved upstairs for window-side dinner reservations, where we enjoyed fantastic service. The manager stopped by several times to make sure all was going well. The food:  Holy shit, the best. I had the Chilean Sea Bass (macadamia), which was cooked to perfection. Perfection. Collectively we had Brussel sprouts, lobster mac & cheese, and crab mac & cheese. My friends ate stuffed scallops, surf and turf, and I cannot remember what else. All were delicious. Highly highly highly recommend. I will be back.
5	Went to dinner for a birthday celebration.Ordered a sampler of apps and all where extremely good,steamed mussols,tuna,fresh oysters,all great!Fo my main corse they was out of the Opah and was very disappointed but ordered another Hawaii fish monchong was extremely good.Only thing that was a PITA was waiting for the very slow elevator.
4	4.5/5 if I couldI chose this as the "big night out" dinner for during a recent trip to Pittsburgh. I ordered the wahoo with Caribbean jerk seasoning. The seasoning provided a nice tangy sweet citrusy kick to the fish. The atmosphere and preparation of the fish made me feel like I was on a tropical island somewhere. The peanut butter chocolate cheese cake was excellent. The cheesecake had pieces of pretzel baked inside which provided for an extra crunch. I loved the view of the stadium and the city too. From our seat you could see the scoreboard at PNC park. The staff knows that the window seats are prime real estate and will work with you to get you a good seat if you have a reservation. For people not familiar with the city, getting to the restaurant itself could be a bit of a challenge. We took the incline but there may have been a more efficient way. I would say it was worth the trip though!
5	I went here with a group of coworkers for our staff holiday lunch arranged and paid for by the chair of our department. All I can say is WOW and if you go you absolutely MUST order the crab cake. This is seriously in the top two crab cakes that I've had in my life.  We also had the eggplant rolletini and calamari appetizers which we shared and both were excellent. A few others had The salmon as their entrees and one had the she crab soup. The desserts were equally spectacular as their savory counterparts. The choices were the angel food grilled cheese sandwich and The dark chocolate truffle cake. No one was disappointed by the end of lunch and everyone left full and happy. They also have a very nice wine list. The view from the party room was spectacular and the wait staff were very happy and attentive. The overall decor if the restaurant is still reminiscent of when it was Christopher's back in the day and that is honestly the only criticism that I have is that the decor is a bit outdated.
4	Surperb. Service was EXCELLENT, the view was magnificent and the ambience was undiscribeable. And the food, the food was beyond delicious!
