5	I'm hesitant to bust out 5 stars for this place because they've only been open for 2 days but I can't help myself. I think i may have found a new haunt. The bartender (possibly part owner) and what I can only assume was the other owner were extremely attentive and nice..... just plain nice, I miss nice alot, most people are assholes. Ya, ya, you're probably thinking "well, it is day two, of course they're going to be overly attentive"... and that may be so, I just hope it sticks. Things were still in a very preliminary stage in a lot of ways but you can see the potential when you walk up the stairs. Super cute "ikea-ish" decor, couch like seating area as well as high bar tables, low, very chill lighting, full bar..... that's right people!!! Full bar!! They even asked us our opinion on the music and if we had any recommendations. AWESOME!  The pour was good and strong and I'm told they are going to be "married" so to speak with Pei Wei to offer appetizers in the next couple weeks. There were only a couple of other people there at the time, slightly older wine bar crowd. So let's band together, get some sessy (younger)  mother F'krs together and turn this place into what it's meant to be.... a badass downtown drink spot.
5	Excellent service, amazing selection of bottled beers and wines along with the metro/retro lounge feel make Side Bar the perfect place for a drink with friends. Both bartenders I met, as well as owner Josh, were attentive and actually interesting - offering up thoughts and suggestions on some of their favorite beers and cocktails. I gotta love a place that spans the beer universe from PBR to Lagunitas IPA to Chimay. But don't get me wrong, this isn't just your average beer-centric hole-in-the-wall. Side Bar is definitely more lounge than bar. The exceptionally sleek interior design set against hardwood floors and exposed brick features low comfy couches in the front and funky spring-loaded white leather barstools with a real splash of color coming from the orange-lit bar itself. Side Bar is a most welcome addition to the neighborhood.
4	Love this place. It is right where the old Emerald Lounge was. Great casual vibe with cool bartenders and management. Check out their beer selection. I drank one from a Czech brewery founded in 1004 AD. And I hear their apps are coming from the Pei Wei downstairs.
4	I was pretty surprised at this place it was super comfy. People were slow dancing when we popped in here to meet Arik B. around 11:30, the bar was full but there was plenty of room everywhere else. The bathroom was super cool and spacious but they really could have fit 2 stalls in there. The bartenders were good looking and I really like the beer selection I would def hang here if I was in walking distance. The music could use some tweaking as it was pretty damn random and I cant even explain it you just have to go see for yourself. FYI I would not want to wear heels here, get tipsy and have a go at the stairs.
4	if you know me from the talk threads then you will know i have been waiting on this place for a long time. so i broke my side bar cherry last night and walked over. got there around 11:30 and it was mildly busy, the bar was fully loaded with people and the lounge area was only occupied by one group of 8-9 in a corner. i was meeting Laura R and her sister for some fun and she asked me to get there ahead and get a table for 3. well...that wasn't a problem. i sat down relaxed a minute and the music was a nice volume..i could hear myself think right...well by the end of the night the music variety was all over the map, and the volume followed suit. there was time where i could not hear the person next to me, and it annoyed me. the beer selection is good, lots of bottles, but they didn't really have the micro brew selection i was hoping for. it kinda seemed like they raided safeways beer selection, PBR, Miller, Coors, "Domestic Lager" section was large. not much local.  and i think the IPA and Wheat beer selection was too small, Wheat beer is very popular right now, 5 choices seemed oddi've noticed a few reviews of pricing oddities...well here is mine. i got 1 beer. i wasn't really thinking of getting drunk, just wanted to check out the place with good company. it was 5 bucks, Laura and her sis had 2 each, and paid 10. lol. i seriously need to get a vagina. wtf is that. lol.oh well pretty girls should be allowed to get away with that, so i'm not mad. i will deffinetly go back here. it's a short 15 minute walk from my apartment and the weather is nice out. atmosphere of the bar is really cute, Ikea'ish for sure. the lounge was all high back booths and small round coffee tables and some pseudo design within reach white modern chairs and bubble-gumdrop ambient light. the bar is well lit which is a nice contrast to the lounge, which is not lit. i used my cellphone to read the beer menu. its the perfect hook up bar.
5	After weeks of anticipation, Side Bar has finally opened.  As you ascend the staircase to the second level, the reason for the long wait becomes apparent.  The attention to detail is amazing.  Once layered with crumbling plaster, the walls were meticulously stripped to reveal the historic brickwork.  Other historic elements include the original steel casement windows that feature a view of downtown phoenix and the surrounding area. Tastefully integrated with these elements is a contemporary interior design.  The lighting consists of warm colors that set the stage for the laid back atmosphere.  No expense was spared when designing the bar and tables, which are made of dark exotic woods.  Seating included organically shaped bar stools that adjust to a comfortable height and depth.  There are also several u-shaped sofas that create conversational areas.  Behind the bar you'll see an array of artistically arranged circular openings backlit in a warm, yellow tone.  Thick glass shelving lines the back wall along with a fine assortment of liquors.  The "soft opening" menu included wines and locally brewed beers among others.  I tried a White Russian and my wife had a glass of Chardonnay.  Both were very good.  Prices seemed to be close to average for the area and when compared to the experience, were a good value.  I had a chance to speak to one of the owners who was glowing with excitement.  After two years of remodeling and working with the city and adjacent historic neighborhood, his vision has become reality.  In addition to a brief history of his endeavor, the owner informed me that additional overflow parking will be available adjacent to the main parking lot.  Parking was one concern originally voiced by the neighborhood and city.  The owners may also experiment with weekly art showings by local artists.  Maybe they can arrange for it to coincide with First Fridays.  Within walking distance of Side Bar, dining includes Pei Wei, My Florist, and Zoe's Kitchen.   If you're looking for a unique hangout in an urban setting, then Side Bar comes highly recommended.
5	The SideBar has finally opened!! I have been anxiously awaiting this opening for months. I went on Friday night and I was blown away. the last time I climbed those stairs the place was the Emerald Lounge, a dive bar at it's finest.. Loud music, dark rooms ect.. I was very excited to the transformation that is now the SideBar. I agree with the other reviewers, the attention to detail is amazing. The interior design is gorgeous, it is urban modern class, and there is nothing "ikeaish" about it. The tasteful decor and amazing lighting set a very laid back relaxing atmosphere. The music selection and volume were great, allowing for conversation and enhancing the overall vibe. (Ladies the girls restroom is gorgeous.. Now if there were only more than one).. I'll have to go back soon and post some pictures as words do not really do this place justice. I had the opportunity to meet the owners (Mike and Josh), who were gracious and friendly and you could see the excitement in their eyes. The bar manager Jeff is warm and hospitable and mixed up some pretty amazing martinis. They have a wonderful variety of micro brews and an extensive wine selection. The wait was well worth it, what was once one of my favorite dive bars will now become my new swanky hang out. 5 stars for an excellent job on a long awaited, soon to be new hot spot.
4	So happy to have a local bar in the neighborhood. It's definitely not the Emerald, but who knows, they may have some local punk acts play a set one night.  The staff were wonderful, the owner very gracious. The alcohol selection was decent but a few of my fellow patrons were surprised by the $3 PBR's, but most other prices were reasonable for the area. The decor is definitely ikea hip lounge, recognized many things from the catalogue. Since this will be the new stumble home bar for the area, we were a little wary of the stairs but I'm sure we'll work it out. Since it was the first week open, the happy hour specials hadn't been decided, but we're looking forward to finding out. The music selection was awesome, a bit loud if you wanted a quiet conversation.
3	This place feels a bit like a speakeasy. It's not readily apparent how to get in, parking is kinda iffy and the staircase to enter looks a bit gloomy. Give this place a bouncer dressed in all black with sunglasses on and it would look like the most exclusive place around.But this place isn't one of those places. It's wide open, very stylish and a genuinely cool place to be. There's even a view of downtown!Prices are a little high ($7 for a bottle of DogFish?) but no different than most places. Sure, other downtown bars might be cheaper, but they don't have liquor, so...They do need taller glasses to serve beer in. Ordering a 16 oz beer and being given a 12 oz glasses makes for some awkward sipping until you can ditch the can/bottle. We also couldn't drop the shot glass in for a Boilermaker, but hey, true drinkers will always be disappointed. I didn't ask to light anything on fire, but I would assume that's a no.This place is great AND it's within stumbling distance. I'm stoked for more.
5	This is going to be one of my new favorite places in Phoenix!  It's gorgeous inside and very hip.  I love that it's upstairs with a view of downtown Phoenix in every window.  I went last night for a birthday party!  It was my birthday too, and turns out it was another guys birthday as well, and someone else's birthday on Wednesday, so it turned into a huge birthday party.I love that that they were playing Russ Meyer films on the tv's.  The bar is also super neat and everyone who had a camera last night were taking photos of the bar!  The owners and bar manager were mingling and getting to know their customers.  I talked with all of them and found out about some exciting things that will be happening soon at SideBar! OHHHHH!  Plus they have absinthe, which you all know is one of my favorites!
5	At first I was uncomfortable, nervous, and for a few seconds forgot why were there in the first place. Unfamiliar places tend do this to me and I'm sure it's a disorder of some sort. So as my eyes adjusted to the dark lit space, I began to admire the wood floors, exposed brick, pulsating light fixtures, and swanky euro furniture. Then my eyes were transfixed on the sparkle behind the bar. Each bottle of booze glistened like fresh cut jewels and was displayed with precise intention to tempt and I wanted them all! Although many of the people sitting at the bar were drinking canned beer PBR to be exact. This is a cool bar and I wanted a cool drink and the choice was a dirty martini. So as we sipped our drinks and moved from one side of the bar to the other and back again admiring every detail. We nodded our heads in approval and  departed delightfully impressed with the outcome of the long awaited Side Bar. A spot we will visit again and again.
5	Excellent second visit. Servers were fast, beer was served properly, and everyone was cool to hang out with.My bill came to an even $20 (thank you for including tax in the PRICE) for three pretty darn good beers, including one 22oz Arrogant Bastard.Sidebar...you're on to something good. Please god don't screw it up.
5	Are you kidding me!? I can't think of anything critical to say about this place. Oh wait, of course I can! Every time I asked my server to refill my empty glass (the one that he was taking off our table) well, he looked at me like I was putting him out. I mean WTF? Since when does a bar staff member take a glass from a bar table and NOT ask if you wanted another one? NOT cool dude!But other than that ... this place is Damn near perfect. It's hip and cool and does so without appearing to try too hard. It's comfortable, it's dark, the music level was just about right. A full bar. A view of the city. Comfy seats and couches. I couldn't ask for anything more (well, other than a stage booked by Charlie of StateSide Presents).Big UPs to The Side Bar!!!
5	How the hell can this place be sitting on top of a Pei Wei and a Starbucks?It's a hip, urban lounge. Spacious, lots of comfy seating including a wall hugging couch seat thingymabob. Kind of a modern take on a 70's era lounge, without the ferns but with the mood lighting. They mix a damn good drink - especially their Margaritas, which are made with a home made mix, not the neon green shit from a bottle. The music is aways downtempo. The mood is chill. I've only gone with friends so far, but could see it making a good stop on a date. It's def the kind of place where you want to BYOC (bring your own company) because there isn't much of a social atmosphere. But for a fun, classy place to go with friends, it's awesome. Once you're feeling sauced up, head down the way to Bikini Lounge and cause some ruckus.
5	This is currently the single coolest bar I have seen in AZ.  Kick ass decor.  You could pull off Awesome Dance Party here or Super Chill Out Lounge Night.  The guys behind the bar (Jeff?) were really friendly.  They actually shook my hand and asked me my name.  The owner was also behind the bar the night I was there.  He was pouring a round of my new favorite drink.  I think he called it the Linden Palmer? Clearly a take on the classic Arnold Palmer since it has a delicious sweet tea liquor of some type mixed.  To die for!  I would have had another if we didn't have to leave! And an impressive beer list!  Anchor Steam and Dead Guy? Nice.
4	Cool little place, it only takes about 30 people to fill this place up, so keep that in mind if you have a group of people.  Nice addition to central phoenix drinking establishments.  Almost upscale but not quite. It's one of those trendy contemporary interiors.It's above a Pei Wei, so that simple fact keeps it from getting the fifth star.  Sorry but true.They give all you smokers a big "screw you" by making you smoke on the tiny fire escape.  Ha Ha suckers.
4	Do you like acrylic floor lamps? I certainly do, and sidebar has two of them against one of the exposed brick walls in this new casual-trendy-cool upstairs bar on one of my favorite corners in Phoenix.I went back tonight after having a smashing time there for my birthday party last month, and again I was not disappointed. They carry Blue Moon and serve it properly (with an orange slice) so I'm happy. From what I remember of my first visit (it is a bit hazy) they had a decent selection of beers. I vaguely recall being delivered what I think to be a Chimay Red.Alas, back to the review. I has a nice, clean decor without looking like somebody emptied an IKEA truck to furnish the place. It is a mixed crowd that skews younger and gayer, but lots of different styles are represented. It is cozy, so it can fill up fast, although I haven't seen it get too full for comfort. Great staff, great vibe
4	Sidebar is a trendy, hip down town bar located above Pei Wei and Starbucks.The bar is small, the decor is modern with a retro feel (Urban Outfitters, maybe?), dark wood, curvy white bar stools, ambient music and muted lighting.The beer and wine selection is good. A little pricey ($3 PBR, but at least they have it, and $5 Blue Moon), but not too bad. They have a good selection of spirits, too, Patron, Chopin Vodka, Booker's Bourbon, as well as the standard stuff, so there is definitely something for everyone.The "smoking patio" is a stairwell that leads outside the building. So, needless to say, it can get a little ridiculous with people crammed on the stairs puffing away.The place was cool. The crowd was definitely the hip and trendy crowd, but not too pretentious. After a second trip here on New Year's Eve, I am sold. The cover was only $5, the staff is/was friendly, warm and welcoming. They have great drink specials, not just the price but great creations.
3	Sidebar is a perfect name for this place... as the bar itself, is not a main subject...Perched atop the Pei Wei on 7th Ave and McDowell, this tiny little bar waits.  If its walls were floor to ceiling glass with a patio, I would baptize this bar as others have..hip,  trendy...or even different... but the walls are not glass, so the opportunity to be truly different or unique were passed over.    I do like the bar... it's a great little 'hide-a-way' .. with  warm dark wood (like?) flooring  and low seating.  A liken much to a room stage at IKEA.   Flat screen s loop cult film classics, good stuff!!!Grab a riding saddle inspired bar stool  -or-  if on the main floor... a large white swivel chair.   If your luck has run out... you are condemned to sit in the upholstered Penn Station inspired banquettes, which are comfortable for the 15 minutes you're waiting for your train to board, but NOT  if you're in for a night of drinking.  My thoughts are that these are uncomfortable on purpose to inspire people to shift their weight from time to time and affect a new pose, and/or to encourage people to get up and get their own drinks from the bar, as a server was not spotted. Noted:  The friendly bartender did drop by time to time to pick up empty glasses and place a bowl of pretzels.   The pretzels arrived just in time as my bud said the sound of pretzels crunching was the only thing keeping him awake... he assured me it wasn't due to present company, but the monotonous drone of the music being played.   The beverage selection was dedicated to a more grown up palate which is appreciated.    Drinks were standard sized and professionally served.  It was refreshing to have a bartender that was skilled and educated at their craft and not a just a pretty face behind the bar.  I was amazed at the size of the lime that accompanied my V/Tonic.. No-one can accuse this place of being cheesy with the citrus! It's good to see that central Phoenix has finally embraced concepts that have been time tested for years in other parts of the world.  The BIG question is ...why does it take so long for these establishments to put down roots here?  Trendy? Exciting? Not words I would use to describe this place... However...relaxing, warm and the statement "inaccessible to the physically challenged" would be. If you are looking for a Halcion -like experience or a laid back bar to take a love inertest... I highly recommend this place.
3	I met a few friends for happy hour here last week and was impressed but not blown away. I loved the modern decor but agree with other reviewers that it is a bit cookie-cutter. I think the location on the top floor is a lot cooler than the actual decor--nothing feels more urban than to know that you are enjoying drinks in the loft of a building that has other uses and to see the street lights through the industrial-looking windows. I also appreciate that the owners chose to set up shop in an area that is still developing. Anyone who's hung out on the avenue side of Phoenix knows that it is still lacking some of the cool neighborhood watering holes that characterize the central corridor and street side. Unlike other reviewers, I actually didn't mind the smell of Pei Wei. In fact, I'm ashamed to admit that I was so tantalized by the smell that my husband and I ended heading straight there for a bite to eat after we left happy hour! If SideBar actually collaborates with Pei Wei to allow bar patrons to order food from downstairs, it will be a highly mutually beneficial arrangement. But if you don't like the smell of Chinese (or don't want to be tempted like we were), you may want to stay away....The main reason I'm docking SideBar two stars is because the wine my husband and I had was really bad. They were featuring a $5 red wine for happy hour but ran out of the kind they advertised. Our server offered me a different kind (I believe it was a cabernet), and it was atrocious: bitter and way worse than 2 Buck Chuck. If you're going to pick one wine for a happy hour special, you shouldn't punish people for choosing it! If that wasn't bad enough, the Cabernet my husband independently chose to enjoy was also really bad. Our server certainly didn't help in his decisionmaking process; in fact, when he asked what she would suggest between a given Merlot and Cabernet, she essentially said that they were both "equal" and that it came down to what he liked. Not too helpful! It wasn't until our third try that we found a red wine that didn't taste awful. Who knows if the problem was that the wine had been opened too long or if their selections are just poor ones, but either way, we were very disappointed. Our friend's rum and cokes were mixed well, though, and he said they were discounted a lot for happy hour. I like this spot, and I especially like that it's closer to my side of town, but they definitely need to improve in the wine department. Have the wines in stock that you advertise as specials and for Pete's sake, make sure they taste good! Oh, and give your servers some basic wine training so they can help customers make decisions between different options.
4	What a cute little place! I've been waiting for a long time for Side Bar to open, and it was worth the wait. It's a tiny space that fills up quickly, but it's very chic without being pretentious. The wine list is good, with a nice variety, but the pours are pretty chintzy. The beer selection is decent too, but I think $5 is a bit high for beers as commonplace as Newcastle. They also have a full bar with a better selection than most bars- lots of whiskey and flavored vodka that you won't find in many bars. SideBar is a great place to go with a couple of friends for drinks and conversation. The atmosphere is comfy, the staff is nice, and the drinks are good. What more could you ask for?
3	It's trendy, it's hip.  If IKEA had a bar, it would be this place.  The Mai Tai was terrible, the worst I've ever had.  So if you like trendy but not much more, this is your place.Edit:  To be a bit more fair, I've only been here once.  Perhaps if I gave Sidebar a few more chances I'd like it more.
4	My first experience with SideBar to attend a friends birthday gathering. When I was invited, the first words out of my mouth were "What's SideBar?". I'd never heard of the place before (it apparently opened the week prior).Upon entering the establishment, you are greeted with a flight of stairs. This is not a place for someone with a physical disability as there is no other means of getting to the upper floor. The second floor containing the bar is dimly, yet appropriately, lighted. Dark woods and exposed brick are contrasted with retro white, Jetsons-meet-IKEA furniture. The beverage selection, for both beer and hard alcohol, is extensive. The staff is ever friendly and attentive, but I think they might need a little more experience as a mixologist (the ratios seemed a little off).This bar has the style and class of something you'd expect in Scottsdale, but none of the snobbery, while coming across as a comfortable neighborhood bar.
5	I was there just last night, and today received a ROTD for my original review. Too weird.Updates - They mix a great margarita! No fluorescent green pre mixed Margarita mix - they make it themselves with fresh lime juice. Yum.The wine list is small but good. My current fave is the Argentinian Malbec.  It's only $6 a glass, and they pour generously. Very tasty wine.The seating is not comfy if you like to slouch. If you sit up straight, it's fine. But seriously.... good posture is over rated.It gets a little cold in there once in a while during the winter. Wear long sleeves. :) After 3 glasses of the Malbec last night, I didn't care.This place has really been growing on me... nice to have such a great neighborhood watering hole!
5	There's now a bar we can WALK to any night of the week!We were greeted warmly when we walked in, and were treated well until we left.  The lighting is fantastic, the furniture oh-so-cool, and the location (upstairs in a brick building) certainly helps the vibe.I had a chocolate stout and a glass of red wine, my husband had a Czech pilsner and an MGD...no disappointments there.  Everything was really reasonably priced, too.Hmmm...First Friday, anyone?
4	Very cool bar....went there for an after Christmas party had a great time.....good selection of wine and beer, only thing did not care about was that when you order a wine they do not measure it with carafes which it makes it not very accurate size.
4	I ended up going here to Sidebar on NYE with another fellow Yelper, Corianne.  This place is located downtown, believe it or not, on top of a Starbucks and Pei Wei!  We all ended up going upstairs to the bar, and I was impressed with the decor from walking in.  Very sheek, modern designs.  Cool bar stools, and a moving screen with lights behind it that was fun to look at.  Its a more narrow area for the bar, and slightly larger area for seating.  There was plenty of seating avaiable, but it was very casual...couches and benches and the such.We went to the bar, and ordered a few drinks.  I looked at thier drink menu, and realized that it was alcohol only.  NO FOOD whatsover here!  No appitizers or anything.  So, if your hungry, you need to pick something up before hand.  I hope they add something to eat here, even if its light food.  The Bartender was a very nice lady.  It seemed that they (or at least this bartender) was pretty cool about making stuff on and off the menu.  They didnt have a martini list, so I made up my own!  how cool is that??Anyways, staff here was classy and cool, hip and friendly.  I would go again for happy hour, and its worth a little drive for a nice downtown spot to hang out at!
5	I support it. Gorgeous building. Good wine. Absinthe!? Ha. Pretty busy when we went in but still space. Great, great, great music. Staff was really friendly. It's dar, loungey, and you can hear over the great music. Yay for nice neighborhood bars!
4	Aside from the wobbly table and the fact that they serve Kendall Jackson wine, this place is great.Love the decor, love the atmosphere, love the people, love the zany movies they play. This place is sexy.  And sneaky.
4	Is it me or did this place sort of just pop up without much promotion? Hm, just like most places downtown. Well, that aside, after passing it a few times and sticking my head in once I finally made it inside. It has an interesting, in a good way, atmosphere. dimly lit and well laid out with modern furniture and ample seating, not table seating but the comfy benches serve just as well.The prices were on par with anything else in the Central Phoenix area and the selection was fine although there were some really low end wines that surprised me. I understand wanting to appeal to all crowds and not seem pretentious but with the semi-hidden location and the decor, it's sort of too late for that.The crowd was mainly the after work happy hour group, but the ones too hip for Macayo's or Uno's. You know black rim glasses (guys) mod-retro clothes (girls).It was decently busy but with plenty of open seating. My gf and I were able to find a nice place for some people watching. Mind you it was a weekday. The bartender was nice and everyone seemed to be having a good time. I'm curious to see what it's like on a weekend now. Definitely worth a try.Come to think of it the place sort of reminds me of a swankier more grown-up version Shady's  (26th St. & Ind. School) even as far as the DVD's playing on tvs throughout.Sidenote: The Besame (Kiss me) wine was goooooood.
3	Sitting over a PeiWei and Starbucks, SideBar is a smallish bar with a nice open conversation area.   The decor is retro-futuristic and the music was good while I was there.   I would like to go back for a normal night there (was there for an event) but it definitely has a nice feel without being too trendy.
3	hung out there with a group of friends that kept telling me that I should check it out and I'm glad that I did. Cool looking space that was thought out and well put together. The biggest complain that I have is the water/ice taste terrible and that just ruins the drinks. It's worth checking out.
4	Exposed brick, views of downtown and uptown and an overall dark coziness. I love it. I've been to Side Bar several times now and its quickly turning into my new "go-to" place. If the Roosevelt and Fez had a kid it would look like Side Bar. Old space with a modern twist. The orange bar area actually reminds me of a Gerber Group spot...as Stevey P said when we were there "it looks like it could be one of the Whiskeys". They always play fun and interesting movies on the flat screens, from old movies to animated flicks. My personal favorite so far has been Renaissance with Daniel Craig. I love the couch/lounge area and its normally where you can find me. I'm always a big fan of sitting at the bar but these bar seats are wicked uncomfortable---they discourage good posture and it is impossible to sit up straight. The high top seats near the bar require good balance. On a Saturday night this place is always fun and the drinks are well made. One of the reasons that I like that Side Bar has joined the downtown scene is because its actually a bar. Its not a wine bar like Cheuvront, its not a bar focused on beer like Roosevelt or Lost Leaf, its not a hotel bar, it's a bar with full liquor offerings and wine if you want it. Fantastic. It is also a great choice on a First Friday if you happen to live downtown and want to avoid the fracas of Roosevelt and LL....there is traffic there but its not nearly as packed as places closer to the galleries. On FF they also have a DJ which was a nice touch, even if it does take up valuable couch space. The crowd covers a wide range depending on the day and time you are there, but no matter what I always feel comfortable. You have your glam girls, the not so glam, the fashionistas and wannabe fashionistas, mommies, fraternity boys, hipsters, office workers and students. 21 year olds to 60 year olds, the random hippie rancher drinking PBR rubbing shoulders with girls drinking champagne. Oh, and some douchebags for some good measure. Josh, the owner, is really friendly and very accommodating. My friend recently had his birthday party here and they were great about us bringing in a cake and making a mess of the place with it. I'm not such a fan of their Happy Hour, if they offered more wines by the glass for HH I would be. The special on the well drinks is good, but sometimes you want to relax with a glass of wine. I've also ordered a rum and diet during HH and got a whiskey and diet. Do you know how putrid well whiskey is? Especially if you aren't a whiskey drinker and are expecting rum? Its terrible. They do offer light apps, at least during HH, such as spinach artichoke dip and hummus and chips. Oh, and they don't have a coat check but they do have a coat rack where you can hang up your coat if you don't want to have it with you at the bar.Side Bar is a welcome addition downtown and the fact that I can walk there from my place makes it even better.
5	this place is amazing - everything I could want in a bar (minus a dance floor, but if I wanna shake my ass I'll head to Charlies @ 2am for after hours...) often i find myself limited to self-proclaimed "gay bars" in the phoenix area, which are nothing more than glorified dump/dive bars..but here i can go in with my friends and have a good time without scrutiny.great selection of beers, I experiment and try a new one every time i go..fin du monde is a favorite of mine, as well as boddingtons...i'm becoming quite the beer connaisseur...i don't drink wine, so i really couldn't tell you much about the wine list but i've looked at it and it seems quite impressive.the bartenders are great, knowledgeable and friendly...they had a live dj last night which made it uber cool, otherwise they just have a playlist going, always filled with fucking amazing music that i swore they stole from me..the atmosphere is great, comfortable, intimate, cozy. take a date here to get comfortable with them...def one of my favorite bars in phoenix.
5	Decided it was probably time for me to review Sidebar, especially in light of the fact that I went there twice in one day.  Yes it  was embarrassing, yes they remembered me, and no I didn't care.Why?  Because Sidebar is the shit.  Has totally become my fave neighborhood spot.  Great seedy feeling bar, even though the decor is gorgeous and the bathrooms were spotless.  I love feeling like I'm in a place where I could easily get into a bit of trouble, the good kind, and Sidebar gives delivers every time.  Also love the fact that they feature works by some great local artists on their walls.  So great that I thought Sunny B. was going to steal a painting this weekend, but that's another story for another day : )Sidebar evokes a nice laid back, sultry vibe, thanks to it's cozy quarters, dim lighting, plentiful couches, and soulful music.  They have a DJ spinning there on the weekends which leads to an impromptu dance floor in the middle of the place every time.  Great place to relax with friends, throw back a couple drinks and chat.  Music isn't so loud you have to shout, which is always a plus.  Almost forgot to mention the fact that they are open until 2am 7 days a week!!!!They feature a GREAT selection of beers as the reviewers who came before me have said, and easily the nicest bar staff I have encountered since I moved to downtown PHX.  Gotta give a little extra love to Will G. who takes exquisite care of me every time I'm there.  They also feature a few small apps there but I have yet to try any.  With the sheer amount of times I've been in the past 2 weeks alone, it can't be long before I do.If you haven't been, Sidebar is definitely a must visit.  Tell your friends, just not too many ;)
4	They've got PBR!  And organic cucumber vodka!A rooftop-view and a competent staff.   Everything a downtown patron could ever ask for!Except it's not the Emerald Lounge.  Not even close.
3	I'm kind of torn on this place...First, I must get the following off my chest: The decor is nice. It looks like they hired an actual designer from Copenhagen (or IKEA). However, I feel like it lacks personality. Sure, it's trendy, modern and sleek, but I also feel like it's only decorated that way because it's what they think people want to see. It reminds me of a few clubs in Scottsdale--the interior is nice, but too manicured. When I'm here, I'm reminded of being at a few bars/clubs in Scottsdale. The clientele does not seem to have a wide range of personalities-rather dudes in button-down oxfords, jeans and shiny loafers. The girls tend to have some sort of glittery top and designer jeans and pump combination. The first time I went to this bar, I had on a hoodie, jeans and my favorite black on black Chucks. Needless to say, I felt a little out of place. The wine list was not strong. Come on, Kendall Jackson?! Decent selection of microbrews, though. Somehow, I ended up at this bar on New Year's Eve. I sat there, watching my friend make out with his very inebriated date, and realized they had a very good liquor selection. Ok...so I made a mental note to never order wine there, but if I'm looking to get boozed up, this might be a good spot to do so. All in all, I would say this bar is not a niche bar, like some many other downtown spots. (The Roosevelt, The Lost Leaf, and Carly's all have great wine and beer) It's not a dive (like Bikini or Seamus), and it's not really oddly cool (Hanny's!). It's kind of middle of the road on every level: decor, wine, beer, clientele. This place is SAFE. If you're new to the downtown scene, or got lost on your way back to the west side from Scottsdale, this is definitely your bar.
5	Mints in the bathroom!  Super-cool lighting!Furniture that's comfy to sit on!Couches and small tables with chairs!Running into a ton of people I know here!Right down the road from my house!
4	I definitely enjoyed a couple of hours at SideBar. I have been tired of the same places I always go, and have been wanting to check this bar out. Right when i walked up the stairs, my eyes were entranced. One of the first things that caught my attention was the awesome white bar stools, and lucky for me there was room at the bar, so I sat, directly facing beautiful champagne flutes. Immediately I was smiling because its not every Saturday I go to a beautiful spot, and get to sip on champagne by the glass, instead of by the bottle. The bartender was super nice and the  young lady behind the bar had a great style, and also very helpful. There was a movie playing, with the volume off, kinda like at the Roosevelt, except futuristic, not western. We got there around 8 or 8:30 and it was not especially busy but by 10ish it  was crowded. The bar stools don't have backs, so if you don't have a strong back, you might get uncomfortable by the end of the night. And I cant imagine if you were overweight being comfortable in them either.  Like Amy D. said, mints in the bathroom, ya gotta love that. Close to home? Yes, love it. And the super cool lighting. It  made me happy!I have to add this, from my husbands point, no beer on tap, but they have a vast selection.  They even have Four Peaks, Kiltlifter, and 8th Street.  My husband said the prices were decent,  but i told him "it's not just the beer you're paying for, you're paying for the ambiance."  I gotta say, I loved the scene, and we will definitely go back, and soon.One more thing! My husband really enjoyed the music, a reggae ska, sound, Sublime.
5	I think SideBar will often be described as "Chic and trendy". I think this is an unfair label as trendy denotes something that appears to be good for now, but when the mood of society changes the things that make us like it now will no longer remain. I don't think SideBar falls into this category.I understand why SideBar could get such a label, after all with a quick glace around the room you will see modern furniture, exposed brick, fancy booze, sexy lighting, all the ingredients for a place that is "Chic and trendy". The real key to this place though is how those ingredients are blended. It's done in such a manner that it doesn't feel forced, it doesn't feel like a woman wearing designer clothes in an attempt to distract you from the fact that she has nothing to say, instead here the beauty stands on it's own, so much so that I would never feel uncomfortable showing up to this "Chic and trendy" place in a t-shirt and jeans. The drinks I've had so far have been amazing. They make their mixes in house and it shows. The owner even showed my how to make their Pimms Cup, which after several attempts I've not been able to duplicate.I will come back often.
4	After hearing so much about sidebar and actually seeing the place I was quite impressed that the hype was backed up.  although it doesn't seem like a big space there could have easily been 75 people in there that night.  despite that I never had issues getting service and consistency.  I'm assuming they don't have drink waitresses because one never came by our party's area but that was ok.  Everytime I needed a drink for myself or my wife I was able to go up to "side" of the "bar" (I'm pretty sure this isn't why it's called that) and quickly get acknowledged added to my tab and on my merry way. and yes you can smell the pei wei, though I didn't order any, coincidentally myself and Chris H who was also at Sidebar that night ended up eating at that very same pei-wei not 2 days later.All in all a very fun and cool bar( reasonably priced too)
4	I loved Side Bar!The music, the decor, and the ability to get a drink quickly no matter how busy they seemed moves this lounge high up on my list of downtown favorites. I was part of a birthday party and we had reserved a couch area which turned out to be a great thing. While the bar itself was not busy when we got there, the place did eventually fill up and our large party was able to mingle and move about but still had seating as the night progressed and heals became more uncomfortable. My lovely husband served as my waiter throughout the night and despite a full bar, he never had a problem getting a drink or getting the bartenders attention. Cannot wait to go back!
3	I want very badly to love this bar.  I really do.  It has all the promising combinations of qualities I look for in a local locale.  Great beer.  I have no qualms about ordering the French Canadian Hefeweizen (that I can't even pronounce, spell or at this moment recall) with one glass all to myself and lick my lips at many other brews on the menu.  Add a wine list beyond belief and liquor if its your poison too.The proximity to my own compound and the blossoming bud that is the central Phoenix renaissance  is always worth a gold star; why commute when staying local is a better option?The staff and owners of the Sidebar are fantastic.  From my induction many months ago they sling the drinks with pride and the effort in the setup and delivery of the place doesn't go unnoticed. The decor is where things start to slide.  Not because the place is hovel, far from it.  Everything is crisp and new.  From the hydraulic bar stools, to the multicolored ambient lighting to the comfy lounge couches, to the super clean bathrooms; this place is a slice of upper crust for those of us who don't normally even thing to nibble from such a decadent pie.  Herein lies the problem or as my former boozing partner visiting from his new digs in Portland put it, "I'd like to see this place with about 10 years worth of dust on it."  Not my style, but I dig it and Phoenix sure as hell needs a place like it.In the end I will go back and don't mind in the slightest having a place like Sidebar to show off to East Valley dwellers and Scottsdale brats, but every time I reach for the front door I pause and am sad.A mere few feet away lies the corpse of the beloved Emerald Lounge.  A dark, seedy, dirty, smoke filled haven of locals, live music, art and personality that is now nothing but a painted over ghost.  So please, support your local bar, bring your friends and keep the sidebar real.  But remember to pause for a moment of silence and drink one to the ghost below your feet; us locals will thank you.
4	I was expecting SideBar to be all hype after the reviews that I had seen and even from my judgment of this book's cover as I have driven past it many times. A nice, chill bar in the same building as a Pei Wei and Starbucks? Well, I'm currently chewing a fat slice of humble pie. This is hands down one of the best lounges that I've been to in Phoenix.The second I walked up those narrow stairs I was surprised to find this shoe box of a lounge. Don't let the space discourage you at all though, you'd be a fool to let that happen. The interior and decor are very stylish while at the same time they set a vibe that sets you at ease and allows you to enjoy your drink. I came here on a weeknight so I don't really have a clue as to how it is on the weekends or how crowded it then. Based off my experience however, I found this to be a great spot to bring friends for conversation and drinks. I ordered a Manhattan, and while it was a bit heavily mixed, everything else about this place really made it a great experience. SideBar doesn't really offer any to eat besides some smaller finger type foods like hummus. A complaint I had about the hummus was that it came with pita chips rather than regular pitas, but that's a small complaint given that I had an overall enjoyable experience.SideBar, you've found a new patron and a new spot on my favorites list.
5	SideBar is the shizz.  Seriously folks, if you want a place that feels more like chill Chicago or hip NY then go to SideBar. Forget Scottsdale and all the chippies looking for sugar daddies and the clone poseurs with their bluetooth sideburns.  SideBar is the real thing.  Great people, great owners who really do care about their customers.  If you like a funky Phoenix vibe with intelligent hipsters and anything from goth sweethearts, to urban yuppies to A-gays, this place welcomes anyone and everyone who wants a little something more than your typical trendy fare.  The low soft amber lighting, mod furniture and fixtures make for a unexpected surprise. Great drinks, great vibe and cool tunes.  This is the place you'll find me when I want to go out.
5	I love Sidebar!  The bartenders are very nice and the atmosphere is relaxing...the music and ambiance makes you feel like you are NOT in Phoenix!
5	I have to give this place another 5 stars for offering the greatest beer combination known to man:sammy smith oatmeal stout + strongbow.oh, and the first friday dj that gave me sour times. kudos, sidebar.
4	I have been to SideBar a few times now and have enjoyed myself each time. It is a kind of tucked away place on 7th Ave and McDowell. If you can believe it, it is located on top of a Pei Wei. When you go it does feel like you are in on some sort of secret. The parking for this place is ample. Although, the walk to and from the bar can be a little treacherous as there has been puddles on the way back every time. At least one person goes shin deep each time. The ambiance is a very cool, hip one. There are plenty of couches and chairs, along with some larger tables. The bar area has several high tops. Seating at the bar is available also. The seats are just at a premium. There is music playing all the time, but it is not so loud that you can't have a conversation with the few people sitting around you. I have only had beer, so I am unsure of the mixed drink prices. There beer selection is pretty extensive. Being a skunky beer lover, I usual go with Stella or Pilsner Urquell. I you haven't had this Czech beer I highly recommend it. Its name means "First Pilsner" in Czech. learned that on an episode of "Three Sheets". They have your standard domestics and a lot of domestic micro brews. Something for everyone I imagine. Your friends will think you are uber cool if you take them here and they have never been.
2	My review might be biased, as I'm not a downtown, chic bar kinda guy. First off, the music sucked. It was loud and obnoxious hip hop. Not the kind of music I'd expect at a classy place that squeezes their own juices and crafts so many cocktails. The bartender whom took my orders was slow to notice me standing at the bar and seemed to want to shoo me out by closing my tab and running my card without asking me. The prices were probably average for an upscale bar. Martini, cocktail and a stout beer were $25. I would never expect to pay that much at a bar, but hey! When you're over a Pei Wei, you gotta be a classy joint! Pay accordingly. All in all, I would never come here on my own.
4	ohh side bar. :) *flirty gigglethe lighting is so beautiful in there. i love the barhow clean and pristine it is. the drink selections are awesomei love looking out the windows at the 7th ave traffic zooming buy while i drink my sorrows away.why it didn't get five...5 dollar beers reign. the black and white psychedelic curtains give me a headache and COMPLETELY clash with the striped couches.the ewey :( soap dispensers in the bathroom.other than that you are perfect in every way.
4	Good liquor selection. Great signature drinks. Reminds me of a bar in Chicago, New York, Or London. To get inside you have to go around the restaurant or through an alley.  Then up the stairs to a hidden gem. The rustic brick wall and cheeky decor make for a great upscale atmosphere with plenty of people watching.  Amazing guest DJ's bring back a sense of nostalgia.  Projection TV on the brick wall makes for some interesting entertainment if the people watching gets dull.  The owner is now featuring local artists' work on his walls. Looses a star for 2 things. Dead on the week days (that may change with time) and it is kind of small.
4	This is definitely one of those relaxing, comfortable atmospheres that you can retreat to when you need a break away from reality. I came with a few buddies, thinking that it would be a typical bar with blasting music, irrate crowds and average alcohol selections (yes...we DO LOOK for places like that!) but we were very surprised when we walked in. The atmosphere is very quiant and the decor is cool. They have a VERY GOOD beer selection, but they are all bottled/canned. I didn't see any beer on tap. They also had drink specials that were very unique and I had never seen before. One of the drinks was mixed with horchata and another was a butterscotch martini. Very innovative and actually very very tasty. I was extremely pleased with the price and flavor of the drinks. I think some nights there are guest DJ's, but we apparently did not show up on that night. The music was very relaxing and at a proper volume. People were just mingling and de-stressing from the long week.
5	Ok, I found another sweet downtown lounge.  Finally.  Walked in, sat down on comfy couches, got a great first round of drinks from a friendly barkeep, and kicked back to enjoy the eye candy (good lookin clientele on Saturday night at 1am).  From the start, it seemed like the other patrons were there to meet and yap, not to be seen.  The DJ was great--some classic hip hop mixed in with more modern grooves.Decor was gorgeous--a light sculpture or two, some mood art, and all seating equally attractive and comfy.  I suppose it'd get crowded pretty fast on a busy night, but with only 50 or so people there it was perfect and intimate.  Music volume was just right.Sidebar has a great drink menu--Belgian beers galore, decent wine selection and amazing signature drinks.  It was a beer night for us, and the bottles and glasses were perfect temperature.  Vodka shots were also chilly.So yeah, pretty much perfection, and within walking distance!  I'll be back for sure--looks like they have a decent happy hour 4-7 M-F.
3	it was smaller than i had expected.and it was also pretty packed. but it was a friday night.drinks were strong and i also noticed, something kind of odd, there was at least 3 professional (full service) women here and they were very opened about this. crazy.
4	Bring your jacket, because it's colder than winter in here. Seriously, I had to warm up outside half way through the night. And I tend to get cranky when I'm cold. It's a good thing there was plenty of alcohol to set my mind at ease.Whether it's being Irish or just fond of it, I feel I must get at least one Guinness if it's available at a bar or restaurant. So, that's how I started my evening at SideBar. Also offered are a nice selection of specialty cocktails using their fresh-squeezed juices. I sampled several without getting all the names. I prefer drinks that aren't overly sweet, enjoy pretty much anything with absinthe, and am game for anything new and unusual. SideBar delivers.I really enjoy the movies they play here, too. Although the sofa on which we were sitting didn't have a great view of the TVs, we were able to wiggle around to take in most of the movie ("Sin City" followed by "Kill Bill: Vol 1").
4	So the crowds and general euphoria seemed to have died down since the opening of Sidebar six months ago. After more than a dozen visits to this lounge, I'm confident of my four star rating. In agreeing with what Kristin told me once, yes, Sidebar is very much what would happen if Roosevelt and Fez had a baby, at least design-wise.The environment, decor, and drink offerings rock. A few quick notes to illustrate:* Exposed brick and stairway entry that would make any East Coaster drool. * Cozy C-shaped booths for lounging. * Requisite absinthe dispenser in the middle of the bar and TV screens showing old films to indicate urban trendiness. * Kim Crawford sauvignon blanc by the glass, Anchor Steam by the bottle* White space-age-ish 4-seater tables and multi-colored LED panel thrown in for good measure.In a few birthday parties here, I have gotten different results. For mine in January, they gladly reserved a booth for my besties and me on a Friday at 9 pm. Of course, no signage or anything, so it was a bit of a hassle to say the least as the owner, Josh, gladly asked people to move. The next month, we ran into some resistance on reserving, but were able to manage it due to our own efforts.Overall, service has definitely improved. Although, be sure to watch your drink as ambition can get the best of them - they took away several of our half-finished glasses when we weren't looking.  One complaint to the bartender, and this was fixed. A new and appreciated detail is their drink menu featuring some unique cocktails. One request would be to beef up their appetizer offerings.
4	My first impression: GREAT atmosphere! The style is dark, hip, and ultra-modern. It wasn't very busy for a Friday night -- I assume Saturdays are a different story... They were playing a video of pandas in the snow on a huge projector screen which added to the "cool" vibe.The drinks were well poured, good service, interesting crowd, and lots of different seating options... lounge, bar, tables... all very chill.My new favorite drink is a cherry vodka with diet coke and a cherry... Also ran into an old friend here last night - how cool is that?Well worth a visit!
4	Four stars is for the seating and feel of the place, as well as attentive bartenders both times I've been. I think the generous-sized couch/lounge thing is the complement this place offers compared to other downtown spots. It makes for a good meet-up location when you have a decent-sized crew.I might be a cheapskate, but the beer is a bit pricey ($3.50 for a PBR = the R word. I know Pabst advertises on NPR an all now, but it's still the same swill).
4	I like this place, a lot.  So sue me.  Good, urban location, yet plenty of parking for us mis-placed suburbanites.  I don't think the prices are too out of line, given the upscale nature of the place.  We have fun trying to figure out which movie they're playing on the TVs, what is the best way to sit on the oddly-shaped stools at the bar (who would think straddling them is the best? so uncomfortable!!) and pretending to have never tasted the White Rabbit drink (sugar-tastic).  Usually a pretty good crowd here, always a good time.  Downsides: no real food, Pandora playlist then there's no dj (that works great for work, but kinda iffy at a bar), the line for the men's washroom.  seriously.
4	When we walked in I heard "Sweet Emotion" mixed with some cool tracks, I knew I was going to like this place.Saturday night after a Phoenix Art Museum reception and the place was pretty crowded with the artists and friends.  I thought it was a cool vibe and very relaxing in SideBar except that it was really loud, but I didn't mind since I wasn't in the mood for talking (shocker).I didn't order any drinks but everyone else did and they seemed happy with them-- it looked a like a bunch of draft beers and mixed concotions-- yummmm.It's really comfy in SideBar, plenty of seating that moves around so smaller and larger groups can be accommodated.  I didn't smell Pei Wei but wish I smelled Pei Wei, that is a heavenly smell. This was my first time and I plant to hit up some happy hours for sure!
5	SideBar has a great atmosphere with unique and really comfortable furniture, great choice of alternative/indie music and ridiculously good specialty drinks. They have random movies playing without sound for looks and the bartenders are super nice. Love it!
4	We popped in on a Monday night. There were only three or four other people in the bar. The drinks were good, but a little pricey.Unfortunately, the air conditioner was on the fritz that night, so it was hot as hell in the bar. However, the owner/manager was so sweet and apologized and sat and talked with us for a while.The decor is welcoming. I spent several minutes zoned out staring at the color changing art on the wall.I will definitely be back on a night that is busier to check it out again!
4	I stopped in here on a "Welcome back to Phoenix, time to try new bars" tour. . . and was instantly a fan. First impression ~ Great vibe. Dimly lit, white pleather booths, trippy artwork, great indie music, funky light fixtures, excellent drink menu & CARTOONS on the tv's.. Seriously, any bar with cartoons will immediately win my heart. The exposed brick and hardwood floors were a nice touch giving it a more upscale feel. We sat at the bar, which is where my only complaint will come in.. the bar "stools" were extremely awkward and uncomfortable.. I ended up standing most of the time because my ass was not fitting in the oddly shaped groove. Whatever, its just a bar stool. My friends and I had to try the Absinthe, which, when prepared correctly (which it was) is always a good time. They also carry bubblegum vodka, which is possibly the most delicious thing I have ever put in my mouth! I was told there was a smoking patio, but instead it was more of a smokers staircase.. but I cant really complain about it because it had a decent view and nobody caters to nicotine feens anymore. There weren't too many people there so our bartender was super attentive which was rad. This place is great for groups, and dates alike.. very intimate feel in those dark little corners :o)
4	I have been to this location a few different times... and its a very relaxing, comfortable and enjoyable atmosphere. Its small and homey.... the Bartenders are friendly, helpful and really down to earth. The Stools! Ugh... i would say that's the worst thing about it! lol I'm constantly repositioning myself... in kind of embarrassing when your in a skirt! lol oh well..... For it being a down town up scale-ish bar.... i think the pricing is alright... it could be worse...lol The Bathroom is CLEAN!!! a bar with a clean bathroom... if your doing well.. you spend half your time in their anyways.. lol it should be clean right?! 120% in that department! :) ...and the great part is that there is always parking!!! i don't mean out and around and up the street a mile... its right behind the the bar... off the street! I love it... anyone wanna go again?? :P
4	A very nice little surprise in Phoenix.  I went on a Saturday night with a friend, and the service was great, drinks were not too expensive, and the bartender was pouring generously.
4	I really, really like SideBar. Perched above a Pei Wei/Starbucks duplex behind an odd neighborhood, this place has an excellent beer selection and is small enough to be intimate yet still packs in a crowd. SideBar is dressed in modern and upscale furnishings but still maintains its neighborhood lounge identity. Every time I come here with friends, it seems like we always get pleasantly toasted. I'm not sure if it's the overflowing glasses of Unibroue or the creative house cocktails, but there's just something about the vibe of SideBar that works with me. Two minor notes: first, the music can be a little weird. I think they were playing Sublime at one point? Secondly, an outdoor patio would round this place out to five stars. But, given the architecture of the building I don't think this is possible. I suppose for now, we smokers will happily crowd on the landing and entertain ourselves with the colorful characters that hang out at that bus stop on 7th Ave.
4	I've passed SideBar on several occasions but entered the establishment with a group of about 10 for the first time last night as the 2nd half of the last part of my birthday festivities. I walked out happy, which means it was a success. The highlights? Plenty.I made new friends. And hey, who doesn't like new partners in crime?The decor was a great compliment to the night of sexy pretentiousness that preceded it. The couches were fairly comfortable. I loved the exposed brick, the low lighting, the fixtures, the movies, and the music. Speaking of music, songs from the Fugees album The Score were on frequently throughout the night making me want to listen to the whole album so badly that when I got back to my car I spent 10 minutes digging through my glove box to find my copy. I'm still listening to it today.The service was pretty damn skippy from what I saw. I never had to get up to get my own drink thanks to my amazing friends, but I always seemed to get them quickly. The drinks I had were very well made. On the suggestion of the bartender I tried a White Rabbit and also had a lemon drop shot. I usually am put off by chocolate based drinks as I'm not a huge chocolate fan and they always taste fake, but the White Rabbit delivered. I could drink it in a gallon pitcher. With a big bendy straw. And an umbrella. The lemon drop was the best I've had. What do I wish was better?I'd love to see Frambroise *and* Guinness on tap so I could have a red velvet made (my favorite beverage). The up side was I got a can of Guinness and a bottle of Frambroise and was able to make 2 of my own which also meant I could use the proportions i like (30% Frambroise, 70% Guinness).After my workout earlier in the day the stairs were hell. However, that anger went away quickly.
4	2 words - White Rabbit.  Mmmm orgasm in a martini glass!!Great selection of alcohol (if you can get past ordering the WR everytime) :)  A lil high priced, but hey it comes with the territory. The atmosphere makes it worth it.
5	This place is great.  I love the atmosphere, and it has a great mix of people.  They have a pretty good beer selection, I was sad that I only stayed for a few drinks.  I am definitely coming back here to try the absinthe cocktail.  Love when they put absinthe in drinks!
4	This place is a little over a mile from my house...too bad I don't work closer to home so I can get more happy hour time! Great beer & wine selection, but as many reviewers have already pointed out, the artistry of the cocktail is alive and well at this joint. I can't remember the name, but one of their originals involves Irish whiskey and blueberries, and is absolutely delicious! Plus the super comfy bar stools also adjust for height, now that's just going above and beyond IMO. Be patient with the service as they make your drinks from scratch with fresh ingredients, it will be worth the wait!
5	I'm bumping them up to 5 starts because I have probably been back half a dozen times since my last review, and have never been disappointed. It has absolutely become one of my favorite bars for 3 reasons..A.) I once took a nap on the corner couch, and no one cared.B.) They leave out my favorite lifesavers mints in the bathroom.C.) Absinthe and Black & White movies with dancing midgets from the 60's playing.Order the White Rabbit and see what happens to you. #mouthgasm
4	Two men stand alone on a red, padded floor.  The crowd is loud and anxious for the final monumental battle.  One man is dressed in all black, his clothing representing his vicious and hateful spirit.  The other man is dressed in all white, his clothing representing his innocence and well-meaning nature.  The man in black is strong and ready.  The man in white, however, is injured and weak.On each man's side stands his mentor, two fierce yet absolutely different warriors.  One is ruthless and cares for nothing except the victory in battle.  The other mentor is silent, calm, collected.  He cares more for his pupil than he does for anything else in life.DING!  The match begins...  the man in black rages toward the man in white but is met with a swift punch to the chest.  The man in black furiously yells, "YOU'RE DEAD!"  The man in black lounges for the man in white once again but finds himself meeting the floor with his face instead.  Clearly the man in white is not as weak and frail as his posture makes him out to be.  TIME OUT!!  The bloody man in black is attended to by his mentor who gives him the kill order... "sweep the leg."  The man in black hesitates as he realizes the implications but agrees to follow the order none-the-less.  The man in white stands strong but is soon flung to the floor, his already injured leg now almost useless from the man in black's destructive blow.  The man in white gets up but is met with a barrage of brutality from the man in black, including a precise elbow into his injured leg.The man in white stands up once again, his body maybe finished but his mind overcomes his body.  He stands triumphant, both arms high in the air, injured leg in front of him as if he's taunting the man in black.  The man in black falls for the bait and runs in face first.  BAM!  The man in white delivers a kick directly to the foolish man in black's face.  He is victorious.  The man in white, this "Karate KId" is the best around.... and nothings going to ever keep him down.The SideBar is to Phoenix what Daniel Larusso is to Cobra Kai.  This is the kind of place that on the surface seems like it just isn't for most people.  The first time I came to the SideBar I was under the impression that it was the typical swanky upscale joint that has absolutely no personality and you had to be the kid of someone famous to enjoy it.  I was completely wrong.The bartenders, many of whom have since become my friends, are freaking awesome and mad fast despite the overwhelming demand to the feeble supply.  The atmosphere is crazy hectic while at the same time calming and fun.  The music is usually great and they don't mind if you ask to change it.  The TVs play THE MOST AMAZING movies ever.  From Cheech and Chong to Bruce Lee to dancing midgets in the 50s, you will always be entertained.In my Phoenix experience thus far, the SideBar is the best..... AROUND!!!
4	I have put off this review for a long long time for fear that our precious little lounge would be overrun by annoying crowds. But I have to give props where it is deserved and SideBar is on the top of my list. I first ventured to SideBar early this year after my best friend and I found it during a Yelp search. We got all fancied up and harassed in route at a dive bar we stopped at along the way. Pssh neanderthals they didn't know where we were heading. Well... neither did we. This place is great. It is by far my favorite downtown spot. It has AMAZING music that is not too loud to converse over. You can expect to hear Portishead, reggae or something groovy. If it is First Friday most likely a DJ will be set up in the corner spinning. There is plenty of comfortable seating for your date and yourself or group of friends. It is chic and contemporary and you cant help but dig the exposed brick.Tony at the bar is my favorite bartender in town and ALWAYS knows whats up. He introduced my best friend and I to Sammy Smiths Nut ale and Strongbow. This had me voting for SideBar in Phoenix's Best of for almost EVERY category. I have been to this hidden lounge a lot. I plan to keep venturing there and saying hello to Tony, but the prices are steep so my visits are seldom. Try Sundays if you are on a budget I hear they have 20% off happy hour.
5	I see a lot of four stars...perhaps I'm too generous with my five stars. I'm a giver.Attended a party for Georgie on Friday night and had a great time. Easy to find, easy to park, easy to get a drink. Plus- HEY they have the same turbo nozzle a/c vents that I have in my home. I could live there. Exposed brick? Me too! Felt right at home.I love the way they display their art, I'm assuming from local artists. I would prefer to not have to walk down a flight of stairs after a night of drinking. However, no problems there - thankfully. :)
4	With 83 reviews you are not going to learn a lot from my review that has not already been said.  So I will just add this.  They have a great selection of booze that you don't see a lot of around town. For starters they have an Absinthe Fountain. Don't  see a lot of that. They also have two different flavors of Chimay Beer.  Very rare to see that in a bar cooler.  They have one of my favorites, Dead-Guy ale and their wine selection was decent as well.   After all of these selections, what did I drink when I was there?  Single malt Scotch.
5	SideBar is a great downtown spot. Always a good vibe, good music, nice mix of people and great cocktails. Perfect for a nightcap after dinner at one of Phoenix's many unique downtown restaurants.
4	I've been to sidebar twice now, for two different and equally fun birthday outings. Getting the obvious things out of the way: The bar staff is always very friendly and don't leave you stranded for hours. Parking is plentiful. There is only one bathroom for each gender, which could lead to long waits, but I've never had to, so that's rad. And as both a pro and a con, it is a small space upstairs of a Pei Wei or something and is very intimate and speakeasy-esque. What I find unique about SideBar are the people who fill the space. The first time I was there there was a large group of hispanic ska-punks and a grotesque couple doing inappropriate things on a couch in front of everyone. The second time it was more of a post-grad crew. Both times everyone mixed well and had a great night. I like that all sorts of people hang out here, even if you are a regular you're likely to meet new, entertaining people.
5	This is that place you walk into for the first time and say to yourself, "why haven't I been here before."  It's hip, laid back, and definitely not on the trendy side.   The owner must have had an idea for what he wanted and got it right with this bar.Located above a Starbucks and Pei Wei in not to far away from the light rail or downtown Phoenix.  Close enough, but not to far away from the scene.  The inside has exposed bricks, sleek couches, south facing windows with the skycrapers in the background, lights dimmed nicely, and classic movies playing on the few tv's they have.Beer selection is great, wines not so bad, and plenty of choices of hard alcohol to make any concoction that keeps you happy.  Not much for food, but that's really not why you come here.The feeling inside makes you feel like you are not in Phoenix and should be located in some culturally diverse city.  This is for sure great addition to the neighborhood.  I will keep this place on my short list of places to frequent near downtown.
5	I love this place.  Happy Birthday, SideBar!  I'll be back to see you soon.
4	If you are passing by the area (and only "if") definately stop in.  I live no where near this locale, so i am not sure i'll be back, but it was nice to be invited to their anniversary party.  A little tricky to find, blink and you will miss the hidden door!Has a jazzy-blues feel to it.  Nice comfy seating on sofas.  Place is not too big nor too small.  Good seating along the bar or across it on high-boy tables.  Service was prompt and efficient.  Their specialty cocktails were really nothing that i would normally pick.  But, the retro martini with champange in it was pretty refreshing.  I also tried a cucumber tini with mint i think.  was different.Again, thanks for the party invite.  Was fun & different.
4	I had my first sidebar experience a few nights ago and I enjoyed it! It has a cozy yet chic atmosphere, without the elitist attitude that can be found in other establishments. They also have a pretty decent menu, which comes in handy around happy hour :). The only issue i had was that there is not much space and thus, i was constantly excusing myself and climbing over others in order to move. Other than that, well done Sidebar.
5	Sidebar is def my favorite bar in town for when you want to sit back and enjoy a great conversation with good music and some people watching. Too bad I have to live so far away from it.The bar itself is modern in style with retro furniture and exposed brick walls.  It's actually a pretty small bar and anytime they get more then 30 people in there it tends to feel crowded. Speaking of the crowd, the scene at Sidebar is one of the better things about it. Your never sure what kind of people to expect when you walk up the steps. Sometimes it's the art crowd, others the grad school kids. Luckily, it's never the Affliction, wind resistant hair crowd. Hopefully this post doesn't jinx it.Most nights there's a random movie playing on the tv. I've seen everything from 300 to Devil women from mars and it's a wonderful life. Usually there's no sound so the cheesy B movies are great conversation pieces when you want to fill in your own words. Music is mostly funk/dance/trip/jazz and suits the atmosphere well. The staff there is great. The bartender's all seem to really enjoy their work and have no problems telling you what they like and dislike on the menu and make some great recommendations if you tell them what your looking for. The white rabbit is there staple martini, it's worth trying at least once.
4	SideBar is a great urban spot that's not only quaint but friendly and hip.  This place is a best-kept secret and it's as inviting as any neighborhood bar but also very retro.  Old movies play in the background and the friendly bar staff serves up excellent martini's and specialty drinks.  The White Rabbit martini is a favorite of mine and is very similar to that of horchatta. Great deejays perform in this little spot and I love that it attracts a very diverse and friendly Phoenix crowed.  This is definitely a favorite spot of mine and I would recommend this to anyone who appreciates hip local spots.  Sundays are industry night and
5	Went to SideBar a few weeks ago, as part of my attempt to broaden my horizons when it comes to going out...aka, going out anywhere else other than Old Town.  It's a shame I don't live downtown, because it definitely is one of my favorite bars in Phoenix now.The atmosphere is perfect.  I'm a big fan of chill establishments like this...I love going to a chill, loungey bar/club, where I can drink, socialize, listen to awesome music, and even dance if I wanted to, and not have to push people out of my way to get from one side to the other.  SideBar is that place.  The decor is hip and modern, and totally is not your typical Scottsdale/Phoenix joint.  The music is outstanding, at least it was the night I was there.  Awesome house music, something that is often hard to find in this city.  SideBar feels like the type of bar you find in a 'real' city...London comes to mind.Drinks are also made really well, and they have a huge variety of good beers and good spirits...absinthe fountain included.  Again, very big city-European feel.  And as many of the reviews have said, the crowd is hip, but un-pretentious and non-douche baggy.  The place just has an outstanding vibe....HIGHLY recommend SideBar if you like the above.
4	Walked upstairs to the sounds of the DJ sampling a Billie Holliday-ish sound-alike, saw 2001: A Space Odyssey playing on the screen, and knew I was hooked. It's hip yet laid back and serves PHX well. Seating was abundant and comfortable. Service was quick but I'm subtracting points for dousing one of my JWBs with Coke instead of a splash of water. Still, with the atmosphere and music, SideBar was one of my favorite spots in town. (Where's my ascot!?! (:D))I didn't mind the walk from the rail but if you find yourself with a group that can't hoof more than a few blocks without complaining, then hail a cab. 4.1 Stars.
5	Two words: White RabbitYes the nectar of the drunken gods, White Rabbit is amazing! Part Horchata, part Godiva white chocolate liquor part goodness!! lol, the Side bar's White Rabbit is the best damned drink I've had in a LONG time!!  Throughout my night at sidebar, i've tried as many drinks as I could - I had several White Rabbit, the Psychadellic cocktail which is made with absinthe that was also very good, the cenphopolitian which is a close 2nd place and the mulberry whisky. These are REAL drinks, made with real skill. Every one of them was good and that's not just the booze talkin'! I wish they had more of an appetizer menu, i mean come on... heat up a toaster oven and let's get crackin'! but one good thing on the food front - they turn a blind eye when ppl bring in their Pei Wei... So that's good! :) The bathrooms are dark but also pretty and they have mints(!) in a lil bowl I almost knocked over twice while trying to figure out the intracaticies of my outfit. They also have an uber chic decor that is nice but not so mod that its alienating, but I must admit I'm a lil scared of their bar stools. lol
5	I really love Sidebar and its random location (above Starbucks and Pei-Wei with the entrance on the side of the building). This is such a cute local spot with great techno/electro music and decor. I love the random cult classic/B-movies that show, too. The drinks are decent and if I recall, reasonably priced. They have appetizers, too, but I haven't tried them. I have been there a few times including New Year's for the upcoming 2009. Everytime, I have really enjoyed myself. There is a diverse group of people and I have never felt that people were snooty or pretentious. For me, those are HUGE turn-offs at any place. I can't say I would make the drive here if I didn't already live so close, but for a local spot, it is sa-weet.
2	Alright, listen... I know Phoenix has been developing its culture slowly-but-surely, more so over the past decade.  It's becoming great, and -- at the least -- the whole process is keeping folks interested when one place/attraction after another turns out to be cool.  There certainly are a few great places to come of it that you'd probably yearn for if you're looking for something as substantial in some other city or your own home town.But FUQ if your run-of-the-mill, dinky little joint is simply the millionth, gussied up little girl -- empty on the inside.  Really.  BE something.  Or, try to make my $10 Macallan worth it... be interested or something, damnit... it doesn't take much to please me when you're serving liquor.Try even a simple nod & grin, or learn some tips from Lloyd from 'The Shining'... or *something*.  Shit.
3	If it wasn't for the Three Olives Root beer White Russian.. I would probably not have given this one a high rating. Let's go down the problems:- One bartender working behind the counter while there was what seemed to be a large charity event going on. - The other bartender was too busy showing a new girl the ropes and ignoring all patrons who seemed to be getting more annoyed by this. - Parking is really... lacking. Especially for as many businesses that are in this sort of store block, it really should have been planned better or at least more equipped to handle the amount these places could draw- Place was a little cramped for a Thursday night. - Bartenders weren't really all that friendly, nice or even felt like they valued your buck. Really cold service. - No cold glasses for the bottled beer. I mean, seriously, how do you run a bar that has a wide selection of bottled beer and then expect people to just drink it out of the bottle. If I'm paying a good $5-8 for a bottle that I could toss in a few more bucks to get a six pack of, I'm expecting a cold glass. That's why I'm drinking at a bar. So I don't have to risk shattering my glass in my own freezer. In saying that, as cold as the service was, the non-bottled drinks were colder. What caught my eye was a Three Olives Root Beer Caucasian. Considering that this Spanish guy has a thing for Caucasians.. not to mention that I really love The Big Lebowski, that just called to me. I mean.. it even has root beer in it. Do you know how hard it is for me to turn down root beer floats? I love that stuff. That drink alone gets this place a three stars to be A-ok. While I wont make this my destination point if I'm in Phoenix, I may have a hankering for another Root Beer White Russian.
4	Cool spot to stop for a drink if you're in the neighborhood.This is definitely a place for cocktails, as opposed to other libations.  Signature cocktails are the way to go -- I had a cucumber-mint martini, which was very good. The ambiance is modern and slightly Euro, and also very urban.  The absence of windows, dim lighting and backdoor entrance make SideBar feel exclusive.  There is no outdoor space, so this place might be a great option for hiding out on a hot summer night.
5	My list of 'badass places' only contains of about 10 places in Phx; and SideBar is one of the best! It is perfectly located, perfect size, prefect crowd, amazing beer selections, and you can have Pei Wei delivered to you. SideBar is #2 on my list for best beer selections (Yardhouse is #1). I have been here numerous times and eachtime I find a new beer that takes my breath away. I have experienced everyday of the week here and Sundays are by far the best. The best DJ and the most eclectic crowd
5	After a year in the Valley, one of my girlfriends took me to Side Bar.  I really like the atmosphere.  It was sleek yet cozy. The night we went in, it was hopping but not overly crowded.  A welcome sight considering much of my first year in the Valley was spent in crowded, pretentious Scottsdale hotspots. As I get older, I crave more intimate setting and SideBar fits the bill.  Also, I give five stars to any business who goes out of their way to help a good cause.  SideBar is just that kind of establishment.  If anyone is on Twitter, follow #buzzcation.  @SideBarphx has let #buzzcation folks hold a number of networking and fundraising happy hours.  It's a cool crew so come out and joing and I commend SideBar for always accomodating this crazy crew of tweeples. :)
5	Well, well...I'm the 100th review for SideBar. Appropriate, I say.What can I say...love this bar! It's got this "neighborhood bar" vibe without the look of being tired, old, boringly familiar...get me?The drink concoctions are deliciously dangerous (meaning: the good kind). Owner and uber-hip Josh Parry knows how to blend natural fruit juices, herbs and spices, and even horchata to come up with a drink that is can be so addicting...in a good way of course. The ambiance is urban lounge-y, dark and private enough that you can have an intimate date here or show up with not a lot of make-up on and still look good. The crowd varies from young professionals, to hipsters, to government notables, to quirky artists...a good mix. Josh invites DJ on weekends and always holds fun events every now and then.Personally, I am a fan of SideBar and Josh because they know their downtown PHX community. They are always ready to support a good cause and realize the importance of keeping the downtown scene alive. I have hosted two social events at SideBar and both were well attended (100+ guests) simply because they know that SideBar will graciously accommodate
5	love this place.  great intimate atmosphere, close to i10, great selection of beer and cocktails.  very cool decore and friendly staff.
5	On the ashes of the once great dive bar and local music mecca, Emerald Lounge, the Sidebar is one of the coolest little bars I've been to in quite some time. Climb the stairs to enter a low key, dim lit lounge atmosphere with great style, seating and a very nice drink selection. Be careful you don't get some hipster on you though, because along with plenty of nice, casual patrons, the "too cool for you" crowd flocks here.However, don't let that discourage you. Get there early enough and you can have quite a nice evening. The DJs frequently the bar get it. Everything I've heard there help keeps the urban lounge feel, even when there's a lot of mixing and mashing going on. I'm old compared to the average patron so you'll have to ignore my requests to turn the music down a bit. I'd like to chat with folks without shouting. It was a Friday night, so I'm sure that's what gets to joint jumping. I'll to try a quiet night for my lounge lizard libations.
4	very cool place for a laid back night out with a few friends. its cozy and comfortable. generally bathrooms sway my opinions greatly. they had an awesome bathroom. moreover, i love how they take ikea stuff and make it look cool. everytime i try that it looks like a cluttered college dorm room. kudos."i cant decide if its the decor or the ambiance."
4	Clean.  Hip.  Casual. Contemporary.  Decorated by Ikea.Good stopping point on the way home.
5	I'm starting to loose track of the number of times I've been here.  Ever since the bartender at My Florist told me about this place, I've been here with something resembling regularity.  Between the overall ambiance, the mostly comfortable seating, and the very good service, this place is a true gem in the Valley.
4	It's small, modern, retro, dark, intimate, and at times pretty romantic. Oh and they serve up some mean cocktails! Try the CenPhopolitain super fruity and a great tribute to Central Phoenix. This place played great music and the service was pretty fast for being as busy as they were. Check out this loft of a bar and you'll have a great time!
5	After visiting with some friends in Tempe, myself and Emily R. decided to stop for a quick nitecap. Very cool place. The DJ's were jamming, the bartenders were friendly, and everyone seemed to know everyone. Plus it's 20% off on Sunday's nights so that makes it even better. Even so, it really is a cool, laid back kind of place where you can grab a drink, catch up with friends, or even a cool place for a first date. I will definitely be back here soon.
4	Thumbs up - I thought Sidebar was pretty cool.  They have a really cool & interesting cocktail list (that is the first time I have seen horchata in a drink...and it was delicious!) and the prices are decent.  The inside is kind of a cross between the 1970's/prohibition era speakeasy/Ikea modern.  It was pretty crowded when we were in there (about 11 on a Friday) and the scene was quite varied.  Luckily a group was leaving as we walked in, so we could get a table.  Sidebar, don't be surprised if you see me again on my next trip through Phoenix!
5	This is pretty much the perfect bar for me. Hip but not pretentious crowd; cute guys; friendly, down-to-earth bartenders; perfect lighting; good DJs (the live bouzouki on top of recorded tracks was a bit weird, but I give them props for trying); free, help-yourself water; and 20% off everything on Sundays.I had my first absinthe experience here and will never forget it. The perfect place to lose your absinthe virginity if you so desire.
4	Love me some SideBar! Reminds me of Seattle, in a good way. I celebrated my 30th Birthday here in February. (Yes, I said 30. Here's where you send me a compliment stating I don't look a day over 25.) The drinks are damn tasty at SideBar. My fave is the CenPhoPolitan..or something very close to that. A little pricey, but not every place can serve $2 Coors Lights. Actually, they only serve Bud Light...sorry to my friend Roberta. Great music, vibe, urban space that I dig. My only gripe is that they don't serve any real food. They don't have a permit to serve hot food, so pita chips and prepackaged hummus is the extent of the menu. Oh well, come after dinner and prepare to get Sideways at SideBar!
4	I walked in and Bloc Party was playing on the speakers. This is a good sign, a very good sign. I went there for a Couchsurfing meet-up and it was a nice, intimate, and quiet space for us to chat. The drinks are reasonably priced and I really like the atmosphere. It's dimly lit and slightly upscale. Parking can get complicated around happy hour, so there have been times when I haven't been able to go because of how busy it is. It's a nice, quiet place to relax and chat with friends. I can't imagine going here for a wild night out or in the hopes of meeting someone new.
5	Writing a review for SideBar is intimidating. All my friends love this place, and have said it all. But I have to write this and say "me too!" I love figuring out what crazy movie they are playing, once this crazy silent film version of The Wizard of Oz had Rachel Reese and I so mesmerized that we couldn't concentrate on anything else for an hour.I love that I know some of the bartenders, they're really friendly, and that I can just give them a look from somewhere near the bar and they know what to get me.I usually love the pandora music. I've had several "who is this, I like it" discussions here, and have had to break out shazaam a couple times to quench my curiosity.And what I love the most is that whenever I go here, it's with a group of really awesome people.
5	You haven't had a martini til you've tried one at SideBar. Fresh squeezed juices and the perfect blend of ingredients makes this my favorite place in town for a yummy drink. My favorite? For now it's the 'Lectric Lemonade". I take small sips to savor every bit ;)
5	My new favorite place in Phoenix.  How have I lived here 2 years and I'm only now discovering how great central phx is??Love the random movies they play on the tvs in the background, the list of sidebar cocktails, the music they play, and how friendly the bartenders always are.  If you're looking for a mellow lounge, a good crowd of normal, non-scottsdale people--this is it.  It's hip without the stuck up vibe.  Very modern looking inside--All the couches they have make it good for a group as long as its not too crowded.  Every time I walk in this place, I want to move next door, so I can walk over for a pimm's cup instead of driving from Scottsdale!  But it's worth it....
4	Excellent night out on First Friday: great drinks & sweet atmosphere... it definitely lived up to all the great reviews here. And since it's in my hood, I'll be frequenting this place again & again.
4	I went to this place for my 21st birthday because I heard about it being a cool bar on yelp.  I find that this place lives up to the reviews.  It is a hipster place, but they have created a clean and intimate space that is nice for small groups or a date not anyone more than I would say 8 unless it is a slow night.  I will return when I am in the neighborhood.
4	If you are looking for something small, hip and trendy then this is your place.  Great atmosphere here.  My party of 4 arrived pretty early last night (Saturday) and there were only 2 others in the place.  I really like uncrowded bars but I feel this place gets pretty crowded later in the evening.  We were there for about an hour and it was starting to get busy before we left.We all sat at the bar to chat up the bar tender.  He was super cool, friendly and made great drinks.  We tried a couple of their signature drinks and they were all very good and unique to say the least.  I'm pretty sure you can't go wrong with anything on their signature drink list.  Just remember they are all pretty sweet and not that strong.After sampling a few of their signature drinks I needed something a little stronger so I ordered up a martini.  It was good but I was bummed that they didn't have blue cheese olives which are my fav in martinis.  However, they do have nice big pretzels to munch on at the bar if you ask nicely.All-in-all it is a solid bar but I would  hate the place if it got crowded. It is also only about a 10 minute walk from the light rail.
5	SideBar is one of my favorite places to go downtown (near downtown) and either there is something going on or there are enough people to provide the perfect atmosphere for almost any mood.  We were there this past Friday with a large group of people and the staff handled our size really well and with a smile.  The owner is a great guy and will go out of his way to make sure that everyone is satisfied with their evening (or day).  I absolutely recommend SideBar to an after dinner drink - You can walk up from Pei Wei below - and have a great evening within a few thousand square feet.
5	Dropped in for a happy hour visit today and were super glad we did so.  What a cool place!  While it isn't the biggest place you will find, it is exactly the kind if place you would want to hang out with, either by yourself, with a friend, or a bunch of friends.  The atmosphere is hard to beat.  The bartender( he might have been the owner/manager) was super attentive and understands what customer service is all about.  One guy asked him to make some shot ( he gave him a slip of paper with ingriedents) that he had had at some other bar.  It was supposed to be triple layered and when it didn't come out quite how the guy wanted it, he Goggled it and tried to replicate it for him.  It still wasn't quite what the guy wanted....I would have told him to just get a shot of tequila and man up!  We were amazed how patient he was and how genuinely intent on making that stupid drink the way the guy wanted it.   He definitely took care of us and we will be back.  Looks like there are lots of possibilities, on lots of different days, for a good time here.Note to first timers:  Entering off of McDowell can be tricky. The McDowell entrance is not left turn friendly. It is located above the Pei Wei and Starbucks. The easiest way to enter seems to be off of 7th Ave.  Turn into the lot right after you pass McDowell.Movie during our Happy Hour: Escape From New York..love it!  The music in the place is awesome too.
5	This place is the shizznit (on Sundays)!!!  I have been going every Sunday recently and always have a great time!The cocktails are fun and tasty and 20% off on Sundays...!On Sundays they have DJ's mixing some awesome chilled deep house beats which is always a treat.Monday mornings just don't agree with me at all...
4	Still loving this place, but i feel like no one else does...Or maybe when people see my car in the parking lot they all leave. I have taken my friend to Sidebar twice, and its always dead. Granted, we go during the week around 8 30ish. I know on first Friday its busy, and maybe its the same on the weekends. "I don't know!"  (throwing my hands up.)So, in closing. Sidebar is cool, great drinks. good music, but as far as i have seen, its not "popin" as the kids say. (Do 'the kids' still stay that?)
4	Stopped in last night with the lovely Barbara G. for an evening of cocktails and dancing, and while we didnt do much dancing we certainly had an entertaining evening to say the least. This was my second time visiting the Sidebar, and I have to say, my experiences were like night and day!Last night was the infamous sunday dance party. We mounted those stairs as the beat thumped and the DJ loomed at the top of the staircase like a monolith of sound, a pillar of electro non-chalance. It was a bit crowded and akward to get at the bar tenders with bodies loitering everywhere, a million side conversations chattering away, obscuring my pleas in a Cacophonous wall of noise. I am 6'4'' and with a jew fro mop of curls, i've never had a problem attracting a bar tenders gaze what with my inherent good looks and obvious desperation for liquor. Last night was different. We stood there for a good 10-20 minutes it seemed before we were even acknowledged. A wandering door man "sans porte" approached us for our id's. I gave him mine, he slapped a wristband on me. Babs fumbled in her purse for hers but finally found it and she received her token of age verification. We waited. and waited. The door man came back and asked for our id's again. we flashed our wristbands.Finally a bar tender acknowledges my presence, i put in an order for a greyhound and a dirty martini, this was approx $12? My greyhound was a little weak w/ the voddy and heavier on the grapefruit than i'd have preferred but it was tasty none the less. Barbara's dirty 'tini was strong and delicious, *makes mental note*.We shouldered our way past the crowded dance floor and grabbed some seats on the very edge. A rotund guy girated on the dance floor w/ the grace of an epileptic sea cow, and his crew sashayed and minced about him like moons or satellites stuck in his orbit. His red shirt and plump body and spastic movements entrapped my gaze, quite shaman like, and it wasnt long before I became nauseous and suggested we move away from his coterie of shameless ness.Unfortunately the dance floor grew bigger and his jerky movements propelled him nearer us yet again. I went to grab a tall boy of Pabst, momentarily abandoning Barbara G., to fend for herself.After what seemed an eternity, i'd secured another brew. I elbow my way back to Barbara, only to see her pained expression turn to relief, there happened to be a great spot on the couch opened up so i waved her over. We sat on the plush couches whispering to each other and sipping our cocktails, surverying the crowd. The people watching here was just stellar, so many characters: cool-aid sea cow ballerina and the spiders from mars, prince valliant with a curly lions mane of hair, the various dj's and hipster girls, and of course plenty of 'mo's out living it up.On the way out the wandering door man asked us for our ID's a 3rd time, but by then we were too tired to be annoyed.I had a great time and truly enjoyed myself, it might be a while before i come back to Sidebar on a sunday night but it's definitely worth a visit. What with "Party Foul"/ Homme dead and gone, this seems to be your next best bet for a dance night at a really great bar.
5	Last night I dropped in with my brother. It was the first night in my new place in the Roosevelt, and my house is literally down the street, so I thought it'd be quite fitting to celebrate my successful move with an evening of classy cocktails at SideBar.As we mounted that now legendary staircase we saw a DJ warming up his station, and wicked deja vu entered my mind, "a repeat of sunday night?"NO, definitely not.While sunday night was enjoyable, Thursday night easily trumped it.We strolled in, and saddled up at the bar, straddling those funky chairs, and promptly ordered our drinks.A dirty martini for me.A dead guy for my little bro.The dirty tini was fabulous, I am so glad I remembered this from last sunday; it was poured heavy on the vodka, and shaken- not stirred. with a healthy skewer of 3 pimento olives. YUM!I nursed that baby like a newborn son. As happy hour neared close, much to our delight and surprise the bar tender announced it would be happy hour all night!I was as giddy as can be. The art show they had going on at the time featured a local photographer, whose art has been on display the past month at some of my favorite haunts, Carly's namely. We chatted briefly regrding his and my favorite photos in his collection. Very talented and friendly guy, shame his name escapes me.After the tini, I was feeling hungry and thankfully the bar was stocked with pretzel bowls that I munched on continually. All the while the DJ was spinning THE. MOST. badass playlist of 60's and 70's soul r&b and mo town classics. "..Just gimme some kinda sign girl! oh my baby! show me that your mine girl..."The stage was set for Sidebar to supplant all others as my favorite neighborhood bar, and I couldnt be more pleased.Sidebar, "If we start this fire, we'll burn the world to ashes..."
5	okay so i know it must seem like i have a huge boner for SideBarand i dobut i keep finding out so many awesome quirks about this place,that i feelmust be sharedmondaysfree mexican food, catered by ranch market!omfghow awesome!grab yourself a strong cocktail, chat w/ the cute bar tender, grub down on delicious authentic mexican food from one of phx's best mercados, absolutamente GRATIS!love love love you sidebar! xoxoxox
5	The closest thing I have to a neighborhood pub.  Not bad.They sell loads of Belgian and Canadian beer.  That is all that you need to know.
3	Drinks are yummy but over priced compared to some other Phoenix bars.Staff seem friendly.Decor and vibe is very hip and relaxing. Patrons are okay, not a super friendly vibe so bring company.If i were coming here as a first timer I'd definitely come during happy hour to check it out & see if I liked it enough to come back.
4	Fun lounge, great for large groups and good drinks. Service isn't the best, but the ambiance is nice
3	I'd probably need to come back to thoroughly do this place any justice.  Likewise, I'd probably need to drink a little more as well (because I'm not a drinker).All that aside, Sidebar seems to strive to be quaint while still retaining that uber hip chic.  I think it accomplishes this pretty well.  People were pretty conscious about how they looked and how close you sat to them.  It's hard to maintain personal space and a circle of comfort when the place is packed and there isn't much seating to begin with.  I guess that's quaint.Plus one for the dim lighting, I love that.  The photography on the walls was decent enough to catch my attention and not just blend into the clutter.We had two drinks, a cenphopholitan and some type of caucasian with root beer vodka.  The caucasian was stronger and got the nod from my wife and I.I'll probably come back.  Postscript:  Parking kind of sucks when it's busy.
4	Nice little place upstairs from Starbucks.  Great place to drop in and have a drink downtown.  We were heading to Dodge Theatre so we stopped in for a cocktail and enjoyed it.  I would recommend it.  The fresh grapefruit juice greyhounds were good.  Wines by the glass are above average as well.  Cool atmosphere.
4	We went early, so we didn't have any of the seating issues others have mentioned.  The decor and set-up was neat, and the bartender was friendly and attentive.  I agree that the drinks are pretty expensive -- but the White Rabbit was amazing.  I'm not  a big fan of mixed drinks generally, but horchata and white chocolate liqueur?  Awesome!  I'll definitely be back.  Great place!
5	If I could give it more than 5, I would.  Sweet Pea and I live down the street, literally DOWN THE STREET, from this bar.  We waited for it to open for what seemed like decades, praying that this was going to be the type of place that could become our local.  It has exceeded our expectations.  The atmosphere is amazing.  The drinks are amazing- every last one of them- but the margaritas are the best I've ever had.  They tasted like a fresh squeeze of sunshine that makes me happy inside.  Margarita Mondays- $4 margs AND free food?  Happy hours are amazing.  New Year's Eve last year was amazing.  The 1 year anniversary party was amazing.  But most of all, the owner and staff are some of the coolest peeps that you'll ever meet.  Go here.  You will love it.
4	Going elementary school style for this quick review...you might remember this style probably when making a M-O-T-H-E-R's D-A-Y card or something...S -ervice is great and consistentI  -go there after work bcuz they're one of few bars open til 2am every nt!D -o you want to meet for a drink there sometime?E -veryone who loves GOOD beer will be happy hereB-e a bit early on the weekends or maybe go during the week for a seat otherwise you're standing!A-re you going to try their cucumint martini or white rabbit? You should.R-eally great atmosphere without pretentiousness.
3	Made my debut at SideBar on an extremely quiet (dead) Thursday night but was very impressed with the atmosphere, beer selection (I went with the 22 oz Arrogant Bastard) and Happy Hour pricing. HOWEVAH, I would have to give a C- to the barkeep, who failed to fulfill two requests for water. It's hard to evaluate a mostly empty bar or its staff but I'll definitely go back, hopefully during one of their DJ nights. I have a feeling SideBar could get pretty nuts with the right crowd and music.Great place for a date, especially if she likes beer or specialty num-nums and gets prettier as the lights dim.
4	My husband and I had our weekly date night.  Mamma needed to get her drink! We decided to venture back to Phoenix since there are so many new places we wanted to try. Even though it was fairly empty, this place looks like it gets busy later at night.  I loved my Lectric Lemonade, great way to start the night.  I loved the decor, and the setting above a Starbucks.  Very hip.  The only thing I would suggest to the owners is to reprint their Happy Hour cards, it said HH goes from Mon- Sat.  Bartender said is only Mon-Fri.  I was not going to let that spoil my night and I really liked the place.  I will be back!
5	Sidebar  the perfect name for this estalishment. Its def modern with a classy style. This bar is way laid back as well  comfotable seating at bartop or floor or dine area. Every monday is margarita monday, with great bart drink specials and serve yourself fresh soft tacos, chips and salsa/guac. spiciest i have ever tasted!delicous.  CHECK THIS BAR OUT!
4	i use to think this was one of the most boring places to drink ever.after saturday night, my opinion was changed. but only a little tiny tiny bit.random crowd. good drinks (drinks are strong, and the bartenders pour that long)..  and well, if you're so inclined, drugs could very easily be copped here. #dontdoit #drugsnevertheless, if you stay here long... you'll feel like hell the next day for sure.
4	Great martini's and they even have Absynthe if you're looking to get crazy. Great looking modern style bar and lounge.
4	Nice beers and drinks. Music can get a little loud for conversation. Great location -- I can walk home!
4	As that SideBar is located near my work, I've been stopping in for a drink more often. I keep going back for three reasons: 1) location, obviously. Plus, it's in a great spot even if you don't work a few blocks away. 2) The Sidebar Collins. They make their own mix and it makes all the difference. 3) The bartenders. They are super friendly, extremely helpful, and provide excellent recommendations.Happy hour is the best time to stop by - $4 appetizers, $8 off bottles of wine and much cheaper cocktails. It gets pretty busy late at night, but that only makes for more interesting people to talk to!
4	This place is amazing and should warrant at least one visit from you!The atmosphere and layout of the bar is wonderful. More than half of the bar is dedicated to comfy couches, nifty tables, and flat screen TVs. The lighting is low and casual and the people are friendly.The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars from me: the service isn't the BEST I've ever experienced at a bar. It takes a minute to wave down the bartender for a drink and you typically have to ask for a refill.One perk: they don't charge your card until  you tab out so there isn't that annoying "hold" on funds the next day.
5	Ah, my favorite not so secret, secret bar. Fantastic place to take a date, even better place to chill with your girls and a yummy drink. Not just sweet foo foo drinks (though the white rabbit never fails me)...no, there some kind of sparkly ginger fastasma that seems like it could be a manly drink. The seating is lounge style, low lights and original art lining the walls. Hipster Central Phoenix crowd, but laid back and not too cool for you. I always come here when I go there.
4	I went here last night with some friends and I have to say, I am impressed!! It is refreshing to find a lounge like this in the Phoenix area that is not full of plastic. This reminded me of a bar you would go to in NYC; the stairway leads up to a narrow, dark, and modern room with an eclectic bunch of people filling a space that is standing room only. Oh yeah, and the bartenders know their stuff. This place also has a great drink selection. I am not a beer connoisseur, but I am always a fan of trying something I have never had before. So when I saw Unibroue La FIn Du Monde on the menu, I had to order it. Really, I just wanted to order a "Uni-brow" and I got a good laugh from the bartenders. It was however a great beer :) Aside from my new sampling, they also had a great selection of Weissbier, of which I am a huge fan. I was driving so I did not get the opportunity to try the mixed drinks, but they looked phenomenal! The atmosphere was outstanding in general with a fun vibe and good music. The crowd was entertaining to watch and a great mix of people. You could come dressed up or down to this joint and you would be just fine. I am definitely coming back to this spot in the future :)
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):3 Food9 **Drinks**10 Service7 Atmosphere7 ValueI'm solid on Sidebar, but I don't really get excited by the place.I've always had great service at Sidebar, and the drinks are pretty damn good.  But the fact that they don't serve any decent food makes them just a watering hole - and frankly since they're a half mile down a pedestrian-UNfriendly road (McDowell) from a light rail station, and on the far side of 7th Ave - not a very convenient one b/c I don't drink & drive.
3	The interior is really nice and looks like what a bar should be; clean and dark with plenty of sofas and place to sit.  The music is not so memorable. It's one of the few places in town that I've been to that has my favorite beer; Belgium Lindeman's and Chimay, although in bottles. The tap is not so great, just standard.On week nights, you can always find parking but weekends could be an issue with lack of sufficient parking space. It is in a small lot. I would definitely come back here again , and see if my experience changed.
4	SideBar is awesome.  I've been here three times for the world famous #buzzcation events (follow @buzzcation on Twitter). I'd be here more often if  I lived closer.The exposed brick, dim lights and sleek couches scream "ultra lounge," but you wont find any pretentiousness or 30K millionaires here. The beer selection is great. They have several wheat beers (my favorite); if you ask for an orange slice, you'll get a HUGE slice. I don't know what the atmosphere is like during non-special events, but the place is very laid back, and pretty cozy. They accommodate large groups well. Kudos to Josh, the owner, for supporting the PHX community.
4	Met Josh, the owner, last night and have to commend him on this sleek lounge. Great beer selection. Listed included a number of IPAs which gets high marks from me, including the revered DFH 90 minute. Atmosphere was sophisticated and dark. The decor had a polished charm to it, think swanky NY loft. Great service and good music for mingling with other folks looking for libations. I will be going back to this little gem.
5	The decor encourages groups to mingle.  They can reserve part of the room for your happy hour.  Great selection of drinks, and good happy hour prices.  The management is very friendly and accomidating.  The decor is modern and comfortable.  Overall, a great place to meet hip 20 to 40 somethings after work.  My only wish?  I wish they'd coordinate to have one of the tasty food carts rolling around Phoenix to set up shop in the extra parking across the street-yum!
3	Man...Ok, I waited a couple of weeks to write this review update so as to not let my irritation surrounding our experience here cloud my judgment. Turns out I'm still pissed off. I will do my best to remain impartial and separate said irritation from fact.   I will preface this by saying that I have always really enjoyed my experiences at Sidebar. I would go as far to say that it's on VERY regular rotation due to location, atmosphere and price. We stop in at least a few times a month for drinks either before or after dinner and everyone that I've introduced to the place has been back on their own accord. I also know that the management and ownership genuinely care about their reputation in the community. That said, what happened here on Saturday night a few weeks ago is unacceptable and if I may be honest, was not handled properly and needs to be addressed. Anyone that knows me knows I like to get my drink on. I get it...you're out with your friends, you have a DD for the night (though in this case, I doubt it) your having a good time, and bam....all of the sudden you realize "damn, I'm fucked up!" "I'm seeing two of everything" "I can barely stand up straight"   What do you do??Well, let me tell you what you don't do... You don't verbally assault the innocent person (that would be me) who happens to squeeze in at the bar next to your equally WT alcoholic boyfriend to order a dessert drink. Yes, you caught me....I'm eye fucking your sloppy, hot mess of a man, he's just so irresistible. After a few minutes of being slurringly cursed at and accused of I don't even know what, a female bartender came over and tried to calm this drunk bitch down by patting her on the arm and *shooshing* her and her boyfriend, who at this point had joined in. By her reaction to the couple I was under the impression that they were friends/acquaintances of the bartender or at the very least, regular customers. Regular customers that had clearly been over-served, whether there or somewhere prior. Regular customers that should NOT have beer/cocktails in front of them at this point. Regular customers that should have been asked to leave or had a cab called for them....something. I had to tell this girl to take her fucking hands off me twice. Her face was an inch away from my face. I could smell her miserable life. There would not have been a third time. The man I believe to be a manager (though I'm not sure, I see him frequently and he's a great guy) approached the couple as well and asked them to quiet down and apologized to us which I really appreciate, however these people couldn't even form coherent sentences. Why are they still in your establishment? Another thing that I must mention is that there has been a significant staff change. I'm all for maintaining a 'down town', edgy sensibility but there is a fine line between truly hip and try-hard hipster....The music on this particular evening was off the charts bad as well. The whole night. I mean, so bad it couldn't even be classified as 'ironically' bad. I dunno....maybe there was a full moon or something.Anyway, I really hope this was all a fluke and when we go back all will be restored with the universe. I like to go out and have a couple glasses of wine with my man, bar brawling is a little 1998 for me, but believe me when I say that when I ask you twice, you don't get a third chance. Be nice.Peace and Love - Kristi
5	We have been to Sidebar at least a dozen times in the last year and have had consistently great experiences! My husband even had his bachelor pre-party at Sidebar. The atmosphere has a cool vibe with exposed brick, cool lounge chairs, couches, good music (but not too loud) and since it's upstairs you can get a great view of Downtown. However, it is not a stuck up scene, there are lots of regular people just there to enjoy a drink and hang out with friends.  The specialty drinks are delicious and the bartenders always make them with pride....I especially love the Gin Blossom (I think that is what it's called) and the Pama Mojito.  There is also a really quality, diverse beer list.  They have a couple basic appetizers, but don't come here if you are looking to eat as it is not really designed for that.
3	Like the place, don't love the place.  The drinks are good, I like their sweet concoctions especiallly.  Love the fact that there are weird sci-fi movies playing on silent in the corner.  Some of the art freaks me out, (local artists which change up the scenery every few months).  No food, you can buy popcorn or chips and dip.  For big parties you can beg and they may let you bring outside food, we were there for a birthday party and they totally flaked on us.  Made for some stressful moments for my friend but we got over it.  i will say that I like sunday nights.  then, a DJ spins some great tunes, just wish it had a real dance floor.
4	Atmosphere, atmosphere, atmosphere....this is a regular spot for me and my friends.  The drinks are well poured and the music is always good.  Pay attention to the rotating art on the walls and the off-beat classic movies playing on the screens.  The creativity of the drink menu shines through, especially with the White-Rabbit.
4	I would describe Sidebar as a hip and trendy dive bar. I know that sounds like an oxymoron but its true. The place is very dark with intimate mood lighting and lounge type sofas and chairs. Theirs local artwork on display all over but I didn't get a good look because its so dark. The bar has a great selection of drinks. We tried the pomegranate mojito. At $8 it was kinda expensive but very tasty! The beer selection is very eclectic with a good selection of draft/bottle bears. We came here late so we missed the happy hour. I would definitely come back for that since there were half-off appetizers. The crowd here is also very different from that of old town Scottsdale and Mill Ave, which is a definite plus!
4	Sidebar is always wonderful any and all days of the week but Sundays are the best nights to get discounted drinks and live GOOD music.  Sidebar is quite unassuming from a cursory glance.  Settled above chains like Pei Wei and Starbucks you might not even notice what is waiting for you upstairs. Once you figure out where the front door is you'll find yourself in a slightly trendier cenpho bar.  Inside is fairly sleek and modern with a long bar and then a small area with sofas and chairs.   I always love the random movies or music videos they play on their little corner TV.  Yes, the bar does have hooks under it for your purse!!!  Automatic bonus points for that simple, yet so appreciated amenity!  Hard to find in most downtown bars, but like I said, Sidebar is a bit swankier than your average cenpho dive.  Whisky Berry Sour is my favorite drink and the more you drink the harder it is to fish out those half muddled blueberries from the bottom :)  The patrons and bartenders alike are super friendly.  After a long day I was craving a whiskey berry sour and ended up chatting with another person and the bar and the bartender for way longer than just the quick drink I was expecting.  Always a welcomed change of plans. Unfortunately the food is nothing to write home about...your average bar type items.  Come for the cocktails and friendly vibe!
1	Not so much anymore... Best bartender is gone. This place is lame.
2	So I have been here quite a few times in the last month or so and it is not as exciting anymore. Last time some of the clientele was quite rude to my friend (yeah I know there are B's everywhere, but she was impressive), another time a guy almost puked on my feet while waiting for the bathroom, and one time the waitress just plain sucked at a whole new level. I guess I am over this place. I still like the lounge appeal/decor inside, but the rest of it is just rather BLAH!
5	Well now that I don't work at sidebar I feel that I can actually review the place and as you can see by the 5 little stars there, I love the SideBar!The owner has an immaculate sense of style and his attention to detail really shows. Super cool and fun staff, the drink list is amazing, and they  have an assortment of booze rarely seen in P-town.  Sunday nights are 20% off of everything and the DJ's know how to rock a party.  Also not to be missed are the Margarita Mondays that feature free Mexican food and probably the best margarita in town.  To sum it up:  SideBar is swanky without the pretense.   If you are looking for a great place to take a date or just hang out with your pals drinking beers in a great atmosphere then this is the place for you.  The one downfall is that they don't have a full food menu, but you can always bring in some pei-wei or munch on some of their hummus and pita chips.
4	Cute little bar on the corner of 7th ave and Mcdowell. It shares a space with a starbucks and pei wei... but its on the second floor... yep kinda odd. But I can look past that. Once you step inside and go up the stairs, the decor is artsy and chill and certainly very different from the typical mill ave/scottsdale hang outs I've been hanging out at. The vibe and feel reminds me a lot of being back in LA. That's a good thing. Their drinks are great. I had their version of the Pimm and it was tasty. I like how they incorporate fresh fruits/vegetable/garnish into each cup. The crowd is diverse and very chill which I loved. I need to get out to PHX more often.
5	Sidebar is a somewhat hidden-in-plain-sight gem of a bar in downtown Phoenix. Nestled subtly above a Starbucks on 7th Ave at McDowell, this bar is a MUST SEE AND BE SEEN AT! It's a very small, prohibition style bar.... unknown to most people, and happy to stay that way. Sunday night is industry night, and it gets pretty insane, like wall to wall packed, 20 minutes to order a drink, and don't even bother trying to use the single toilet bathroom BUSY! Monday is Margarita Monday... get there early for a free taco bar and $4.25 margaritas!The atmosphere here is upscale, yet very comfortable, which probably has to do with the cozy couches and armchairs lining the walls! The beer and cocktail lists are nothing short of impressive, boasting a wide selection and freshly muddled drinks! And to top it all off: great tunes to set the mood!
4	My friend and I were out and about on the town, and we were looking for a great place to hang out. Someplace fun, not pretentious, definitely not douchy. We hopped on Yelp and found SideBar. Both of us live in Scottsdale, and I am the first to admit that I am used to living in my bubble of Old Town.The moment you walk into SideBar, you are sent into an era of awesome. You walk up a killer staircase, and you can smell the booze and good times that await you. My first comment to my friend was, "Well, it smells like a bar." In a good way.Once you get to the top of the staircase, you are greeted by a giant light board. It's pretty spiffy.Clearly, they showcase local artists. Always a plus. You can explore the walls and find some interesting work. Have a nice craft beer selection (bottles), and if you are a fan of different liquors, the bar is well-stocked.The crowd is quite eclectic. All walks of life here. The douchy pretentious guy. The DJ who is off work, hammered and wearing a fro. Artsy girls who are cute. You get it all here.We sat at the bar, and were able to talk without being drowned out by horrible music. The stools were unique. Everything seems Ikea-esque, but who cares....it's a fun place to hang out.There are plenty of couches.Drinks are cheap. Beer was $5 and they didn't charge for the diet coke we ordered. Although....it came in a red party cup. Almost knocked it down a star for not putting it in a collins glass. I asked one of the barbacks for a glass, and he happily obliged.For the record, this is my first venture to the "west" side of town. I want to come back!
4	Finally!  I've found a bar where I can feel at home. Walk on up the staircase and you're transported into a refreshingly unpretentious universe.  The furniture is refined. The space is very unique.  I immediately felt relaxed and at ease among the eclectic crowd. As an artist, I always appreciate spaces that support the local art scene. Sidebar does it right by having opening night festivities complete with a deejay.It's not PACKED with pieces either.  Work is arranged to have a big impact. There's even digital light art. How I love post-modernism!!!  Drinks are poured generously and there's a nice selection of liquors along a gleaming, golden backdrop. However, when you order a non-alcoholic beverage it's served in a plastic red cup. Call me picky, but is it so much to pour my diet coke in a normal glass like everyone else?
5	I've never had a bad time at SideBar! Conveniently located above a Pei Wei, this is a chill place to drink, people watch, and enjoy in conversation with friends or strangers. The  bartenders are friendly and their pours are solid. Sometimes the night starts off someplace else but we often find our way back to trusty ol' Sidebar, where good times are meant to be had. I love watching people drink the Absinthe for the first time, the wretched looks of agony never get old.
4	Awesome dj and exellent bar selection.
4	This has become a standard meet up location for me after a long day at work. I love the atmosphere and the music is always spot on. Weekday evenings it has just the right mood - not over crowded ever - so you are able to carry on a conversation without issue. Parking can be a slight issue competing with Pei Wei and Starbucks but  you forget all that when you walk up those SideBar stairs. Great place to catch up and relax after a long day at work.
4	great pours, great atmosphere, great specialty drinks, fast service, but does get crowded. all in all a good little gem in central phoenix.
5	I'm neither particularly hip or definably cool, despite my grandmother's sentiments to the contrary. I don't even own a nice pair of skinny jeans (the world would probably come to an end if I tried a pair on, seriously a hole would open up in the universe). Understand, getting to sidebar will make you worry (rejoice, maybe, if that's your thing) that you are about to enter a hipsters only zone. You actually feel pretty cool just finding the door and walking up the stairs. However, upon inspection, you will quickly realize that you have entered a bar that is awesome by almost anyone's standards. The crowd is basically a cross section of all bar goers west of Scottsdale and east of Glendale (north and south simply lack enough definition). The interior is cool and welcoming at the same time. The staff are simply awesome, both at performing their job and as nice people. In the 8-10 times I've been to SB in the last year or two, I have always left thinking that we had an awesome bartender/waitress that night. That many times in a row makes it more than a lucky streak. The bartenders whip up some pretty mean cocktails. My wife likes the white rabbit, which doesn't look like a drink I would like. The first time there, I tried hers, tried some more, went to the bar and ordered one for each of us. While I endorse the white rabbit, I am a bigger fan of their whiskey and diet, a perfect blend of two very special ingredients (though one more special than the other). They have a lot of bottled beers from various microbrews. I first came here randomly with the wife and friends for New Year's Eve a couple of years ago and had probably the most fun ever on that usually disappointing night. I have been back many times and sidebar is always there waiting with a good time to be had.
4	I finally made it here after some comments by an industry worker. She told me they had absinthe, so I had to check it out. Mansinthe, Pernod and one fakey are served and made with a drip fountain. However I think they need a lesson and proper glassware. NO FIRE IS INVOLVED WITH ABSINTHE and one needs a straight stemmed glass. 3 parts water, 1 part absinthe with sugar cube, stir thoroughly to dissolve the sugar, then a little ice on top. Rocks glasses aren't the way to go, it splashes and it's just plain incorrect.        Anyway, loads of good points - decent beer selection for the freshman beer snob, and there are even some good surprises such as the Leffe and Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA. 22-ounce bombers of Arrogant Bastard and Rogue brown are also on offer. Way cool little place. Good liquor selection. Service is perfect, more attentive than my local! Maybe I should start going where I feel more like a VIP than a taken-for-granted shlub.       I was in this happy hour on Monday (free fajita bar, drink discounts!), and I don't think I want to come any time else - waiting ages for a drink and squeezing by throngs isn't my idea of fun. However I guess it should be easy squeezing by a bunch of skinny, assless fixie hipsters.      I spied a number of unique liquors, even CHARTREUSE VERTE! What a treat to sip and let explode in your mouth. Lots of unique drinks on the menu, recommended for quieter times.+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++I've been reading other reviews, and I saw some mentions about bad service. I'm disheartened by this but I've never been in when the gal was working.Try coming in at a different time, LIKE WHEN TONY IS WORKING SOLO. He's pure professional, and if you come in often enough he remembers your name. With me it was after twice. I strongly recommend Monday happy hour. FREE FAJITA BAR 5pm!Please trust me on this.
3	Perfect for a nightcap. Dim, moody lighting and totally intimate. Drinks are pretty pricy and didn't eat any food, but the service was great! I loved the 'feel' of the place so much I'd go back sometime.
5	Great cocktails, friendly staff and fun atmosphere. Don't come and expect to eat dinner, great as a pre dinner cocktail meet up or weekend night out. Love the couches that you can lounge on.
5	Love this bar! Great mix of people, good drinks and cool, relaxed atmosphere...what else can you ask for in a bar?
5	Now this is the kind of bar I have been looking for in Phoenix! I went here last night with the BF and some friends and it was just the nicest little place, especially after spending the night before on mill... ugh. The decor reminds me of what your super hip friend's basement might look like. It has funky furniture and this light display that you can see when you are coming up the stairs that changes colors from the middle out (I stared at that thing extensively after a few drinks, and it was mighty entertaining). The place has strange movies and shorts being shown on the tvs. We watched a short about a kid cutting open a rabbit and an idol came out that demanded to eat jam.... pretty cool stuff. The place has comfortable couches and I liked that it wasn't too loud to have a conversation nor was it too busy for me to get a drink fairly quickly and without being bumped around. Anyway, the bartender really knows what she is doing and the fact that so many of their ingredients for cocktails are made in house and fresh is a huge selling point for me. I tried four different specialty cocktails. First I had the pama mojito. This was by far the best drink of the night. The bartender uses fresh mint and fresh limes, beats them to a pulp, then adds in house made simple syrup and in house made sweet and sour and some pama liquor and it is wonderful. So easy to drink and refreshing. I don't even usually like mojitos that much, but this was great and I'm glad I gave it a try. I also tried my friend's drink which was the blueberry and jameson drink, with (of course) fresh blueberries. Also good, but I'm not a whiskey drinker generally. So then I had a sidebar collins, which is good and simple. Finally I had the butterscotch martini.... it is as good as it sounds. I will most definitely be back at this bar in the future, it is by far the best bar I have experienced in Arizona. PS after a few drinks, check out the bathrooms... they have crazy iridescent tiles that looks super cool and there is a neat looking sink too.
5	Not to be lame but this is a fun place to go, first time I went was on a First Friday. The place was packed, dj playing in a corner. It just reminds of a hipster bar in San Diego. The music is just right for me, the bartender women are hot : ) the women here are hot, but becareful of the damaged ones which will bring up a bar from 10 years ago lol
5	This place is exactly what it should be.  A great little watering hole (but NOT a dive in the least), it is small, dark (at night), and intimate.  They make some of the best cocktails I have ever tasted, all with fresh juices squeezed on the spot.  My favorites are the moscow mule, the margarita, and the cucamint martini.  My friends all live in this neighborhood and introduced me to it.  It feels like my neighborhood bar now as well.
2	This used to be our fall back bar, where we knew we could almost always get our drinks made correctly, and enjoy some friendly conversation with our preferred bartender.  Well, now that bartender is no longer here, and it's just not the same.  The remaining bartenders may or may not have good intentions, but are frankly just not as skilled, especially in regards to classic cocktails.  Additionally, one of them in particular is constantly  going outside or to the back office place instead of refilling water or checking to see if you would like another drink.  This has happened on such a consistent basis that it is worth mentioning (once or twice wouldn't be that big of a deal, but it appears to be a pathology).  Their mixed drinks menu is average, although the Retro Cooler and the White Rabbit are worth mentioning as standouts.  Both are tasty and guaranteed crowd-pleasers (unless the drinker in question prefers alcohol-forward drinks or classic, simple cocktails).  The beer selection is pretty standard/boring, although you should be able to find something you can stand.  There is nothing on tap, so don't ask.  The wine is nothing special, in my opinion, but I'm not a regular wine drinker.  The wine prices seem about a dollar too expensive for what seemed like very pedestrian selections, but, again, I'm hardly a wine expert.  To give you some frame of reference, I tend to prefer straight forward pinot noir, fruity malbecs, and very dry cabernets.The food is a waste of menu space.  Reheated store-bought artichoke dip or hummus.  I always found this to be particularly odd for a bar that loves to pimp the fact that it makes its own simple syrup and sour (seems like most new bars do this now anyways).  Just go downstairs and eat at Pei Wei, at least until someone opens a better place across the street in Tom Horne's old place.On a weird note, this bar is very quickly becoming a lesbian bar, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but definitely impacts the possibility of a random straight dude having anyone to talk to outside of their own party.  There used to be a very fun mixed crowd here at all times, but that seems to have given way in the past few weeks especially (except First Fridays, when everyone stops here on their way downtown, and then never returns until 1:30am).  It appeared to be becoming a gay bar for a little while there, but then all of a sudden a ton of lesbians started showing up (this may have something to do with the fact that 3 out of 4 of the current bartenders are lesbians).Like I said, we used to love this place, but it has definitely taken a turn for the worse.  Unless things change, I don't think we'll be back.  Sidenote:  The bar stools may seem comfortable at first, but just keep sitting there for a few minutes.  You'll hate your life.
5	I've only been here once; it was about a month ago for happy hour on a Friday night.  I also didn't pay for any drinks, so I can't tell you if there were happy hour specials/prices.  I know I know, I'm full of useful information here.  What I loved about this place is the modern furniture inside that is very open.  The layout sort of suggests parties intermingle, which is fun.  There was a nice mix for a crowd, I'd say upper 20's and up.  Half professionals, half lazy asses who don't work.  (Just joking, maybe they can dress casual for work, I don't know.)  I would love to go to Side Bar on Saturday night or stay past happy hour on Friday night to see if the atmosphere changes much.  I hope not.  Will definitely go back:)
3	I'm giving this place 3 stars based on atmosphere alone.Twice I have been here and twice I was disappointed.1st visit- Came in early, around 8:30 at night. It wasn't busy yet and the large-ish group of people I was with had no problems finding a comfortable place for us all to sit. Everyone took turns going up to the bar in pairs or threes and ordered their drinks. I was the last to order and I asked for a Midouri sour, The bartender (girl) took my order and instead of making my drink in front of me and handing it to me like she did everyone else, she told me to have a seat and she would bring it out to me. I thought that was really odd and didn't understand why she did that. UNTIL she came over 10 mins later without my drink and told me they couldn't make a Midouri sour. When I asked why not she told me she didn't know how to make it so she consulted some recipe book and the recipe called for melon liquor and she "didn't think they had melon liquor". I had to explain to her that Midouri was a brand of melon liquor and that it was just that and sour mix. Her response was simply this ".......ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"Okay. She went back to the bar and didn't return for another 10 mins. My friends had all had at least one drink in the 20 mins it took me to get my 1 drink. What's worse is when i finally got my drink, it was freaking disgusting. I took it back to her and asked her why it tasted funny and she said she added gin to it. WHAT? You don't put gin in a Midouri sour. Ugh. I didn't order anything else when I was there that night. I didn't even drink the ONE that I payed WAY to much for.2nd visit- Came in around 11pm with only two other people. The place was ridiculously packed, fine whatever. It was a saturday night I was expecting to wait a long time and even expecting to have to stand the whole night. When we finally got our drinks i noticed my glass was filthy and so my friend made the trek BACK through the line to ask for another one and the bartender apparently gave her attitude about it. The lack of seating and packed floor didn't bother us until we got that 'tude from the staff. We just decided it wasn't worth staying there and decided to leave.It has been quite a long time since my last visit to SideBar though. I'm hoping that they have either worked on their customer service or have just hired new staff. I'm reluctant to go back though because of my previous experiences here. I will say though that everyone else I was with did enjoy their drinks but for me it was a huge disappointment.
2	I came here when I was in town visiting my sister.  She recommended it because she said they played hip hop music.  Apparently it is not like that at all times.  When I went, I think they were playing techno.  It wasn't my scene.Yay:-A variety of drinks-Mixed crowd Nay:-Music: I guess it varies depending on the night you go.  I wasn't into the music when I went.-The crowd: Similar to the music, it also varies depending on the day you go.  When I went, I felt like the crowd was under the influence of things other than alcohol.  It was very crowded as well.  Hard to move around without bumping into someone.-White Rabbit:  this drink was interesting.  I thought it was going to taste like the white rabbit candy, but it tasted like coconut.  If you like coconut, this is the drink for you.I'm sure I went on a night that wasn't suitable for me.  I may or may not go back.
5	I'll give it 5 because I was actually impressed with their drinks. I've only been there once. It seemed cool, nice staff and an open seating with couches and tables mixed. I was impressed with the white rabbit, which is the first unique drink I've had from a bar that I actually liked enough to want to keep ordering. Very tasty. Someone complained about a midori (yes, no u in midori) sour...Cmon Anyone who goes to enough places knows that ordering from the menu will always get you the best food/drink because...THATS WHAT THEY MAKE ALL DAY. So they are good at it. It's a simple concept. Ask the chef  or waiter "what do you recommend" and usually you get something awesome. She might have been a novice bartender, but I'm sure she knows how to make their specialty drinks, which in my opinion, is why you'd even go there instead of another bar. Instead of being snobby about it, just explain to the bartender how to make it. I've ordered custom drinks before and told the bartender exactly what to do and they appreciate it, even though they might not ever make it again if I don't return. I'm not saying your sour was "custom" by any means or difficult to make, but it's just a thought.
4	Very lively place with great drinks and a hipster crowd. It probably appeals more to the straight community, but there are plenty of gay men who feel comfortable here.
5	After a 4 week binge on the widely popular Madman show, the netflixs marathon has constituted to the new personal development of me becoming a full fledge Maddict. The cool dapper moves of the complicated Don Draper and his thirsty habits for the alcohol has finally bested me and convinced me that drinking is very much....cool and imbibes machismo.  The SideBar is to drinking as Don Draper is to cool The reason be for my recent visit to the Sidebar was the meeting of a very dear family member and his friend. They asked me where can we meet for drinks?! Such a loaded question, so much pressure to produce a bar venue for entertainment, luckily I know a few places but I am fairly new to the phx bar scene. Of course, I recourse to the Yelp resource for the best drink source....Sidebar was trending on Yelp, it was hot. I tend to stay away from the hype but I wanted to impress the Gibertarians on the visit to phx down.  This was a good decision. I was not let downSuch a great location, such a great environment for the meeting of new people and old friends to fall under the spirit of cool and debonair, it is a great easy space for the meandering stories of yester years. I would recommend this foodless bar for its zeal and its laidback feeling. It is a "hey lets go out for a quick drink." None of the fanfare or grand standing of sports or modern tact, its straight forward authentic to the spirits and liquor. An after-work drinks to let the day marinate because no matter what, you never feel late.  If Sidebar called and asked me back...I would crawl back happy for a second chance.OK.  It is a stay thirsty my friend's upstairs man cave for when men use to be men sentiment. Go nuts, show up and pretend to act grown up. And when the night comes to an end you will be happy you visited...so stop checking your email, and your Facebook notifications...sit back and taste the side bar air. You found a bar in hopeless place.
4	Love the whiskeyberry sour! Delish!!! The absinth drippers are pretty cool and add to the awesome atmosphere. A little pricey and gets packed at night but is such a cool ending to a date night starting with dinner at Pei Wei in the same building below the bar.
2	It really saddens me to give this place two stars. I really love this place and it's a nice cozy upscale joint with a scenester vibe. However I went with some friends not too long ago on a Wednesday and was really put off by the bartender. The place was pretty full and there was no one to help her but she barely acknowledged us and it was another ten minutes before we were served. And when we were, she couldn't have been less friendly when asking us for identification. Needless to say we left after the one drink.I felt particularly foolish because I told my friends how awesome this place was and I had finally convinced them to check this place out with me. They are in the service industry and our experience there was everything industry people are trained to avoid. I will probably swing by once more but this experience really made me angry particularly because my friends had a bad experience based on my recommendation.
5	Miss this place and the great drinks. Love the hip hop here.
5	AWESOME bar on sundays .they have the best house music in town that day.
4	Welcoming clientele on a Sunday, good dancing.  ^_^
4	Great cocktails and a laid back lounge vibe.  The music can vary from downtempo, trip-hop, and synth-pop to indie rock to hip-hop.  Did I mention they have absinthe verte on tap?  This place is always interesting.
5	I'm not much for going out. But I LOVE SideBar. And I always have to ask myself why.It's overpriced, the food is meh, BUT...The bizarro movies on the screens ROCK! I'm either trying to figure out what's going on or what the name is so I can watch it later.And most important, the men who go there are GORGEOUS in both personality and physical appearance. I'm quite shy but somehow I end up chatting with someone for a couple of hours when I'm there. That's without the alleged benefit of Dutch courage.Easily a place to go where I can grab a nice drink by myself and either not be bothered or be bothered... depending on my mood.
3	Love the lights in the place, the seating is good too, not sure though about the freaky stuff they always have on TVs. The place is pricey for sure, but had their 2 most recommended drinks - White Rabbit Martini and Whiskeyberry sour. You havta try those too, they are goood :) but the batenders are ok, the restrooms are ok too. The entrance (side) is dingy though.
3	I've been here a couple times and have definitely found it to be a fun place to hang out and have a few drinks.
5	great place!!  I love coming here, its such a blend of different people and they have a large signature drink list. The art on the wall is local and always changing!! Try it out!
5	The Whiskeyberry drink is my favorite! Muddled blueberries, homemade sweet & sour, and whiskey....AWESOME! The couches make it a lounge-y atmosphere, the bartenders are pleasant and the music and artwork on the walls are definitely conversation starters. Two thumbs way up!
5	I have to apologize to all of my Tempe bars. I... may have to cheat on you a bit. I think I've fallen for SideBar. The crazy part is, I wasn't even drinking the night I went in here! Yeah I know. Me, not drinking. Weird right?Perhaps it was partially the mix of non-drinking and a shelf full of great Scotch which I can't wait to tour. Or the couches that were comfy enough I may as well have been drunk. Maybe the great selection of craft beers they had stowed behind the bar. What finally won me over, however, was when I saw Metropolis come up on the TVs! At that moment, I knew it was true love. And yes, I do mean the 1927 silent movie. Don't judge.But the next time I am there it will be love mixed with a healthy dose of Scotch. Oh yes, Scotch... mmmmm.
2	The best thing about this "bar" was the band and the chick bartenders that were nice and made a great cosmo. The worst thing was the actual bar itself. It's so small, and there's not much seating. I guess it's a cool idea. Upstairs, dark, small. Lol, but I thought the bouncer or whatever he was-door guy seemed like he didn't want to be there. Maybe cuz he was stuck outside on the stairs all night. The people there were mostly rude. We did manage to kind of create a dance floor where there wasn't one and then it got fun. But again, not a lot of room to dance. We went on a Sunday night. So perhaps a Friday or Saturday would have a different vibe and crowd. Overall kind of fun for a casual drink or maybe a good place to have a couple drinks before you go out somewhere else. ; )
5	I have been a long time Sidebar fan, and I am excited that my first Yelp review is about them. Before and after Suns games this is my place to bring clients and when our friends want to get together this always tops the list. Most nights they have local DJ's and the Art changes on a regular basis.
5	I had a CD listening party at SideBar and could not say enough about the owner, Josh Parry. His hospitality and accomodation was impeccable, he really went above and beyond to ensure my comfort and satisfaction all with a smile. Awesome service, great drink specials, fantastic happy hour, all in a intimate atmosphere with a great "vybe" and positive energy. I will definately be back! ~Wisdom
5	Oh...my...lanta! I can't believe I haven't visited this little gem sooner! It's nestled atop a Pei Wei and Starbucks so I wasn't sure what to expect.  But from the moment I walked up the dimly light stairway and into the bar, I knew it was going to be a great night.  So first off, they open at 4 and happy hour is until 7pm.  (20% off everything on Sundays!!). They have a huge selection of different booze and brews and their specialty cocktails are definitely something that sets them apart from other bars.  I loves me some Moscow Mule, so when I saw that they had one on the menu (in a real copper mug!!) I ordered one immediately.  It was so tastilicious that I had to order a second.  For my next drink, I tried the Retro Cooler, which in my opinion, is as cool as it gets...think Matthew McConaughey in Dazed and Confused.  It's a mix of St. Germaine (Elderflower liquer) with Champagne and a lemon twist.  It went down the ole' hatch super easy, though, so be careful!  The second time I enjoyed this bar I ordered the White Rabbit (no...it's not vegan and they don't have a milk substitute...I cheated!)  It has Godiva White Chocolate liquer, horchata, stoli vanilla and some other yumness.  This one tasted like candy and I drank it in about five seconds.  Anyway, besides the drinks, they also have a few light snacks like hummus, artichoke dip, etc.  The vibe in this place is super chill and I really dig the way the bar is set up; the backdrop has big circle cutouts with yellow lights behind. There are comfy couches and high top tables and of course seats at the bar.  I almost felt like I was going to see Shane and Alice from the L Word walk in.  On our last visit, it was pretty busy as it was a holiday weekend and there was a dj.  The people of SideBar definitely know what they're doing and I will certainly be back!
4	This was a neat find - it is right off the I-10 and is literally a side-bar to a building that contains PeiWei which is directly under SideBar.We arrived on a Fri evening and there was good music, fairly loud for a place described as a 'lounge'.  The music was appropriate for the dark, almost club-like setting with lounge seats and a colorful bar backdrop... it was just loud.  Also, the loudness of the music was not what we were looking for.The bartenders seemed busy but we got great service.  The gal, after I asked if she could make a grapefruit martini, delivered what had to be the *best* grapefruit martinin I've ever tasted.  I could immediately tell that they fresh-squeeze their fruit juices as mine had bits of grapefruit pulp which I REALLY LOVED... it was a bit on the sweeter side, but it was flavorful and strong.The crowd was typical downtown phx trendy..  I'm a fan of their drinks (well, the one that I tried).. and I'd be open to coming back again for any other situation now that I know what to expect.
4	One of my favorite, relaxed and trendy cocktail bars in PHX.  You must get the White Rabbit Cocktail, it's amazing.  There is some good people watching, and it's great for conversation with friends.  It's a small bar, so don't expect to find someplace to sit, even though there is plenty of seating, it's always a comfortable level of full.  :)
5	Damnit. I just got a raise but still can only afford to go to Sidebar on my birthday.  I love Sidebar.  Its urban, hep, chic, trendy, crazy, sexy, cool.  But its also very intimate and laid back.  It feels like you are in some posh city outside of Phoenix.  They have a fabulous cocktail menu, with my favorite being the White Rabbit - an adult horchata.  They also have delicious drinks with lemonade, root beer and other perfectly sweet ingredients.The cocktails run around $8 - $12 each, with no significant happy hour prices. Of course they also have beer. But that's boring.
5	H. L. Mencken once said, "The martini: the only American invention as perfect as the sonnet."Sidebar does this quote justice.Quite possibly THE best Martini I've ever had. These guys (well, "ladies" to be proper. The blonde behind the bar is one of the best bartender's I've encountered) are amazing. They have a devilishly interesting cocktail menu which even enticed a gentleman like myself who usually drinks something straight to step outside of his box. Definitely try the Gin Blossom and the Whiskeyberry Sour. They're creative and delicious. If you've never had a Moscow Mule, please, do yourself a favor and get one here. It's too good to pass up (but just make sure to return the copper mug they serve it in!)Maybe it's just me, but I was also impressed/very happy they had spearmint mints in the bathroom. It's the little things, I suppose...
5	I was in phoenix on business for the first time Ventured in there by accident. An upstairs bar reminded me of my favorite college hangout so I gave it.a try. What I found was hardly a college dive. Very "groovey vibe". Great drink selection. Good demographic mix in customers gave it a relaxing, welcoming feel. Really liked the music, which wasn't too loud. Sports on the TV behind the bar, which didn't I didn't expect with the look of the place, but I appreciated. Staff, was outstanding. Just a great place to relax and unwind after a busy day. The Side Bar is now marked as "my Phoenix bar" and I stop in on every subsequent return.
4	Great place to hang out. One of my fav bars in downtown phoenix. great decor, great music and great drinks!
4	Whoa! No one told me this was a GAY bar! Security put on a grumpy face: "No, this is NOT--we're just in downtown Phoenix"You lie. It's a Sunday night and there's a DJ playing house mixes of 80's pop, mostly Bee Gees. The interior design is perfect. TOO perfect. Many of the guys here, upon a second glance, are not actually guys.There were some chairs and couches surrounding the stylish dance floor, but instead we went straight for the bar, and ordered those fancy white rabbit martinis. I'm slightly impressed with the taste, but more impressed by the sheer speed and precision of the bartenders. They are definitely up there among the best I've encountered. There is an extensive menu of local brews, if you fancy Arizonan beer.If you need to step out for some fresh air, there's a simple staircase out back, where you can admire the exposed brick on your way down to a very minimalist 'patio'. I must say, the staff AND patrons here were insanely nice. Like...too-nice-to-be-Phoenix nice. Sidebar wasn't exactly my preferred nightlife demographic, but if my friends bring me back I'll have no complaints.
4	Classy place. Serves drinks you won't find in other places.
4	Hipster alert!I'm not hating. I'm just jealous.All joking aside, Sidebar has a chill, dark, modern meets throwback atmosphere. Their drinks are pricey but delicious. I believe the price is fair because the ingredients are high quality and the strength is quite potent. If you want to have a truly good cocktail and some good conversation this is the bar for you. If you just want to get hammered, watch a game, eat greasy yucky food, and crank up the jukebox, (which there is always a time for) there are plenty of those bars within a few miles. There are very few bars where I can see myself reading a book in a corner by myself... Sidebar is one of them.
4	I really enjoyed this gem the one time myself and the man ventured here with friends. The parking is a little bit of a nightmare due to limited parking lots surrounded by a few establishments. We had to get tricksy and find a place to park on a side street and walk over. Not so bad though! The interior is modern, comfortable and fun. The chairs were big enough for me to sit indian style while I sipped on my White Rabbit (DELICIOUS) which means I was one happy woman. I only had one beverage while we were there but as you can see, I loved it.Happy Hour is the way to go with this place. I didn't pay attention to prices and my man was sweet enough to buy but from what I understand, the drinks can get pricey. They have a few appetizers you can order as well. I wouldn't mind making another trip here again to try a different drink.
5	I LOVE SideBar. It's sleek, modern, and gives you the feeling you're looking out the window and into another city. I have been several times and am never disappointed. They have a wonderful list of cocktails (my favorite being the Lynwood Palmer) and beers as well as a phenomenal full bar stocked with quality alcohol. The bathrooms are clean (and they supply mints) and the bartenders are friendly and on top of their game even at their busiest hours.
4	Very fun, very friendly, and pretty tasty drinks. A little dark (lighting, I mean) and a little loud as far as the music goes, but it's all part of the fun :)
3	I like the idea of Sidebar, but I don't really love the place. The drinks are decent, so I would go there for that- though I just have never found it to be very fun. Once I went in and had an amazing bartender from Sanfrancisco- I really enjoyed that visit, but then the next time I had this bartender guy and he was really uptight and condescending whenever anyone asked him a question. It really bugged me, and it made it a less fun experience. I have never gone back.
5	Eclectic crowded, great drinks. Check out the Whiskeyberry Sour. Scotch and blueberries. Sounds weird, but turns out to taste pretty good. Is sweet though.
4	I love this place. Not only because it's so close to the casa, but it is just fun and hip, in a good way. The boyfriend likes to come here too so that's a plus. It is in an old old building, on the second floor, no elevator, stairs only, so get your workout on. Great music always playing, fun old movies on the tvs, perfect lighting. The bathrooms are very nice too. Single stalls, nicely decorated and clean, with mints too. They drink menu is awesome, however I am having a hard time getting past the Moscow Mule, sooo yummy! If you haven't had one before you must get one! It is served in a real copper mug, so they require a credit card to hold on to until you return you empty cup. Which shouldn't be long, as you will drink is so fast and request another! They have tons of beer and liquor to choose from. No draft beer though, no space and like I said before, no elevator, who in their right mind is going to carry a keg up those steps? No one! But the bottle beers are great! They even have some of my faves! Go check them out!
5	Great bar. My girlfriend and I like to stop here a couple times a month when we want to try something different! The atmosphere inside the bar is very swanky and intimate. The main reason we stop in is for the beer selection. They have many beers and house drinks you just can't get anywhere else. I highly recommend you check this place out!
4	I moved from Seattle a year ago and have been doing the Scottsdale/Tempe bar and club scene and have been wanting to change it up. A friend of mine took me to side bar and I was pleasantly surprised. Great drinks, good atmosphere, music was good but not too loud that I couldn't talk to my friends. Nice chill ,laidback spot. I would definitely come back.It reminded me of some little bars I'd find on Capitol Hill in Seattle if that means anything to anybody reading this.
4	Great atmosphere and decent prices during Happy Hour... I just wish there were some additional options for snacking since all that drinking can make you hungry!
5	One of my favorite spots downtown. What to drink, you ask? I exclusively only drink the whiskey berry sours there.. it's hands down one of my favorite cocktails.Great vibe/music/seating/lighting. There's not much I don't like..heck if they served food I'd venture on downtown far more often! Monday night is free Mexican food! And it's good! Can't beat that. :D
4	One of my favorite spots in Phoenix! Love the hipster crowd, the drinks are fantastic but a bit pricey (my favorite is the pomegranate ginger martini DELISH!) and the bartenders are really friendly. Whenever I have friends visiting from out of town, SideBar is on the list of places to hang out.
4	We only stopped here for a drink on my friends birthday, but I liked what I saw. It's very speakeasy-esque. Loved the decor, the ambiance, and especially, the butterscotch martini I had (its like heaven in your mouth).Cant wait to go back.
5	I love SideBar. Yeah the drinks are expensive, but I think you get what you pay for, a decent high end bar in downtown phoenix. Get the Whiskey Sour, fantastic!
4	Cozy, small place, but just the thing if you want to hob nob with the trendy people of downtown Phx.  Frequented by politicos, trend-setters, and the nouveau riche.  Wonderful drinks and for the designated drivers, some decent snacks to keep your belly occupied too.
5	I was a little skeptical of a bar that was on the 2nd floor above a Starbucks to be honest. I read a couple reviews on here and thought I would give it a shot when I was on my way home early from work. To my surprise this place was amazing, don't let the location fool you. The layout and feeling of the bar makes it seem like it doesn't belong in AZ. Almost like you were instantly transported to LA or NYC. I've been back a couple of times to this place and the bartenders have been great every time and definitely know what they are doing. When you order a drink, you are getting a cocktail, not a liquor and random mixer splashed together in a cup. They have specialty drinks and if you're going to order something fancy, you better know what you are want. Had my first Manhattan here (cause I was feeling fancy) and they had no problem making it, from memory. I don't know of any other bar would be able to say the same. Because of the drinks (turns out Manhattans are mostly booze... and delicious) I don't really remember the type of music they were playing. I do remember that we didn't have to yell over it to talk so that's a plus.
4	Sidebar is a great little bar tucked away on the 2nd floor of the pei wei building at the corner of 7th ave and McDowell. The drinks are generally good especially when made by the owner. I really like the "Mexican" Mondays when they offer free food and discount margaritas. The only problem and sole reason for the 4 star over 5 star review is the parking is terrible, but what can you expect for a place that is basically downtown.
5	I always love coming here. They have a fantastic cocktail list, skilled and friendly bartenders, and a cozy atmosphere. I also usually like the music (it varies but I often here Yeah Yeah Yeahs, Spoon, Wilco, etc.). When it gets very crowded (late on a Friday/Saturday), there isn't much standing room, so I prefer coming other days of the week. One of my favorite bars in town!
4	I'd have to say the only thing I don't like about Side Bar is how busy it gets. This place is awesome though. The bar tenders definitely know what they're doing and know how to treat you right. All of the drinks are made perfectly and they definitely have a uniqu selection, giving the quality of product and excellent score. Unlike most bars these days the staff actually pays attention to you and makes sure you have what you need. They are all very friendly and I have a great time talking to them. The service is above average. The prices are quite a bit more than other places but the quality is much better. You can expet to spend about $6-$9 on a cocktail here. The value is average. Over all the environment and quality of service are what keep me coming back. Head on upstairs to this place and check it out. It's worth a visit.
5	Why can't there be more places like this in Phoenix?  I have been here quite a few times now and it never fails.  The vibe of the place is so chill and perfect, its not over-crowded, and the drinks rock (cheers to the Moscow Mule.)   Last night the 2 female bartenders worked their asses off and kept up with our little party and the rest of the place and made it look easy.  Well done.  This should be a Phoenix staple.
2	I'm not a crazy big fan of mixologist cocktail bars, but SideBar skips the razzle dazzle and just pours classy drinks, even if they have a few more posh ingredients than your average bar. Just don't plan on getting drunk here without a credit card.I attended for Retro Hi-Fi, which didn't strike me as terribly retro and had a lot fewer dancers than I expected.
3	This place is a fun spot to be seen, but if you're looking for cheap happy hour drinks you should go elsewhere.  They offer a full bar so if you don't want to pay $10 for one of their specialty drinks you can order a gin and tonic or rum and coke.  The atmosphere is fun but a little too hipster for my taste. I've only been here once so that should tell you something.  I'm not opposed to going back if someone in my group suggested it, but I wouldn't be the one to suggest it.
5	Awesome local bar. Worth a visit. Try the moscow mule.
4	Nice place!  Really good drinks.  Love the art work... they may get me to buy something sometime!  It is just a nice place to come and drink and listen to music.  It has a really good vibe.  Great place to come if you just want to get out of the dance club bars and have a good drink with friends!
4	Great atmosphere.
4	Great little bar.  Local patrons and cool vibe.  Don't expect a party, but they mix great drinks, play chill music, have a rotating collection of artwork, and it's a cool and friendly crowd.
4	This place is pretty darn impressive. I went here on a date and was happy to find that the atmosphere encouraged getting close to a person and being cozy. I was impressed with the movies that they were playing on the TVs. You know a place is good when they're playing The Princess Bride and The Fifth Element. As for the price, the drinks were pretty expensive. I'm a beer drinker and I was very happy that my date was paying. There is no way that I would be able to afford multiple drinks at this place.
5	Love the side bar! Nice place to relax and chill with good drinks and good music! Great personable bartenders that build connection from the time you order your drink.
5	Let me say this, it shouldn't be that hard to mix a drink. Don't get me wrong, I don't go to old town on a Saturday night and expect them to make me a manhattan, but I do expect a lounge type bar to be able to execute anything on it's drink menu. Sidebar completely succeeds there. And with a hip decor, friendly barkeeps, and ample seating Sidebar earns a five star rating (because, though the prices may seem high, you're actually getting that exemplary drink -- take note Applebees/airport bars).
5	I love the SideBar. Not popular enough yet to get too crazy. You definitely want to avoid the crowd by coming on Tuesday or Thursday night...That type of place!The bartenders are very knowledgeable and totally helpful in recommending cocktails if your feeling laid back and not wanting to pick. Everyone I've met here is cool as hell and supa friendly. I love places that amazing people and this place accomplishes that to a T.The couches and hang out areas are comfy, but sitting at the bar and chatting the bartender or my neighbor up is my favorite.
4	I can't really improve on Tyler J's review so just read that. http://www.yelp.com/biz/sidebar-phoenix-2#hrid:fBvawKjhz5UPsihYdGnMUAThis place really does seem like you're (back) in LA or NYC
4	This place has been on my Bookmark list FORVER. Well, a least a year when I moved to Phoenix. The dim lights reminded me of a favorite lounge/bar in Kansas City that I loved. I finally was able to go here last night with my fiance and another couple and had a great time. We found a parking spot really easy on the west side, same parking lot at Starbucks and Pei Wei. The front door is actually on the 7th street side so I was a bit bummed I didn't get to go up that fire escape staircase. It reminded me of something out of a big city but the wooden stairs inside, up to the bar did the trick.When we got upstairs about 9:30 on a Friday night, there weren't too many people there but it wasn't dead either. We didn't notice any waitresses or any other staff, just two bartenders. Both saw us walk in, neither of them greeted us. We tried taking a seat at the hightop near the bar. The seats were a bit uncomfy so we opted to move toward the front in the lower white chairs around a small table. Much better. We sent one person up to grab menu's since none were on the table. We all ordered something different, I personally had to try the White Rabbit after the rave reviews and it definitely was yummy. Really yummy! Everyone enjoyed their drinks. And on top of that, I thought the prices were super reasonable for a place like this. I think mine was $8 and they all stayed about that price range. We ordered two different rounds, each time having to make it up to the bar to order. Neither bartender smiled but did ask us about our evening so maybe they were just a bit grumpy? I guess maybe not everyone is a 'smiler' but it would have gone a long way. Service was fast and accurate. The drink pours are pretty strong so I felt a little uneasy about balancing our two drinks back to the table for the second round. Are there typically no waitresses here? I'd gladly tip one generously to not have to make that trip every time I want a drink and have to leave my peeps and our conversation. It was a bit warm and the faux leather chairs were pretty hot but the rest of the place was as great as advertised. Fantastic music, great art, great lighting and a great vibe overall. The place wasn't overly loud so you could actually talk to your friends without screaming, which is a rarity in a bar. I did make a visit to the restroom and its a great bathroom! Clean, modern, big and they even had nice toilet paper! How often do you see that at a bar??!? Happy camper here! Just before leaving at 11:30, one of the bartenders came over to clear our table of empty glasses. Looking around, I noticed everyone tables were jam packed with empties. They could definitely use a person to bus the tables. Overall I really liked this place. I could LOVE it if it was a tiny bit cooler and they hired a waitress to bring over our drinks and a busboy to keep things looking their best.
4	It's a good happy hour after a long day at work to wait out the traffic mess. The bartenders are very friendly and the cocktails are delicious. Great selection of beer too. But my favorite thing about it is the old movies that play (with no sound) in the background. Nothing like watching a really bad japanese monster film and while enjoying a good drink.Parking can be a mess depending on when you go. You can go in on 7th avenue side or up the fire escape staircase to get in. Either way, it's a cool bar with a good vibe.
4	The place is upstairs and is sort of hidden away.  It has a cool decor and vibe.  The artwork is changed out every month.  The staff was nice and the music they were playing was great.
2	Maybe I caught this place on a bad night, but I really didn't care for SideBar. First off, it smelled like someone had just gotten sick. If you're gna have a small establishment, at least make way for some ventilation. Second, there was only one bartender/waitress for the entire place. We got zero service. With only 6 people in the bar it still took 15 minutes to get a beer. SideBar is a small, trendy place with a bunch of cool art on the walls, but its decor doesn't make up for its faults. It has so much potential, if only they could get another waitress and some air in there.Overall, I would not recommend SideBar...unless you need a real drink after hitting up the Pei Wei downstairs.
4	Sidebar has great drinks and I love the dim lighting. My fiends and I usually sit at the tables near the bar but they have cute little couches on the east side. Their bartenders are super nice and try to get to everyone as soon as possible. :) It's not a hole in the wall but it's definitely a packed place where you can't hear anyone/anythingTheir music playlist is always on point!
4	I enjoyed the vibe of this place when I went around 9pm on a Friday night. Dark and loungy with comfortable seating.  Music is at a level that encourages you to get close to your dates but not loud enough that you have to shout. I don't like waiting very long at a bar to get a drink, and I can see myself getting annoyed here if it were more busy.  Despite that, Sidebar is just a cool place to hang out for a bit.
4	Loved it! Great interior and decor, reasonably priced drinks, nice cocktails, and good music. The seating is comfortable - just a great place to relax and hang out. I am looking forward to going back.
4	Went here on a date with this guy I met. It's one of those trendy places where you have to go upstairs, and the bar stools are cool, sleek, and amazingly uncomfortable. In an alternate reality, a backless, plastic, lemon wedge stool with a tiny footrest feels amazing. Back on planet earth, I've sat on hemorrhoidal suppositories that were more comfortable. Apart from this, it was very nice, and the noise level is low so you can actually converse. My date's tab was listed under his last name; mine was under "GAY2." More brutal than being generically labeled is being "number 2". I'm "GAY1" or "HOMONUMEROUNO" or "DRDICKENHEIMER1." No one puts baby in the corner. The drinks were good, and bartender poured heavy, like a Russian cleaning woman who just got off her shift at Macy's. Just the way I'd like it. After you drink for a while, you forget the stools and the lower half of your body, in general. In all, it was part of a magical evening. I'll definitely be back.
4	This is a fun place.  But watch out for patrons who are way too cool for school. It ebbs and flows with the crowd.
5	I love this place, an awesome neighborhood bar and one of the only places in town that make a great Moscow Mule! Very social and a great place to hang out with friends.
4	Loved the "vibe" of this place. I was in Phoenix visiting, and this place had good reviews, and it didn't disappoint! The Moscow mules were excellent and the atmosphere was very New York, without the pretentious crowd. I would definitely go back wham I'm in town again
5	Love this place! Never would have guessed it was as nice on the inside as it is! Awesome drinks. Fantastic bartenders. Really great crowd of people. Definitely a place to check out!
4	I really liked this place.  It is a great place to meet someone for a drink. Here are the pros and cons for me:Pros:+decent parking lot+cool, clean, and modern look+lights were dim (I'm not big into bright bars)+variety of options for seating+cocktails taste great+the noise level isn't too high+great place to go during the week or before 10 on Friday and Saturday nightsCons:-I was served a beer in a frozen glass instead of a glass at room temperature-the chairs at the bar were uncomfortable-the bar isn't very big-the beers are overpriced-can get crowded after 10 on Friday and Saturday nights
4	Great (but small) place. Nice atmosphere and have come here for going away parties but rarely I'll admit on my own doing (because I don't live very close mostly). Wish they offered a better array of appetizers or finger foods but hard not like to the place.
5	Love this hidden little local bar.  Really great selection of beers and specialty cocktails.  Interesting mix of sophisticated clientele.  If you're looking to get a little dressed up to go out, you won't feel out of place here at all.  They play funky old scifi movies on the TVs and feature some cool work by local artists.  They make a very tasty Moscow Mule.  Or, if you're feeling crazy, they serve Absinthe with fire.
5	Besides the great drinks, Saffron JAK pizza is now being served at Sidebar. The super greeky pizza is AMAZING!
3	Sidebar is a cool spot to have drinks and to people watch. I love the ambiance, and the drinks are pretty strong. This spot reminds me of bars in DC (Adams Morgan)...I like the chill music and the hipster crowd that it attracts....Sidebar is the spot to be!!
2	Just got home from a friend's bday party at Sidebar, and my ears are ringing and my throat hurts from having to shout in order to talk with my friends. The music was ridiculously loud. I would go back in the future if I knew I'd be able to hear my friends talk...but I probably won't got back. No beer on tap--all bottles--and the margarita was way too sweet/sour. Bummer!
5	Thank god phoenix! Finally there is a bar that is friendly with out fake pretensions, exceptional craft drinks, beers and it has character. This place feels like home
4	I come here about once a month, I usually get the Moscow Mule and relax with a friend, it's fun when they've got a dj. The bartenders are very friendly and talented.
1	Very cool atmosphere... that's where the compliments stop though.  A group of us went here during a pub crawl and we literally saw the bar tender once in the hour we were there.  It took us 35 minutes to get our first drink.  It was so bad that a member of our group went across the street to Circle K and bought a case of beer that the group drank on the bus while we were waiting to leave.  Will not go back here again.
4	Love this hidden gem!! Sunday nights are the best with the DJ spinning old school hip hop. I can never decide on the white rabbit or butterscotch martini so I usually go for both. Nice mixed eclectic crowd. Very small food menu but the Greek pizza is better than your average drunk pizza.
4	This is a chic and sleek place to grab a cocktail after work. In my experience it's pretty dead on the weekend, which isn't necessarily a bad thing because the bar is so small I don't think it could fit more than 25 people comfortably.The small parking lot shared with Starbucks and Pei Wei sucks, it's so tight to maneuver your car in there.  Luckily I live within walking distance so I can avoid that nightmare.
3	Love this spot despite it's mediocre service!This small loft style lounge is a great stop for a drunk or two.  I would include sidebar in a pub crawl but would never host a party there, ya know?There must be some drama for your mama behind the scenes at sidebar.  These coworkers are not feeling the love!  Pretty sure this place gets cooler depending on who is working.Great cocktail list- the cen pho (like central phoenix) is yummy as well as the gin blossom and white rabbit. They have absinthe here too which is cool to see it prepared- this long process including fire.
5	Very cool little place. It is very trendy, but it still fits right in at it's 7th and McDowell location. It can get pretty crazy late at night, but it is relaxed during happy hour or in the early evening hours. We like to go and chill for a drink or two. They share a parking lot with Starbucks and Pei Wei which can get a little hairy at times, but it isn't awful. Plus they have a great bar selection from some pretty incredible mixed drinks, to a great wine and beer selection.  We highly recommend.
5	Been there many times, though not a regular, but after being served by Eve I think I'll make it a regular stop. The drinks are great, the music stellar and while other bartenders are great Eve secured my regular attendance!
1	My name is Jack M.  I live in the neighborhood, own my own home in Encanto, that I have remodeled extensive.  I am a 55 year old single man, work in IT for a large employer here in Phoenix.  Me and 3 other middle age friends decided to go here for a nightcap on Mar 7 around 9PM, give or take.  The 4 of us had dinner at Switch on central (fabulous), and had walked around First Friday Art walk downtown.  We were not drunk, had one glass of wine with dinner, and nothing at art walk.  Two of us went up to the bar, all we wanted was one glass of wine (chard) each.  Well the moron spike hair bartender, for whatever reason, absolutly REFUSED to wait on us, for the life of me I just can't imagine.  Two of us stood there for at least 10 mins, and watch him wait on other customers that walked up to the bar after us.  My female friend was literally holding her credit card in her hand.  We could NOT get his attention, and I just never experienced any attitude like this in my life.  I do plan on even taking the time to write whatever management may exist at the place.  But warning to you, if you are over 50, have a couple gay friends in tow, AVOID AT ALL COST!!!!  Jack M
5	Went here last night...trendy upscale loft lounge/bar feel. Craig was a great bartender..had the house margarita and some cocktail with ginger beer..I forget the name but it was really good. No complaints, I'll be back!
4	Excellent decor and atmosphere.  Very chic ... or hipster ... or whatever the cool crowd calls it these days.Excellent 'White Rabbit Martini' -- it's my wife's new favorite drink ... and she had two.I tried the Gin Blossom and the Cucumint martinis.  The first was good -- the second was amazing.It is very intimate and cozy.  I've been told that the DJ's are excellent on Fri-Sun nights.The only real drawback is that this place is a 'lounge', i.e. they don't have a kitchen.  They serve a few food items, but these are just things they warm up.  Their mini pizzas are tasty snacks.
5	I love this little place, good drinks, decent happy hour and they always play weird old movies. Bartenders are all pretty cool too
3	Went here on a Friday night with a few friends. I really liked the ambience. Pretty trendy decor and they played good music. The place was empty when we got there around 11pm but more people started to pour in around 12am. The crowd here is interestin as well... There's people that came in as super casual and others that were dressed up. I really liked the atmosphere, it was super chill. Love the low lighting and the decor of the place. Drink weren't too bad for price, about $7-9 dollar cocktails.. Had the margarita it was pretty good mine was made well but my friend's drink was really strong hmmm...tried a minty drink... Like a mojito type... I think it was called pretty plastered [not sure] And omg! Best Amaretto Sour I've ever had! Def going back just for that lol!Also love the seats! Super comfy couch area and the white lounge chairs are awesome!3.5!!!
5	I love this spot! Perfect for date night or just hanging out with friends. Their specialty cocktails are so yummy. I love the lighting in this place, the decor, and did I mention the drinks? Best Moscow mule in town.
5	Recent AZ transplant, so I dont know many people. A great casual hang out. JOY hands down is one of the best, fun, and most personable bartenders ive encountered,  which as a service industry vet, I dont hand out that kinda praise lightly. ..
5	First time going to the SideBar was great! Tasty drinks and trendy decor. Find me there EVERY sunday, 20% entire menu. Bartenders are AWESOME!
5	This bar/lounge is great! I held my graduation party here and the staff was more than welcoming. They went above and beyond and made graduation signs to reserve a couple of tables for me. I've never had this type of experience with other bars. The bartenders are very friendly and always make sure that you're having a good time. They play great music and have amazing drinks. And you have a great upstairs view. I will definitely be going back!
4	Perfect place for a night cap! Just an FYI they do not have a full menu so load up on food else where and finish your night here!
4	(Lyrics - Far East Movement - Like A G6)Popping bottles P-H-X, in the desertWhen we drink we go Bo Bites gettin slizzardSippin sizzurp in the Side, on 7th Ave.Now I'm feeling so fly like the SideBarLike the SideBar, Like the SideBarNow I'm feeling so fly like the SideBarLike the SideBar, Likethe SideBarNow I'm feeling so fly like the SideBarSideBar is an awesome hidden lounge right up stairs from the Pei Wei.  Might as well stop by for some eats before you make your way up.  There's something about a bar up the stairs that make it worth while.  I guess it's that allure of what's hidden?  Then again the way down might suck.  Needless to say, SideBar is a very chill place for a nice drink with a date or friends.  Live DJ during the weekends and local artist paintings decorated throughout the bar.  Nice comfortable couches on one side while high top tables and the full bar on the other.  Cool drink menu and a diverse crowd from all ranges of life and ages. - Enjoy!
4	They have the BEST Moscow mules. The atmosphere is relaxed and chill with couch-like seating. Can get pretty crowded but I love the vibe!
5	Fun bar. Reminds me of LA bars Without the countless bastards crowding the bar. Great bartenders too.
3	Great selection of beers and fantastic cocktails! This place has a hip atmosphere in a great lounge style. Worth a stop for some drinks and socializing.
5	SideBar is the shizz.  I love the ambience, the bartenders are great, and the beer selection is not huge, but quality (although not on tap, so if you don't like bottles, don't come here).  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  It's the perfect small, mod bar.  I can show up in jeans and a tank top, or sequin covered minidress and feel equally comfortable.  I love their Gin Blossom, and Craig is pretty to look at and fun to talk to.  Never had a SideBar night end poorly.
4	This is a cocktail bar, there are no beers on tap. However, the best thing about SideBar are the cocktails, don't go and order a bottle of beer. There are tons of options, I personally can vouch for the White Rabbit. It is basically a delicious alcoholic horchata.SideBar is small and located up a flight of a long flight of stairs so don't get too inebriated before leaving! On busy Friday nights it can be difficult to find a spot to sit later in the night. Noise level isn't terrible compared to other bars which is a plus. It's loud, but not unbearably so.
5	Scenery is awesome! Bartenders are very professional.  So hip.  Total gem!  Mixologist  made drinks.  I will be back!
4	At first we could not find the door but there was a side entrance that takes you upstairs above Pei Wei. Interesting crowd. The atmosphere is kind of hipster-ish. I recommend the margaritas and the whiskey berry drink. We went on a sunday the drinks are 20% off all day.
4	Stepped in with a few buddies one night to see what this little dim rectangle on the second floor was all about. We grabbed a shot of Jamison and left. Why so fast?Let's start by explaining that we are men who like cold beer and warm whiskey. Meaning this place may be a little too hip or too glittery to be our cup of tea (Pinky Up). I would of fit in but I just didn't have my vintage leather shoes, skinny jeans, sweet flannel, non prescription clear glasses and a beanie worn on the tip of my crown that night. Sooooo hip yaaaahhh. Well after my rant I would like to say they do hip well and they are probably doing well with their 'interesting' selection. They are just so damn interesting!! Like a collection of intellectual wizards who can froth over sophisticated conversations about societal taboos. To finish, I won't be back but I will definitely recommend it to my interesting friends or shopaholic vogue'rs
5	Stopped in for a couple of drinks on a Friday night.  Nice atmosphere and friendly waitstaff.  Not overly crowded or loud, so it was a very comfortable place to have a conversation.  Definitely like this place!
4	Very late review... For reasons to be a bit clearer in a moment. Definitely a hipster vibe as others have pointed out YET more inclusive than a crappy Chicago dive bar any day of the week.I visited during a trip I made on Labor Day weekend, just to cash in some miles and get away from the above mentioned city and its 1/3 of a summer we experienced this year. Seriously, felt like spring never ended, no Indian summer and straight into snow this week. I digress. I was genuinely concerned I'd run into the local Yelpers for whom I've had a long standing feud (although I noticed certain arch members have dropped off the face of online Yelp terra) yet I soldiered on. My concerns were lifted when I noticed a) how crowded it was. b) how young the crowd was and c) it was noticeably a hip hop night with DJ to boot. As inclusive as they pretend to be I'd never imagine to see the Yelp crowd that I knew at an "urban" music setting. This proved to be the busiest venue that weekend as Phoenix was, as usual, an utter ghost town and historically so on both Memorial and Labor Day weekends - hence, the perfect weekend for a visit. I wanted to concentrate on visiting my favorite spots of old.So, to summarize: SideBar is still open, and not taken over by some corporate chain. It's still open late nights. It hasn't lost its good atmosphere, even though it was too crowded for me that night. I am happy the Phx is retaining some culture without the CenPho idiots inserting themselves into everything nor making a pointless cause out of a new bar or restaurant constantly.
4	Service can be a little slow at times, no service to tables, must walk up to the bar to get a drink. Didn't expect this with it being a small bar hit but that's fine! I love the vibe of this place. Only reason for 4 stars is because there was no server! Love it otherwise!
4	Quiet, dark, cozy, classy, great cocktails. This is one of my favorite conversation bars.  It's definitely best to go earlier than later, as this can get loud and packed late at night. Sometimes they have LOUD DJ's spinning, in which case I pretend that I walked into the wrong upstairs bar and leave immediately. Nothing like sipping a scotch neat while being deafened by music made for 12 year old girls. I give it four stars instead of five because, if they have a DJ, it is a horrible place, and it's kind of lame to have to call ahead and ask before going. Don Draper wouldn't have had to call and ask if there is a DJ spinning :-/
2	I used to love this place but after my experience last night I'm not sure I'll be returning for awhile. I went to go celebrate my friend's graduation there and ordered a drink and some food. I was excited to see Saffron Jak's pizza there so I ordered the "Super Greeky". After 20 or 30 mins after I ordered I asked the bartender if my pizza was still coming. I saw his eyes get wide and said "Yes, it's done". He brought it over to me and apologized saying the buzzer went off but he didn't hear it and that he wouldn't charge me and to also let him know if I'd like him to make another one. I told him it was ok and that I knew he was busy. Well it was super cold but I was so hungry and so were my friends that we ate it anyways.  Plus the pizza was so small it was gone in a matter of seconds; didnt have a chance to speak up and couldn't imagine having to wait another 20+ mins for another! I thought well at least I'm getting that 10 bucks off because it was pretty much cardboard by the time we got it.To my surprise, when I got the bill he had charged me for everything! As he was walking past he saw me analyzing it and asked "everything look ok?"  I should have asked about taking the pizza off but he was already at the other end of the bar at that point. I figured since we ate it he assumed nothing was wrong with it. I thought the least he could have done was offer a discount or a comp off of my future orders especially after he forgot about my order and initially insisted that I not pay for it.I thought this was very inconsiderate of him and wished I hadn't tipped but then that would have been awkward as I was waiting awhile for my friends to finish their drinks.
4	I went here on a date last night, he picked the place. I had a little trouble finding it until he called to tell me it was above Pei Wei. This is kinda funny because my coworkers and I go there for lunch once a week and I never noticed it!!!Anyway, it's a cozy space , low lighting and intimate sectional seating. There are no servers so if you want a drink you have to go to the bar to order it. We didn't know this at first so felt kinda silly sitting there and waiting  for 10 minutes or so. They have a great cocktail menu with a specialty drink to suit any palate. I had the Sidebar Collins which was a little too sweet but the Whiskeyberry Sour was sooo delicious. I will definitely be back to try the other drinks (but probably not with that guy lol)!
