2	Divey pub with a decent atmosphere.  A little too smokey for my taste and the beer selection on tap is nothing to brag about.  The crowd was a combination of skater types and preppy types.  It was interesting but not that exciting.
3	It's been 5 years, I guess I should update my BOP review!Nice range of english & irish beers on tap. They usually have some kind of shot special going on when I'm there. The drinks are a tad pricy for the location, but I go anyway. I think they have PBR cans on special everyday though, not sure. Food is pretty great, I like the hot dogs, the fish & chips, and their mac & cheese is really good. For something different and yummy, try the celtic nachos. However I cannot recommend the deep fried pickles, I thought, pickles? deep fried? How could I go wrong? Oh, it was wrong. Since the non-smoking laws passed, obviously there are no more issues with the bar being super smoky. however they still have, in the ceiling, what I THINK is a smoke-eater machine? And it scares the LIFE out of me because it makes this crackling-snapping noise really loudly about every 10 minutes or so. It has to be fairly quiet in the bar to hear it. I seriously almost hit the floor the first time I heard it. The place definitely attracts the hipsters, but there's also an older crowd of locals and trivia brings in a mixed crowd. Staff is friendly and prompt.
3	huh. i would definitely not call this a "scottsdale" type bar with that kind of crowd at all. i don't come often, but whenever i've gone it's been just good ol' beer drinking folk and/or the heavily tattooed crowd, and not skinny emo hipster tattooed... likegood meat and potatoes food, like bangers and mash, and englsih beers on tap like bass and such. service isn't spectacular. come to think of it, this bar is just so-so. i think i want to love it, cause it's a cool little pub, but it's just ok. yeah, you're better off going around the corner to papago.
5	I love BOP... Mostly for the food. I love eating here - it's slightly better than bar food and totally delicious... I've only felt ill after eating here a few times, but I can't necessarily blame the food for sure. I eat here regularly. Easily the best pub food around.They took out one of the pool tables and gave it a recent coat of paint. It looks nice in there, but it won't really impress your friends. The bench seat cushions are blown out and some things about this place are starting to show signs of age. There are always a lot of regulars there, but they won't bite. They are always friendly and like to strike up random conversations with strangers - the staff is super nice as well. The crowd there has filled the digital downloading jukebox with good tunes so there's a good selection of inexpensive songs and there's typically something either really good or really odd playing.. There is usually sports (soccer) or news or adult swim on the televisions, but they'll probably put it to whatever you like. It's a really low-key bar. Don't go here if you want to impress someone with your new $200 designer shirt. I think if this place starts getting packed with a shit crowd, it won't be as worth going.It's not the most british joint in the valley and the drinks aren't super cheap, but it's so inviting when you don't feel like dealing with the cramped space of TT Roadhouse or you want some grub. Plus, they carry Diet 7-up - nobody else really does that. Just don't tell anyone else they have it because that's what I drink when I go there.
3	I enjoy "the BOP" as my friend calls it on the same level that I enjoy pizza.  It's good, but it's not my desert island bar.  I go here to meet up with friends.  I've never been there on my own because let's face it.  I'm not likely to be caught dead trolling Scottsdale (even non-Scottsdale Scottsdale) by my lonesome.  The atmosphere is cozy and inviting.  Which kinda turns me off. I like my bars a bit seedier.  But if that's your thing then I'm cool with it.  I hear the food is pretty good for English fare, but hey who wants to waste time eating when you could be drinking?
4	"He is 175 yards from the hole, I think he will use a 6 iron" WAAAAACCCK...."it's in the hole, it's in the hole!" Yeah, yeah, golf is not my bag, but pubs and drinking are! Now this Pub was recently remodeled according to my newly found tourer de force friend. Now I say this because he seemed to have a lot of knowledge of the Non-Douche Areas of Scottsdale, and surprisingly there are a lot of nooks and crannies in Scottsdale that lack Douche-ness. So going here with a 4 some, 2 guys and 2 gals, was a good pairing, I can drive the ball, my date can putt, if I get stuck in a sand trap, she just happens to have a "sand wedge" in her back pocket.  The key to this place is going with the right people. It is set up to encourage talking, and not TV watching, or staring at the crowd. So pick your party of players carefully, and bring an extra bag of naked lady tees, you 'll need them. Overall this place is very cool, and chill. Speaking of chill they had 2 girls handing out Miller Lite Chill beer for free. I am not sure this is the Chill crowd, but they had lime green dresses on, low cut, and skimpy, so I am sure they made some chill friends. The best thing about this place is the discreteness, it's located in a somewhat boring plaza, where everything seems to be named simply for what they sell "Sub Shop" "Pizza", or "Korean Restaurant" The outside of The BOP, doesn't do the interior justice. It feels very pub friendly, warm, and cozy. It's a perfect place for a pint  or FOUR and conversation. Also, the remodeling was done in early 90's pub decor with a splash of 70's retro, so don't be afraid it's sold out. Just go check it out and enjoy. When you're done feel free to peruse the shops of Papago Plaza, Checkout "Just Shoes", or "Liquor Store, or even "Haircuts" It will give you something else to Yelp about.
3	Ok, who told me to get their Cottage Pie???(i think that is what is was called)  It was their version of Shepard's Pie.  I am going to be very blunt about this...it was the most disgusting thing I ever put in my mouth.  And I blame it all on that stuff they called gravy.  And there little side salad or cabbage that they had...was I supposed to eat that?  Anyway, why I gave the BOP three stars is not because of their stellar service (which didn't exist) and definitely not for the food that I had there...I gave it three stars because I loved the atmosphere.  I love pubs like this: dark, a little dirty, a cheesy pool table, awesome music...it was a place where I knew I could feel comfortable all the time.  Next time, I may just get a drink....
4	No Yorkshire pudding...NO YORKSHIRE PUDDING?!?!?!Other than this one serious omission from the menu, the British Open's menu is chock full of great English fare as well as a few tastes from around the world. I've been to B.O. twice now and have had great service and food both times. This last trip I had a nasty head cold so I got a bowl of Green Chile Stew (not something you'd normally expect to find at a British Pub, but I was most glad I did). Well, that green chile did a fantastic job of burning all the crap out of my sinuses and I was able to breath for a good hour afterward (one of many great uses for green chile). We also had the Sausage Rolls which we proceeded to drench with HP Sauce and devour. B.O. also has a great Bread Pudding!The atmosphere is great, but I did notice one small problem. The place isn't very handicap accessible. There was a woman who came in while we were there who had just had hip-replacement surgery. There was no place she could sit at which she did not have to climb a step and it was obviously very difficult for her. After witnessing this I looked around and realized that there were no tables that would be accessible to someone in a wheelchair.
5	First impressions aren't everything. So, I feel entirely justified re-Yelping the British Open after having been here three times. Sometimes you need repeat outings to really get the full "feel" of a place, right? MY FIRST TIME:The crowd was mixed. You could easily find yourself face-to-face with "creepy old guy" when you first walk in. At least I did. But, he's not "stalker creepy guy" so it's okay. I can deal with that. Apparently it's okay to have a baby in the bar, too. Startin' 'em young, I tell ya. On the jukebox: The Black Keys, Wilco, Freeze Pop, Sarah McLachlan.The beer menu offered selections from various countries. Nothing on tap appealed to me, so I went with the Sam Smith's Nut Brown. Very good. I had never had it before. That is probably my beer of choice at the British Open. I'd like to try the Oatmeal Stout, too. I don't think I'd go out of my way to frequent the B.O. Pub. It's in an obscure and generic retail plaza. That doesn't bother me so much as the "mediocre" vibe I got while sitting at the table. I guess the British Open and myself just didn't "click." That's okay. Not every bar and myself can have that special kind of chemistry. It's an organic thing, I tell ya. It's Pub Kismet. * * *SECOND HELPINGS:(summary)I sat at the bar this time. The service was faster. I perused the menu with my date and our friend. My date and I sampled a couple beers. I had the Whitbread Ale. It was okay. But... alas... COULD IT BE? Yes. It was Love At First Sip when I tried the Heather Ale from Scotland. This ale is aromatic and is made with lavender. Uhm, could you want anything else? I savored every sip and made the declaration that I love this pub for this ale alone -- and that I don't know if I can get this anywhere else. While at the bar, we got "troubled" to sign a petition to make St. Pat's Day a national holiday. For handing over our hancocks, we got free pins and pens. Nice. ***ST. PATRICK'S DAY:(a short story of celebration)As luck would have (luck of the Irish?), my friend and I touched on the British, Scottish and Irish in an hour's time - not to mention grabbed the last table when we walked in shortly after 5 p.m. We came to the BritOpen, for I wanted my friend to try the Heather Ale, and I selfishly wanted to be part of a celebration at what could pass as a St. Patrick's Day-friendly establishment. So, we sat among other St. Pat's fans, while we drank one of the best ales either of us has ever had. We got asked if we wanted to order a Killian's, since they were $2 and you'd get a free shot glass with your order. Plus a bag of malts to try. Interesting. After the Heather Ale, my friend ordered a Killian's at the bar, where they weren't handing out the freebies. Bummer. We did manage to track down a couple free shot glass - for what it's worth. We were about to leave when the Irish music stopped. We turned and saw a "band" of bagpipers and drummers and the like start playing outside the pub, framed in the open doorway. Then they walked through the crowd to stand near the jukebox/TV screen to play some songs. It was incredible! My friend said, "I feel like my homeland is calling." She is, after all, a beautiful Scottish lass. After their rendition of "Amazing Grace," we made our subtle exit. That's when I knew I had to re-Yelp this place. After all, bagpipes? Heather Ale? Good prices? Close to work and where I live?Yeah, I will definitely be hanging out here again...and again... and again!***BEWARE: Their Sampler Plate is NASTY, with just a pinch of "meh." The pickles who WHOLE, not cut into chips, like the menu implies. The duck is inedible. Ick. The cod bites were the only decent things on the platter. I did enjoy the tarter sauce!
4	So, while searching for day drinking spots on Easter ( too many closed! ) we crawled into this pub.  I'd been here a few times before and few years ago, but never again since.  Had a great time day drinking and playing darts!  All the usual pub fare was there:Fried foods and so on.....Decent British beer selection, i.e. Tetley's, Guinness ( Irish, I know ), Smithwyck's ( Irish, I know ) and on...But, I must say what got me was the great jukebox....WOW!Styx, new Radiohead, Muse, Massive Attack, Portishead!!!!!Super impressive....Go for the beer, stay for the tunes!
4	Come and meet the letter people!  Come and visit the family!  Words are made of letter people!  ABCD follow me ....Today meet Mr F!Fried f'ing pickles, finicky friends!  This place can fill your fix of finger foods, especially if you fantasize about f'ing downing forty of this fabulous fare with their fantastic fancy remoulade fixing!  Sure, other food and fun can be found at this foundation, but freakin A, fried fucking pickles are the fundamental reason for frequenting this fencepost.  Fancy a pint and a footy match?  Fish and fries (fine, chips)?  BOP's got a few of your fantasies covered.  Its your fault if your feet aren't the first in the queue for this friendly pub.  Four stars!
3	I've been here a few times for beers and to hang out with friends.  I decided to be adventurous this past weekend and try the food.  Big mistake.  I got the nachos, which was nothing more than chips and nacho cheese sauce like you get at a ball game.  Runny cheese at that.  But on the bright side, my friend got the fish and chips, and they were very good.  Although why I thought that there will be good food at a British pub is beyond me...Service has been hit or miss, and this time it was a big hit.  A waitress that came around often always checking up on us, which was nice since the place was pretty busy.  Plenty of varieties of beer to chose from, mainly your British and Irish varieties, but a few local microbrews thrown in for good measure.The place has a nice crowd, mostly your somewhat funky types thrown in with a mix of your laid back Scottsdale type.  There are a few TVs in there (only one big one) showing the game and the alternative X-games stuff you find on Fuel TV.  They also have a small pool table crammed in amongst the tables, making it a little tough to play, and a Golden Tee machine.  All and all, great place for beers and hanging out, not the best place for a meal.
5	I cannot begin to explain the sheer excitement I feel knowing that I have yet to review BOP. I better take a deep breath.... ...in.... out... in ... out... okay, I'm good. I love this place and it is so unexpected! I went to watch a friends band play next door at Chyro Arts and they invited me to BOP. I agreed thinking I was going to be miserable. But no. Not at all. This place is a freaking gem. Their food is SO FREAKING GOOD. The mac and cheese... omg... they have a bunch of food for veggies, which rules. I see from other reviews that they have pub quizzes and I am going to have to hit that up one of these days. The best part? They are at Scotts/McDowell, conveniently located 2 miles from my house. Oh, and the other best part, no yuppies. ONLY COMPLAINT ... the waitresses are a little slow.
5	I'm writing an update because I came for Trivia Night last night and had a BLAST!!!!!!!!! Every seat in the house was full, but the service was on spot and the vibe was killer.. I also found that that they have quite a few flavored vodkas, including pomegranate, so I was excited to try something new.Again, the Mac and Cheese was SO good... I had two bowls. That's right, TWO bowls. What a pig. I think I will become a Tuesday night regular!
1	We use to visit this Pub 10 years ago because they had a nice English waitress and excellent fish and chips for the price.  However, we went back a few weeks ago and boy were we disappointed.  The price of the fish and chip dinner went up and they cut the portion in half.  No one assisted us in putting two tables together, we had to do it ourselves.  Two guests wanted a good English hot tea and they didn't brew it in advance, it was just thrown into a small metal tea pot and we had to ask for cream and sugar.  So we've decided there are newer and better places to eat fish and chips, especially up in north Phoenix.
4	Finding good bar food is like searching for the Holy Grail.  Sure it might be fun and adventurous at times, but too much adventure will probably leave you dead.  In a world of extra greasy food, good bar food usually falls under that category, when it really doesn't have to.  Grease is not a condiment, it never has been.  The more grease, the more you will feel is the next morning, while also nursing a wicked hang over.  In my never ending search and self destructive search for good bar food, I have stumbled upon the British Open in Scottsdale, Arizona.  The bar itself is a mix of old English Pub, and golfer paradise.  Being that is called the British Open, one of the four golf major championships, I found that it completely fit the bill.  There is a nice size bar, that one can belly up to for a libation or meal, as well as a seating area that is a mix of half booths, and elevated bar tables.  The pool table that is basically in the center is more a waste of space than a commodity to drunken patrons.To get in the spirit, I choose my next words carefully...Me mate and I found seats at the bar, while our bartender attentively welcomed up.  She asked if we wanted to drink, but being that I wanted to review the food, and not how much I can consume on a Saturday afternoon, I stuck to a Coke.  Actually I asked for a Dr. Pepper, but not too many bars carry that on the bar guns.The menu is your typical bar food, with a mix of British delicacies (a term I use lightly.)  Wings, burgers, onion rings jumped out at me as I looked over the menu.  Being that I haven't had a good burger in a while, my choice was clear.  Started with an order of hot wings, and then the burger: Medium rare, with bacon...no cheese. The wings came out first.  The sauce was very basic and could even be called a little watery.  However, the flavor was not too hot, and had the right amount of pepper.  The wings were deep fried too, with no breading or batter.  We ate them with some joy, as we talked and watched football on one of the many TVs throughout.The burgers came out soon after, with little wait.  Size wise the plate was just what you needed if you were going to have a beer with your meal.  No so big that you don't want to drink afterwards, but big enough to fill you up.  Cooked to a perfect medium rare, I enjoyed the burger enormously.    The side of fries was also cooked to a perfect golden brown.  And as the bartender kept our drinks full, and checked on us just enough, I can say that I was having a pleasant eating experience.I do see myself going back to the British Open.  The food was great, with the exception of the wings (it could be a west coast thing) and the food was reasonably priced.  Also, I saw that they have karaoke on Wednesday, and I do like to sing.  Maybe when I come back I will get some beer, do a shot or nine and enjoy a new favorite place to eat, drink and be merry.
1	I ordered a Jack & Coke, ...they gave me a glass of flat Coke.  nuff said.
2	This isn't really a British place, by any reasonable account. Normally such places have a lot of atmosphere & beer offerings are skewed towards things British, but here it is virtually like any other bar. There's a few golf items here and there, and the menu is golf themed, but it's pretty much just an ordinary bar.Guiness, Bass, Stella Artois, Hoegaarden, Weihenstephan, Newcastle, Smithwicks, a cider and others make the lineup of taps. No Fuller's, no Whitbread, not much at all that you would expect to find in a British themed place.Fried food options basically, and it sets the aroma of the place as well.
1	Yeah...Overpriced, greasy, and not really that British.However, they have AMAZING Bread Pudding.Simply incredible bread pudding.A more detailed review...Beer was way too expensive, service was slow, even for sitting at the bar, the fish fell apart, fries were cold and lumpy ( were not CHIPS), NO FULLERS.The good? The relish served with the Ploughmans, and the bread pudding was amazing, warm, served with fresh nutmeg, awesome custard.However, in the end, that's the only reason why this place gets a star.Avoid this, pay less and get better food in Tempe, at Rula.
3	Ahhhh yes. The British Open Pub or the BOP as I lovingly call it. This is a frequent lunchtime spot during the work week. Without knowing specifically where it was, you might drive right past it too. The atmosphere is my favorite part of the BOP. It's usually a very relaxing place to be at lunch. I have never been there any other time, so I'm not sure if this always holds true. However, despite it typically being quiet at lunch, the service is usually pretty slow. I typically have to plan on a longer lunch than normal.The beer selection is pretty good. I can always count on being able to have a Boddington's or a black velvet. As far as the food goes, it's pretty good, but not overly British and a little on the greasy side. I've noticed a few spelling errors on their menus from time to time too, which always annoys me.Overall the food isn't the best and the service is slow but it's still an okay place to visit.
4	I had a really really great time here. We were seeing a show a couple stores down at Chyro Arts. All of us went in there and got beer and snacks. The sweet potato fries were excellent. I had them mix BBQ sauce and ranch together. it was a hit. All my friends loved it. Great bar food, great staff, and GREAT music was playing. No complaints!
2	A lil disappointed with the place. Love the decor but the place was dead, faint music and everyone just seemed out of it and zoned out, some zombie type movie, ya know?The beer was definitely overpriced, as was their shots. Kinda wish I would have stuck around at Papago Brewery, and not migrated over to this spot. The staff of girls working were really cool and pretty upbeat but it could have been my $60 bill i racked up in a matter of an hour/hour and a half tops. Again nice staff but poor prices- not sure I'll be back, at least not for the drinks- I still wanna try their food tho.
4	Finally got down here to meet up with my girl and some of her pals (they come here all the time)... The drinks seemed reasonable. I didn't eat myself, but I saw a wide range of food at our table: salads, shepherds pie, pretzels and dip. Everything looked pretty good. They also have a couple pool tables, a jukebox, a long bar, and plenty of tables. Overall a nice, dark, dive bar with good grub.
4	This is a quaint little pub with great atmosphere. The beer selection is standard and the food pub-like but I recommend the sweet potato fries. The last time I was there the table next to us was freaking out over the fried pickles so we got an order of our own and they were all right. Definitely a good hangout place!
3	I will honestly keep coming back here as long as the same owner remains.  He is the nicest person ever!Every time I've been there he's been around and he is just swell!  Very friendly, great recommendations (on or off the menu) and truly genuine.  The food is tasty.  Last time I had the macaroni & cheese.  It was simple and f*&%#@$ cheeeeeeeeeeesyyyyyyy.  Heard the wine burger is just divine!!!
4	1. Beers on tap are European and good: Newcastle, Carlsberg, Guinness etc.2. Above average to really tasty bar food.3. A nice quiet place to hang out and talk.4. Downside, not a good place to watch sports, small poorly positioned televisions.
3	If you are going out for beer than Papago Brewing in the same strip mall is a much better choice. But if you are looking for a true bar with liquor and beer than the British Open certainly qualifies.  Not a huge fan of the food with the exception of the fried pickles. Typical greasy pub fare. Darts and pool tables and a good juke box. Service is usually pretty good every time I've been in there.  Very dark and very much a neighborhood bar.
1	A group of friends and I tried it out (was my second time eating here) last week and we ALL got sick. We all had different things, and the food was greasy and gross. I do not recommend this place and I won't be back.
4	Yeah so I love pubs, especially ones of the British flavor, and we tried this out tonight and it was a pretty good fit for what were looking for...Prices were reasonable, and as was the service.I was extra stoked for River Monsters on the T.V. Quiet Riot, Radio Head, the Scorpions, and Motorhead all within a 30 minute period.  Newcastle on tap, and $2 PBR Pints means this place gets extra thumbs up from me.Fish and Chips, Deep Fried Pickles all great English food, the whole menu looked and smelled good.Proper Bar sized pool table looked like it was in good condition and seen some use...another good sign.I do have two chief complaints though (otherwise this place may get five stars)....They don't play, and didn't even know about the English Premiership league, and as such aired no football (soccer) games....How can you run an English pub without this...I don't know..... No taxidermy animal carcass gracing the walls.....again a classic touch that would have gone a long way in my book.We went on a Thursday and it was pretty busy I'm sure this place get's hopping on the weekend....A little bit hard to find and a bit of a hole in the wall, this place is for sure going on our regular list.
4	Only a little bit divey, this place has really good food! I have to admit, I've been known to walk over from Papago just to get some dinner.So far, it seems I stick to the starter menu. Some of my favorites are the nachos ($6.95) which leads me to think the English Beer Cheese dip must be worth ordering -- note to self for next time! The mac n cheese ($3.95) is awesome and a bargain! There's a ton of delicious sounding items on the rest of the menu -- maybe someday I'll get past the starters and have a green chile burger or test the fish and chips. Heck, typing this I'm thinking of how much I dig this place and wondering why I don't go more often...  maybe working my way through the menu as a service to my fellow Yelpers could be a good excuse.  :)
5	Love it! No BS here! Just fun stuff, good music and good company!MOST soccer (futbol) games can be played on the TVs, just ask your bartender! All new TVs BIGGER and Hi-Def.. Good beer selection!. Specials Daily. Happy Hour (3pm-7pm) and REVERSE happy hour (10pm-2am) Sunday-Thursday, Game requests can OFTEN be met.. We DO have Guinness, Boddingtons and PLENTY more! Literally, Its a laid back place, and for the most part, ASK and ye' shall receive.
5	I'm a big fan of this place after one of my buddies recommended it years ago. It's a little out of the way for me, but I usually find my way there at least once every two months for a Friday lunch.Great atmosphere - a real nice pub, complete with jukebox, dartboard and a lot of really good beers to pick from.All the burgers here are good, but my favorite is the Mulligan burger with American cheese. The ground beef is fresh and they will cook your burger to order based on your own personal preference.The club sandwich or BLT are also good choices here if you like either of them.This place may have one of the best appetizers I have ever had - the English beer cheese dip. It's essentially a spicy dipping sauce made with beer, cheddar cheese and red chili peppers served with freshly made pub chips.They also now serve gigantic German-style pretzels with dipping cheese, as well. Not the healthiest choice - but who ever said pub food was good for you.Check this place out for something different than the usual neighborhood bar, but be warned - when the World Cup is being televised, this place draws big crowds and is understandably busy.
2	We celebrated English New Year's at 5:00 PM at the BOP on Scottsdale Rd. The pub was welcoming, although the waitstaff seemed intimidated, not sure why we were pretty tame. The manager distributed hats and noisemakers had an offical count down to (English Midnight). It was nice to be home by 7:00 PM. The food is typical English food, heavy and greasy. The cheese dip is awful, velveta and soggy pitas,  but sandwiches were good. Nachos really? in England they don't serve nachos.
5	Love this place just for the environment and service.  They staff are really friendly and accommodating.  Food isn't great but they do keep the kitchen open till 2 am which is fabulous when you are sitting around drinking.
4	Keep your expectations low and you can't go wrong with this pub. Don't be put off by the slightly greasy menu with a few items crossed out with sharpie. There are plenty of delicious bar food dishes to choose from. Ignore the fact that the server is wearing an over-sized tank top and her hair looks a bit dirty. She is extremely friendly and will take good care of you. There is live music, and sure, he might be drunk, but he will have you singing along to his version of Tom Petty in no time. And if that isn't enough entertainment for you, they have darts, plenty of TVs, and a pool table, plus, just people watching can keep you laughing and ordering another round for hours.
4	Fish and Chips anyone? Had that and the quesadilla last night, both were delicious, but i'll admit I feel a little sluggish today. Place was clean, well kept, nice waitress. We went on a quiz or trivia night, so the mood was pretty mello. Tap beers seemed pretty standard for a pub. I will definitely go back for a nightcap as it is an easy walk from my house.
4	Stopped by for a quick light dinner. Went with a sampler appetizer to get a little taste of everything. Fried pickles (English call it a wally?) Was different but good. Also tried the pasties and it was good. My son loved them! Then he started throwing attitude for no reason so I took him so didn't get to try too much. Will have to come back and try more.Oh, I believe the owner was sitting at the bar and came by with a slice of watermelon for my son after we ordered. That was cool. :)Side note: owner reached out through my Yelp check-in via Twitter asking how my experience was. Knowing they care makes me automatically like the place that much more!
4	I really do enjoy my time every time I come here. This establishment reminds me of being back east, with its ambiance and vibe. I came here last week for my birthday and with good drinks, good food, and good company, I had a blast!! We had the crab dip, fish n chips, and bangers and mash. All of the food was quite delicious! What I like most about the open in the crowd. Yes, it is in Scottsdale, but it's not Scottsdale. The people who come here are down to earth, and not the uppity uptight pretentious people of Scottsdale, which I love. When you're here, you're family and everyone is willing to talk to everyone. And even the waitstaff is friendly and attentive. I wish I could frequent this place more often but I live rather far away. I will never have a problem if a friend suggests coming here for a night of drinking!!
4	What can I say, I like this place! A great selection of Import Beers, well made British food & a very authentic English Pub atmosphere. Have a Boddingtons on Tap, sample a cheese & onion pasty, soak in the atmosphere & say hello to the owner Greg. A really friendly bloke! British Open Pub is in the Same Strip Mall as Papago Brewing & well worth visiting while bar hopping in Tempe or South Scottsdale. Cheers!
4	Pipp Pipp Cheery-o ! It's a British Pub in Scottsdale! No, it's not RUBBISH! It's True! We went to this little gem and it really did reminded me of a pub in London, very cool. They had a great selection of beer, but they also have and amazing selection of vodka! All the Three Olives, except Mango, but who drinks that! STOLI galore and much much more! The place has a really laid back feel - I think it would be an amazing Happy Hour location! I didn't get to sample the food - but I saw some sliders go by that looked to die for! Definitely a place to check out!
3	i thought I'd found the perfect after-work watering hole. It combines my favorite aspects of a neighborhood pub - pool table, juke box, great beers on tap, fairly authentic Brit-pub ambiance, and a pretty good food menu. The waitstaff is nice, and it has a Cheers-like local atmosphere. The TVs with various sporting events is a great touch, too. I live in S. Scottsdale, and would much rather hang out at a place like this than say, TT Roadhouse (too cramped), Pattie's (too frat boy having his first beer-ish), Coach House (too full of it's own divey self), or a few others around here. I was thinking "4 stars".Then I get home and notice they bait-and-switched me on a food item - Bread Pudding (very good, yes), it was $3.95 on the menu, and $4.95 on my bill (I'm really not cheap. it's the principle of the thing - charge what's on the damn menu, or change your menu. It's called "false advertising". Should I have made a stink about a buck?  She probably bet I wouldn't notice, which is all the more insulting). Also, the beers at happy hour were $4.25. Really? You guys can't do better than that? I know of a dozen places that do $3 pints and even less than that at the old HH. I mean, your place is chill, clean, service is good, but...come on. Oh, it's...Scottsdale. Duh. I'll come back someday, but I'm not in a hurry to.
4	Stopped in to the British Open again last night for a bit of food & a few beers.  Cheese & Onion Pasties & Toad in the Hole paired with Boddington's & Modus Hoperandi.  Great Pairings!  As usual a comfortable atmosphere, good service & always a good time!
4	This place has the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had.  Added tomato, mushroom, and lettuce for the win.  When next I go, I will definitely pay the extra $2 again for the home-cut fries or whatever they're called.  Vegetarian offerings are few--part of the 4 stars--but if you are looking for a decent selection of beer on tap and some delicious, semi-greasy pub food, this place is great.I went there with two friends who had the fish and chips, which are apparently awesome.  At lunchtime it's pretty quiet, dark, and cool, so it offers a great escape from the hot, summer street.  Our waitress was very attentive and kind.
4	Came in today after work and friendly Matt the bartender was spot-on, which had me re-thinking this place. Yes, they are pricey, but damn it all if their pub atmosphere isn't just about perfect. I've tried their grilled cheese sandwich and bread pudding which were remarkable, and they have great beers on tap, so I know I will probably make this place a more regular stop, as it is directly on my way home from work, and I can forgive the initial oversight in my first review.A great place to chill from the summer heat!
4	I also come here on Tuesday nights for their weekly trivia night! Best time to come and put your brain to work. The place is usually pretty popular for trivia nights but they do take reservations so you can save a space for you and your large group and not have to fight for spots each week or show up super early to save a seat. They run happy hour specials during this time to so you won't be breaking the bank if you don't win the trivia prize. They have plenty of good beers to choose from and the food is alright. Not amazing food but it's your typical bar/pub food. Because its so busy on these nights the service can be a bit slow but you have the trivia questions to distract you and plus the staff is so friendly you can't blame them.
4	Fish & Chips are very good but I did not care for the mac & cheese or the artichoke soup.  The mac & cheese reminded me of cheese sauce and the soup had waaay to much lemon.  The bar & seating areas are very clean, staff friendly but not bothersome and beer is cold- what's not to like about that?
4	How is it that I live so close to this place and never knew it was here?! Tucked around back of Papago Plaza sits this English Pub, which was our first stop on a bike crawl last night. This place has happy hour specials daily, and lots of seating at the bar. We rolled in with a big group and they were pretty quick to get everyone served with drinks and even had pitchers of water out to help yourself. I think my budlight was $1.75 on draft and my husbands 8.25% craft beer was $5. Next time I'll have to try the fish and chips!
4	our first stop on a bike pub ride. i've been here before and it feels like a bar. it's not crowded, there is not pulsating music playing. there is a pool table and lots of oak. it's a place for sitting at the bar, watching sports, and drinking. apparently they serve food, but we just stopped in for a drink. the fish and chips some other patrons were having looked pretty darn tasty though!it's tucked away at Papago Plaza, not far from Papago brewery and right next to the cryo arts suite. they were more than willing to accommodate a large group of cyclists and even had water pitchers waiting on us. i did have a craft beer at over 8% alcohol and it was deeeeeelicious!
4	Had a great time on Friday night.  As my friend and I walked in she said it feels like a great place.  It had a warm and friendly atmosphere.  I don't remember the name of our waitress but she was great. We ordered beer first and I asked the waitress to surprise me with one she likes. That started off the fun.  She chose a very good one first, and an equally good one for the second and last.  My friend and I both had the fish and chips because we thought that would be a good choice for a British pub.  The dinners were very good.  The fish was battered just right, the. Ole slaw was perfect, and the french fries were not overdone. So the first time there was better than I expected and we will come back again and again.
5	Tl;dr-This place rocks!I come to this bar time and again because of the awesome atmosphere, great service, and delicious menu. I hear bands like The Knife & The Xx playing here often.The happy hour prices are always reasonable and the drinks never disappoint. There's Wednesday night Trivia! The food is on par with restaurant quality & the menu exceeds "bar food" expectations. The pretzel w/soft cheese is [housemade]amazingness.The service is truly great, I feel as comfortable as a regular there. Awesome place!!
4	I decided on this place as I was looking for a place to try Trivia . And found many more reasons why I had a good time. The place has great energy, very good food, great service ( even though its slow, the trivia distracts you) . The size of the helpings is generous and the prices are reasonable.  I especially recommend the bread pudding. Will have to be back to redeem the slightly poor performance in the Trivia! ;)
3	You can always count on the British Open Pub as a great place to watch a sports game--you'll always have a TV available.Maybe it's because it's sandwiched in the Papago Plaza is not always the most happenin' place.But that doesn't mean you shouldn't give this spot a try. It's golf-themed, which is refreshing in a sea of Irish- and football-themed bars, and it has a large menu of both food and drinks. There are also daily specials in the kitchen.For my meal, I got a house salad ($5.95) and macaroni and cheese ($3.95), which tasted just fine-nothing phenomenal, but they were pretty good as bar food.My pal got the English Style Fish and Chips ($10.95), which came with peas-something I'm not used to seeing on many plates these days (thank gosh, because I hate them), but I guess they made the meal more authentically British.And even though the bar wasn't crowded, the people who were there seemed to be really into watching the game that was on. It's also a family-friendly place, so there were a couple of families in addition to the 20-somethings-which included a big group who brought balloon noisemakers. The spot was proof that your experience is what you make of it, and thankfully for us, it was spirited but not uncomfortably cramped like some of the other places we visited.
2	Haven't eaten here in a while, I'm usually in for drinks.Had the fish n chips. Not NEARLY as good as they were some years ago. I know they changed recipes. The fries were mushy in a bad way, and the fish pieces (2) needed to be bigger. The fish batter was thin and light, but these weren't even close to authentic British fish n chips. The chips had an "old oil" taste. Some people like that, and it's OK when the oil tastes a certain way to make the chips taste a certain way. Served with choice of peas or slaw, and tartar and ketchup. Worth 8 bucks, but not near 11.I REALLY want to see an authentic British recipe here so the place will be the talk of the town. ***************************************The beer on tap is SUPER COLD!!! ***************************************ADDENDUM OCTOBER 2012:A friend bought me some sausage rolls. They came out with 2 small containers of hot mustard, which I love. It's not Coleman's but close enough. The rolls contained nice large sausage, but the pastry outer needed to be MUCH thicker to be in proper proportion. Delicious sausage, but more pastry thickness would make them the best in the valley. And not only thick, but fluffy, not dense and dough-ey. Believe it or not, my favorite sausage rolls were the multi-frozen ones from Tesco!!May 2013:THEY ARE NOT SAUSAGE ROLLS ANYMORE BUT 4 OR 5 SLICES OF ONE.THIS MADE ME SO GODDAMN MAD!!!But since I'm a bit of a regular I'm saying my peace here after not getting much of a response from the staff in person.7 or 8 bucks for a few mouthfuls??!!WWWWWWWWTTTTTTTTTTTTFFFFFFFFFFFFYou're downgraded to 2 stars.FU
4	I'm still a big fan of the mac n cheese. Quite possibly the best in the Valley! Cheesy enough that you may have to twirl your fork when you grab a bite of the tangy, creamy goodness! I like the batter on the fish and chips but found the fish to on the tough side -- not my favorite.
4	This was my first pub experience in Scottsdale. A local Geocaching group had their monthly meeting here, and being 2 days into moving from NYC to Scottsdale, I looked to meet like minded folks.They all extolled the virtues of the pub fare at the British Open, so I took em up on it and ordered an AWESOME french dip. Wow, it was delicious. The au jus was amazing. I chatted up the folks to my left and right and found that one of them was a cook at another local restaurant and said that I had to come back and try their other menu items. That is high honors, in my book so I did indeed come back here a few more times.Each time tried another hot sandwich offering.  The price, is definitely right.The only thing preventing me from giving British Open 5 stars is the service.Its spotty at best. I don't feel that I ever had 4 or 5 star service here, the servers and bartenders need to be more attentive and NOT hang out towards the back of the bar (which is the service area).If this place remedies this behaviour, then I may change my rating, however we shall soon see....
5	We eat a lot of pub grub and I was really happy with the meal we had at British Open. Visiting from out of town, we were starving and in need of sustenance (and maybe we were having a little culture shock as well). Yelp to the rescue! We stopped in here, and were really glad we did.The server we had was really friendly and helpful, explained the menu and what she thought was really good, what was popular, etc. We opted for the fish and chips, and also for the hot and spicy beer cheese dip. Mostly we just needed a little pick me up before going to dinner with the folks. Well, we really wound up eating two dinners, because the portions were very very generous here! The fish was tender and perfectly cooked, battered to perfection. The chips were hand cut from real potatoes and perfectly done. The cheesy dip was really good. Carby, starchy, yummy, this was hangover food, or "I just walked around a horse show in the sun for 4 hours" food, and it set us right up. I was really charmed by the atmosphere. We liked it so well we sent our friends there for lunch the next day, and THEY liked it so well they went back for dinner.Two thumbs up, five stars, we will come back here again when we're in town. It is a go-to kind of place.
4	Pretty cool place.  A little hole in the wall bar.  Had a fun time with friends but we had to move tables because they were about to start trivia night.  Man those guys take that seriously.  It was packed with trivia people!!!
4	Quirky place with great food and some friendly and talented mixologists behind the bar. I'm generally more a craft beer guy, and the selection has dramatically improved over the years. I was told it was the best fish and chips in the valley when I moved here, and I can't disagree. Hopping some night, fairly quiet on others.. always a fun stop. My only complaint is that lack of space makes the pool table more a decorative item than anything.
4	Have been here many times, but this is my first review. Surprisingly, this review was based on a work lunch I had here a week ago instead of the dozen previous visits I've had. Went on a Thursday at about 2pm and the bartender (Lyndsey) was great. Let us know what was good on the menu and was very attentive. The food was good and timely, and we were well taken care of. The regulars were hanging out and they were funny and added character. Harp on tap always sucks me in. Overall, it was a very enjoyable time, mostly because of the bartender Lyndsey. Mostly because she actually schooled my ex-bartender friend on drinks and their ingredients. I will go back again, no doubt. As a matter of fact, I am going there tomorrow night for a friends birthday party. I'll update this post appropriately after that time. My only reason for not giving this place 5 stars, is their lack of a smoking area/patio. I get that they're in a strip mall and that isn't an option, but as a cigar smoker, it would be nice to relax on a patio and smoke a stogie instead of stepping outs front to sneak a cig for 5 minutes.
5	I really dig this place. I came in here had the fish & chips which were great. I also got a Stella on tap which was ice cold. The service was amazing, probably some of the best I've ever had.
3	BOP is a Monday night tradition for me. Great atmosphere. Amazing service (especially from Wendy). And the rotating menu makes me excited to come back. I always feel welcomed by whoever is behind the bar. And, the bar isn't littered with college hipsters or sports fanatics, despite it's vicinity to ASU. Sometimes I feel like BOP is Tempe's best kept secret.
5	I was in town for a wedding and came here for lunch.  I ordered the fish and chips and they came out super hot and super fast.  Really good batter on the fish, like they do in Scotland and the fries were awesome.  Best of all, the bartenders/cooks Mike and Jimmy were awesome and a lot of fun to talk to and very knowledgable on their beers.  Best fish & chips I've had in America. So good.
5	Cheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Get the English Sausage Rolls and side of cheese! Too die for! I'm hesitant to give it 5 stars for fear that word will get out about the gem of a dive bar. I've never been disappointed by any of the food or drinks we've gotten there. We go regularly for happy hour or late night hangouts. The bartenders are always friendly and they work hard to earn those tips for sure. It's never very crowded and the regulars are a hoot.
1	My wife and i came in for lunch on a Friday afternoon. There were six people in the bar. The service was very slow. It took over 15 min to get a beerI had the fish and chips. The fish came out very soggy and chips were soggy as well.  My wife had the cottage pie. This came very dry as well. There was no gravy at allOverall i dont think we will be back here any time soo
4	The concept of a golf themed English pub in the desert is so foreign to me that I just had to come here. I had a Boddington and the jalapeno cheeseburger (cooked traditionally English style). The burger was nothing special. Wouldn't have it again, but would have the onion rings. Holy crappers Batman, are they huge. I kinda liked the style the place is set up, and even I am not aspiring to become a regular I will come back here when I need a place to have a beer and a conversation.. and possible some ginormous onion rings. The service is nice enough and the place seem clean. When I was here the clientele make up was of the standard regulars, a Led Zepplin listening couple to my right, and a girls-night-out table with 4 girls further in. The atmosphere was nice. Come try this place.
4	Loved this place! I ordered the fish and chips and they live up to the "raves" on Yelp!  The batter was not at all over powering and gave just the right bit of crunch.  Loved the hand cut fries as well...doused in some yummy malt vinegar and a big helping of some hard cider...I was happy!
5	My lodge has been frequenting British Open for a couple of years now on Thursday nights--anywhere from 4 of us to 15 or 20 of us-- and usually no earlier than 9:30 pm sometimes 10:30 pm -- and what I wanted to say is --the wait staff is always ready for us -- the kitchen is always open even tho its late-- they have a reuben sandwich that is going to be legendary it is so good -- one of our guys always gets the soup -- whatever it is --and its great -- their fish and chips, Wallys,,, and even the full entrees ( at 10pm) are all great --- the crowd is eclectic there are everything from tattoos to neckties -- a professional staff ---and oh,,,a ton of different beers on tap--- 5 star English Pub !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	I know my friends like this place.  But to me the service was lazy and veryy slow. Gnats flying all around, and the soda was flat.  The waitress said it wasn't.  No paper towels in the bathroom.
5	A very fun bar to be at.  No complaints.
5	By far my favorite dive in Scottsdale! Morgan and Wendy are the best bartenders in town. If you're in Scottsdale, you've got to try out the BOP!!
4	I just found this place so much fun and authentic.  I lived in England for 8 years and this place is exactly what a British Pub is meant to be--dark, good beer, mediocre food and friendly but not too friendly service.  The food is not for the "True Foods" Tofu set.  I started with delicious New England Clam Chowder and our table shared some unbelievably good nachos.Next I had the fish and chips which were perfectly good but not special.  I know people rave about the homemade fries.  Personally, I love how McDonalds, Five Guys, et al do fries and these tasted more like cut potatoes than crispy fries.Still, the entire experience was so much fun--especially in these hot bright summer days, it's so nice to get a perfect cold beer in a dark place like this.  If you like English pubs this is the place.
2	We tried this for lunch while visiting Scottsdale.  Nice enough Pub and our server was Friendly.  Unfortunately our overall service was super slow, and some of our food was cold.  It was a good hour from the time we arrived until we got our food, with only 2 tables dining, this is unacceptable..This place has potential but needs to execute better.
5	I like this bar. My wife and I go for lunch often and are always curious about the daily lunch special. We've never been disappointed with the food or the variety of cold beer on tap. The full bar has a lot to offer as well.
2	Not impressed with the onion rings... too greasy with an unpleasant aftertaste. Also spider web decoration during halloween became a nuisance.
5	Small pub, but great staff, food and drinks! I've been going to BOP for about a year, and I've never had a poor experience. It also feels like a genuine English pub!
