5	Great food, kinda pricey but large portions. Worth it. Atmosphere is country and comfortable. Def coming back. Staff was friendly and plentiful with the coffee. Never rushed us once. There county potatoes are mmmmmmmmmmmm
1	I know they just opened a day ago but this place is a disaster. Very slow service and the food quality was very iffy.
2	So as we all know, North Las Vegas is starving for restaurants.  I was so excited to see something new come to our side.  The service was AWESOME.  This crew is amazing and positive and friendly.  The food however was well, just ok.  Compare it to a Dennys or IHOP, just with bigger portions.  Will I go again, probably.  Will I expect to be wowed, probably not.
4	Well, there's a new sheriff for comfort food in town, "where the big boys eat."  That's the restaurant's slogan, and for good reason.  Dinner portions here are large and come with an individual bread loaf to pick and tear at, dip in gravy, or spread with the sweet butter provided, as one pleases.  And, my single serving of Chocolate Cake, ordered a la mode, came with TWO large scoops of Vanilla Ice Cream and was humongous enough to feed and satisfy the dessert cravings of my entire party of FOUR.  The cake was moist and was one of those rarities that tasted as good as it looked in the display case.  But I'm getting ahead of myself.  Let's start at the beginning.When you arrive, you will be greeted in the convenient parking lot in front of the restaurant by a Paul Bunyanesque, ax-wielding lumberjack.  Not to worry!  This greeter is friendly and frozen in painted cement.  Once inside, the restaurant is bright and inviting, although a light over our table was burned out.  There were a few other opening week glitches as well.  Although our server was very friendly and well meaning, it took a long time to order after receiving menus, and I had to request water twice before any arrived.  But by the end of our meal, staffers were replenishing Iced Tea without being asked, and frequently checking on my party's needs.I was skeptical about the quality and variety of food I would find here after reading one low-rated review.  But I vowed to keep an open mind as I went through the front door, and became a believer as soon as I tasted my cup of Chicken Noodle Soup, which was the soup of the day.  It sported some vegetables and thick noodles, and featured shockingly very hot and tasty broth.  A choice of soup of the day or one trip to the Salad Bar, as well as a choice of potato, rice, or mixed vegetables, come with dinner entrees like my Ground Round Dinner, which was basically a hamburger steak.  But a very good hamburger steak weighing about half a pound, and covered by hot and tasty Brown Gravy!  I was able to order it as I liked.  Although I asked for medium-rare, not too surprisingly the meat was actually cooked medium.  This is still better than the well-done hamburgers one gets at most restaurants nowadays--especially in Clark County where the Health Department really puts down the hammer on doneness of hamburger products.  All was well on the plate, except the temperature of the gravy-covered mound of mashed potatoes was tepid at best.  The mashers were good but should be heated more before being served.  They were less than half as hot as the meat served on the same plate.Because my wife is a veggie hater, I was able to enjoy the Salad Bar's offerings, too.  As I did, at first I was grumbling to myself about the "one trip" rule.  But my mood quickly brightened upon seeing the size of the wooden salad bowls provided.  They were large!  Anyone who has learned how to pack a lot of food into one bowl at a Mongolian Barbecue restaurant will fare just fine here on one Salad Bar visit.  Plus, the entrees and sandwiches are large enough that gluttony is not advisable at the Salad Bar.  One trip should be plenty!Fresh produce and other Salad Bar offerings were fairly standard, although with a couple of striking omissions.  While there was an abundance of White Mushrooms, strands of beets, large red Grape Tomatoes, pieces of crunchy celery, Red Onion, Black Olives, croutons, shredded cheese, bacon crumbles, something akin to sunflower seeds, and a variety of salad dressings to go with the Iceberg Lettuce provided, missing for me were Potato Salad, Tuna Salad, Garbanzo Beans, pieces of ham, and egg.  Because many of these items can be found at the Garden Salad Bar of Ruby Tuesday just next door, I would not go to Lumberjacks just for its Salad Bar unless it adds some more items.  In fairness though, Lumberjacks also offers several specialty salads that looked interesting.The homemade bread served with entrees was doughy but light at the same time.  All food I tasted, including a bite of Diane's Chicken Fried Steak, was of higher quality than typical coffee shop fare.  I think Lumberjacks is a winner, and fills a long empty niche for high-quality breakfast and comfort food in North Las Vegas.  I'm already a fan, and look forward to returning soon and trying several more Lumberjacks menu offerings.
2	They are really at  1 1/2...this is the 3rd incarnation of a restaurant at this location..I hope they make it. It may be that Breakfast & Lunch will keep them in business. Granted they have been open less than two weeks. Decided to give dinner a try. Upn entry was greeted by a hostess..they had 3..I have no clue why the place was almost empty. Was first seated in a booth w/ the a/c blowing full force..We moved ourselves.The wait person..I 'm glad they gave her a job...but very scattered..she approached us 3 times before she actually took our order. Orderd..full order of ribs & senior Pot roast..w/ Salad bar. Salad bar is ok....No sooner than we returned from the salad bar our entree's arrived. Watress commented oh that was quick...duh!!!!..Had not planned  eating my salad w/ my entree..Thought about sending it back..but having gotten a look at the people in the kitchen I thought better of it. Waitress was ok w/ refreshing our refreshments..but failed..w/ respect to bringing an order/side of veggies we ordered it arrived after we finished our meal. The ribs were the smallest ribs I've seen. They must get them from miget pigs.. The Pot Roast..humm..lets just say I made a bad choice..It consisted of canned meat that comes from Argentina, McCormicks brown gravy mix, instant mashed potatos, carrots/celery slighly warmed  from the salad bar...I left 1/2 of the meat on my plate..Their is an upside we did speak to the restaurant manager expressed our concerns, she took everything to heart and really listened and then compted the $30.00 meal. We did say that we would be back for breakfast at some point in the future. My suggestion is do them from breakfast or lunch...as far as dinner...they have a few bugs to work out.
1	SHOULD HAVE JUST WENT TO DENNY'S OR IHOPStopped by this morning for breakfast. We were seated right away by the hostess. We sat for 15 minutes and there were no servers in sight. I finally got impatient and went to let the hostess know that no server has come to take our order yet. The hostess had to walk to the back of the restaurant to let the server know that we had been waiting for over 15 minutes.The server came immediately and apologized. She told us that the other server was on break and she had to cover both sides of the restaurant. A restaurant this size and only 2 servers?!!I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak w/fruit for my side. It came with 2 eggs which I got over easy and a Strawberry Lemonade to drink. The Chicken Fried Steak was the worst I've ever tasted. Marie Callender's frozen Country Fried Chicken is 10 times better than this. My friend ordered the 10oz Sirloin Steak medium rare, B&G(biscuits and gravy), and an Iced Tea to drink. The steak was too tough. She said the gravy tasted like it was made from the powder gravy packets you buy at the grocery store. They have their AC on full blast so your food gets cold quick. We didn't even finish half of our food and we declined when our server asked us if we wanted a couple of boxes.I don't think I'll ever come back to this restaurant.
4	To be fair I need to amend my previous review. After discussing my visit/meal the mgr of the restaurant she was gracious enough to comp the meal. In addition in my comments to their corporate office, they were nice enough to send me a $30.00 gift card in the hopes of garnering my return business. I will definitely be returning not because of the gift card but because of what I saw last Sunday the place was hoppin and food was getting raves....another reveiw later..but pls give this place a try.
2	This location has been something new every month, the last restaurant to try to open, a burrito place, never did.  We saw the construction and starting hearing rumors of "lumberjacks" and got excited that perhaps there would be a new place on that side of town to try.Once it opened, we made it for dinner.  After reading a few reviews, and looking at the menu and some posted pictures, we were truly looking forward to it.We started off with the combination platter, everything was fried.  We were given one small ramekin of sauce for everything.  I ordered the chicken fried steak dinner with soup, it was chicken noodle as my choice, as the soup of the day had ran out.  The soup was heart with veggies and thick noodles, not bad tasting, but my chicken fry was just a frozen breaded piece covered with gravy.  The best thing on the plate was the big fat roll, it was warm and the butter melted quickly.At this point we declined desert.  I don't know if I'd eat dinner here again, but I might come back to try breakfast.
3	We ordered the bacon and cheese omelette for 8.99, and upgraded on the bread for $1.00 for a pancake instead.  The omelette was large, and stuffed with bacon. There was so much bacon, it overwhemed the rest of the omelette.  The meal came with potatoes, which were not cooked all the way through (thick slices, slightly browned).  The pancake was just fine, but those have never been a favorite for me.  We also ordered off the senior menu, getting a two-egg omelette with cheese and mushrooms for $6.49.  This was the star of the show, as the mushrooms were plentiful and tasty.  There was ample cheese.  The hash browns were just okay, lightly browned, and an improvement on the potato slices in the other dish.  This meal also included a bisquit, that was huge, but didn't seem to be fresh (hard on the outside, cool on the inside).  The coffee was $1.99, and just fine (Boyd's brand).  For anviance, there was the mountain logger look for furniture, and 90's country music being piped in at a moderate to low volume.  I think that I will revisit this place on a weekday, when they have the ham and egg special for 3.99, the chicken fried steak special for $4.99, or the steak and eggs for $5.99.  As for this meal, it was just an okay value for the money, and there are lots of places that do breakfast better for less money in the area.
1	Lumberjack's Restaurant... don't even bother! I can't urge you enough to stay away from here. Slow wait-staff wearing filthy uniforms. Filthy floor, filthy tables and seating. Tasteless food delived at a snail's pace. I-could-give-a-shit attitude as thick as their mindless skulls. Oohhhh, and the "salad bar"... lettuce AND carrots AND cucumbers. No!! Really, it's just too much! You're better off just throwing your money in the gutter.
2	The prices are fair to above avg. for a new, unknown restaurant in the Vegas market. Decor is plain both in the restaurant and the restroom.  Needs more excitement happening in the restaurant.  Just had a lumberjack video running over and over on the TVs.  Felt like a cafeteria.  Food was good, but nothing to write home about.  The meals that we were served lacked presentation.  Burger and fries on a plate and nothing else.  Silverware was very cheap.  Bathroom soap was cheap stinky kind.  Salad bar was plain.  Have to pay cashier like at IHOP.
1	I tried this restaurant THREE times.  I can confirm they are VERY consistent... consistently AWFUL!  Let me break it down.ATMOSPHERE:  Empty and freezing.  There is a section in the front on both sides fo the restaurant that has huge AC vents blowing on you.  I love air conditioning, but this was insane.  I admit to being amused watching group after group being seated in this area, complaining, and being moved.  The wait staff would tell the manager who could not figure out the problem.  Also, this place feels empy.  The decoration is sparse.  They have TV's running lumberjack nonsense in loops.  AWFULBREAKFAST: Awful.  They have terrible bacon with a nasty aftertaste.  Their eggs are consistently burnt.  They have the most flavorless french toast which MAY have skimmed some eggs...  but I couldn't tell.  It was like eating wet white toast.  YUCK.  How was the coffee?  Well, the waitresses were all bringing in Starbucks.  I think that answers that.LUNCH/DINNER:  Clean or fix the grill.  Aside from BURNING THE HECK out of my medium burger, the flavor from the grill is nauseating.  OVERALL:  This place needs a major reset.  The food quality is terrible, the cooks clueless, and the grill NASTY.  I strongly recommend you skip this place.  If you have a serious Lumberjack hunger... check out Denny's.  It's 100 times better.
1	To sum up this place is hit or miss....actually more of a miss than a hit..Went Sunday morniing (4/19/14)..I counted 15 open seating spots. yet hostness..stated a 25-35 min wait.. We got up and left...so did two couples who had been waiting..I wont be back..................
3	Stopped by here for breakfast.This place is like the offspring of Denny's and Timber's.It was packed on a Sunday morning.  They had a few empty tables but it seemed to take for ever to get seated.  It was about a 30 minute wait.  I wasn't in a hurry so I was just hangin' out.I had the chicken fried steak.  It was the type they buy frozen and throw it in the deep fryer... but it was good.  The gravy was boring.  I didn't care for the potatoes.  The potatoes seemed to boiled or steamed and then grilled on the flat top for a few minutes.  I ordered basted eggs.  HMMM - disappointed.  I admit a nicely basted egg is not easy - but that's the difference between 3 stars and four stars.  My eggs were brown on the bottoms.  I know it seems picky, but I am a stickler when it comes to basted eggs.The place was clean.  The chicken fried steak was on special so the price was right.  I would go here again though.  It is better than going to Denny's or IHOP.
2	When am I ever going to learn to trust others reviews?  OK, here we have a few 4-5 stars, and some 1-2 stars.  I always throw out the 1 star reviews when the person posting it have done no other reviews.  You know, the guy with 0 friends and only 1 review.  Makes me wonder what his/her grudge is.  Well, I really should have believed the low star ratings.  Ugh!  Hubby had chicken fried steak, which was so overcooked he didn't eat it, and mashed potatoes.  Yes, it came with a soup or salad and a personal loaf of bread (good), but where was the vegetable?  No corn, beans, or anything.  Just the fried steak and potatoes.I had the pot roast with a baked potato.  Pot roast was just OK, but a little salty, and the carrots in it were the tiny bagged ones you get in the produce dept. to give to your kids to eat.  No other "pot roast" veggies!   The baked potato was very good, but how wrong can you go on a baked potato?  I ordered the clam chowder as a starter, but they should have named it "potato soup".  Left all the potatoes on the side plate hoping they would get the message.Are we going back?  As my husband said on the way out, "How do you find these places?" :)  I do need to add one more thing - before we went I called to see what their hours were.  The girl who answered the phone had no idea how late they were open and put the phone down to go ask someone!  She's working there and has no idea what time they close? That should have been my first clue!
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!! Never coming back. Clearly asked for a high chair, and for obvious reasons since my baby is 1. It was never brought, I had to go and hunt one down myself. Sat down and it took over 15 minutes for waiter to bring water. She kept coming back and saying that they were fixing the soda machine... I ordered WATER! Before the water was ever brought she came to take the order and I ordered a waffle and asked if instead of meat I could just get potatoes and she gave me this long story about how she doesn't think they can do it. Over all service sucked and the manager kept walking around looking but wouldn't even approach us or do anything.
1	Went there for a Saturday morning breakfast and had the worst waitress ever, and the food wasn't much better.  Quite frankly, if our waitress hadn't just started employment there 5 minutes before we arrived and received absolutely no training, then there's no excuse for how bad she was.When we ordered our food, she had to have us point out the item on the menus so she could write down the right item.  She didn't know the menu at all.After a half hour wait, had to practically tackle the waitress as she was bypassing us yet again to remind her that we were still waiting for our food.  She returned a moment later to ask us what our order was so she could resubmit a ticket for it.  I was shocked, to say the least.She then showed up with our food a moment later and gave us each the other's order.  We fixed that and started eating, but she kept lingering at our table to explain... repeatedly... until I actually had to ask her to leave so we could eat. I've never had to be that blunt with a waitress before.  The food.. hubby ordered a Big Jack's Skillet and had asked for extra gravy, which he didn't get.  He said it tasted okay, he was mostly happy just to finally have some food.  My meal was just 2 eggs, hashbrowns & an english muffin - and the only part of the meal that was warm was the english muffin.  The eggs were right on the edge of being cold, I had to eat fast before the last bit of remaining lukewarm heat disappeared.  The hashbrowns were dried out and cold, I barely touched those - but I totally enjoyed my english muffin - it was definitely the best part of my meal.We asked for our check from the waitress on yet another run-by of hers and she showed up a few moments later with a check that was close to what we had ordered but with the drinks wrong.  She informed us that she had made an error but it was in our favor as the beverages she input were cheaper anyway.  I said "fine" and "whatever" and she kept carrying on about the $.25 diff she was saving us.  As we were trying to leave the table, she even came over and shoved a menu in my face to prove the price difference, apparently she was expecting me to have shown more gratitude for that quarter and was determined to get it!Needless to say, when we got to the front counter to pay and they asked how things were, I had a few choice words to say.  They informed the manager and he said our breakfast was free, with the manager seeming truly concerned and wanting a detailed account of the disaster of a waitress we had.  He implored us to please come back again.. but I can guarantee you it won't be for breakfast.  The only reason they get that one star is because of the manager.
1	I have had one great experience here and one terrible. I give it 3 stars because I have to be fair to the 1st experience but as well the 2nd. Both of these experiences happened 3 days apart this last week.The first time I had a "Pot Roast Melt" and it cost $8.95. It came with a side a fries.I thought it was very tasty and would totally order it again.The Pot Roast had a lot of flavor and the bread it was on complimented it well. The service this time was great!The 2nd time (this last visit) we ended up walking out :( We walked in and got seated right away.This time we were there for breakfast. We sat there for 30 YES 30 minutes and never got asked for drinks let alone had or order taken. I saw the severs gossiping and laughing among themselves. They were clearing tables and saw us but never actually came to our table to serve us. I have to say about 15 minutes into the 30 minute wait the Hostess  that seated us had a puzzled look on her face when looking at our table and walked over and asked if we had been helped. I said "no not even a drink order". She walked away and the other 15 minutes went by. We decided to leave and go somewhere else instead. The Hostess as well the Manager were standing right there at the door and I said "this is absolutely unacceptable and we wont be back for a long while if at all". She did say she was sorry but I mean come one why not her or the Manager handle it? Why would they just let money walk right out of the door?I enjoyed the first visit, but the second was terrible and enough to make me not want to come back. If friends or family want to eat here then I guess I will be wolfgang stuck, but when there are tons of yummy choices right there on Craig Rd I sure hope they don't.
2	It's like a Southern Breakfast Place - without the Good Food or Charm. Very Very Average Food, Service was average (which has been consistent in the three times I visited (I thought maybe they would get their act together - no not happening) always some minor mistake. Friendly and untrained, the kind you cannot really blame the wait staff - but you can blame management. Just go someplace else, for the Price - food quality and wait staff, it's a disaster zone.
2	Your standard I-Hop or Denny's style menu.  The food was good and they serve large portions and the price is a bit much.  I had the biscuits and gravy which came with 2 eggs, hashbrowns and choice of bacon or sausage.  I selected the sausage, which was HORRIBLE!  Next time I will order the bacon.  Overall good and I would eat there again.
4	Bread pudding without raisins! Omg, fried with caramel sauce!! I've decided that this is a must order for every time I visit. The food was really great and the service was awesome. I haven't been there for breakfast but the dinner service was great.
1	Great, a resturant right on the corner. Wrong!! The prices are beyond high for what you get. Nothing fresh, straight out of the freezer. Lousy service. Save your money and go another block to Wendy's. At least there you get what you pay for and the food is fresh!
2	If you're in North Las Vegas driving through Craig Road, you can't miss this place.  It's the wannabe log cabin looking restuarant with a huge Paul Bunyon statue in the front. I really tried to like this place, I really did.  Been here twice.  My first experience was the first month this place opened up. My last time was about 3 months ago. First of all, both times I've been here I've had less than stellar service.  I mean, how long does it take to bring water to you and silverware?  I could easily overlook poor service if the food was good, but it was just average.  -Big Redwood Burger:  $15 and it was average at best.  Had it for lunch.  Looked juicy, but it was dry.  I ended up going to Five Guys later that night just to redeem my experience.  -Country Fried Steak: Actually not too bad.  Forgot what I paid, but it did't taste any different than an IHOP or Denny's.  Portions are big, but not Hash House big.  You would expect a restuarant named Lumberjack to have overwhelming portions.I did't want to get into to much with the service, because enough is said on these reviews.  Up to you to try.  Everyone is different.  Just my experience, 0 for 2 at this place.
1	LOUSY SERVICE. Had to wait forever for waitress for drink order. Table was not set had to ask for silverware and napkins. When 2 seven year olds are seated extra napkins are a given. This is Server 101 people. When the food is just OK, you better have good service. Second visit second service epic fail. WONT BE BACK.  AVOID .
3	We just got back from our first meal there. No it wasn't great food but it was good. I had the chicken fried steak and my wife had the pot roast. She liked the chicken fried steak best and I like the pot roast best. Pretty good swap. Portions were good size but not overly so. The service was fine, quick and friendly without be intrusive. All in all it was a positive experience.
3	We are only visiting town and met my brother and his wife here for lunch.  It is not too far from where he lives in North Vegas.  It's slogan is "where the big boys eat" and it does have a pretty good sized menu.  Both my wife and I felt like breakfast for lunch, and they do serve it all day.  I had the chili cheese omelet, which was huge, in keeping with their motto.  It was four eggs, lots of very good chili, made with steak chunks, not hamburger.  It also came with toast and hash browns and I had trouble finishing it all.  My wife had the veggie omelet, which was just as big.  She thought it was OK, which to me is the best you can say about a veggie omelet.  The place could use a little more attention to cleanliness, it was a little grubby around the table.  The service was good, the food plentiful, and prices moderate.  Might go back again, but wouldn't go out of my way to do so.
1	One weekend, my husband and I decided to visit our family in Vegas. Our family wanted to get together to have a great memorable breakfast and my sister in law picked this place. This place had a great reputation with my father in law, so we decided to give it a shot. When we came here for family breakfast, the experience was less than satisfying and an epic fail ! First, the server dropped a steak knife on my husband then she dropped toast on him.  This woman did not even say sorry for her actions. The bottom line here is she could have badly injured my husband with dropping the steak knife tip down. I feel that the waitresses here crumble under pressure ! They are in a hurry and don't take there time serving. What kind of a server doesn't know if the steak is well done or rare?! The wait staff exercised poor skills in serving and customer service. It is apparent that management has neglected to training there employees. Second, it is unacceptable to make someone wait 25 minutes for a meal without checking on it.  Everyone was half way into there meals and I hadn't even gotten my food at all! The waitress that took my order didn't even relay my meal to the kitchen and that's why i waited to the longest for my food. She didn't realize it until after the manager went to the kitchen to check on my order. Lastly, when my sister in law spoke to the manager on duty about why the service was below par and why I had not gotten my food yet.  His answers were less than acceptable. He had the nerve to say there's a lot of orders and so much pressure on the staff. What kind of lame excuse is that? Too many orders is not an excuse to not serve customers in timely manner and with quality service! If you cant take the heat get out of the restaurant business! Dont ever go to this place if you want a good quality meal with your family, especially if you have a big family!
1	I have to say I cannot comment on the food because I left before I was able to try it.  My daughter and I were having a wonderful girls day out and we decided to have breakfast.  We had never tried the Lumberjacks...so we said hey why not.  Yes it was a weekend and I know breakfast is a popular meal out on weekends.  BUT we were in the lobby over 5 minutes and not ONE person acknowledged our presence let alone "I'll be right with you".  I even asked the cashier if there was a waiting list we needed to get signed up on and was completely ignored...some might say she didn't hear me but she made eye contact and went on to go talk to an off employee dropping something off for yet another employee that saw us and then went to chat.  So...while I hate to write reviews...I felt the need to let people know that if you are in the market for customer service...AVOID THIS PLACE IT HAS NONE!!!
1	Sadly, I can't say anything good or bad about their food, because I didn't get a chance to try it. My husband and I went to have breakfast at Lumberjacks this past Tuesday. We were the first people to walk in. I remember seeing one side of the room was completely empty, so we felt lucky that we got there before any kind of morning rush. We were greeted by a woman, and she asked us to wait while she rang people up on the register. One ring up, turned into 2 and then 3. As she was ringing these people up, two other couples walked through the door, and we all just stood around like idiots waiting for this woman to ring people up. Finally after the lady rung up a 4th person, she finally acknowledged my husband and I, but after waiting for so long, all she really did was write down our names, then told us to have a seat, and that it would be several minutes. O_O So we sat, and sat, and sat, and I remembered looking over at the empty side of the room and thinking, 'why the heck are we waiting for so long'. Finally, a waitress came out and asked the lady at the front who was next, so the lady at the front handed her the list of names. I was thinking 'cool, finally we get to eat' (we were starving, mind you, and we were also on a tight schedule). The waitress then calls out the couple that came after us, then the couple that came after them, but didn't even call us AT ALL, even though we were the first people to get there and the first people to get our name on the list. wtf?! We were all parties of two, it's not like any of them had any special privileges, so there is no excuse for choosing us last, when we were the ones who came in first. So my husband and I sat there for another few minutes, and decided to just leave. We pretty much waited a total of 10 minutes just to be ignored. This place sucks. And judging from all the other reviews here, we didn't miss out on much.
2	Took a long time to give food and food was just OKAY .
3	In my opinion I think 3 1/2 star rating for our visit would be more accurate.My Fiance and I wanted to check this place out and try something new so we made the trek over for our dinner before movie.It is a Friday and dinner time so I was shocked when we are seated and the restaurant was dead.We were greeted and sat immediately and informed of the special for Friday which is two entrees for $20 meal which includes a trip to the salad bar. We were given a choice of four entrees to select from.I had been talking about and craving chicken fried steak for a while and was just complaining to my sweetie that I enjoy it however is a pain in the ass to make at home. I mentioned that it is a meal I will order at a restaurant so I don't have to mess with the trouble at home as I find it labor intensive.Anyhow the server was nice, our food came out on a giant plate and a load of fresh bread. Yes, not a dinner roll it was seriously a loaf of bread on each of our plates! lolThe country gravy, mashed taters and steak was really good and it did taste from scratch as they boast.My Fiance was surprised and could not get over the fresh loaf of bread on our plates that came with our dinner entrees.Our meal was a deal with the two for $20.00 special.It is a bit of a drive as we live in the SW part of town so we may not be back for awhile unless in the neighborhood.I was even able to get a to go cup with a refill of iced tea for the road which was nice :)The prices are fair for the generous big portions they serve so come hungry or be prepared to doggie bag it home!
1	My boyfriend and I tried this place a week ago.  I loved the theme of the place, since I come from the Northwoods myself.  That was the best part about the place, unfortunately.The restaurant was not very full, but service took FOREVER.  The menu was overly large and the prices were overly inflated (especially considering the poor quality of the food).We were seated pretty quickly, but it took the waitress a long time to actually visit us.  And then it took another very long time before she came back with our beverages.  And refills took just as long.  Very poor service.When she laid out the menus, the waitress went over the specials.  Seeing that they serve Country Fried Steak, I said it was a shame that they dont serve chicken fried chicken.  The waitress immediately corrected me, and insisted they DO, tapping emphatically on the Country Fried Steak item.  I asked her three times to clarify that what she was pointing at was not chicken, and she kept insisting, "Yes, it SAYS steak, but this is actually chicken!!!"  We should have walked out right then, ....buuuuut we didnt.  She finally realized what she was saying and admitted that the Country Fried Steak was not actually chicken, but beef, and that they do not serve chicken fried chicken.  Ugh.So, I ordered the breakfast special that day, which amounted to ham steak, hashbrowns, sourdough toast and scrambled eggs with cheese.  My boyfriend ordered a big burger.We waited for at least 30 minutes from the time of our order to the time that our food arrived at our table.  The burger arrived cooked as ordered, and my boyfriend ate it, saying it was 'good'.  My breakfast was awful.  The presentation was ugly, because I was expecting to get an entire ham steak, but what I received was a badly cut, fatty partial piece of a ham steak which was cold when it got to the table.  The hash browns were oily, and nothing to write home about.  My sourdough toast was actually burnt to the point of being black and charred across the surface.  The eggs were hot though, and fairly good tasting.  Not worth the price we paid, or the use of the lumberjack name.  I was physically sick from shortly after we ate, for the rest of that day, and we will not be going back again.  I would suggest that you AVOID this place like the plague, and go to IHOP, or Denny's, or basically any other greasy spoon diner because the price you pay will be far less, and the food will be far better.  Heck, Arizona Charlie's serves the same meal I ordered, but you get an entire ham steak, completely free of fatty bits, for $3.99, their service is prompt, and the waitstaff knows what they do and do not have on their menu.
2	Because it has been a year, and we were hoping this restaurant had done some house cleaning, we decided to try one more time.  Yup, one more time..... The first thing we noticed was a big sign outside that said "TWO DINNERS FOR $20.00"  Great, sounds good to me - I can always appreciate a discount for dining in Las Vegas.  Husband ordered the pork loin and I ordered liver and onions.  Both of us went for the salad bar.  Salad bar was good - lots of items to add to the lettuce.  Then our waitress came over and said no more pork loin available, so hubby decided to try the chicken fried steak once again.  BTW, our waitress was GREAT!  She was very sweet and very attentive.  My liver and onions were very good, I must say, so I thought maybe we were on a roll and this restaurant had gotten their act together from our last visit.  Then my husband says, "This CFS batter has a bad taste to it."  Ut oh, not again.  He did think the gravy was ok, but not the batter.  And, by the way, still no veggies are served with their meals.  You have a choice of baked, mashed, or fried potatoes, or vegetables.  If you want veggies on your plate they are going to cost you extra.Now, here's the kicker.  We both ordered from the "dinner" side of the menu, but our check was almost $38.  When we asked the cashier about it she stated it was because of my liver and onions which were not included in the "dinner" $20 special.  What?  It was listed under dinners!  She said our waitress should have told us that.  I asked what dinners were included and she said, chicken fried steak, pot roast, some kind of chicken, and it seemed like everything else but my liver and onions.  Oh, BTW, my liver and onions were one of the least expensive items on the menu.So there you have it!  Definitely going to stay with Joe's Dinner, Sunshine Cafe, and Harvest Cafe (my favorite).  They put this place to shame, and I so wanted Lumberjacks to be something special since I'm from Montana and love the log cabin look with the BIG GUY out front!
3	We had a Groupon, so we decided to try this place.  Our waiter was attentive and polite.  My husband had the axe burger and said it was very good.  I had the half rack of baby back ribs.  They weren't the worst or best I have ever had.  The portions were huge though.  The food is comparable to say, Shoneys or Denny's, only the portions are a lot bigger.  Don't go here expecting a 4 star meal.  It is a large amount of decent tasting comfort food for a reasonable price.
2	Not too impressed, ordered the hot roast beef sandwich and received a cold sandwich I could make at home. Had two bites and couldn't eat the rest... Just gross...
2	Two stars for service other than that not worth it. We had Breakfast specials steak and chic fried steak food was under done and the coffee tasted like it was cooked with firewood they said they had new cooks I blame management no proper training.
2	Specializing in hangover-caliber diner food! If your car broke down here and you NEEDED to eat, this place will not let you down! The highlights begin and end at the swell lumberjack statue in front of the building.
5	I really love Lumberjacks. My husband and I used to go every Monday as a day date. I can't believe it's the same place after reading the reviews. We've never had anything less than exemplary service with incredible food.The portions are huge and the service is fast.
3	Service is good.  Food is OK.  Not sure why anyone would plant a giant plastic Paul Bunyan in North Las Vegas or why they would place a lumber themed restaurant in the middle of the desert.  The place reminds me of Dennys or Ihop - definitely a breakfast for dinner kind of place.  Portions seem a little small for a lumberjack if you ask me.  The biscuits and gravy tasted pretty good.
3	So my friends decided to take me to this place they said "looked really cool" from the outside as they drove by the other day.  What the heck, I'm up for adventures.  Breakfast it is.  So they picked me up and we drove up to the Lumberjack.  I did remember seeing reviews but didn't remember if they were good or not.  BTW you cant miss the big lumberjack statue in the front. Its pretty cheesy and reminds me something you would see in the 80s. lolWe walked in and the place seemed pretty busy.  Right away we noticed the salad bar in the middle of the restaurant.  I always like salad bars at places so you can pick what you want on your salad.  The bar wasn't stocked for lunch yet...and we were there for breakfast anyway.The menu was huge.  Sometimes its overwhelming how crazy some menus can get.  Fortunately we were there for breakfast so it wasn't that bad.  I ordered the ham and eggs for my meal.  It was really good and ALOT of food.  I only ate half the meal.  The ham was a bone-in slice about an inch and a half thick.  I'm never really overly impressed with the ham I've had at other places but this one just melted in your mouth.  It was a little fatty but I just cut around it.  Super good and flavorful.  The eggs I ordered were egg beaters and they were -well - eggs.  The toast reminded me of the cheap loaves of bread that you wish you didn't buy at the store.  Thin and stale.  The dish came with potatoes that were good.  She had asked me if I wanted the works on the potatoes (sour cream, cheese and green onion) and I opted for it.  I had in my head that it would come on the side but it was all on top of it.  The toppings I could have done without-it was a little much.  Next time I'm keeping it plain. Now the ambiance was nice.  The place seemed new with a log cabin feel-inside and out.  Nicely decorated and seemed pretty clean.  There was a TV kind of in front of me so I kept getting distracted looking over at it.  The server lady was awesome.  Very personable and friendly-joked about me changing my mind a couple times.  Gotta love a server with a personality.  The girl at the front could care less about us.  She was just there to take the money and that was it.  Obviously wasn't too overjoyed to be there. There was a huge chocolate cake in the front glass part that I'm sure every customer drools over.  I think it was like 8 layers and looked amazing. Overall its a simple breakfast spot. We all enjoyed our food.  In fact my friends husband raved about the coffee.  I'm not a coffee drinker but he loved it.  It was a nice breakfast adventure.  We definitely will return.
3	Decent food. Very large portions as implied by the name. Service is usually satisfactory. I have one major gripe about eating here...the TVs only show a silly lumberjacks DVD on loop. Which, by the third time you're here, is redundant and unimpressive. Other than that, a nice weekend breakfast spot.
3	Food is great but service is severely lacking.  The staff is friendly but slow and uninvolved. This is the third time I have been here and every time it has been the same..... We get out drinks fast and put in our order, then we wait forever for food to come out and we never all get our food at the same time, everyone is eating at different times and the service staff is no where to be found. If they could step up the service, this could be better than a 5 star place.
1	I don't plan to come back here. The first time I came after they opened it was real good. The next few times after that including this last week have been terrible. Service is so slow. Our table had to wait 10 minutes just to get drink orders taken after waiting 10 minutes to be seated. The restaurant is big but it was empty with maybe 2 or tables with people so I don't know why the wait was so long.I ordered the Chili Burger, my wife ordered the Pot Roast Melt, and my friend ordered The Chain Saw. After our food arrived all 3 of us noticed problems with our food. My chili burger was opened faced with just chili and cheese. The burger and onion were missing! How in the hell do you forget to put the burger on a chili BURGER??? The server said it would be 20 minutes for them to remake it. I just said I would eat what was brought to me. My wife ordered the pot roast melt on previous visits and it was okay but this time her pot roast was very crispy. It seemed it was leftovers that they just heated back up at too high of a heat in a pan. The au jus they accompanied her sandwich was extremely salty. I tried a bite and had to spit it back out. My friends sandwich (the chain saw) had roast beef, tomatoes, mushrooms, peppers and bacon. It is supposed to be hot and came out ice cold. Maybe they took the food from the fridge and forgot to put it in the microwave? They brought him a new sandwich 10 minutes later and he said it was okay. We never got our drinks refilled once. I was surprised we had to pay for our meal at all. With the service being so slow and problems with the food I must pass on this place in the future.
2	If the service was greatly improved, I may consider going back. The wraps are delicious. Having to wait over 10 minutes to get drink orders and another 15 or so for food orders is a little ridiculous. Especially for a place that's never too busy.
4	Had breakfast here on a Friday morning and came out happy and full.  I don't agree why this place gets such a low rating in yelp considering what you're getting for the money.  We ordered from their weekday breakfast specials menu and got a steak and eggs, and ham and eggs.  As you'll see from the pics I'm posting, they were a good portion size.  They also tasted quite good and reminds me of the good old graveyard specials you can get from various casino cafes in town.  The restaurant was clean and bright, the restroom sparkly clean, and the service was prompt and friendly.  Now I've only been here this one time so perhaps I went in on a good day but I just don't see any red flags here.  I guess you just have to keep things in perspective.  Their breakfast specials we got were $5 or less each and tasted more than it's actual cost.  I would definitely come back.
2	I give it 2.5 stars. I want to stretch it to 3, but I really can not. It took forever for the food to come out and honestly... it wan't even busy. The food was.. edible. I had ordered the eggs benedict, the hollandaise was alright, the English muffins were flat and super soggy. However, I did like the seasoned potatoes. Even my apple juice tasted a little funky.. I definitely experienced better. Delilah, our server was such a sweetheart though.I did see they have happy hour specials. Monday through Friday 2pm - 5pm, 2 for $12 deal.
1	The food is Ok but this place is not cracked up to what others say it is. I've been to this place 3 times. The 3rd time i didnt eat due to the fact I wasn't seated by the hostess. Let me make note that the lobby was not crowded. I walked in with my daughter while the hostess saw me. I was standing in the lobby waiting for them to ask me my name to be put on the list. After about 5 min standing there, a couple walked in and the hostess immediately greeted them and sat them. The naive hostess didn't bother to greet me at all. So i asked for the manager. They brought me a lead waitress. I demanded again. I wanted to speak with a manager. A so called manager came out. So called due to the fact he was a temp manager organize the place. he explained that to me. I mean this place can have potential. but that experience just tells me they don't have their priorities straight or they just hire the wrong people. Would never eat there again. It's like they hired teenieboppers with no hospitality for low wages.
4	Slow cook but great food! I had the Denver omelet but I used sausage instead of ham it was perfect. The server was really nice, the food was slow coming out but I'd rather wait a while vs fast nasty food!
4	My family and I came here a few times when it first opened. The food was ok but the service was almost non existent. We had decided not to return because it was so bad. After seeing the sign that it was under new ownership, I decided to give them another try. I'm happy to say that it's like night and day. There's no wait to be seated and the servers are friendly and fast. Their breakfast specials are a steal too.  Will definitely be coming back more often.
4	Had I given a review six months ago I would have given a 2.5 or 3 out of five. Now, with the fact that it is run under new management the service and food quality are much better and I'll try and go more often. My only experience since the new management took over was for Breakfast. I got a Breakfast club and really enjoyed the food. I have had the regular club for lunch here before and gladly the breakfast club lives up to its name. Generous portion of bacon, ham, cheese and eggs.I also think the wait staff were better this time around. More genuine and attentive. All in all I'm happy Lumberjacks new management have taken poor reviews to heart and seem to be addressing the previous downfalls of this restaurant. Only odd thing is that this place is closed Sundays. Maybe the new owners deserve some rest too! But I thought the Breakfast service on Sundays would be nice.
4	Just had Xmas breakfast and what a positive difference new mgmt makes. Service was great and the food has made a huge improvement.  I can't wait to try the "burger bar." I hope their soups it is little change. Oh, the size of the meals are big as ever. Will be back soon. Need to get their website back up to post their menu.
1	Wow, just ate there and how sad. Gave them 4 stars before, but now "1." How do you run out of burgers at 11:30 am? What no mayo for any sandwiches? A family had a club sandwich and asked for mayo, sorry we are out of mayo! Can I get crackers for my "canned" soup? What no crackers!!!! CANNED SOUP!!!!!! Wow. Oh, forgot the 15 minute wait for a seat, even when the place was half empty. Had only 2 wait staff working at 11:00 am. Want pork loin, sorry we're out.  I was afraid to ask if anything else was out. Floor was dirty, food on the rug at most of the tables. What no bus person? This place is not going to last if  things do not change soon.  Wake up "new" owners!!!!!!!!
4	excellent service and food.  This was our second visit.  We ordered breakfast of two egg platter.  Portions were good, eggs cooked just as ordered, didn't have to wait long at all.
4	Gave 1 star before, now I'll give Lumberjack 4 stars. Wait staff are now more friendly and efficient.  Food has drastically improved. Breakfast meals are great with wait staff who now smile and seem happy to be working at Lumberjack. Breakfast choices are varied, quality is good, and quantity is large. Love the "burger bar" for lunch. Like the idea of personally selecting what I want on my hand formed burger. It is big burger. We'll be back!!!!
4	After hearing that they're now under new  management, we decided to go back and give them another try. It was like night and day. The food comes out in a timely manner and tastes amazing. Their chicken fried steak is the best. Their waitresses are a lot more attentive now and are all very kind. I was really impressed.
4	We had a nice Sunday morning breakfast here.  Service was excellent...our server Diane was quick, efficient,  and friendly.Portions are big.  My wife and I got a Griddle Sampler and the Tostada omelette. Griddle had light fluffy pancakes and the banana nut french toast were warm and buttery tasting.Tostada is very hearty and savory and seemed like more of a lunch entree than breakfast.We saw a sign that said under new management....nicely done.
1	This restaurant was my favorite place to go but that has now changed and apparently the new ownership must have something to do with it. I stopped today to have breakfast and left very upset. The orange juice was bad. I waited over an hour to get my food and when it arrived it was cold. The bathroom was filthy. The waitress was nice. A lot of improvement needs to be done before I will come back. There are plenty of other places out there that are doing things right.
4	Holy cow! I was looking for NFCU by Nellis the other day and saw this 18' tall lumberjack statue in the side of the road. This. Was. Going. To. Happen.My older brother did not want to take the 20 minute drive to go eat at the greatness that is a place with a lumber jack outside. So I dragged the old man out to the place for Sunday breakfast.The bacon was awesome. The only thing that could have been better would have been the speed of service. It was a bit slow, but our server was pregnant, which did not mean she could not serve food, in her 8th month of pregnancy, but she was good, just slow.A gigantic lumberjack is worth 4 stars though
3	Lumberjacks is a family oriented place with a small town vibe. The staff is  friendly and on occasion entertaining. Prices are reasonable for large portions. My absolute favorite breakfast item is the Banana Bread French Toast! This is the only place I've known to make French toast out of homemade banana bread. Not to mention it's completely delicious.  Their pancakes are larger than most people's heads and that's not an exaggeration. In my opinion the omelets leave a little to be desired. They are more like egg pitas with filling. At least there is plenty of other options on the menu. Lunch/dinner options are reasonable, nothing exceptional in my book but definitely filling. Overall a decent place to grab a bite to eat or share a meal.
5	Loved it!!We visited between 2p and 5p and they had a special menu. I ordered the chicken fried steak, which I was told was amazing...and it was!! I can't wait to visit again! Our server was amazing also!!
5	I had been to lumberjacks before and it was decent with large portions. I went there for my 4th time and ordered the corned beef hash... it was next level amazing! I've never had better! I now highly recommend the place for that meal. Yum.
5	Under new management and they have turned this place around! The service was quick and pleasant. Our food came out quickly and all correct. My mom was in from out of town so I was nervous about taking her since the service previously wasn't great but we were all pleasantly surprised.Great job guys!
2	Service was good food was kind of crappy. It's kind of like IHOP with bigger portions.
3	Slow service and greasy food! Not happy with the quality. I know it's under new management but I don't see a difference. The quality of food is better at Denny's. The food portions are large. The trifecta is great food, great service & Food portions. Lumberjacks needs to work on two. Maybe I'll come back just to see if I was wrong in my assessment. Right now it's a 3 rating the new manager promises a change and I will give him a chance.
1	It was the most painful eating experience I've ever had. I have five kids and I understand that a large group takes a little longer, but this was just a train wreck. After being seated it was about ten minutes before our order was taken. Then more than a half hour before our food came out. The food was burned, dry or cold. Only one of the seven plates was edible. After they took forever to bring the food it was like they were embarrassed by the service, the food or both that they never came back to see how anything was. We didn't get refills or even a glance back to see if we were ok. They brought the check and that's when I got a hold of the manager. I let him see how bad the food was and explained how bad the service was, they did take some money off. I was more than happy to pay for the food, but they refused to take the money. I just hope they don't treat all their customers this way.
1	Today was our second visit and began well, waitress was a bit slow on the greeting and taking our drink order but we were patient. Diane was very friendly and helpful when we finally ordered (about 10 minutes later)After taking our order she never came back to check on us and we ended up with empty cups. After probably another 10-15 minutes a girl brings our order around, with a promise that my pancakes would be up shortly. We were disappointed after waiting to find the food was mediocre everything was luke warm. the bacon was rubbery and my boyfriends pancakes were so cold the butter didn't even melt, my boyfriend ordered country potatoes that were barely cooked. After eating very little of the food and waiting for my pancakes which never arrived, when the waitress finally came back by I asked her to just take the pancakes off and bring us our check. She apologized and said she would, once we got to the cashier we saw that the receipt said "military discount 10%" I explained to Tamika(the cashier) that my boyfriend was in fact military but that the pancakes were never taken off, she explained that the military discount was applied for the pancakes. She then proceeded to give me attitude and explain that they could no longer give discounts as cashiers. I said I could understand why if this was the service everyone received. She gave me a dirty look and said I was entitled to my opinion. To make matters worse she never apologized and acted as if I were in the wrong. Waiting until we had paid to offer to get her manager.This was some of the worst customer service I've received. We wont be back.
2	This was my first and probably LAST time here.  First off the food is kind of high for being a "upper Denny's".  Well we went in about 4pm, there was only one other table with people, otherwise as I said the place was empty (That should have been a sign there).  We were seated fast, and the drinks came fast, we took out time looking at the menu which is on the high side if you ask me (hamburger meat, vegetables and potato for $14) but we saw a small menu that said 2 dinners for $12.99 before 5pm.  I asked the waitress if the meals were bigger in the main menu since the same items were on that one also at a higher price, she said "No, the portions on the 2 for menu are smaller"  (I thought that is what I said.)  Anyway we ordered the ground beef "steak" I had baked potato and Vegetables, my wife had mashed and vegetables.  Well our waitress went on a break and came back still before we had any food, about 40 minutes later our meal came.  (While we waited a few more people came in)  As we were getting our meal I could hear the waitress telling the people around us they have run out of vegetables and what else would they like.  So I guess we had the "privilege" of getting the last of the vegetables.  Now you may think I am kidding but the "vegetables" we got were about 2 tablespoons worth.  EACH.  I had 3 small carrots, 2 small cauliflower pieces and 3 HALVED prices of zucchini.  My baked potato was not cooked all the way as it was crunchy, my wife's mashed had big pieces of potato skins in it, also our "vegetables" smelled old, like they had been sitting around for hours if not days.  My meat was fine, my wife's was burnt and had gravy on it so you would not see it.  So needless to say at 2 for $12.99 ($14.03 with tax) was about $10 to much.)  Better go next door to Ruby Tuesday or maybe a Denny's.
4	I have never had a problem with this place, the food comes in big portions and always taste good. The staff is always friendly with us and never gets our order wrong! I would recommend this place to everybody that ever comes to the north side of vegas!!!
1	Worst service ever! I ordered a simple bowl of oatmeal and raisin bread. It took a good 30 min. The waitress made no acknowledgement about the extended wait. Then the table who was their waiting before me asked was this a usual wait for food,  the waitress gave a a blank stare and through her hands up with no apology or care. I will not be returning and recommend people steer clear of this place. Even if it was not at the waitress fault saying that you are aware the meal was not in a timely fashion is proper customer service.
3	If you are looking for a quick reasonably priced place to eat,  this is fine. But be aware that you get what you pay for.  The staff were friendly and accommodating which was nice.  The chicken fried steak was processed and frozen, not fresh. They don't use real butter on the toast so it leaves it kind of watery tasting.  The country potatoes were fabulous but I had to pay extra to have the onions and bell peppers added to them.  Overall it was an ok meal for the price but nothing to brash about.
2	This is our second time coming here. We haven't received our food yet but I can say our first visit was better already. It was busy then and service was a lot better. Just waiting to order today was a wait and it is not busy at all. Food just came in a fair amount of time.Received our meal and our country potatoes were cold on both plates, received one egg instead of two and my pork lion was  tough. This experience wasn't great at all but our first time here was outstanding which is why we came back. Not sure what changed.
5	Service was bad.  Had to wait 15 minutes to be seated.  Waited another 10 minutes to be waited on.  Waited another 20 for my meal.  Food was poor... cold and sloppy.
