3	I have mixed feelings about this grocery store, so I made a list of pros and cons:PROS-Very accessible-Open 24 hours-Wide selection of goods-Huge perk: There are hot girls shopping here 24/7.  (Seriously.  My boyfriend thinks a lot of strippers must live in the area.)CONS-The lines are always long.  It could be 2 am and there'd be 10 people in line with only one checkstand open.-Slim pickin's of veggies and fruit.  (Maybe I'm just used to an abundance of freshly picked lettuce since I'm from The Lettuce Capital of the World?)-It WAS the only grocery store in the neighborhood within a 5 mile radius.  (An Albertson's a block away recently had it's grand opening last week.)I can't decide if I really do like this place.  Maybe I'll check out the new Albertson's and choose the grocery store I like better.  Speaking of Albertson's, that's another First Review I could write!  Haha!
3	When it comes to grocery shopping in Vegas Albertsons, Smiths and Vons (Whole Foods is out of my tax bracket.) are pretty much the norm. I have discovered that I save between 60 --- 70$ (The girlfriend confers this is an accurate savings.) on a normal grocery purchase at Wally World BUT I refuse to acknowledge that I'm a Wal-Mart-O consumer so I won't review it... this one's about Vons. Vons is a pleasant shopping experience it has a market feel to it. The lines do suck no matter what, minus one star. The prices suck, minus another star. They have some saving graces and this is what makes them worth the review.  If you like Apple Fritters Vons got the hook up on these little apple diabetes inducing gooey joints. Raid that doughnut case! You can swipe your Vons card @ the Starbucks kiosk and I guess by 2057 I'll accumulate enough swipes to get a free tall coffee. The bagels are surprisingly good a NY bagel it's not but it suffices.  Finally the shopping center encompassing Vons does have all sorts of good stuff it's a nice perk; i.e. Amigo Burrito which showcases the largest burrito in Vegas.  There's also a puppy store. Make a pit stop it'll instantly put you in a good mood.
5	The service at this Vons location is on point. They are definitely very friendly and helpful. They also bake the best tasting cookies I have ever tasted. I still think about the Chocolate Chewies I sampled a couple days ago. I remember a couple years back thinking that Vons was the most expensive supermarket and that has definitely changed especially if you're a Vons Card member. You really save with that thing.
4	This Von's is great because it's exactly the same layout as the Safeway where I live (SF Bay Area). I always find it funny that everything about Von's is the same as Safeway except all the names are different (not "Safeway Select"). This Von's had a great pharmacist help us find the right cold medicine and she made sure went home with the right kind of medicine. This Von's was very clean and organized. And as always I can use my Safeway/Vons card!
3	This Vons is our closest super market, tied with Glaziers....  (my choice of the two)  While there are good deals to be had, I havent ever found that I gotta come back and spend all of my money on grocerys here type of thing about Vons... The starbucks is convenient, however my choice has Illy coffee  :D    Always received good to great customer service here, but cheaper prices and better selection at other places has taken my business... With that being said, I still feel safe advising people to spend their money here.
2	Von's has gone down hill in the past couple of years. Long lines and crappy attitudes and service from the employees. But that's OK because now you can go across the street and shop at Glazier's!!!
3	"Vons is to Safeway as Agua is to Water"So not finding everything we needed at Glazier's (http://www.yelp.com/biz/glaziers-food-marketplace-las-vegas-2)across the way, we trickled over to Von's. We were pretty much looking for chicken, which for some reason we couldn't find any good ones at Glazier's. Anyway, we found some pretty good ones here an sauntered on back home to rest before making dinner.So, from the header (and if you studied your SAT's correctly), you should have figured out that Vons is Safeway. It's set up just the same and has the same in-house brand names.Open 24 hours with plenty of parking spaces.
3	There are some things I really like about this store..... and some things I really hate...Like:  Very friendly people working in produce area Hate: Quality of pre-cut / convenience of items in produce areaLike: Very Friendly courtesy clerks - especially the baggers (most of them go to Sierra Vista  - but maybe I get extra special friendly service because I am also known as Jonez' mom!)Hate: The cashier that works early mornings - Fellow Von's Shoppers you all know who I am talking about - the one with beyond fake white blonde hair and the I kid you not pink eyeliner - If you hate your job that much Ms. Grumpy Cashier - maybe you should consider retirement.  Consistantly rude every time I go in there for stuff on the way to work.Like:  When they have a sale - its a very good one that's worth clipping their coupons forHate:  That a good portion of the time they are out of the sale items and that really annoys me - I hate rainchecks!Like:  They bakery - the bagels and sourdough french bread are amazing & I love their Lucerne brand of dairy items.Hate:  The annoying displays and baskets they have blocking the aisles - I know all of the other stores does this too - but Vons takes it to a whole new level - makes it really hard to manuever through the aisles when the store is busy.All in all a nice place to shop - I just now avoid this place like the plague early in the morning.
3	Vons is so-so...sometimes you can find great products but usually it's all the same. I've found some great items that I usually find at whole foods except..whole foods is cheaper! Never thought that would happen..Since it's close by, it's easy to stop there and get a few items but it's not my supermarket of choice.
1	Vons store 2614-2, located at Durango and Warm Springs in Las Vegas, has four self checkouts.  Yet at 10:00 this evening they were all closed and the line for the ONE checkout that was open was 8 people deep.  When I politely asked "E", the supervisor, if it was possible to open another checkout she screamed at me and told me she was the only person so I needed to "Deal with it!" (Her words, not mine.)Upon checking out, the supervising clerk asked me if I had found everything I was looking for.  I told her I would have appreciated being able to find a fast checkout experience.  She became very short with me and told me that it wasn't her fault because she did not write the schedule!  Her rude response was completely uncalled for.  The other 24 hour grocery store in the area leaves the self checkouts open all night.  That way they are able to provide an efficient and courteous checkout experience to their customers regardless of when they shop.  My experience at this particular Vons shows providing customers with an efficient and courteous checkout experience is not a high priority to the Safeway corporation.Hopefully this information serves one of two purposes.  Either it causes your corporation to reexamine the customer experience provided in your stores.  Or it will cause large amounts of Facebook and Yelp! users to realize that maybe Albertson's or the Kroger subsidiaries are better choices when one expects customer service out of their grocery shopping experience.
2	I like Von's more than any Grocery store in Vegas and they are affiliated to Safeway my favorite Grocer in the Northwest. This Von's however has the dirtiest bathroom I have been in and this is comparing it to random dive bars, McDonald's and gas stations. The bathrooms looked liked they have not been cleaned in forever and there is piss caked on top of piss on the floors. The other issue I have is the Deli. I waited over 20 minutes for a Sandwich because the deli guy was too busy flirting with a girl then as soon as he was done he ran away. After waiting awhile I had to flag down another deli person who just was all pissy about life or something and just gave me attitude about a sandwich on the menu because they were out of Chipotle Mayo and I really did not give a shit what type of mayo they used. Well luckily I don't live on this side of town because I don't plan on visiting this Von's again. Also for some reason Von's cannot figure out how to process a club card after 3 tries. I hate carrying that card around and my phone # is not in the system. Why do I need a free card anyway! If I don't have the card just give me the discount so I don't have to waste 15 minutes to save $4 on a candy bar, toilet paper, and adult diapers.
1	This is the worst store in Las Vegas. They never have anything you need. If I could I would give them 0 stars I would. Their customer service is beyond poor and I am done ever shopping at this Vons. Someone from management needs to really pay attention and either care or someone needs to be reported.
2	The produce is not of the freshest quality and the prices are high. I have bought items which looked fresh only to cut into them and find them rotten. It is safer to buy dried goods, frozen products, and can items. When my friend and I cook over at her house we normally come here for the random quick pick ups. With not too many groceries stores close to Mountains Edge, it is difficult to get the best. If time is of no issue, I would rather travel a little further to Sam's Club or Sunflower. The price is lower and the quality is consistent.
1	I HATE this Vons to say the very least.  They have great produce.  A fantastic bakery.  The place is always clean.  BUT THEY HAVE THE LONGEST LINES AND WAIT TIMES FOR CHECK OUT THAT I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED!  I've been going to this Vons because it's the only grocery store close to my house for 6 years.  For 6 years they haven't done a thing about the long lines.  You can have a great store but if you refuse to hire enough people to prevent 20 minute check out lines with only 1 cashier available then people won't care about anything else- they'll just leave completely PISSED OFF.  I can't tell you how many times I've been to this Vons- especially during the middle of the night (this is Vegas- it's normal) and there is only one cashier working and the lines are all the way down the isles.  When customers ask if they can ask for some more help they are told that there is only one cashier allowed to use the register at that time of night.  How hard is it to open the self check-out lanes?  They are almost never available. During the day they usually only have two casheirs available-maybe three if you're lucky- but there are still long lines. I can't ever recall a time when I didn't see a long line at this Vons and ha. I could go on and on about how much this Vons has pissed me off with their long lines and poor management but I think you get the picture.  VONS- IF YOU'RE LISTENING- HIRE MORE PEOPLE AND GET RID OF THE MANAGEMENT WHO HASN'T DONE SO IN THE PAST SIX YEARS.  Maybe then I won't be so bitter about this place.
2	I will make this review simple and short - I hate Von's and this one has to be one of the worst in the chain!Staff is rude ... and they "know it all".Produce is very over-priced.Meat is horrible - usually bad ... especially meat marked as day old and marked down - this stuff should not be sold at all. However, the fresh meat usually goes bad too quickly.Don't get me started on the bakery! Bagels taste like bad bread - and the french bread is not always cooked all the way thru.Only thing decent in this Von's is the Starbucks.Simple solution - best supermarket in Vegas is directly across the street - go support family-run Glaziers!
3	ITs a bit expensive than most but has a good variety of items.
3	This Vons location is notorious for having crazy long checkout lines. It is absolutely ridiculous! No matter what time of day you go to the store, be prepared to wait 20 minutes at a minimum to check out. Some of the cashiers are just plain slow and others want to stand there and chat for 10 minutes instead of ringing you up and getting you out of the door. That being said, this is a nice grocery store. The prices are sometimes high but if you sign up for a free Vons club card, you can scan it and save more money. Sometimes the store will run a 4x points promotion when you buy gift cards so you can rack up lots of $1 off per gallon gas rewards (this store has a gas station). With the Vons card, you can create an online account and load special e-coupons directly to your card (this month, for example, I had an e-coupon for a FREE dozen eggs and all I had to do was scan my card at checkout). The employees here are super friendly and always willing to help. They'll even carry your bags and load your car if you ask. I like shopping here just fine, I just wish they'd have more checkout lanes open.
3	I used to HATE Vons. I thought they were never capable of being any sort of competitor to Wal-Mart or Glaziers, but alas, I am wrong. Vons has some pretty fantastic deals after you sign up for a Vons card. Now, I would never just mosey into Vons for my usual shopping list, but I do have their app on my phone which has their ad and coupons for the week that you can automatically load onto your card via your phone, and the just for U rewards is the cherry on top. So far, I've managed to get 2 free dozen eggs, Honey Bunches of Oats @ $1.88/box, gallons of 1% Lucerne milk for $2.50/ea., and tuna for $0.49/can. I'm no extreme couponer, but to me, those are some pretty sweet deals. It also doesn't hurt that they're open late (I don't know if it ever closes, but I just went in there at 11PM), and they're right next to my house. Vons, you are A-ok in my book.
1	It took 3 employees to find what I needed and then I had to wait 30 min in line to buy 2 items.. That stinks..:(
4	I love how they are quicker on the phones than wal-mart! Wal-mart can kiss it! and the woman in the bakery was the biggest sweetheart!
4	Here is the deal different grocers suit differing needs. Vons excels in the following, bakery goods especially the homemade tasting cookies and the multi seed bread, i drive across town for both. The deli is a god send to pull together a meal or cocktail spread fast. Nice selection of wines at a good price. Upscale brand goods. Produce not so great, organics very small selection, overall pricey.
4	This Vons any day over WalMart. Ive been multiple times and am usually asked at least once when shopping if I have found everything okay. The store is always clean.
3	I think the store is okay. It is my last resort when it comes to my go to store. If i need something on my way home ill stop therdbut i really am giving 5 stars to the pharmacy for thier work they do. I love the pharm tech kevin and also the two pharmacists that work there!
2	These guys are waayyyy slow!  The prices are.... reasonable I guess?  But in brevity, my experiences below:Meat- Middle of the road quality, but pricing can be a bit extreme.  Caution with meat that is priced "special" as it can be as old as I am from time to time.  The butchers are incredibly friendly and helpful though.  Great Carne Asada.Produce- I haven't had too many experiences with bad produce, but prices are a bit ridiculous.  They have a decent variety, but sometimes stocking levels are horribly low.Grocery- The Just For You is about the only way they are consistently budget friendly.  They tend to pull the age old trick of knocking down the most expensive brand a few cents when generics or lesser brands are as much as half of the price.Cleanliness- Biggest knock.  At any given time you can find half of their staff sitting on the tables out front smoking, meanwhile lines are extremely long.  GO UNION!!  I shop at Glaziers primarily for this reason.
1	The bakery here is horrible special ordered a cake 1 week in advance.... Went to pick it up the day of the party my nephews name was spelled wrong how can u spell Matthew wrong...  I was sooo embarrassed to show the cake to anybody at his party AND on top of that they got the filling WRONG they put choc. And it was supposed to be vanilla!  Wont be going here again nd telling all my friends not to go,here!
3	I don't go to Von's often, I feel it's too expensive, but I'll keep an eye on their sale paper and pop in my nearest Von's and cash in on a few good deals. This Von's in particular always feels to me like I'm at a pick up joint. Dark aisles, good looking, well dressed customers making eye contact and smiling. It's much nicer than some grumpy woman with her screaming kid crashing into your cart and then cursing you under her breath.Be sure to sign up for your Von's card for sale items and if you spend enough you can get special gas prices.I tend to only have a few items so I find it quicker to go through the self check out and not deal with the lack of human cashiers.
1	Scarier and scarier. My visits here involve drama that shouldn't be that common in a grocery store. I see them kicking an older lady out one morning as she is coming in.Another visit for a couple things a man in a gray hoodie and a beanie hat on was following me and when I got to the back aisle he was there a minute later and started "ordering" milk. I guess he works there but how weird that he's not wearing a uniform or name badge. It would have made me feel less uncomfortable being followed by a worker than some random weird guy. Lastly, main concern for my one star rating, I purchased berries and grapes and paid over $20.  This prompted me to visit the store across the street and for $14 I was able to buy grapes, apples, lettuce, tomatoes, 3lb bag of onions, bag of Fresh Express salad, lemons and limes, celery, green onions, and cilantro.  I found out later that this is a mom and pop store.  I can't wait to visit again!
1	Okay, so... this Vons is ghetto.I never like going here because the parking lot is full of cigarette beggars, money beggars, shopping carts are never brought back in or all over the shopping plaza, not a big selection of healthy foods... The cashiers are not professional and speak in slang, or they talk to other cashiers and completely ignore customers...
4	I don't usually do the grocery shopping here, so I don't have much input about the store.   But I am sure it is similar to the Safeway stores we have up in Edmonton.  I do frequent their gas station though.  They consistently have a little bit cheaper gas then its' competitors and even though they don't have the additional 3 cents off a gallon for club card members, you can still earn reward points towards cheaper gas.
3	I've been a Safeway/Vons shopping since i was a kid. Only recently (say the past 3 years) due to restrictions on living conditions and budgets and such forced me to shop at other places such as Fresh & Easy or Walmart. Going back to Vons, i suddenly realize how expensive everything is. The produce and the meats departments does seem considerably fresher then compared to Walmart but nowhere as fresh or as vast a selection as Fresh & Easy. The deli is also noticeably pricier when compared to Walmart's Deli. The bakery at Vons is considerably better in my opinion as they have tasty artisan breads.Overall i'm going to stick with Walmart for everyday items and certain things. Vons is more on the expensive side but a lot of the items i've grown to love and miss are Safeway Select branded items. Yelp 100 - 005 of 100
4	Stopped in for a souvenir Vegas mug from Starbucks.  The barista was so friendly!  The store seemed well stocked and clean and the prices on wine were pretty good.
3	I don't have a strong opinion about this grocery chain or this particular location since I visit simply for convenience and I make the most of it. Because it's the closest grocery store to my house, it's always a last-minute or desperate need of something. They usually have everything I want (except Talenti Gelato, what is up with the continually empty shelf?!) and although it may not be the cheapest prices, it's the cost of convenience. I really like that it's 24 hours and their self-checkout works fine (actually, those lines tend to be longer). I don't like their deli/ready-made food counter though, the food is not good. Oh, I do frequent their gas station because the prices are typically the best in the area.
5	Great Supermarket! Not the best prices, but the customer service overrides it.I will always be a Vons shopper since they hire disabled and handicapped employees as bag boys/girls. Any company that supports the handicap community in this way has all my respect! The employees are always SUPER nice, and they have great prices on their organic section. I just wish they had MORE in the organic section. Not crazy about meat and dairy prices, but the great employees, clean environment, and decent organic section makes me a fan.
2	I try and avoid Vons at all costs because of their prices.  I feel that if you don't have the rewards card, you are over-paying by a ton.  In fact even if you have the card, I never feel like the item is on sale.The plus is that the store is clean and the staff is friendly.  However this is not a sit down restaurant so I care more about pricing for goods I get get anywhere else, more than a friendly cashier.
4	GAS STATIONNothing makes me happier than reading the CNN ticker on TV at work and seeing that I am paying less than the national average for gas, which was $3.52. I was squealing inside like a little girl when I remembered that last night I paid only $3.20-something per gallon. Teeheehee! My only minor gripe is the drivers who missed "Gas Station Etiquette 101" when they were 16 and think it is okay to pull up to the first pump they see rather than pulling up to the very end to make room for other people. GROCERY STOREDon't bother. Shopping here defeats the purpose of saving money at the gas station because everything is more expensive than Albertsons or Smith's.
1	This store has the worst wc I have ever bin into in any grocerystore . I spoke to the storemanager about it he said it's ok , I  said let's go in to the wc , he said he doesn't need to . This guy is a fat basterd that doesn't give two shits about it . I can deal with it, but my daughters goes in to the wc some times , and the have to sit down . If the take care of this store like the take care of the restrooms, don't go there!!I have bin going to this store for 10 years I'm done. Go to smiths on rainbow !!!!
1	I paid 28.00 dollars for a childs birthday cake that was two thirds frosting not decorated well .MY CAT COULD OF DONE A BETTER JOB. When I went to pay the premium price for all my groceries evidently I got into a line where the cashier was having trouble with some customer that wanted the price that was advertised but the cashier couldn't make it happen he finally just paid for what he had and left. I was promptly informed by the cashier that her light was off because she was trying to solve a problem. I will never go to this rude disorganized crappy excuse for a grocery store ever again. VONS ON DURANGO YOU SUCK!!!!!!
4	Stoked to finally find Monkey's most sought items - Mission Carb Balance Whole Wheat Tortillas(Burrito size) and Dave's Killer Breads.  Organic fruits and veggies here and favorite meatless items, too.  Score!
3	i just went in to get a Starbucks.  I would never shop at Vons they are way to expensive.  But My Venti Pumpkin Spice Lattte was delicious
3	Like I mentioned in my tip, this place usually have what I need, but they are expensive.  I only come when there's a good sale and coupons.  Friendly checkers though.
4	We recently moved from South Carolina, so one of our major obstacles was finding the right grocery store for us. I was given many suggestions, but I think Von's is the best grocery store I have found. Their fresh baked bread is phenomenal, as is their roasted whole chickens. The prices are the best I have found nearby and you get fuel points. I don't think I have put gas in my can that was more than 3.10 per gallon.
1	Absolutely PISSED. The lady at the check out wearing a bandana the night of 11/22/13 was okay, for normal customer service but the african american woman who i think name was tiffany or michelle was rude, sarcastic, and completley unprofessional. She reufsed to comply with a special regarding thanksgiving turkeys. I NEVER shop at vons, and this is why. Not only are they over priced, but their employees are getto, trashy people. The only employee who was outsanding was Anthony the butcher. Stay away from this location, they are HORRIBLE!!!!!
4	This Vons is decent. I am happy to see the store has been newly renovated, and the staff is very friendly overall. I have also spoken to the general manager a few times who is very attentive. I am happy to see more vegan & gluten-free options for our house guests with dietary restrictions. The pharmacy here is always on top of things, and provides great customer service as well. I can see where prices here may be on the high end for people on a budget, but to be fair, you do get discounts on gas; if you plan ahead and load up your Vons card with coupons you also get those discounts which definitely add up!Tip: Watch the screen when the cashier is ringing up items, mistakes happen, but I have caught several would be double charges.
1	Stopped here over the weekend to pick up some veg and possibly some sea food.The meat department looks HORRIBLE.The shrimp, lobster and crab all looked slimy and old.The meat looked terrible, but worst of all...There was a bag of oysters, and a bag of mussels, marked as "LIVE" sitting in the case...not in water.  The mussels were open already.  If you know much about seafood, you know that when mussels are open, they are dead, and should not be eaten.  They are not LIVE anymore, and they are not good.  They could kill someone.  We told the kid working behind the counter, and he said that he would remove the bag.5 minutes later, the bag was still there.  We alerted a manager, and *hope* that they removed them, but on that practice alone, I will NEVER return to this location.  If they are willing to sell dead mussels to people, and risk customers health, imagine what other rules they are breaking.One star because I can't give negative stars.  I will NEVER go back here.
5	I always go in here in the mornings and get bagels fresh hot always good never had a bad experience. Great bakery. Great customer service.
2	The first thing I saw when I walked in was a beautiful floral department- pleasant way to start my shopping experience! That led perfectly into the brightly colored produce department with oddly sensual mood lighting- all the better to hid imperfections on organic produce with? I don't know, but organic was stamped on nearly everything, to the point that you had to really look for regular produce. I will say that I liked the clear boxes storing the produce in the wall sections, it made the department look cleaner and more organized than usual.Found the clearance section in the small hall between the meat and bakery departments along the back wall- everything maxes out at half off, and most of the selection is niche-market goods that are typically overpriced in the first place (gluten-free chocolate chunk cookie mix, miniature salted chocolate bars for original price $5, etc), but right across is a freezer section with some clearance items too- snagged a pint of frozen vanilla greek yogurt for $2, nice!The cat food/litter aisle was priced similarly to Smith's, which is another way of saying overpriced unless you go for the ghetto bottom-shelf bagged variety. I have no idea how/why people spend $10 on gravel for their cats to poop on- this chain is wack.The service when checking out was a little awkward. I worked with Rocky, who is a manager. When checking out, with a huge line, I was informed that I would need to fill out an application for their membership card in order to get the sales price- even though I'm not from here (and have the TX license to back it up) and haven't lived anywhere they have locations, and there isn't one anywhere near me. She pushed it, which was a little irritating- as a manager, I know there is a way to simply swipe a store card and move on. Maybe if the line hadn't been six-deep this wouldn't have been an issue, but there was an audible sigh of frustration from the two people who overheard behind me in line.TL;DR: look for sales, regular prices are high, get a card or they won't honor their prices.
1	I like the selection of groceries and flowers that they have. The redbox and bank are also convenient.  The reason they are getting a low rating is because of their customer service to people that use government assistance such as wic. I am not someone that ever abused the system. I legitimately needed the assistance I was getting. I never had any trouble using wic anywhere else,  but here. They only had 1 checkstand that could accept the card (ever other store allows you to use it at any checkstand) and it was never open! I would have to ask someone amd wait forever for someone to come and check me out at the station. The cashier treated me like I was scum each time. They were rude and loud. They gave me crap about the brand of milk I got and argued with me that wic won't let it through ( they do). Not only were they rude to me they were so loud that everyone around can hear them demeaning me and talking about my using wic. I asked for the manager and she wouldn't even come out to talk to me. She just said no over the phone. I've never been made to feel that way in my life. I'm now off of wic and will not shop at Vons.
3	There aren't very many grocery stores near me so it's always in-between Vons and Glacier's, but I prefer Vons. They have a good organic selection at reasonable prices. I don't normally go for processed foods. Processed food prices tend to be hire, so no complaint here about Von's prices. Cashier's are always friendly, lines could be a little long on busy days so I prefer to go early mornings.
1	If I could give negative stars I would! I hate it it's over priced and everyone I buy something from their that's liquid it always gets home dripping because the people that unbox them stick the box cutter into the product I have no idea how it doesn't manage to make a mess in that store and I just don't bother calling them because it's a waist of my time! I only go here because it's the only grocery store super close to my home. Other than that I wouldn't never step foot! The late night cashier ALWAYS has an attitude she looks mad all the time and when you say hi to her she ignores not only that but the manager there is an older man and he always looks so damn mad and I ask him for help and he looks bothered I asked! I mean come on people how miserable are you? Ugh I hope they make a Walmart close soon I'm tired of Vons bullshit!
1	Not a fan of this Von's location at all.  If you want to go to a nice Von's on Durango, go to the one near Desert Inn and Durango.  This location is a dump.  I can never find what I am looking for here.  The way it is laid out is confusing.  It seems fairly small, too.  I will say their gas prices are normally some of the cheapest in town.  That's about the only positive thing I can say about it.
1	The check out lady was not only loud and obnoxious but incredibly rude. She shouted across the check out lanes because she did not know how to verify an out of state license.  It was embarrassing. She made a huge scene. Another employee came along and assured her it was not a fake i.d..Ms. Cinnamon needs to go back to TAM class and review the types of State I.D.s before she accuses people of using fakes.
2	I've always been a Safeway/Vons shopper coming from California. My family & I shop this location regularly but I dread going thru checkout. One of the checkers said something to another coworker in "Chinese" (her words not mine) and then asked my husband if he spoke Chinese. He is 100% Filipino. Wth you just assume all "Asian" looking people are Chinese??? Then there's another checker who I can't stand. She is friendly, but so OVERLY friendly it's annoying and she is so busy talking to everyone it takes FOR EVER to get the her line. She's constantly going in and on about how she eats organic and how she cried when Robin Williams dies even though she doesn't follow gossip, and on and on and on, blah blah blah. That's great, I don't care. Ring up my items and let's go! Chop chop! It's a grocery store, not a Sunday social. (Evil review I know but I just had checker #2 yesterday. When I saw it was her I tried to turn around to go to another line but someone was already behind me)
1	...
4	4 stars merely out of convenience. Vons can be on the pricier side on a lot of their merchandise, but I find myself here 5 out of 7 days of the week. Why? It's around the corner from my place. I can usually find what I want here with no help from the staff. My only real frustration I experienced here was when I wanted to buy The Amazing Spiderman 2 on Blu-Ray (yes, they sell DVDs here). I went to go check out with the display copy in hand and they couldn't find where they kept the actual copies. Their excuse was that the manager recently moved stock items around and did not tell the staff where they were moved to. Other than that, I've had pretty decent experiences here and enjoy the fact that its 24/7. You don't understand how amazing that is when I need to make a late night run for ingredients and don't feel like driving down to Wal-Mart.By the way, I am a Vons member. Gotta take advantage of some of the rare, good deals they have along with the gas.
4	I grew up going to Vons while I was growing up and it has always had a soft spot in my heart. This Vons is no exception. This Vons is conveniently located next to some great places to eat like BWW, Ohana, Tropical Smoothie. Inside, the store is kept clean and feels clean when you walk around and shop. There is staff around to ask questions usually when I go in the late morning to early afternoon. Although Vons may not have the best everyday prices, you can snag a lot of good deals depending on the ad that is circulating that week. I love Vons meat and their generic version, Eating Right. It doesn't even feel generic to me, but it has that tag associated with it. I typically don't have a problem with selection when I come here of things I want to buy, and I don't think you should too, unless it is only found in specialty markets and/or is brand new. I typcially find their bakery goods taste better than Smiths or Food 4 Less and that gets on my good side. Hopefully you have as great of a time shopping here as I do!
1	The customer service along with management are very unpleasant. I let the manager know but doubt he will say or do anything. The cashier Rosemary always leaves a bad taste in my mouth and upset as I leave. She is selective with who she is nice too and never smiles or greets. The store is super organized but I would rather shop at albertsons where it's a comfortable happy environment. They need to hire people who are happy to work with customers
1	I used to work for Vons for 8 years. I went through many service training classes and used to be a manager, so I know a little about service. I have been in this particular store a few times and the service is far from great. Ive also called this location to ask a simple question and got even worse service over the phone from the clerk at the "customer service desk"? I'm not one to yelp or complain a lot, but this place needs to re-evaluate it's training in service.
5	Store is conveniently open 24 hours, clean, decent variety of Bob's Red Mill and Gluten free items. From time to time they give out nice deals.  Other times I don't mind spending the pricey amount they ask on some items. Some of their Annie's home grown products are priced high. If you get the App, they have some the best deals & coupons. Plus it has a gas station.
1	I have just witnessed the most disgusting thing today at this Vons. Came in and was looking at their fresh soup selection and the deli guy was refilling soups. I saw that there was old soup that was dried up and he just dumped new soup on top. Didn't put in new pots or anything. He started stirring it all up, SO GROSS!!
4	I particularly like this location because they are always clean, organized and well-stocked. Even though their prices might be a little higher than other grocery stores I like coming here because they're  consistent and close to home. I'm not driving anywhere else to save a couple bucks unless I need large quantity stuff, then you'll see me at Costco.  Safeway points are also great because I fill up at their gas station and pay less than $3 every time ..but then again that's because I'm a frequent shopper. Finally, besides the rude manager, the rest of the staff is great and always helpful!
5	I like this vons. it has a more upscale feel than any vons in san diego. chatted with a friendly fellow with a beard about yogurt as he slapped on 25% off stickers. most shocking was the lack of lines. maybe because it was thanksgiving morning. Either way, i like stepping right up to the empty belt and cashier.
4	Clean, organized and well-stocked, I give this Vons 4 stars. I'm a frequent shopper at Whole Foods but I love that the Vons by me because they carry a lot of organic produce and products! I love the feel of the grocery store as well!My reason for 4 stars is that there is no organic, pasture-raised, and grass-fed meat. Fish selection kinda sucks too. But overall, I'm very pleased with that store!
4	Never really thought of yelping a grocery store but what the hell, nice and clean, quiet, great buying experience, only one annoying thing about them, i call it "the organic trick" u picking up grapes from one shelf and u find out that it's not the one u picked cause it was an organic product, so instead of $2 u end up paying $9... Once u learn how to avoid this part, small and private grocery store. Yelp it!
3	Looking for a little variety in my Sunday grocery shopping, I ended up at Vons. The store has a nice vibe and is clean and organized. They have a nice selection and was impressed by their bakery section that had a good selection.Prices were a little higher and I walked out not spending a little more than my typical stomping grounds. Be sure to sign up for their rewards card, she didn't even offer to sign me up, just asked the lady behind me if she wanted to earn my points.
