4	Any bar thats within stumblijg distance to my house is okay by me.I've always passed on Panksters Too because its in a strip mall and sounds like some sort of prank/joke store to me.  So when my Nebraska friends wanted to watch the game there yesterday, I was excited to try someplace new.The inside is bigger than it looks outside, and basically its your typical sports bar.  Good (big) TVs and plently of seating, especially since the place was barely half full, and a shuffle board table which I love.  You could walk in here in your pajamas and no one would care, which is great, but at the same time there wouldnt be anyone in there that you'd want to impress, so take that for what its worth.  Pitchers were cheap, food was good bar food (we had the chicken nachos...HUGE portion for about $8) and my other friends really liked their wings and quesadillas.  Plenty of seating for me and my 20 closest football fan friends, a great alternative to the more popular (and thus PACKED and pricey) Scottsdale sports bars.
4	This is a large sports bar and a great place to hang out during the week or for happy hour -- grab some pub grub, play trivia, or maybe golden tee... and watch a game!  They have several pool tables too. Expect a very casual, blue-collar crowd for the most part.This place gets busy if a big game is on. They have another bar in the back which seems to be closed most of the time - I think they use it for special events like live music, karaoke, and poker tournaments.
2	NO AMBER ALE??? NO AMBER ALE!!!Wow, okay. And you call yourself a bar. Your Web site boasts all these beers you offer, on tap or by the bottle. What a f'n joke. Oh, I get it. Is this another prank? Seems to be the worst one possible. I mean, sure, you offer plenty of make-me-puke domestics to satisfy any obese truck driver, but what about little ol' me who's just looking for a nice amber to enjoy during HH? I was snubbed. This place is pretty large, I'll give 'em that. There's plenty of TVs to watch, while you nosh on cheap (and I do mean cheap!) apps during HH. My friend and I split the veggie tray (huge!) and Cajun chicken sliders on mini-croissants. (Good but kind of plain and dry.) The RED SEOX game was on a huge TV screen. Very cool! There wasn't any sound on during any of the games, until it was time for the Suns to play. Then most of the TVs went to that game and the sound came on. So, NOTE TO SUNS FANS: This could be a very good place to watch a game, while enjoying traditional bar food and a brewski (or several).The patrons are what I'd call mostly "blue collar." Nothing wrong with that. They are some of the hardest working people, who are friendly and offer the best tips. I grew up around these kinds of folks. I felt pretty comfortable here, but I was with a friend. I highly doubt I'd venture here solo, for nothing screams "open hunting season" like a young, pretty girl sitting at the bar by herself. And I couldn't say, "Oh, I came for the amber ale..." Blue Collar Chilvary isn't the same in Phoenix as it is in Oklahoma... (trust me on this one)Moving on...Service was great. We had three attentive servers check on us during our short HH stay. My friend and I split a mini-pitcher of Blue Moon for $5. Yeah, I told you this place was cheap. If we had a DD, I'm sure we could have polished off another $10 worth!Between 2 apps and 1 mini-pitcher AND tip, I spent around $13 here. Maybe that makes me cheap? I'd prefer to think of it as frugal.While this place offers TVs galore and even a separate area for games (arcade-style included), I didn't find much about this place that would warrant a return trip. It would be a fun place for a group of friends to hit up during HH (if you're frugal like me and want to get alot of bang for the buckaroo) to order mini-pitchers ($5!), while challenging each other to various game competitions. Will the Real Big Dog please stand up? I can't believe they didn't have an Amber Ale... They did offer two Hefs and an array of others, including Kiltlifter for those who like your local red ale. But - GASP - while the place was decorated with all types of beer merchandise and empty 6-pack boxes adorned the tables with condiments, Prankers Too did not offer any Sam Adams. NONE! There went Plan B... (grumble, grumble)So, no Amber Ale. No Sam Adams. One more strike, and you're out of here!
5	When I used to live in the Scottsdale ghetto, I was just around the corner from Prankster's.  Love love LOVED the place....cheap beer, friendly staff, TRIVIA!  What's not to like?I did have one bad experience here though, but that was due solely to my accidentally double-booking and having 2 dates (one on each side of the bar) at Prankster's at the same time.  'm fairly certain I got caught early in the night, but was drunk enough I just kept denying!  Oopsies!
4	Hubby and I were here today for a FRAG (reef tank geeks) meeting and lecture. I know. In a bar. Called "Pranksters Too." The speaker, who had come in from California, was amused by it as well. That said, I was pleasantly surprised by the extensive menu (someone at our table likened it to the Cheesecake Factory) which included salads, fried apps, burgers, sandwiches, croissants, pizza-pan sized heaps of nachos, soup, and quesadillas. We shared a zucchini and mushroom appetizer which was breaded (in-house, I believe) with something light, crispy, and nicely seasoned. They did not taste greasy at all. I had a delicious and perfectly cooked sourdough burger and Hubby had a croissant sandwich which could have been better (the croissant was not crisp and flaky and he could not taste the avocado very well). The service was very good for as chaotic and packed as the group made it. Let alone all the styro containers of coral frags that people had all over the tables to show and sell. It's like a drug smorgasbord, and there are deals being made at every table. I'm telling you, unless you are DINKs, I don't recommend getting started in this hobby... But I digress. Pranksters Too is a large venue with friendly staff that handled our group very well. We'll be back for sure.
4	I used to live down the street from this place and it was always the easiest place for me to go watch a game or have a drink after work. If not for the "Turkey in the Slaw", I would probably would not have gone very often, but that thing was awesome. Other than that, typical sports bar with decent prices.
3	Not a bad place, and... errr... Not really a good place either. There's nothing distinguishable about this place, but it seems friendly, and their prices are decent. Bonus points if you have to live in that south Scottsdale/Thomas rd. corridor. Its very spacious there too, for those that are somewhat claustrophobic!
4	Great drink prices, 1/2 price appetizers during happy hours weekdays.  Friendly staff, 2 pool tables and 1 shuffleboard table.  Regular live entertainment at attached bar next door.
5	Local bars.. this is my favorite.We made a song about it. "we prankin prankin prankin".There is a little arm movement that goes with it - untranslatable by the written word.Is it bad I am giving this place 5 stars mainly because i can ride my bike there?  trivia is fun. food never disappoints. blue moon pitchers. yay. happy hour prices are lovely.  the jukebox is usually ours.  I also love how the name of the place have become a verb in our everyday vernacular:"well we were prankin thursday night and..."or just a simple text: "wanna prank?"they have stand up comedy on tuesday nights. yes. this has been the spring/summer of my now favorite strip mall bar.i will love that place forever.
5	Local bar does good to Scottsdale man.  Cheap drinks, GREAT CHEAP FOOD.  AMAZING SERVICE!!!  Let me repeat.... AMAZING SERVICE.  I feel like I am at home when I go here.  The waitress and bartender know me by name (maybe I shouldn't brag about that)I go here some Mondays and alot of Thursday's to play a round of free Texas Hold 'em Poker hosted by Pioneer Poker.  It's a great way to meet people and play some cards without being under the pressure of gambling.  Try it out sometime.Also the stage is pretty good.  They have a good blues man who plays traditional blues on Thursday nights.  I saw a comedy show here once too and it was decent.  At least is was something new.
4	OK... so i think i have a thing for bars that are parted into multiple rooms... lol Just like the light house, long horn and so on this bar is separated into the Jester room and Pranksters too.... The Jester room is amazing... It has a full stage... *kinda tiny but it works lol* Tons of seating and a full bar... and some pool tables in the back... the Bands that played were fun, entertaining and it was seriously just a great time :) every night they have several bands signed up to play... and some regulars from what i take it... we ordered some potato skins... fully loaded... soooo goood!!! the atmosphere was great! not to lite up and not so dark you cant see your own hand in your face... i liked it... the waitresses/bartenders were sweet... didn't really talk to them too much... i was only drinking water.. **DD** i didn't really spend too much time on the other side... except for the bathrooms... wish i give a 4... they weren't all ritzy or anything but they were clean, with paper in the appropriate places ; ) if ya know what mean.... i am looking forward to going back there asap!! maybe check out the other side while I'm at it :)
4	I have been here and Pranksters (1?) many times.  My buddy Pete and I would go after working at MDS all evening, and it was needed.  We would just order pitchers and drink, and eat wings, and drink, and eat more wings, and drink, then finish off with a little pool.The booze and food are cheap here, at least they were in 2007 (I've been lazy in writing this review).  Depending on the night, the women were cheap too, but not easy!
2	I have to say that while the band I saw at Prankster Too's Jester Room was fantastic, the venue I was not all that fond of. Mind you, I can only really comment on the Jester Room as that is where I spent my entire visit.I think my biggest issue was the layout. It's longer than wider, which isn't really appropriate for a music venue. While we decided to grab bar chairs and move ourselves up in the middle of it, I'm sure people in the bad could not see the band at all. In my opinion, that ruins a small intimate show. Additionally, the service was slow. The waitresses seemed to get confused and it took us a good half hour after we sat down before anyone stopped by to see if we would like anything. I'd go there if the band was worthwhile, but that is pretty much it.
4	I love that there is a locals place right within walking distance of my apartment.  I've been drinking there for a couple weeks now and I love the good beer and cheap prices.  I just ate there for the first time last night and the chicken sandwich and curly fries are delicious.  The service is reasonable, the atmosphere is friendly, and the patio makes for a great hang out.
3	One of the bars in the South Scottsdale Dive-Bar circuit.  Prankster's is the go-to spot when day drinking at the San Tropez pool just isn't enough - I usually (100% of the time) regret my decision to continue the festivities but always have a great time doing it!The thing about Prankster's too is that you have to have the right mentality when going there.  Don't expect one of those 'looks divey on the outside but it's probably nice on the inside' bars!  This is one of those bars where you can play pool, toss a game of video bags, drink 32 oz beers, catch a local live band, or just sit at the bar and wait - because ineviteably someone interesting will sit down next to you.Note that I omitted the following things from that list:1.  Feeling cool wearing designer jeans2.  Feeling cool with hair product in3.  Feeling cool really at all4.  Picking up chicks5.  Impressing chicks that you've already picked upIf you live in the So Sco area and don't want to drive very far and just want to get drunk, head on down to your local Prankster's Too.  You'll probably regret it in the morning but at least you'll have a good, inexpensive time that night.
4	Nice neighborhood bar. Great bar food and happy hour snacks.
3	I have no idea why this place is called "Pranksters", but the joke was definitely on me. After being whisked here by an older crowd, I opened the door and thought I was at the wrong place. This could have been an AARP meeting! The vast majority of customers appeared to be senior citizens.But it wasn't uncomfortable at all. I played some pool and had some appetizers. Hot wings were decent, but the mozzarella sticks were questionably soft, probably so their regulars could gum them. The waitress was good, and managed to keep making her rounds even though the place was packed.We jammed out to some covers of 60's music. I was then informed that I had seen only half the bar......the other half looks like a completely different place. You can't really hear the live music, the crowd is much younger, and it looks more like a sports bar than a music venue. Why the larger side wasn't used for the venue is a mystery, but I guess having two bars in one makes for interesting times. Just not interesting enough for me to go out of the way. If you get stuck in Scottsdale, do check it out though. It was cheap!
4	After a nice dinner at Carlsbad Tavern, I was in the mood to shoot pool....since they didn't have a pool table at Carlsbad Cavern, they suggested I drive down the street to Prankster's Too.I made the short trip and was pleased to find what I would describe as a Sports Bar style joint.  There were 2 pool tables and a full sized shuffleboard as well as some random video games and plenty of plasma TVs.  I was disappointed though to find nobody playing pool.So, I saddled up to the bar and ordered a Beer and decided to wait and see if a game would start up.  After 20 minutes or so a few guys went over and started playing pool.  I went to the table next to them and was about to rack it up when a couple of guys stopped by and asked if I wanted to play a game of cutthroat.  I actually hate playing that game, but wanted to play and agreed.After a few minutes I realized that I was getting Hustled.....one guy was acting like the sucker and the other was the ringer.....this wasn't my 1st Rodeo and knew I was getting played....so I decided to play along and pull the rug out from under them.  After letting me win the 1st 2 games, I could sense that they were about to pounce and start making wagers on the games....I laughed and told them I was going home.  They were pissed and wanted to know why I was taking off....I told them that I don't play games for money with Hustlers and they laughed.  I told them I knew what was going on and pointed out what they were doing.  They both laughed and said "Alright, you got us....", then said....if you were that smart, then I was probably good enough to beat them straight up.  I told them....they will never know.  Then I left....ha!Will I return?  Hell yeah....next time with my sticks and will find those 2 for a real match.
5	I give this place a 5-star review because of the Jokester Room. Every Thursday night they have a free bues concert by Hans Olson, who is an amazing musician. He can play any song you can throw out at him. I really wanted to hear Me and Bobby McGee, and he did a beautiful job. The beer is cheap, good specials, and the pineapple bacon pizza looked very tasty. I'd recommend checking this place out if you're in the area. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a regular.
4	I love this bar, everyone needs a place they can go in their pajamas and get a jager bomb at 10:00 in the morning with no judgment. Not saying I do that, I am just saying it's nice to have the option.
4	I love this place. The happy hour from 3pm - 6pm is very excellent. 1/2 price appetizers and wonderful booze specials. How could you go wrong? i'll tell you how...buy not visiting here.Plenty of TVs for watching your Judge Judy or Sports, your choice.-will
2	Ewww.  This place is pretty gross.  I've been here once, and hope to never have to go there again.  Their 'patio' area is just a big smokers den - with ashes all over the seats and tables.  The interior smells funky and I had to wait at the empty bar for about 10 minutes to order my beer...not sure what took the bartender so long since I was the only customer at the time.  My friends lured me here in order to watch a volleyball game, promising cold beverages while watching some fun tourney action (there is a vollyball court out back).  What they failed to mention is that it's not actually part of the bar, so the frosty beverages were enjoyed(?) by myself within the barred enclosure of the patio while my friends sat on the grass about 50 feet away.  Good times I hope not to repeat.
3	Such a great location for me and a fun little sports/dive bar. They have cheap pool, darts and video games and a nice little outdoor ghetto patio. They even have live music. I just wish you didn't reek of pee, rank beer and bleach :( I usually show up drunk though so the initial shock of the smell reeks havoc on my senses but then curls up in my nose, gets comfortable and I get used to it. The food is food, and I liked the sliders on mini croissant rolls. I've had a lot of fun here and would definitely recommend it as a last stop on the way home or for a game.
3	I love this place when it's busy and I'm power houring it. The food here is not your reg sports bar food...  its really really good. I was so surprised. Just don't order onion rings... you get three. There are certain days to go into the Jester room and if you glance in when you arrive then you'll know if its right....
3	I've been to this place twice now.  The first time I met a few friends here early on New Years Eve and ordered the chicken strips with fries which were surprisingly above average as far as fried strips of chicken go.  There aren't really drink specials and this place is way bigger than necessary.  It has a lot of stupid jokes about it being ZANY and KOOKY cause it's called PRANKSTERS, like backwards letters and stupid puns.  Get it?  They're NUTS over there, totally OUT OF THEIR MINDS with KOOKINESS.  A comrad of mine ordered the "Irish nachos" which were similar to nachos but instead of chips they were fries.  While he seemed to enjoy them, I personally think that's fucking retarded and gross. Like how Filibertos and similar 24 hour Mexican drive thrus offer fries with cheese and a SHIT LOAD of other unnecessary grease for your disgusting fat ass pleasure.  On New Years Eve my comrads and I ordered some Irish car bombs which, as I recall, were reasonably priced, maybe six bucks each which is not bad for an instant buzz.  Also, the server was talkative, comfortable and friendly which made the experience nice and lighthearted. I convinced my boyfriend to come here a second time and try the food to see what he thought.  He got in touch with his inner chubby jr high kid self and ordered what they called "pizza skins" which were half potatoes covered with pizza cheese and pepperoni.  These, much like the fries, were total over kill.  Potatoes with a bunch of mozzarella and pepperoni can never be a good idea, Pranksters.  I took one bite and wanted to get in touch with my inner bulimic jr high kid self.  There is a reason you don't usually find potato skin pizzas at other places, it's not cause Prankster's is original, it's cause they seem to just throw shit like meat and cheese on anything and call it something presentable like "pizza skins," which sounds tasty in theory. Despite the potato pizza with grease-meat and fat-cheese, we got a pitcher of their seasonal beer for five bucks and it was mellow and not too filling and not a bad beer for the price.  Ironically, much like their pizza skins and Irish fries, the service is a little over kill.  We had about 17 servers come over during the course of our meal roughly every 6.5 seconds to make sure we were doing okay.  We had two come over and ask us if we wanted the check after we'd already paid it.  I'm curious as to who got the tip. In retrospect though, Pranksters Too wasn't a horrible experience, the atmosphere is dreary yet unpretentious and there is something to be said for the charming ignorance (or maybe it's the ZANY KOOKINESS) that comes with, you know, just adding cheese and meat to everything.
4	For a bar with a private party- its a great place. Good bar menu and the food they served as a buffet was decent and plentiful. Nice local bar to experience on a trip to Phoenix.
3	Typical sports bar with all of your greasy dive bar food. Damn good coconut shrimp and cheese fries though. Beer is cheap and food hits the spot after too much day drinking.
5	As a Scottsdale local I have been going to Pranksters Too for about 4 years now. If you are anything like me and you want to avoid the bull sh*t Scottsdale yuppy scene this is a great place to start:-Awesome friendly service-Awesome prices and happy hour-The waitresses aren't Playboy looking stuck up skanks, they're mostly hot, personable and like to bull sh*t and talk to their tables-Food is way above average for a "dive" bar if you choose to call it that. In fact the food is decent for any type of bar. The loaded Nachos are gigantic and for $8 bucks you can't go wrong -They have lots of Tv's and a variety of things on them, mostly sports and they are great at changing chanels to the game you want-2 pool tables and a full size shuffle board-sand volley ball out back-small pitchers of beer are $3.75Need I say more?
3	Great bartenders.  Drinks are reasonably priced and can deliver some kick.  Was there to see some shows, great acts.  The downside is that the "Jester Room" where the acts perform would be a great venue (close to stage, lots of fun etc) but there were continual audio problems.  I felt horrible for the bands who clearly were frustrated.  I wish the bar had a decent sound system/sound guy who was in charge and more attentive.Warning:  The bathrooms are horrendous.  Several people commented that they have seen bathrooms in 3rd world countries that were kept in better shape.
4	Cool Place. Great Music in the Jester room. Great prices and food
4	My favorite music venue in the valley!
4	Common! No one wants your crappy Breakfast! I love Pranksters Too. It is the perfect local dive sports bar. At night you have your faithful barfly's challenging you to a game of poker or pool. There is loyal Suns and Cards fans yelling obscenity's. When Steve Nash throws the ball into the stands during the fourth quarter of a playoff game because he can't run anymore because the Suns never gave him a backup (Thank you Rajon Rondo trade), the Pranksters people start breaking things.  One night about four years ago there were about forty Sorority girls there. It is a night we will talk about for ages like it happened yesterday.  Celeste is a great hostess type bartender to the establishment and always makes me feel welcome. There is a guy bartender (whose name I can never remember) who also makes Pranksters a home.    I stopped by this morning taking my Mom out for the Michigan football game. I am starving and want some good football food. The bartender hands me some crappy breakfast menu. COMMON! No one wants your crappy breakfast ! The eight people at the table in  front of me refused the breakfast  also.It is not only Pranksters pulling this joke on the consumer. (Pun intended)  Other bars try this crap on us while attempting to watch an early morning football games.  Give me a hamburger, a Ruben or some Nachos .  I will return. In fact, I left my Mom there while I do a load of laundry and post this review.     It is now 11 and I can order some real food.
2	Do not call them wings. DO NOT. So overcooked they were stewed.  And besides the small child sitting at the bar beside us, unattended, the place was looking like an ad for AA. Old ppl staring down thier PBR. Okay they do have some redeeming qualities....great bands in THE JESTER ROOM, attached but not inside, and great volleyball tournaments outside. That's where the pre-AA crowds hang. Their bar pies are passabel when you need something to soak up the stale beer. Yes, they have TVs for you sports fans. It's okay if everything else is closed. or if the band is good. I don;t know how they stay around to be honest. I guess volleyball makes you thirsty.
3	After a long morning of fun at Big Surf we were looking for a quick place to stop for a drink and late lunch. Pranksters Too came up, so we went ahead and tried it. It was really spacious inside, and is located along the Scottsdale Greenbelt- I've seen it from the Greenbelt before.. Tons of TVs, pool, games and upside down beer signs. They had a bratwurst special for $3 including a side. Seemed like a good deal, but I went with the hot dog because I was in the mood with the potato salad. The potato salad was pretty good, and the drinks were poured well. I liked the kiddie games they had, we did the claw game and I didn't win anything as usual. Had my eye on the elephant plush. Overall, it was a nice quick spot to grab a drink and grub and get on with our Saturday. I will probably go back. (:
4	I go here with the fish forum and they always take care of us...even if we are pains in the butt. Bar food but still good
5	Great, friendly staff, really good food for a bar, and decent drink prices. You can't go wrong here.
5	I love this place.  Me and my roommate are regulars here (Marco and Ryan - the guy with the hat on all the time haha) and we love how we can walk like 2 minutes to get there.  The staff is great especially when they have Bryan back there cooking up the food.  They have great food for being a little dive bar.  Some nights are super dead, but there's usually a nice crowd on volleyball nights and friday and saturday.
4	Great dive bar and friendly staff ... always something going on in the Jester Room.  Good Prices and happy hour.
4	Great dive bar and great bartenders. Jester room is a must.
1	Service is beyond sub par.  Brunette waitress who appears to be pregnant acts like taking your order is inconvenient.  My food sat in the window while the cook rang the bell over and over and she walked up and yelled "how many times are you going to ring the bell". Not surprisingly food was lukewarm but not poorly prepared.  Feel sorry for the kitchen since cold food and long waits clearly aren't their issue.  Several people in the bar were overserved to the point of a drunken stupor (illegal in Scottsdale).  Fight almost broke out between two men next to me.  Needs real management.  Likely a candidate for the show Bar Rescue.
4	I don't usually remember what happens here because every time I go in I come out a different man. Hahaha. Totally fun place to come in with a group.  Pool tables, darts and specials everyday. The staff is friendly but the bathrooms could use a revamp and perhaps some professional cleaning.  Still it's a place I treasure because of the memories and its pretty rad that on the other side you can watch a show from time to time at Jesters.
2	My nephew just moved to Scottsdale recently so me and a bunch of friends brought him here to show him a local bar that he and the girlfriend could come shoot pool, watch football, play volleyball etc...well....we weren't there 5minutes and 2 kids were running around the pool tables, messing up our games and screaming. I couldn't believe the staff was allowing this to happen. They were hitting the pool sticks on everything and crying when their mom attempted (in vain) to quiet them. You'd think the mom would leave at this point with her  kids....um...no....the staff did seem annoyed as well but said nothing. Then....it happened...she said " you guys better behave or mommy will be fired"!! Holy shit....she works there!! Even worse! Shame on that owner for allowing this to happen. And that employee needs to recognize this...YOU WORK AT A BAR.....not a daycare....A BAR!!!
3	Pretty cool place. Normal beer selection and prices, but never tried the food. Played pool and lots of tvs. They have another room to this place which had a live band the night I went. Seemed like an older crowd having a good time. They also got a volleyball area with a large crowd every time I run by. I may come back again.
4	I used to live behind this place, and it is pretty awesome.  Pranksters is great for a neighborhood bar.  The food is good for what you would expect.  Don't come here if you want super fine dining, but if you want to get solid bar food, and a good buzz, this is the place to go.
2	From early on in the day, I had it planned out that this was the bar that I was going to come to.  It's a nice ride from my house to here, right along the Green Belt.  I was pretty stoked to try it out because I'd passed by it a million times but had never been inside.  My girlfriend said that she'd been inside before and thought it weird and depressing and wasn't sold on it, but finally I was like, "C'mooooon..." and she gave in.Fuck my ass, she was right.  I kind of wish I'd listened, but I'm also sort of weirdly glad that I did end up going because now my curiosity is sated.  When we came in, we grabbed a seat and the waitress asked us what we'd like to drink and we weren't quite sure yet and asked to see a menu and to just have a couple waters for right now.  Before we even got the waters, she asked me to start a tab with my card, which I thought was weird because, I don't know, what if I ended up not getting anything?  She also asked me really shitty, too, like she had some weird (and incorrect) sixth sense that I was gonna rip her off.  Oh, well.So, we were chillin', my girlfriend and I, just waiting for her to come back to take our drink order and she just... she never came back.  We saw her walking around and talking to other people and bringing them pitchers of beer but she, like, literally never came by to take our drink orders.  I'm not sure how long I waited, but I smoked an entire cigarette and listened to an obnoxious and terrible Guns and Roses ballad that was particularly cocaine-inspired (and someone inside turned the goddamn volume up from a 3 to an 11), so maybe 11 minutes?I ended up going inside--I really wanted a beer then and there--and taking my order from the bar.  The bartender was busy and didn't get to me right away, but I understood.  She looked very busy.  I saw my waitress come inside and go behind the bar and I expected her to jump in for the bartender and be like, "Hey!  What can I get you?"  Instead, she spent something like a solid minute just drinking from a styrofoam soda cup.  I had my wallet out as a signifier of "look! money!" but she just, uh... it was really weird.  I looked right at her, and she at me and we made eye contact while she was sucking on the straw and it was a battle of wills.  It was a staring contest.  I finally broke away and lost because I felt weird.The bartender came up to me and asked if she could get me anything.  Two beers please!  She helpfully told me that a small pitcher'd be cheaper and I get a little bit more.  I told her I had a card on file and my waitress was like, "He's at [service industry code for a table I'm at that went over my head].  I'm helping him.""Oh, you're helping him?"  The bartender asked."Yeah," The waitress responded.  She looked at me and back at the bartender and just shrugged her shoulders and motioned toward me.  "I... I don't know."  Like I'm the fucking asshole for waiting enough of a long goddamn time and getting the drinks my fucking self... well, not myself, but from the bartender.  You know what I mean!I will award this place two stars because I liked the bartender and because that was one of the most refreshing beers I've ever had.  It will live long in my memory.  When I'm old and senile and running around the yard like Willy Lohman, I will be recreating that beer in my mind.  "Ah, delicious!"  I'll say to no one.  "What a beautiful day in Scottsdale!"
4	Went for my friends birthday and it actually was a pretty cool place. Has two sections, one for comedy and entertainment, the other side had pool tables. Nice selection of drinks, people are very welcoming. I heard theres another location with a Pranksters so, I gotta go check that one out too :)
5	The best bar in the valley to see live music.  The food is good, the drinks are reasonable, and the bands ROCK!
1	We went here to watch the Kansas/North Carolina game a few Sundays back. Everything was okay until it came time to leave. The credit card I'd given the waiter to start the tab was nowhere in sight, nor was the waiter. He'd actually slipped out earlier so we'd had spotty service most of the time we were there, but I just figured it was a shift change. I immediately called my card provider and learned that my card had already been used for a fraudulent transaction. The waiter that had taken over our table let me know that they would be discounting our bill 50% to account for one of their staff robbing me. I informed him that was unsatisfactory and requested to speak with the manager. Someone claiming to be a "manager" arrived with a lackadaisical attitude and an unwillingness to actually try and fix the situation. I told her to get the owner. Someone claiming to be an "owner" also arrived with a lackadaisical attitude, but after raising my voice to him I thought we'd reached an agreement that nothing would be charged to us. I left without signing any credit card slips and made it explicitly clear to him that any charge from Pranksters Too was unauthorized.Somehow the account for the stolen card posted a charge from Pranksters Too, however. It goes without saying (but I'll say it nonetheless) that if a patron can't trust an establishment at such a fundamental level, the establishment needs to evaluate its own existence. The management and owner clearly need a refresher course on basic customer service skills. On the other hand, though, if they don't understand that stealing is wrong perhaps going back to preschool would be more appropriate.
5	for a neighborhood bar the food is good. prices are reasonable and the service is really good
5	A dive bar with many different things to do!  Check the board for specials.
4	I am a sucker for a good dive bar, so I'm pretty fond of this place. That being said, I RARELY go INSIDE of Pranksters. Alllllll about that patio. First of all, great view of the greenbelt and the sunset and stuff. There are booths and picnic tables outside so it's fun to go sit with a group. I've played in a volleyball league here before too and that was a LOT of fun and I definitely want to do it again. They bring a bar out near the volleyball courts which is awesome because you can grab a PBR in between games or sometimes they will give you a free shot if you have to wait a while to play- wooohooo! The bar food here is good to munch on. The nachos are INSANE. They are served on a pizza pan or if you're out by the volleyball court, in a large pizza box. They are the largest platter of nachos I have ever seen. Great drunk snack and great for a big group. I like to come here and sit outside and get pitchers of Kilt Lifter. If you go with the right expectation, I'm sure you'll like it. Also, I live basically right across the street now so it takes two seconds for me to walk over on the street or greenbelt...star for convenience!
3	Not really a dive bar per se. Kind of a three headed monster bar. You got the big and roomy sports bar with three seating areas and a bar and two walls of TV's. You got that Jester room where some dude was playing guitar on Saturday night and you got that Volleyball area where I think you can only get to if your in a league or something. Had great service around 9:30pm and place wasn't that crowded. Ordered half a chicken nachos and it was big enough for two. It didn't blow us away into nacho heaven - the chicken was plentiful, cheese was real, sour cream and salka on the side - it wasn't piled high, but piled wide and no way the chips were homemade like the menu said. Overall, the tony white board at the bar had specials, but waitress never mentioned the food deals ($6.25 wrap with side). She did tell us beer deals and it was very reasonable. Four beers and the nachos were under $20. Smoking ruled the roost outside and might be a good place to watch football, although some screens on the wall are tiny. Worthy of another visit to try the real food and sample a game atmosphere. It appears to have no team affiliation besides Arizona teams, which is good. Way better crowds than Old Town, that's for sure.
4	Went back for a late night meal. The kitchen is open until 1:30am. Was gonna eat in, but a couple of loudmouths forced me to get a to-go order. I was surprised at the quality of the chicken philly - big chunks of chicken, lots of veggies and a coating of mozzarella cheese on top with quality hero roll bread. The key here was the onion rings which were homemade and lasted throughout the sandwich. Weird complaint was the ketchup packets, which are horrible. You need at least five for one ring and whatever company makes those needs to get a new recipe. Anyway, that was about 9 bucks and worth the price.
4	I was craving a burger after  a long day of bar hopping and the bacon cheeseburger I had for lunch the next day, Hit the spot. I ordered it medium and it was one of the best burgers I' ve had in five years.
3	Nice beer selections, daily drink specials, food is not so great. Wouldn't recommend eating here at all. Plenty of TVs for sports and there are two volleyball courts in the back which are usually occupied by leagues. Patio was recently expanded to fit more tables. All in all... This is a spot to go for sports and if you're not looking for anything fancy.
5	3 bars in one! Outside bar with volleyball courts right on the Greenbelt! Open to the public and they have a full bar and full menu for food! Sports bar with tons of TVs! JESTER ROOM has live music 6 days a week, full bar and menu; kitchen open until 1:40am! Happy hour Sunday-Thurs 10pm-close on drinks and appys!In the Jester Room:Mon- Hans Olson 7pm-12amTue- Karaoke 6pm-2amWed- Acoustic Jam with Chuck E. Baby 8pm-2amThurs- changes weeklyFri- Ronnie Glover and Trio Rio 6:30pm-10pm followed by a band or musical act; changes weeklySat- Changes weeklySun- Sunday Menagerie Jam with Chuck E. Baby and the Allstars; all musician welcomed- bring an instrument, a friend and appetite! 9pm-2am
4	Tucked away in the back of a little strip mall and looking like a sports bar - yep, that's what it is. There are TV's along two sides of the big bar area, and a patio as well. Breakfast on Sunday mornings for football goes pretty quick, so get there early. They stop serving at 11:15 am. Saw the steak and eggs across the table and they both looked good. I tried the hash browns and they were awful. I ordered the Frisco burger and couldn't have been happier. Great juicy burger with lots of flavor and delicious fries on the side. Hubs had the wings and said they were amazing. Pizza was also on our table but didn't get a lot of love. People said it was just okay. The service was okay, not stellar, but not bad either. San Tan Brewery's Railslide was the beer of the month and that's pretty amazing too. Try it.
1	We love a good dive bar. The atmosphere is unique. When you walk in thus place you are instantly confused. Pranksters Too can't make it's mind on what is wants to be. A live music venue? The Jester Room is a cramped little area to watch live music. Cool. But 'tis a dump. A sports bar? Yeah, TV's are everywhere, but I think they were purchased in 1995. HD...ever heard of it? A dive bar? Normally dive bars make up for bad music and out dated TV's with service. Not Pranksters Too. I finished my beer, asked for another round, and waited 45 minutes. Did I get a teeth cracking cold brew? No. My check. Easy to tip on that service. It was a Tuesday night.If you have options, venture down to Dukes. Don't bother with Pranksters Too.
4	This is a great dive bar. It's in a strip mall, so there's plenty of parking. There are tables and TVs everywhere so if you want to watch a game, you should be able to get a good view.Drinks are reasonably priced. It's bar food, but it's decent. Frings basket is a safe way to go (onion rings and fries). Nachos are a bit greasy; I would skip them in the future. Chicken sliders were pretty simple but safe enough in terms of flavor. Wings were better than I thought they would be. I would order wings again.The staff are friendly, and there's a room where they play live music. I'd be willing to see a show there featuring a local band. Also, someone had mentioned the bathrooms were scary. It wasn't the most beautiful, immaculate bathroom I've ever seen, but it was definitely better than I thought it would be.I'll be back.
2	First impression walking into this place was not good. This bar smells bad and is dirty. A good cleaning and basic maintenance is needed. Also the staff was rude and unprofessional, especially the bar tender Kelly. We were not treated like guessed in this establishment but more like intruders. My group felt unwelcome and uncomfortable. We moved a table so we could sit together and we were quickly reprimanded by the bartender for doing so. After a friend of mine commented on our negative experience, things changed. The staff seemed overly friendly and that was awkward as well. Kelly walked over to every table and apologized for herself and gave way to much personal information about how she was feeling.The live music was amazing! If you have to go into this dirty place the music will make your experience more enjoyable.We won't be going back. We will find a more friendly/clean place to listen to live music.
5	I've been coming here for YEARS and the "jester room" kept me here..there's a bartender named KELLY that is a total pro with a beautiful smile and service that is always ON POINT... their live music and excellent service keeps me coming back!Their food is good if you order the "right thing"...bar food yano....
2	Came here on a Friday night and was pleased it wasn't busy. Food was good but the customer service was some of the worst I've experienced. In fact, the only reason I'm being generous with two stars is because the food was decent. I'm almost certain the woman serving us was completely wasted too. All in all, the experience here was garbage and I won't be back here again.
2	Something was very wrong with my food as I ended up pretty quick with stomach cramps and on the toilet for a few long hours. It was either the tortilla soup or my usual, the chicken philly. Either way, I will not be eating here again as this was clearly FOOD POISONING.Beer prices are still too reasonable to not come back, but all good things come to end and this one did in the toilet along with now old favorite sandwich.
3	This place came highly recommended so thought I would give it a try. Pretty typical for a dive bar..clean enough or maybe because its so dark you cant tell. Good size bathrooms. Friendly staff. Pizza was good..fresh with generous toppings. Went there sunday for open mic. If you're a musician looking for an audience of your own, dont bother. Good local band hosts and makes you pay for requests that are only beatles and says its for charity, which it might be. Im ok if they just want to promote themselves but unless you play their classic rock hits, stay seated. Not likely to go back but just because I wasted time with false advertising of open mic. Will say the place seemed safe for a dive bar.
3	There was improvement on the food side of things as I ordered the $6.50 cheese crisp with chicken which is the Wednesday food special. It is basically like a Mexican pizza minus the tomato sauce. The Jester room waitress was being serenaded by the amateur band playing cover songs, but she is probably worth the extra attention. She has the Pamela Anderson look without the sex tape or cash yet.  Boob jokes aplenty as the small crowd of older regulars and tattoo clad patrons listened to the Wednesday band. The beer prices will always be good, but heads up as a squadron of Scottsdale cops were walking out of Totties at 9pm. That could ruin the night.
4	I have been coming here since college, and every time I am over in the east valley I try to swing by for a beer. This is more of a sports bar and grill then anything else. They have more TV's then I can count, so at some point during football season you will probably find me checking in here again. If you are a sports fan of any kind you should check it out because they will have something that interests you on one of the TV's.They also have outdoor seating, which is not always nice for Arizona weather, however their patio area is right on the golf course. It is actually nice to sit out there with the misters and see who comes by on the course.The beer is always cold and they have specials everyday. Most of the people that work there during the week have been there a long time and super friendly. If you go there a couple of times they will most likely remember your name or at least what your drink of choice is.The food is actually not bad but it is kind of just bar food. They do have a full menu, so you have a nice selection to choose from. My personal favorite are the chicken strips. They are oversized and the chicken is still moist and tender even though the strips are obviously fried.I almost forgot to mention that they do have live music most weekends. It's a cool place that you should go check out. It does sit back in the corner of the shopping center but it's there. If you do go check it out, don't worry your not drunk or seeing things, a lot of the items on the wall are up side down on purpose.
5	Love this place, outstanding customer service, very clean and super great entertainment,  also great sports bar with off track betting.
3	Big fan if the atmosphere of pranksters and the menu and beer selection.It's on the greenbelt so you feel like you are in a park. They also sponsor vball teams as well and it. Feels like a great neighborhood bar every time you walk in.Trivia and board games are available and their staff all seems to mix well like family.
5	Relaxed, laid back and never rushed.... Food is really good, especially the NACHOS oh wow super good...! Great prices, huge portions, comfortable, fun atmosphere can't beat that....!!!!!!!!!!
3	Super place for football watching, trivia, and volleyball extravaganzas. Food/Service:The tuna melt is actually AMAZING and I would go here just for that. Staff is attentive and friendly, will likely call you "hon." The chili is good. Beer prices are awesome. Other than that, the food is very mundane, no-frills kind of food. Atmosphere: A strange thing I love about Pranksters is that I can always count on going here in sweats and no makeup, and not caring about what I look like. No one in here is judging you. It's a different crowd than you'll get in Oldtown. Expect an occasional shit-faced tenant who is too loud, harassing the waitresses, and spitting on the floor. It's all part of the magical experience that is Prankster's Too.
5	4 bars in one! Love the LIVE music in the Jester Room side of this place!. Volleyball outside; huge patio with TV's: huge spots bar ..... affordable food and beverage and they serve late every night of the week.
3	I enjoyed the live music. Which is why I'm giving them 2 stars, instead of 1 star.I came with a good sized party of drinking people that would have ordered significantly more alcohol if it didn't take over 40 minutes to get shots... 40 minutes  and counting as I type this review...The waitress/server, is totally inattentive. The only person to come over and ask if we needed anything, seemed to be intoxicated and I'm not even sure if she actually worked for this place or not. When she asked if we were "ok" she didn't even notice that I said, "no." She was very pleasant though, whoever she was. Another reason for the second star.The server just came over again after 46 minutes... no mention of the shots or the food that we ordered.... SMH...Over 45 minutes for fried zucchini and 2 shots... At least I know that next time I need to eat and probably drink before coming to watch a band here...And in the end, we asked about the shots she clearly had forgotten they were ordered.Food finally came and it's good. 1 more star, so 3 stars total.
3	Ehhh......it's ok. Stopped in for the jam on Sunday, listened to Chucky and the gang. Service has always been great. Average bar food. Pool table, live music and bar food, there ya go.
