5	This is one of the greatest restaurants I have ever been to and I wish to god I had the kind of wit and vocabulary to accurately reflect the really really REALLY good meal I had here.  As soon as i walked in, I felt really special, which sounds corny and laughably pathetic but I'm not kidding...I felt like one of Angelina Jolie's adopted kids...really special.  The host was a chipper fellow who whisked our coats away and took us to our cozy nook on the second tier in full view of the slate waterfall cascading down the full length of the 3 story restaurant.  I was mesmerized.  Our waitress was a sophisticated, demure lady who catered to our every need and helped us navigate the wonderfully creative menu.We were given yummy complimentary scallop appetizers over baby veggies.  My sister and I immediately looked at each other and knew this was gonna be goodddddd...I would spell out every dish and how friggin' awesome it was but I'll post pictures instead...even the one of me crying at the end of the meal.  Be sure to read the captions...The bathroom was gorgeous showcasing cutting-edge design concepts which had me convinced there was a hidden camera shooting me for the next "Bold look of Kohler" commercial (in the non-creepiest way...I do realize I'm talking about hidden cameras in a public bathroom).I might have scoffed at my little sister for going to school in a sketchy place like Pittsburgh, but quite honestly, I just need to shut up and visit her more often.
4	Soba is Big Burrito's take on Asian fusion.  As with everything concerning Big Burrito, Soba is excellent in all departments.  It is next door to Umi (Big Burrito's sushi place) in a trendier area of Shadyside.The space is elegant--a waterfall adorns the interior.  Lighting is dark as is the decor--as with most Big Burrito establishments.  There is plenty of space between tables and such--you can take a date here and you should.The food is excellent.  Dishes are inventive (not your normal Asian fusion dishes here) and well presented.  The quality of the ingredients is top-notch (my tuna tar tare tasted very fresh).  As a note, tasting menus are not available--two specials seemed to offered every night.  The menu seems to change by season as well.Soba's wine and whiskey selection is extensive--10 pages for wine, 4 for whiskey.  The service is excellent, as is to be expected.  Really, everything here is great.  You should go at least once, Soba is a gem in the rough of the Pittsburgh dining scene.
4	Been coming to this restaurant for years, before the fire that caused the entire renovation of the place you now go to.   Obviously, I like the food, good quality, a perfect serving size, and the amuse bouche is a nice touch!  The wine selection by the glass is pretty decent.  Service is always great.The bar area is fun and definitely a place for young professionals out for a drink, to hang, and to meet others.  At night, for the late-night menu, you can even get a few selections made from their neighbors, Umi!
5	Soba Lounge appears to be the only sign of life in Shadyside.  Moderately trendy 20-40 something year old crowd makes the scene, and seem only too happy to make room for you.  Popped in here only for a nightcap after our lousy Taco Bellesque dinner at the Shady Grove and it was the highlight of the evening.  I've been coming here off and on for years, and the espresso martini is my favorite choice, at only $8 per glass!  Comprehensive beverage menu featuring some excellent wines as well as the darling cans of Sofia champagne.  As a matter of fact, this is the only bar that I have seen offer these besides Coppola's restaurant in North Beach.  if you don't know what they are, it's the grown up girl's take on those Minute Maid drink boxes that your mama packed in your lunch, and definitely a girly drink, but a bit pricy at $11 per can.  Next time I return, I plan to dine here and I can see Soba Lounge being my "Bar away from SF Bars."
4	This was one of my favorite restaurants while working in Pittsburgh.  The decor is incredibly sexy and the food is delicious.  I don't think we ordered one bad thing.
5	MMM my hubby and I went there for the first time tonight.  Its probably our new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  After they took our coats, we were seated on the 2nd teir looking across to the waterfall wall... We were there a lil early for dinner (530ish) So we were theonly ones upstairs, it was really nice... and quiet.  Service was wonderful and relaxed. First, ordered the corn chowder, and the lobster maki for starters. I'm VERY picky about sushi, hubby loves it, and he can rarely get me to eat it.  It was delcious!!  I'm actually craving more now that I'm thinking about it.  The corn chowder was also very tastey... but after 3 or 4 bites you're mouth needs some time to cool down!! Its got some kick, but a good kick :)  Ohh, I almost forgot the complimentary appetizer that the chef sent out... I wasn't really listening to her explain it, but it was some sort of delcious hummus on a truffle infused chip... AMAZING.  They should put iton the menu :)  For entrees, I got the pad thai and hubby got the filet.  Both were really good, the filet especially.  Probably one of the best steaks I've had.  Hubby gobbled down the whole thing...  but i had to box up most of my pad thai... I think the sushi and the corn chowder filled me up... ANDi wanted to save room for a dessert.OMG.  We shared the frozen cashew terrine.  Orgasmic.  This will be our new regular place, i think :)
5	THE place that I went for a nice conversation + cocktail combo in the 'burgh. Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food. Ahh, Soba. If only all Pittsburgh restaurants could be like you, the world would be a better place.
4	Only went here for drinks, but very impressed.  Sidecar was very strong, but not too strong that it wasn't drinkable.  The waiter had a ton of knowledge about different drinks they could serve.  Overall great atmosphere - young, talkative, fun crowd.  I would definitely like to go back again and try the food.
5	A bit on the pricey side, but wow is this place great!Went here with my wife for our anniversary and it quickly has become my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh.  I would go here every week if I could afford it.My favorite of all the Big Burrito places...
5	Good beer specials when I've had their beer specials for the night.  Appetizers & entrees are usually perfectly sized, if not a little large.  The one exception is the fried calamari - the plate was probably about twice the size it needed to be!The complementary small-portioned appetizer (I know there's a name for that, but can't think of it off the top of my head) is always been delicious.  The seafood is extremely fresh, and all of the flavors are very good.  Attentive (but not at all annoying) service with friendly waitstaff, nice decor, and a great atmosphere for parties sized from 2 to 20.
5	Soba is not only a great lounge but also a great restaurant.  Part of the Big Burrito Group, Soba has a pan-Asian cuisine.  The lounge area is somewhat small, but even when the bar is crowded it doesn't take too long to get a drink.The food is fabulous and the atmosphere in the dining area is anything but crowded.  Multiple floors and an outside deck gives you a number of choices on where to eat.
5	A great way to spend the night.  Loved the seafood salad with soba noodles.   Asian cloppino and the filet have never disappointed.  Would love to try everything on the menu.
4	Only went there once -- it's nice, but not so rave-worthy as other reviews might imply except in comparison to the other offerings in Pittsburgh. Food was good but IIRC, the portions are small -- you end up spending a lot of money in order to feel moderately full. Drinks are good.
5	I had read about Soba in Pittsburgh Magazine. I was intrigued when I saw that Soba was Numbero Uno according to a recent reader's poll. And doubly impressed that it was listed as one of the magazine's top 25 restaurants in the city. With a build up like that, I was very excited to dine here. We had an early evening reservation. The exterior is described as 3 story Victorian. Looked like a homely dump to me. Inside was a very different story. Sleek and modern, with a Zen like garden feel, we were excited as little kids to be lead to table on the 3rd floor near the bar area. I thought the atmosphere was tranquil and very romantic. I started with the thai corn chowder with crab meat. I was taken aback by the color, a sort of dreary gary/mustard. But it was very delicious, very spicy. My BBF had a salad that was very flavorful with chicken and fresh spring greens. We were also served an appetizer with cucumber and pita chips. For dinner, we had the filet mignon and the seafood hot pot. The filet was extremely thick and served with a nice vegetable mixture and potatoes.  The flavor was amazing.  The seafood looked delicious, I sampled the shrimp and they were very well seasoned. Dessert was also just as amazing. We shared the vanilla-roasted Asian pear served with a gingerbread biscuit, Asian pear sorbet and sabayon. We also shared a chai spiced creme caramel flan. It was so yummy with pumpkin seed brittle and vanilla chantilly. All in all a very special evening. Everything was wonderfully presented and service was very good.  I have to agree with the readers of Pittsburgh mag.
5	This is one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh!  The corn chowder and filet are winners! The service is always top notch and the bar scene is great!
5	This is an outstanding restaurant that we would frequent more often if doing so did not require payment of a $50 surcharge (for babysitting).  I particularly enjoy things such as the tuna tartare, and the wonderful fusion dishes that they have created.  This is not a "stick to your ribs type of place."  The quantities are generally not enormous, but then most of us can afford (weight and calorie wise) to sacrifice quantity for quality.  This is not a hostile place for kids, but... unless your kids are pretty adventurous there are limited selections on what is available to eat, i.e., no chicken nuggets or mac and cheese.
3	Overrated.  Completely overrated.After reading all the rave reviews and hearing about how amazing SOBA was, I went there last night with two companions.  We started off with an order of calamari and tuna tartar.  What came out even before our appetizers was a complementary cucumber salad (it appeared that every table got it).  I found the flavor of the cucumber salad the best part of dinner.  The cool cucumbers were complemented with a slightly spicy sauce, which were served with slices of pita bread.  Even though our waiter went on about how the calamari was different than other restaurants, it was strikingly similar to the overly breaded calamari at the Cheesecake Factory.  It wasn't heavily seasoned, and most of the flavor came from the garlic sauce and freshly squeezed lime juice.  I preferred the tuna tartar over the calamari, as the the flavors melded well together with just the right amount of bite from citrus notes.  These were served with house made potato chips, which were sliced thin and fried golden with just the right amount of crunch.For entrees, my companions ordered our server's #1 and #2 recommendations of seared rare tuna and boneless pork chop, and I ordered the wok seared sea scallops, since I've been having a craving for large plump sea scallops for some time.  One companion asked a rhetorical question of why everything that is labeled as "Asian fusion" or "exotic" has to be spicy, which we could not answer.  His seared rare tuna was a tuna steak cooked rare topped with the Korean "gochujang" mellowed out with some soy and probably sugar (that's where the fusion plays in, instead of kiwi or pear juice).  He mentioned that he liked the ginger fried rice, even though the rice was probably one day old (fried rice is traditionally made with leftover rice).  My other companion received a 10 oz. thick cut pork chop.  Being so thick and also pork, the meat was flavorless and dry.  I sampled a piece from the outside edge and one cut from the center; the first piece had the flavor form the char, but the center cut one was so bland I could not finish it.  The defining part of the dish was it's spicy chili honey sauce, as it made the pork edible.  The grits were OK, not amazing, but not bad.  Two five oz. pork chops would've probably done the dish more justice than that 10 oz monstrosity.  Meats that need to be cooked through should not be thick cut unless it's well marbled, and we all know how hard it is to find marbled pork nowadays.  Last, my dish consisted of around 4 oz. of rice cakes cooked in an overly salty "sauce" with pork and bok choy topped with four seared sea scallops.  For some reason, I was expecting my sea scallops to be around 30% larger in diameter, but realistically being in Pittsburgh the only scallops that are available are ones that are shipped from the coast.  The scallops were seared perfectly (but honestly now, searing sea scallops is not difficult).  The rice cakes were cooked properly, but they were miniscule in size and thickness, and overly salty from the "spicy" sauce, which had maybe quarter of a clove of minced garlic, and half a seeded chili pepper.  The bok choy was cooked beyond recognition, and basically became a sponge for the soy sauce.  The few strips of julienned pork was probably 2 oz. meat, and did not fit well with the dish as it got lost in the sauce.  DISHES THAT ARE SOUPY IN NATURE SHOULD HAVE LARGER PIECES OF MEAT; ONLY DISHES THAT HAVE MORE SOLID FOOD THAN LIQUID SHOULD BE ALLOWS TO USE SMALL PIECES OF MEAT.  I was not impressed at all.  Yes, I keep switching between soup and sauce; it's labeled as a sauce in the menu, and it was definitely too salty to be a soup, but it's consistency was that of soup, and it was served with one of those soup spoons you get with egg drop soup in Asian restaurants.For it's price, SOBA should've been much better.  I would've given SOBA two stars, but our waiter was attentive and the ambiance was nice.
4	How have I not reviewed Soba yet?  Well, let me remedy this oversight directly.  WIth this review I have now completed a clean sweep of all big burrito restaurants and I believe have not give one less than four stars.  This is a testament to this talented restaurant group which recently gained national attention by being named a semi-finalist by James Beard foundation for restaurater of the year.  That's it Pittsburgh we are getting more and more attention with the national food scene.  So, I've been here a million times (well, not literally) and was here last on Wednesday for business prior to the Pitt game with Mike and G. W. (not our former president...he hates asian fusion).  The space is beautiful and I spend most of time at the bar where they serve the full menu.  Howeve, a couple tidbits on the dining room.  It's three levels with a bar on the first and third level I believe an also a deck for al fresca' dining.  The first level is beautiful earthy tones, white linens and really comfortable chairs with some bench seating on the sides and four tops scattered about.  The ceilings are very high and there is a staircase in the middle of the room.  The top floor has very nice wood floors and a small wood bar.  The lighting is intimate and flattering.  The bar itself is pretty large with bench seating on the sides and nice comfy leather chairs for lounging.  I believe the doors open up to the sidewalk in the summer.  The service is always adequate, but not necessarily friendly I'd say. I usually get this bald fellow who is nice enough, but probably wouldn't engage in conversation if I was by myself.  One small complaint is that they tend to keep the bar really dark, which I like if I'm trying to hide in the corners while I drink away my concerns, but if I'm on a date I'd prefer a little more light.  The menu seems to me to not change that frequently and I rarely hear them offer features not already on the menu.  I guess it's because I've been here so often, but I wish they had more options.  We started Wednesday with korean barbecue ribs, chicken spring rolls and calamari.  The barbecue ribs were probably the best thing I had there all night.  They were well seasoned, fall off the bone and a healthy portion for only $9.  The chicken spring rolls were forgettable and the calamari was just "ok".  It was served lightly breaded, but lacked any real flavor.  We all drank relatively reasonably priced wine for under $10 a glass.  G. W. and I ordered the seared rare tuna, which is a very healthy portion of fresh quick seared good quality tuna with a sesame seed coating.  It's served with house made kim chi (really spicy) and ginger fried rice.  It's a safe choice and probably the most popular entree on the menu.  Mike had the seafood hot pot, and I think he was the winner with best entree' choice.  It was a delicious curry broth served with rice on the side overflowing with mussels (fresh), scallops (cooked perfectly) shrimp and I thinkI may have even have tasted sausage.  We skipped dessert.  This is a good place for some drinks and even a nice meal, especially if you don't come here often.  Congrat's again big burrito group for the James Beard nom.
5	this place is to DIE for! looooved the food and overall atmosphere. very kind weight staff.
2	I don't see the big deal about Soba Lounge. I thought the food was only okay, and I didn't like all of the flavors overpowering each other. The ambience is really nice, and the servers are friendly, but the food was just alright for me.
4	First a warning, the parking lot will most likely be full, because it's not just for Soba. See a parking space on the street? Take it.Soba is a beautiful restaurant and lives up to the Big restaurant group expectations of unique flavors. The sushi is great, but if it was anything less than great I'd be worried about Soba. The grilled salmon was cooked perfectly with a wonderful coconut Thai sauce. The staff is very courteous, but I had a creeping feeling they were all "egh a bunch of 22 year olds just walked in and they don't belong here."We'll have to come back for drinks and dessert one day.
4	So far, this is the closest that I have been able to come to a meal in Pittsburgh that even resembles a meal in San Francisco.  Open Table for my reservation....check.Found plenty of free street parking on a Sunday eve....check.Plenty of seating available for a 6pm reservation....check.Didn't know they had a patio!  Beautiful upstairs setting for a warm summer evening.  It appears they also have a gas heater on the patio for chilling nights of dining as well.  I started with a chopped salad.....very San Francisco....mango, cucumber, papaya, mint, avocado, cashews and a miso dressing.  The waitress brought over, "complements of the kitchen", a yellow/orange saucy cucumber sampling with pita squares.  Not bad for just a taste.  I ordered the Alaskan Halibut which was amazing.  Not the absolute best I've ever had, but it was pretty high up there on the list....especially in a city where fried foods are the norm.  And there was plenty on my plate to fill me up...no room for dessert.I would definitely return, especially if entertaining out-of-towners.
4	I have only eaten a full meal in the dining room once; but I have ordered appetizers and drinks in the comfortable bar area more than a handful of times. On the occasion of the dinner, a dining companion's seared rare tuna was really excellent; I'd recommend ordering that. As for appetizers, I like the lobster maki and the crispy tofu. They also have a great wine list and some good cocktails (I enjoy the plum sangria). In all, first class food, drinks, service and decor. Now if they could just do something about all the pretentious people who flood the place...
4	I need to return to Soba for entrees; this review is for pretty much everything else on the menu--small plates, drinks, and dessert. Three of us went through four small plates slowly, and with the apt guidance of our patient and chipper waiter. It was nice not to be rushed, even though we intended to graze through the meal. The tuna tartare was conventional, but tasty, and the lobster maki's lobster was hard to taste or even find. However, the short rib buns--wow. Short ribs are everywhere lately--thanks, Top Chef--but I'd eat these every day, as their richness and warmth was balanced brightly by pickled cucumber and cilantro. We washed these plates down with cocktails: I'd highly recommend mine, which had amaretto, sake, and coconut milk and tasted like a cool, smooth cookie. We then split two desserts with dessert wine and sherry to match. The chocolate maki had us licking our fingers.I'm not totally sold on the originality of the menu, but it sure tasted good. Next up: Casbah!
5	Finally went to this restaurant, now I understand the hype!  I loved what I had ordered.  The Thai corn chowder is awesome -so flavorful.  The flat bread with hummus - delicious (the hummus had a citrus taste to it).  The avocado maki roll was also great.  Service was excellent.  We sat outside on the balcony - beautiful and comfortable.
4	I love Soba. I started off with their signature dirty martini.  They make it with this fancy pickle juice and Hendricks gin.  Lucky for Soba I moved to solid foods after two of those on an empty stomach.  I slurred my dinner order of the pork belly, crispy tofu, lobster maki rolls, and Thai corn chowder-all fantastic. The pork belly was topped with brown sugar crumble and cooked with honey. It was amazing.  For dessert I had the pumpkin ice cream sandwiches.  I washed all of that down with two Ketel One and sodas and stumbled out of the restaurant fat and happy.  Sadly, our car was broken into in the parking lot and my friend's laptop was stolen and his window broken.  I told the bartender just in case the employees park there as well.  He was genuinely sympathetic but not entirely surprised.  Based on what the police officer said, it was the second one tonight.  She also said there is at least one of these a day in that lot or around the restaurant on the street. I think Soba may need to invest in a part time parking lot attendant to protect their customers.
4	I was recommended this restaurant by a friend a year ago and I loved it when I first went. It is dimly lit and has a very romantic ambiance. The seared tuna, made medium-rare, was warm and crunchy on the outside due to the sesame encrusted skin but still retained a nice, raw non-fishy tuna taste on the inside. The drinks are also fairly priced. Especially a year ago, if I remember correctly, it was around ~$65 for Moet Champagne which was very cheap so we ended up getting two which I guess helped the night go by easier. The lounge got busier and more vibrant as our Friday night went on at Soba Lounge. If I reviewed it last year, I would've given this restaurant five stars.Impressed with my experience the first time, I went back again last Wednesday night. I still made a reservation on opentable but it was completely unnecessary since the restaurant was pretty empty. If that's the case I recommend you asking to be seated by the waterfall on the first floor. A bottle of Moet went up to $87 so I decided not to get it this time and moved straight to the food.I began the meal this time with calamari, followed by the tuna again with the bronzini (sea bass) for myself and ended the meal with a light honeycrisp apple pudding cake dessert. I'm not quite sure what the sauce was for the calamari but it didn't go quite well with the oversized fried squid. They were not bite-sized and I've never had to cut calamari before. Even though the restaurant wasn't very busy, I was surprised the chef was still able to undercook the ginger rice accommodating the Tuna dish to an inedible level. The waiter apologized and don't get me wrong, there was great service, but I still ended up paying full fare for half a meal. For that I had to drop the restaurant down one star.There's a parking lot available right next to the restaurant but spaces are limited. Street parking around the neighborhood shouldn't be too hard to find too.
3	ANOTHER GOOD EATERY FROM THE BIG BURRITO GROUP.We went to celebrate my bros girlfriends b-day. BECAUSE if you sign up for the big burrito birthday club you get a yearly $30 birthday voucher for most of the big burrito restaurants!!! Any who...this place has a high end warm feeling. Menu had alot to choose from in the way of Asian fusion. We tried the calamari which was good. Chopped salad was refreshing but not everyone at the table liked it. I had scallops - large and well cooked. Dessert was show only. The cashew terrine was so so. I would love to try more of the small plates. I felt the entire place was good enough to visit again.
4	Food: 5 stars.Service: 3 stars.Like others have said, Soba is by far my favorite of the Big Burrito Group.  The space is very unique with a dark ambiance of stone, wood and water.The best part of our experience was the food.  We started off with the Crispy Tofu small plate.  This was far from small and was a lovely pile of fried tofu in a pad thai-like sauce which featured some good green onion and black pepper.We then moved on to our entrees.  I had a very generous portion of short rib.  It was a very slow cooked, tender (but not too fatty) short rib atop a bed of roasted fingerling potatoes, sweet potatoes and carrots all topped by a lovely korean-like barbecue sauce and peanuts.  WOW!My partner had a very tasty Hedgehog Mushroom, Rice Cake Noodle, Basil, Apple combination.  She is vegetarian and noted that Soba had some of the best and most original vegetarian options she has seen in Pittsburgh.Lastly, the lower points of the meal.  The wine list, while somewhat extensive, was rather ho-hum and a bit overpriced on the low end (more moderate on the high-end).  Wines by the glass were a mediocre pour.  The service also left some to be desired.  When it became somewhat obvious we weren't going to throw down more than $100, our server became elusive and rather short with us when he did show his face.  In addition to his lukewarm, standoffish nature he did not offer any recommendations and his familiarity with the wine list seemed to be marginal at best.  Anyhow, he didn't ruin the meal and I can't wait to go back and have good service so I can rate this place the 5 stars it deserves!
4	There have only been two superb fusion restaurants that I have been to in the world. There have been quite a few that were average and some that down right stunk. The problem with most fusion places that they rely on the principal that the sum will equal more than the parts and therefore, the parts do not have to be that good to begin with. Unfortunately Soba falls in that category.For example the corn fritters we had, if you tried the fritters on their own they were barely passable, greasy, falling apart and not much flavor - a virtual fritter failure, however you wrap that mess in the bibb lettuce, put on a basil leaf and dip it in the sauce chili-soy sauce and all of a sudden it becomes a tasty little snack. But I still have to ask would this dish not be better if ALL the components were excellent? The Thai corn chowder tasted good, but had a funny mouth appeal, grainy and lumpy at the same time and didn't look appetizing brownish yellow. We eat with our eyes, nose, taste and tactile feel so while this tasted good it didn't do so well on the other requirements.The mushroom and spinach dumplings were actually very blah, relying on the red pepper dipping sauce for their flavor. However the chopped salad was excellent, so all is not dismal at Soba.I could go on but you get the idea. The place is expensive for what you get, they should pay more attention to the parts, master making them correctly before you try fusing it into another cuisine to cover up your mistakes. Overall most people are not as picky as I am, we tried, it was good with some problems, problems that should not have been there at their price point.3.5 stars
4	Over the past 4 years or so, my rating for Soba has regularly swung between 3-4 stars. Because my experiences during recent visits have been positive, I am hoping that the 4 stars will stick this time.One of Soba's consistent strengths is its ambiance. It offers a swank, contemporary atmosphere (and, unsurprisingly, with an Asian feel). The lighting is soft and pleasing -- great for romantic dinners, but still appropriate for business meals as well. The menu also reflects a contemporary but Asian influenced theme. The dishes are a little less innovative than Tamari's, but they are generally well thought-out and well prepared. I especially recommend the beef short ribs (strong and complex flavors) and the fillet mignon (super tender and juicy). The kitchen sometimes seem to have temperature control problems. I have had disappointing seared tunas (over done) and on a recent visit, my "medium rare" fillet would probably be considered "very rare" by most restaurants in Pittsburgh.The dessert is overpriced, but I have a special soft spot for the perennial chocolate maki.
4	It is difficult to deliver bad news to anyone--delivering it to your best friend is even tougher--and delivering news that will make your best friend think you are a d__k is the worst.  That would be my discussion last night regarding a job interview.  At times like these, it's best to do it over a good meal.  It makes everything more, well, civilized.Went to Soba at the recommendation of a friend from San Diego.  Soba is a very upscale hipster restaurant that could hold it's own in any city in America.  I had the mussels appetizer for dinner--it's a fairly substantial bowl with about 20 black-lipped mussels in a green curry (?) sauce with dried (small) soba noodles and some yummy vegetables.  Can't say enough good things.  Oh, and it was $9.  Can't beat that, can you?
4	Like the other Big Burrito group restaurants, this restaurant features excellent food. Sat at the bar and enjoyed wine, a seafood dinner, and dessert. Fairly fancy although you can get away with wearing jeans.
5	I've been impressed with all of the Big Burrito restaurant group and so far my favorite is Soba. The interior is a lot nicer than the exterior space. I've driven down Ellsworth a million times and would not have imagined zen/dark themed interior restaurant (especially with their obnoxiously loud yellow, caps, bold exterior signage that says SOBA on moss green wall).My husband and I shared a sake, lobster maki, seared tuna w/ kimchi, and scallop udon. All yum. We were also surprised by the generous entree portions. What made my experience at Soba so great was the dessert menu. As much as I love dessert and sweets, I typically do not like a lot of ingredients used for desserts (ie. nuts, chocolates, raisin, certain fruits, cinnamon, & other spices). But when I saw their dessert menu, I craved almost all of them. Although my husband and I usually share one dessert, we decided on two. We had the cream brulee and dark chocolate mousse maki. Both were ridiculously scrumptious.
5	By far the best meal I had during my four night stay in PIT.  Dinner kicked off with some ridiculously good Pork Belly Buns.  Sandwiched in the folded Chinese steamed bun were fresh cilantro, two flavorful, tender slices of pork belly, and a slathering of  hoisin BBQ sauce that was both tangy and savory.  If you consider these the Asian version of a White Castle slider, then go ahead and put me down for a Crave Case.  For my entree I had the Chili-Miso Black Cod.  Our waitress mentioned this was a fairly new addition to the menu, and, from what my stomach tells me, it's going to be on that menu for quite some time.  The black cod was delicate and delicious.  The rice cake noodles were like an Asian-style gnocchi, and their slight firmness provided a nice textural change to the black cod.  The sauce itself was flavorful, only slightly spicy, and included little shreds of pork and pine nuts to add to the flavor profile.  Dinner ended well with the Frozen Cashew Terrine.  The layers of chocolate ganache and candied cashews balanced well with the mango and raspberry coulis.  The interior itself was dimly lit and had a modern Asian vibe.  The wait staff was also very friendly and made some great recommendations.  If I'm ever back in PIT, Soba immediately jumps to number one on my dinner list.
4	This is a good restaurant, one of the best Big Burrito spots... love the small plates and the idea of being able to grab a drink at some small bites in the bar. The pork dumplings and the the vinegar sauce... to die for!!!  They have a nice happy hour M-F as well.  Good cocktails.I think many entrees are overpriced, but they are good.  But $24 for a chicken ramen dish... I still get it because it's excellent, but even restaurants in San Francisco and NYC don't charge this much for such a dish.  The Bronzini dish is always excellent and they try to add a few other tasty specials in from time to time... but in my opinion the menu doesn't change too often.  It's a good place to go when you want to get exactly what you want... meaning, whatever you had on the menu last time will probably still be on the menu.
5	I am giving Soba 5 stars for the experience I had there, even though I'm not quite sure the food deserves the whole 5 stars (Maybe 4.5)My boyfriend and I came here for our anniversary. We are poor college students we got dressed up for our special dinner. We ordered several small plates: the Indonesian corn fritter wrap, the spicy tuna maki, the chicken and vegetable spring rolls, the korean barbecue ribs, and... something else! The ribs were probably the best, and the corn fritter and tuna maki were also great. I was disappointed by the spring rolls - they were of good quality, but they were somewhat bland, and I expect a little more at a place (and a price!) like this. For dessert we had the vanilla-poached peach with raspberry granita, coconut tapioca and brown sugar-barley crisps - this was fabulous! The combination of textures and flavors was superb. This appears to no longer be on the menu.The real treat of the evening was the service we got from our waiter. We wanted to order sake, but we are sake noobs and had no idea where to start. Our waiter brought us a tasting tray of three very different sakes, all of which were delicious. We made a decision, ordered a carafe, and settled down to eat and drink and, uh, gaze lovingly into each other's eyes. As we were finishing our small plates, the waiter sidled up to our table and replaced our empty carafe with a full one, winking at us and saying "Will you look at that!" We were very pleased with our experience at Soba and it made a great anniversary dinner.
4	I ate here 3 days ago and I'm still thinking about it!  Excellent service, decor, ambiance, etc.  Excellent food.  I'm craving the scallop soba noodles I had.  And of course...CHOCOLATE MAKI ROLL!*sigh*This place loses 1 star because I can't afford to go here as much as I'd like.
4	I have always bee a fan of the big burrito restaurants. My boyfriend and i have been there 4 times and each time it has been amazing. the decor is excellent and its dark and even romantic. they also have a hip bar with couches and they open it up during the summerDuring certain holidays they have the chefs tasting  menu which has 4 courses. My boyfriend got that during their thanksgiving special and he LOVED IT!!!!!  I have gotten the spinach and mushroom dumplings as a starter  a couple of times and they were amazing the pepper dipping sauce was soo delicious. for my entree i got the red curry tofu and the flavors were amazing. it was very filling and all the vegetables blended well. for desert i got the caramel bomb and it was DELISH!!!! I ve had the vegetarian pad thai on a different occasion and that was pretty amazing too. They dont have too many vegetarian options i kind of wish they did.  They have a great wine and cocktail selection too. For non vegetarians the chefs tasting options they have every once in a while are amazing!!
4	Went there on a weekday night around 10pm. The restaurant was already closed so we sat in the bar area. The music was nice but the drunk people siting near the window were quite noisy. I wish they could have a separated quieter area.We ordered some desserts and those are incredible. Very delicious, big portion ( can easily be shared by two people) and inexpensive ($6-8).One of the two desserts that we ordered was the chocolate maki. It has chocolate maki roll pieces (hard chocolate wrap and chocolate mousse filling), chocolate sauce as the soy sauce and pistachio sauce as wasabi. Very nice presentation and great taste, although it's a little big heavy. You might want to share it with another person.Another one was the banana split. It has two banana halves covered by crispy sugar coating, three different kinds of ice cream and a banana cake. Very tasty, and each piece has a different contradictory flavor. Highly recommend it.
4	The food is really good here, I always get the calamari! I would stay away from the lobster rolls though.The atmosphere is really awesome, I usually like to sit by the bar... usually in one of the comfy couch/chairs. The lighting sets the mood, and they have a TV which is good for when you want to keep an eye on the game but not be completely absorbed with it.They make awesome drinks, and the service is pretty good.Great place to bring a date or come with a buddy to get a drink and an appetizer before heading out on the town.
3	After several incredible experiences at UMI, I decided to give Soba (next door) a shot. The design of the place is awesome. Definite 5 star for ambiance; unfortunately the food did not fair as well.chicken and vegetable springrolls: hot mustard sauce, nuoc chom- these were tasty but the description fails to mention that they are fried and a bit too oily. The nuoc chom sauce that accompanied the dish was possibly the highlight of the meal. Like a very light sweet and sour.The hot mustard was passable but nothing specialcalamari: chilies, toasted garlic, mint, uni emulsion-I was hoping for a raw or lightly grilled calamari presentation, I guess I should have asked. Again, soba fails to mention these are fried.  As fried calamari go..these were delicious. The uni emulsion was more of an uni-mayo sauce..and the chilies/toasted garlic/mint sprinkled along side added some great flavor. wild barramundi: sushi rice cake, summer vegetable ratatouille, ssam jang, thai basil-I liked the flavor of the fish, the rice cake and vegetable ratatoille, however; they were all too oily. I'd like a light sear on the fish, but this was like a deep pan fry on one side. Veggies were a bit to oily as well. The ssam jang was too vinnegary in my opinion. vegetarian pad thai: zucchini, green beans, bok choy, tofu, peanuts,mung bean sprouts, cilantro-rather bland and again absolutely soaked in oil. Service was acceptable, but nothing special. Overall, I much, much prefer UMI and can't wait until Mr. Shu get's back from vacation. I probably won't be back to Soba, I'll opt for Tamari if I'm in a fusion mood.
4	Fusion is difficult to pull off well.  Have you ever noticed that "Fusion" almost always involves East Asian food and American cuisine.  Thai corn chowder?  Are they really going crazy for corn chowder in Chang Mai?You never find, say, Mexican-Moroccan or  Ethiopian-Brazilian fusion places.  That would be really inventive.  Instead, with Soba, you have another pan Asian-American Fusion joint, although I don't think I've been to a better one.The mussels are incredible, a meal in themselves, and a bargain at $9.  I had the chopped salad, with fresh mango, avocado, mint, and just a hint of spice.  The best meal I've had here was the mussels, followed by the tuna.  The crabcakes are also good, made with lump crabmeat.  If you feel like something vaguely Asian, but not too Asian (ex: kimchee pancakes), you won't find a better option.  But if you want something truly original, you have to go elsewhere.
2	So underwhelming. I've been here a few times and have always been disappointed. Last night the service was especially lackluster. And the kitchen closed and 10, so no snacks for us later in the evening . They do make a good French Martini though.
4	This was the last stop on the "Brother Visits Ne'er Do Well Kid Sister and Treats Her to Meals" tour.We started with the Indonesian corn fritter wraps, which were delicious with the chili-soy dipping sauce.  The corn fritters should have either been a little smaller or the lettuce leaves a little bigger, however, because the combo to unwieldy to roll up and eat.  The seaweed salad was good, too.My entree was the autumn vegetables and rice cake noodles--which I only realized was very similar to a pasta dish at Casbah after I took my first bite.  The dish at Casbah: maccheretto with white beans, wild mushrooms, sun-dried tomatoes, rapini pesto, cheese and walnuts.  Soba's version: rice cake noodles with wild mushrooms, butternut squash, green beans, arugula and sunflower seed pesto.  The types of vegetables in Casbah and Soba's versions differ, but the pestos taste pretty much the same.  Rice cake noodles don't really soak up liquid, though, so Soba's version was drowning in sauce.  I probably would have enjoyed another entree more.I guess I should have read the menu description more carefully, but didn't think Asian fusion (Soba) and Mediterranean (Casbah) were anything alike, so I didn't expect to get the same dish at both restaurants.For dessert, we split the five spice apple tart with honey creme fraiche and crispy yam.  The tart was more honey creme fraiche with some apple bits on top; it was tasty but I would have liked more apple.I enjoyed the atmosphere on a Sunday night, and our server was pleasant but didn't hover.  The food's delicious--just order carefully if you've dined at another Big Burrito restaurant not too long ago, to avoid getting a similar dish.
5	Went here for anniversary dinner after last minute search on yelp. Great food - my boyfriend was nervous about trying Asian fusion for the first time but we were able to get familiar and delicious spring rolls and dumplings for appetizers.  For dinner we got seared tuna and scallops, our first foray into Pittsburgh seafood after moving here from NJ, and were not disappointed.  They have an extensive wine list (I had two generous glasses of angeline pinot noir) and a great-looking cocktail menu (I don't usually go for hard liquor but I found myself uncharacteristically indecisive with so many interesting-looking choices).  Pricey, but on par for the quality of food plus cocktails - would go back on another special occasion.  Also pleased to find they have a (albeit small) parking lot.
4	I can't stress how incredible the Big Burrito group is. They deserve prizes.I came to Soba with two friends for the Oc Om Boc festival, and was pleased to order and eat the price-fixed ($35) four-course meal they offered. Delicious pho, egg rolls, spring rolls, duck confit, duck breast, noodles, beef and rice, fresh vegetables, and an incredible dessert of cake with a hint of banana (and a vanilla wafer).The lights were turned low, there was a wall with running water streaming down from the top, and there was some contemporary playlist in the background playing all of your NPR favorites (David Gray, Radiohead). As an added bonus, the paper towels in the bathroom were EXCELLENT--I felt so guilty wiping my hands on them and throwing them away.The menu is a bit pricey, but I don't think I'm experienced enough to judge its price vs. the food...I'm just a pretty broke college student who spends all of his expendable income on nice places like Soba.
5	I was here this past week while visiting. The food was superb. The seared tuna was amazing-the best I've had anywhere. The scallops were also excellent. Appetizers were delicious. The restaurant is beautiful, dimly lit, and very relaxed. Our server, Amanda, was great-really knowledgeable and helpful. Lookinf forward to my next trip to Pitt. to come back here.
2	So the majority of my food was good here, appetizer (King Edward Mussels), dessert (sorbet) but the main course I ordered: soba noodle was horrible. It was way to salty which overwhelmed all other flavours.  Normally I would give a place a second chance, but this is soba we are talking about the namesake of the restaurant.  For this price, I would expect excellent food and great atmosphere which this place has failed to deliver.
5	If you are like me, and adore espresso martini's, you must check out Soba on Ellsworth Avenue! The martini is made of chilled espresso, vanilla vodka and Kahlua coffee liqueur. By far the best espresso martini in the city!They also have an excellent food menu for both the bar and restaurant.  They have happy hour specials and the bar is always filled with a great crowd!Soba is affiliated with the Big Burrito chain, along with Eleven, Kaya, Casbah and Umi: all of which are excellent restaurants!
5	To start off with, let me tell you that I am big fan of this restaurant and the only reason Im writing this review is to praise it.SOBA has been my favorite restuarant in Pittsburgh that has class, good food, flavourful and each food is served with very good presentation. This restaurant has been the restaurant of choice for any occasion- celebration of job, or birthdays. Being a vegetarian myself, they really dont have many options for vegetarians. but they ae ever so accommodating to make any pasta customized for vegetarian taste buds.  let me summarize the experiences- 1) the staff is friendly, polite and explain any dish to you if you ask them. 2) lovely lovely ambience. i love the water fountain inside the restuarant.3) food is flavorful. a tip- the sides listed on the menu are usually small eats and work marvelously as an appetizer for two-three people. make sure you try them.4) the presentation of the food is really good. matches with the flavor.5) not a slow service6) good selection of wines. again the staff explain the best combination for every meal.7) desert- is top of the world. my personal recommendation- try the chocolate maki. its a desert that is truly creative and deserves five stars. it has chocolate mouse stuffed inside what is similar to a rice roll, instead its a chocoltae crepe. the wasabi is substituted with paste made of pista chocolate sauce becomes the vinegar and of course, ginger is as is. this is by far the best desert i have ever tasted in pittsburgh at any restuarant. if you are looking for a romantic friday evening, or your first date or just a classy restuarant for celebration then i would highly recommend this. just be aware that the food is a little pricey and can easily run up for more than $100 for just 3 people including drinks.
5	This is officially one of my favorite "special occasion" restaurants in the city.  Both times my BF and I have been here, we have ordered the tasting menu.  The first time was the "Water Festival" that was fabulous.  The second time was for Valentines weekend.  I like the tasting menu because it forces me to try things that I wouldn't normally order.  I am not a fan of the gamey taste of lamb or the texture of scallops and mushrooms....but when its done right, like it is at Soba, I fall in love and realize what I am missing.  My BF and I usually order one of each item and switch back and forth so we get to taste 7 dishes in all.  Highly recommend the tasting menu.
4	I've been to Soba twice and it was my first real experience with "upscale" dining.The inside is great, I was especially fond of the two story waterfall against one wall. The seats were comfortable and the pace of the service let you know that you could stick around a while and enjoy yourself.The food isn't as Asian as I expected it but still delicious. I went with the filet mignon and it melted in my mouth like butter. The sprouts on top gave it a nice, fresh crunch.The service was spectacular, as it should be for this type of establishment. My only real complaint is that after having been to Kaya and Eleven, I feel Soba could diversify their menu a bit. A few of their dishes can be found on its brother's menus and I don't think they're quite capturing Eastern food.Either way, it's delicious.
3	Oh Soba... Always a tasty experience, but you always manage to screw up just enough to not make you a place I would brag about.  Tonight, I ordered the pad thai... meh.  I've had it twice here, and each time, a loser.  This time it had a great taste, but the after taste had too much of a carbon flavor for my palate.  However, the mussels were great and the braised ribs were excellent.  Nonetheless, I still have that burnt carbon taste in my mouth, hence the 3 stars.  Would I go back again?  Yes.  But just stay away from the pad thai.
5	Made reservations on a busy Saturday night (3/5) for me and my girlfriend....it was our first time eating out in Pittsburgh (out of towners) and Soba exceeded my expectations (coming from SoCal where there's Asian fusion joints everywhere). The Coat Check for ladies and free parking was awesome....the tandoori grilled salmon was impeccable....and this place is getting 5 Stars from me mainly for its outrageously delicious and homemade "Soba banana split." That's right, homemade chocolate, roasted pineapple, and jasmine-green tea ice cream scoops on top of banana cake and creme-bruleed (crunchy) bananas. Best dessert we've ever had. Speciality drinks were pretty outstanding too....thanks Soba!!
5	Get a martiniOr anything else they haveThis place is heaven(b)
2	I give this place an OKAY because I've had mixed experiences. The first time I went it was okay, but was very forgettable.The last time I went, we were seated outside on the balcony, and the outdoor heating was nice, our waiter was polite and well spoken. The only thing was that our food took... forever... to come. When we asked about the status of our order, the food came right away.In terms of food, they have a pretty good selection, but... once again forgettable. It's a nice and casual place to go but don't expect more.
4	Had dinner at Soba on a Thursday night with a friend.  Went around 6pm, no reservations, and were seated right away.I was talking to my friend about my lack of knowledge of white wine when our waiter came over to fill up our waters.  He asked if I wanted to learn about white wines and offered us a tasting of 3 varieties. He had us try them without telling us what they were. The thoughtfulness and interest in pairing our wines with our dinner really made our night.We started off with the crispy tofu, which I always get, and this time did not disappoint.  I had the mushroom and rice cake noodles and my friend had the seared tuna.  Both dishes were great, aside from the kim chi on my friend's plate that was not very good. My dish was on the spicy side, so make sure to ask about spice level if that concerns you.
5	Last night was the first time I went to Soba and I LOVED it! My friends and I got some tables in the lounge area and it was the perfect setting for a quiet Saturday night catching up with friends. The whole place has such a great vibe, the service was awesome, and the drinks were dee-lish! I can't wait to go back and have dinner there.
5	Soba Saturday night after Art All Night! Whew there were so many people in Lawrenceville! It was impossible to get in anywhere and my group wasn't willing to stand outside in the brisk air just to get in and have to fight for seating or even a drink. Soba was the perfect choice! Love, love it here.I have been here to eat before but most nights it's such a busy place that we head elsewhere. Since all of Pittsburgh was on Butler St we got in and sat right down in the lounge next to the glass fireplace! I would love to do a photoshoot in this sexy space. There is always a romantic mood at Soba. Martini glasses clinking in a group cheers, a spectacular setting for a lovely evening and exciting conversation, discussing all the interesting art we just saw.You have to try the Cucumber Martini, it is "muah" marvelous! I think my drinks all summer will be Cucumber themed because it is so light and refreshing! I have this thing for Pad Thai, and I am searching the city for the best. So that is what I ordered last time I dined here. It was a pretty decent Pad Thai but I am still looking for one like I had years ago at Papermoon in Erie. It was the best I ever had in my life, no competitors yet. The appetizers I have tried are very good. This is an upscale dining establishment so expect that the food will be as well. They have a small lot that is always packed so you may have to drive around on the small side streets to find parking. I think this is one of the best spots in the city for a date night!
4	Elie and I came in for happy hour drinks and I'm really glad we did.  The bar is lovely, and the actual restaurant is really nice.  The drinks were delicious and strong, and everything from the sour pickle martini to the smoky mezcal was excellent. We had two drinks each, sampling four decadent cocktails for only $24.  I heart happy hour, and this one rocks.  The food looked great, worth trying next time around.
4	First of all, I'm an out of town visitor that was looking for a good restaurant for the family of 5.  I am huge fish fan and the selection they had was fantastic.  We are koreans so we stayed away from the fusion korean food thinking we probably had better cooked by our mothers. The wait service was fantastic and very helpful with wine and food list.  The appetizers were o.k.  we got the tomato soup, curry chowder, mushroom buns, baby octopus.  Baby octopus was great but other were ok. The nice waiter recommended a new fish dish that had braised the whole fish, which was excellent.  I'm a huge fish fan and it was so tender and flavored.  I tried some of the tuna steak, but it was okay. And some of the noodle dishes were fantastic and good size.  I would recommend it for special occasions because it was pretty price, but I really did like the fish dishes they had.
4	We've been meaning to try Soba for dinner every time we go to Umi. I'm only in town a few times a year, so we finally made this a priority. The food was spectacular and the drinks and service were first class.  My wife had the whole bronzini, which I tried some of, and it was dynamite. Don't let the whole fish preparation intimidate you!My entree was the seared tuna and it was quite good as well.  We enjoyed a great pinot noir that was recommended by our waiter and also had some great sparkling sake.  We waited for our table in the lounge and tried some cocktails -- all receive high marks.We were seated near the water feature wall, which is a spot I would recommend. The lighting, mood, food, and service make this a great location if you're looking to impress or have a nice romantic evening.I look forward to a return visit.
5	The night I moved to Pittsburgh in January 2010, I went to Soba with my parents. My mom was so obsessed that we had to go every time they visited. I loved it too, but after realizing there were so many other worthy restaurants to try in Pittsburgh, Soba fell by the wayside, to the point where I figured that maybe I was playing it up to be better than it actually was in my head.I ended up going back to Soba for dinner this week since it's right around the corner from my new place. And it was actually just as good as I remembered! I was upset that there was nothing pork belly related on the menu (that was always my favorite here), but ended up getting yellowtail sashimi, scallops with a peach jam, and the chopped salad. The chopped salad here, which changes with the seasons, is possibly one of my favorite salads of all time. There's always like ten thousand ingredients in it and it's always super refreshing (this time there was nectarine, coconut, cucumber, avocado, mint...).I wish the restaurant wasn't QUITE so dark (this seems to be the trend in all Big Burrito restaurants) and we were being stared down by a snobby older couple the entire time (we dined at 10pm, and were dressed to go out afterward...I don't know if it was my friend's tattoos or the fact that I was wearing a crop top that was so offensive, but they were NOT having it!), but otherwise it was an all-around awesome experience. Our waitress was super nice and down-to-earth and didn't make us feel like we were out of place at all. So, Soba, you have managed to maintain your 5-star rating from me, and I'm so very sorry I've been neglecting you!
4	My boyfriend took me out to dinner at Soba Lounge for my birthday last week!  We had reservations for 7 pm on a Thursday evening, and had an absolute hell of a time parking!  How does anybody live in this neighborhood?  It's maddening.  The lot next to Soba was full, and there's only one way in/out, so it was pretty much impossible to get out of after we realized it was full - don't even bother, just drive around until you find street parking somewhere.Our disgruntled-ness quickly wore off when we stepped inside.  Dimly lit, sleekly decorated, and filled with a sense of Zen and calm, my boyfriend noted that it reminded him of the restaurants in Chicago.  High praise!  We followed our server upstairs, past a peaceful wall-waterfall, and to our elegant table.  There was a medium-size crowd at Soba that night, consisting oddly of mostly older people and businessmen - not many twenty somethings in sight!  That was a bit surprising, but fortunately the noise level was low, giving Soba a feeling of intimacy - great for a date!Our server was friendly, perky, and quick to recommend her favorite dishes.  She was the kind of server who, if you wanted her to, would stop at your table to chat for a few minutes, but if you'd rather she was unobtrusive and quick, she could do that too.  I started with a cocktail, the Gin Blossom, and my boyfriend got something with Drambuie that isn't on the menu anymore.  I LOVED mine - it was purple!  It was very floral and sweet, perfect for me.  Just strong enough too - I sipped it throughout the whole meal.We started with the grilled baby octopus, which actually was great!  The texture was meatier than we expected - I think we anticipated the rubbery, chewiness of calamari.  But it was great!  The legs (tentacles?) were lined with grill marks and the meat had a salty, savory taste.  And the aioli that lined the plate?  Creamy and delicious.  Next, we enjoyed the lobster maki with pistachios and mango - it was delicious and fresh, presented very simply.  A bit pricey for what you get, but we enjoyed it nonetheless.For my entree, I had the sea scallops with BBQ pork, and it was pretty wonderful.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, and I mean PERFECTLY.  The pork underneath was flavorful and tender - a bit salty, but at least it wasn't bland!  The rice cake noodles were deliciously glutinous and chewy.  It was a good size portion as well - I couldn't quite finish it after the two appetizers we shared, so I had to take a bit home. Boyfriend got the pad thai, and I found it a little disappointing in that it was indistinguishable from takeout pad thai.  Good takeout, but still - it didn't seem heightened in any way.  Which is fine, I guess, but for $19?  Whoa.  No.  He was satisfied with it, but I was disappointed since it was a special occasion and his meal definitely wasn't of birthday caliber.  At least it was my birthday and not his!I think generally the food here is very good, and the atmosphere is upscale and intimate.  I'd stick with the dishes that are complex and unique.  Don't go here and get the pad thai.  But you won't be disappointed by the exotic offerings!
3	Great atmosphere, wonderful wait staff, and the food is good, but a little too much. I kept wanting chef Ramsey to walk in and make the dishes more simple.  The pork wrapped around sugar cane, simmered in banana leaves with lemon grass water was a bit too sweet. The soup's were dense and filled with so many ingredients, you couldn't enjoy, let alone identify, the flavors.  They give large portions, and don't skimp, but sometimes, less is more. The ribs were the saving grace, with the meat almost falling from the bone.
4	Pan-Asian fusion.  That designation usually means fancy Chinese food at high-end prices. Even in Boston and Chicago, $30 was a lot for an entree.  So to have the same prices in the 'Burgh, the "Most Livable City," I would expect to be knocked off my feet.  Or, maybe, I'm just a cheap bastard.I tried all the appetizers, and they were all excellent.  The portion sizes for both the appetizers and the entrees were generous.  The spring rolls, crabcakes, spinach dumplings, et al. come with 6 servings each.I think most people enjoyed their entrees.  I had the seared tuna, which was a big piece.  It was prepared pretty well, and had nice sides of pickled cucumbers and kim chi.  The sides were really good -- but I've also had these items store-bought, and they tasted almost as good.Service was excellent and the waitstaff was nice and accomodating.  I also appreciated the decor and atmosphere, something I normally don't prioritize.  It's definitely a swanky place.In short, very good food, but for me, who averages $13/hr for my salary, I'd rather eat somewhere with a better price/taste ratio.
5	You cannot go wrong in a Big Burrito restaurant! Well, unless you are  looking for your Mexican friend's grandma's cooking at Mad Mex. Soba is probably my fave BB restaurant (I haven't been to Umi yet). I love creative foods and drinks and Soba delivers here. It's about 17-item small plates list seems extensive, because you would want to try every one of them. We shares six small plates for dinner - grilled octopus, Vietnamese shrimp and squid, yellowtail sashimi, lobster maki, Korean bbq ribs and calamari. The Viet shrimps were quite overcooked - kind of like when you try cooking the chilled cooked shrimps. It's sauce and the accompaniments were amazing though. The ribs were a big hit, crispy, tender and not fatty. I wish the sashimi was a little bigger in portion and the calamari about half the amount they offer. The portions, except for the sashimi were "Pittsburgh portions". I almost had to be rolled back home; I was that full, and happy. If I am to spend $100+ on dinner, then I want to be this happy that I would want to write a yelp review the very next morning.
2	I hate to put two stars, but.. I have experienced better. Especially for the price. This was my first visit, and, frankly, it made me want to go back for the bar but not the restaurant.There were definitely good points. The service was great, and I enjoyed the cocktail that I ordered off the menu. Also, they had a couple of lesser-known cocktail classics that made me think the bartending staff know their thing. The wine by the glass menu had nice choices, too.Unfortunately, the food was mixed. I had the pork dumplings for an appetizer. The combination of flavors in the filling, dip and wrapper was very good, but the wrapper was unusually thick and distractingly chewy, even gummy (as in, it stuck to my teeth and the roof of my mouth gummy). The server said they'd just started making their wrappers in-house, and I think they need some work.I had the chicken ramen soup for a main course. It just wasn't very good. I didn't expect it to be up to Vancouver BC standards (that city seems to have a thing for ramen), but the noodles were a bit tough, and a whole lot of the flavor came from salt. This includes the broth and the chicken. I didn't really want to eat it; I just tried the leftovers, and I don't really want to eat them either.If the food were at 2/3 to 3/4 of the price I'd give it three stars. As it is, I wish I'd gone somewhere else. Clearly, other people love the place. Maybe I'll give it another chance, if I'm with friends who want to go.
4	Nice place, towards the expensive side, but the food is great.  Nice atmosphere and it is fairly big.  We went on a Friday night and we were sitted immediately.  The service is fast and nice.  Definitely one of the places that I will visit again.
5	I have dinned Soba on multiple occasions and it never disappoints.  I really like the decor (very fitting for menu served) and the wait staff is very knowledgeable about the menu. Since my standard practice is to ask what their favorite dishes and the most popular dishes are, a waitress/waiter that can give a detailed response is a big plus.    The wine menu is very thorough and my wife and i can always find a bottle that is both of high quality and reasonably priced.  For apps, we usually split the grilled baby octopus, if you have never had it, i highly suggest it. I was a little surprised on my most recent visit that they have removed the Sea Scallop entree from the menu,  my wife and i had both planned on getting this meal that evening.  I hope it returns soon, however, and a big however, the scallops were replaced with the miso black cod, which was absolutely fantastic.  one of those meals where eat bite is better than the next, the bbq ribs and noodles remain from the scallop dish but i believe there was a llittle more spice in this dish.  I also believe this is the famous miso black cod from next door at Umi, i could be wrong.   get this entree, it is amazing.  In summary, Soba is great for a nice meal out, food is top notch, some of the best you will find in Pittsburgh, and of course i will return soon, yet again.
4	The best thing about my recent experience at Soba was the service.  The waitstaff were unobtrusively attentive and very friendly. I highly recommend the chicken ramen, which has fried chicken, noodles, and a fried egg.  I'm not sure how you can go wrong with that combination of ingredients.  The true star of the meal was the dessert - some sort of chocolate mousse and pretzel stack that was really amazing and made in-house. My only quibble is that some menu items are pricey considering what they are - I mean, $18 for fried rice?
1	I was so disappointed with the quality... the salad was drenched in vinegar, the duck was mediocre.  I guess I'm used to really good food from foodie towns.  If I wanted mediocre food, I would go to fridays or olive garden-- was it comparable?  Yes, for quality of food.  The price, obviously, was much more.  This fake fusion place would have gone out of business, regardless of price, if it had to compete with the likes of Slanted Door or was located in a city with good food.  If this is representative of the best Pittburgh has to offer, then take the money you would have spent here and reinvest it in a trip to SF or NYC and eat well for a week. How sad is that?  Don't go here... you pay $30 for an entree, $10 for an appetizer, and $15 for a mediocre wine.  Not worth it...
4	Soba delivered again! One of the perks of being on the Big Burrito mailing list is the postcard they send every year at your birthday time for a free entree. I like to celebrate my birthday with some good food in the company of friends, so I usually select a restaurant and invite a few folks to join me. Tuesday night eight of us met at Soba for what turned out to be a truly lovely evening. We had great service from go. The staff is very professional, yet willing to engage. We were seated on the top level, which was quite nice because it was quiet and there were only a few other tables aside from ours. The roasted beet salad ($10) was a nice start. Golden and red beets were thinly sliced and piled with arugula, cortland apples, a very pretty light pink radish with green skin, cashews, and dressed with ginger vinaigrette. Others around the table enjoyed the chopped salad, tuna tartar, spicy tuna maki, and the calamari. There were no complaints and many a plate circumnavigated the table. Several of the group commented that the calamari were particularly good.There are currently three veg options on the menu, and it was a hard choice:* red curry tofu: wild mushrooms, yellow wax beans, yu choy, fried cauliflower, carrots, chickpeas, basil, steamed jasmine rice ($17)* autumn vegetable and rice cake: butternut squash, chanterelles, apples, spinach, fermented black beans, miso butter, pine nuts ($17)* spicy pumpkin and basil noodles: shiitake, baby bok choy, peanuts, fried egg ($17)I finally chose the noodles with the spicy pumpkin and basil sauce. The dish was pleasantly spicy and I liked the addition of the egg. I would have liked the bok choy to be cut a little smaller and the shitakes cut a little bigger, but these are very small complaints about an otherwise very enjoyable dish.My mother when with the autumn vegetables and rice cakes, which really weren't "cakes" at all, but more like small balls (about the size of a gnocci) made out of rice noodles. It was "too spicy" for her, but I really can't tell you what she meant because it is not spicy at all. It had a bit of a smoky rustic flavor and no spiciness whatsoever. All I know is that the rest of her dish is now in my fridge which I will be enjoying later. Dessert started out as a hard sell to my dining companions, but I had saved room--this was my birthday dinner after all! What's a birthday dinner without "cake"!?! I went with the chocolate maki: dark chocolate mousse wrapped in a  chocolate pistachio crepe and sliced to looked like a maki roll. A small pile of pistachio cream sat next to it looking like wasabi and the "pickled ginger" was really thing slices of cantaloupe. A small pot of chocolate sauce mimicked soy for dipping. T'was rich and fine, however, being the ginger fiend that I am, I really wished they had used real pickled ginger!Others shared the chocolate pretzel stack, consisting of wonton 'pretzel' chips, malted milk chocolate cream, miso caramel, and a kinako truffle. My spoon may have found it's way into that pile up and I was impressed. the "pretzel" was really tasty and the malted chocolate cream complemented it well. My mother and I both agreed that the miso caramel was amazing, and while mom's concept of "spicy" may be questionable, her judgment of things caramel is not. I also heard no complaints about the black & white ice cream sandwich (dark chocolate cookies, white chocolate cheesecake ice cream, peppermint sabayon, pomegranate molasses), though it sounds like too much for me. Soba has consistently delivered a solid menu and fine service over the years. Once on the cutting edge of Pittsburgh's nascent culinary scene, they're now part of the old vanguard, but there's nothing stale about the place. Adventurous vegetarians and omnivores will all find something to delight the palate, though I can't guarantee your 70 year old mom will fare as well.
4	I'd prob give Soba 3.5 stars if I could. We didn't want to drive in the snow so walked over to Soba on a Friday night and actually made reservations just an hour before (we prob won't get away with that on a non-stormy night). After a blast of warm air I was welcomed into this dark, cozy and seductive venue. We were led up to the top level and settled in. I ordered a Sapporo, calamari and tuna. Beer always hits the spot for me. Calamari was delicious with a nice mayo sauce with a squirt of lime. The tuna was tender! My butter knife cut into it so easily. The side of kimchi was just okay and the abundance of hot sauce sauce was to much for me. Fried rice went well with everything and balanced the tuna and sauce out. We then ordered the coconut cashew brownie which was delicious too as suggested by the waitress. The portions were large imho and while the service was fantastic I just thought the food was priced a tad high for what was offered. Seems like Soba would be nice for a special occasion or just to have a nice dinner though.
4	pretty good food, fantastic atmosphere, slightly overpriced, but not unreasonable for the quality and atmosphere
4	Awesome service, food very good, but a tad salty for my taste. Great ambiance!
5	WoW! This place really makes me happy. First Time here and I will be a long time patron. Thanks a lot for a very nice meal.Even though I came here on a Monday night I can imagine that this place gets packed so if I were you I would make a reservation, I guess I just always make a reservation if I can get one at a time that works for me as I did on a Monday even though I don't think that it was warranted. Right from the get go I was pleased with the ambiance of this place. We showed up early and went to have a drink at the bar were we received very friendly unrushed service from the bar tender. I had a few questions about what was on tap and they were very knowledgeable which I can appreciate. After we finished our drinks we headed over to check in for dinner and we were seated immediately. Soon afterward we were greeted by a really cool and professional waiter. I thought that it was great that he had a really good understanding of the menu at Soba and had no problem discussing the different items to help us make a decision. We started with the crispy tofu, spicy tuna Maki, and grilled baby octopus. All were tasty bites. The crispy tofu was by all means excellent, the only thing was that the sauce that the tofu bits are tossed in takes away from any sort of characteristic that reflects crispiness. I might ask next time to have the sauce on the side. The Octopus was like it was fished out of the sea the day we ate it. It was a nice light dish that was tender the way an octopus should be. Thanks for that by the way, I hate choking on rubbery seafood. The Spicy tuna maki was also beautiful and tasty and would almost recommend this appetizer over the other two that we had if you had to only choose one. Over all 3 appetizers was way too much for us.I don't order steak out that much but I said what the heck I'm going to see what this place has got. I ordered Medium-Rare like an aristocrat would. And once again they didn't let me down. Perfecto and the chili mashed potatoes, well I wish that I could drink them or get them via I.V. they were so good but I was so stuffed. Darn it! I tried some of the Seared Rare Tuna, oooooo! that was soo good as well, next time I may get that. All in all, heck of a great meal and I will be back sooner rather than later as there is a large menu to choose from. I was also very happy by the friendliness as well as the professionalism of the valet service. The guy had my car out super fast and had my car configured just the way I had left it with the wheels turned for the getaway. Go check it out for yourself I can't imagine that you will not get anything less than the best of service and quality here.
3	I'm usually a fan of what Big Burrito does around Pittsburgh, yet I can't fully recommend Soba to the Asian food enthusiast. While the space and service warrant a 4.5 star rating, one can summarize most dishes as high quality yet forgettable rip-offs.Not that this designation makes sense or anything at this point, but read on. I'm not going to go into the details of the dishes I ate, as they probably won't be on the menu in the near future. Soba's seasonality is something that makes it stand out, and I appreciate the sourcing of the ingredients. Speaking of the ingredients, everything is a rather high quality, which is to be expected at the price point. My scallops were deliciously meaty and sugar sweet, and my vegetarian dining companion's vegetables all tasted quite fresh. The rhubarb in my desert had a perfectly tangy, subtly sweet flavor. Proteins and veggies stand out.But the dishes, as a whole, don't warrant the price point. Soba tries to communicate subtlety in flavoring of its food, and it carries this principle of subtlety a bit too far. In fact, the food ends up being on the slightly bland, underseasoned side more often than not. For example, the broth in my entree tasted only vaguely of the soy and ginger promised, and my friend's red curry exhibited anemic spicing. Flaws in execution are similarly prevalent; my noodles and my friend's rice were too mushy. Such flaws didn't detract too heavily from the dining experience, but when I'm paying $70+ (appetizer, dinner, dessert, and drink) for a meal I'm expecting complex flavor and texture contrasts, deft seasoning, and meticulous technique. To that end, Soba fails. The meal was fairly enjoyable, and perhaps I went on an off night, but my sticker shock for good but not great food has yet to subside.
2	Dear Pittsburgh, we are foodies from Boston.  The wonderful thing about living in a city like Boston is that there are few chain restaurants, but infinite amounts of local-owned restaurants with hip atmosphere and delicious food made with fresh ingredients and a whole lotta passion.  I understand you're hard up, but this place made your list of top 25 restaurants in the city?  Seriously?  The decor looked much like many homes in the suburbs outside your city-a little bit o' this and a little bit o' that, but that is beside the point.  Swarmy waiters you have to flag down for service (and by the way, the locals were having to do it too) is not charming or cool.  It's unacceptable.  Especially when a restaurant has the audacity to charge what this place was for a crappy meal.  And I'm telling you, other than the Thai corn chowder, this food was barely edible.  What with all the Kings and Eat-n-Parks you may not know this, but trust me, a visitor from the land of delicious, this is just gross.  And to pay anywhere over $100 for gross (or even anywhere edging up to $100) is just a slap in the face.  It's time for Pittsburgh to get standards that are above ground.  A restaurant like just should be nowhere near your top 25.
4	What a lovely, intimate, upscale restaurant! A nice surprise by my boo on a Wednesday night was going to Soba for dinner. We didn't have reservations but there was some seating available and we opted to sit outside since the weather was gorgeous.  I have never been here before and was really impressed with the decor! The outside seating area was my favorite part of the whole dining experience. Comfortable chairs, lights strung across the ceiling, the most pleasant breeze and a view of the sky (which at the time was a mix of pinks and reds). Boo and I split an appetizer (the mushroom, spinach dumplings) and the pad thai entree. Both were fantastic as was the service. Love it!
3	I went to Soba with some co-workers on a work trip to Pittsburgh. The wine selection was pretty impressive (there was something for every taste) and the food was good. Not the best pad thai I've ever eaten (pretty dry, like it had been sitting a while) but my co-workers enjoyed their meals. Would go back again if I were in the area.
5	We found Soba to be very unique and relaxing. We absolutely loved the smooth rock water feature expanding two floors and an entire side of one wall. Very peaceful.We tried their farm feast tasting menu event for $35 per person, including four courses. You may also accompany the courses with a wine paring for $20, giving you four different types of wine with each serving. We thought the cost was a great value.The thing I love most about a tasting menu is that you don't have to worry about decisions. The menu is already planned. I'm sure many people would have an issue with this, but as a foodie, there is nothing better than to experience new cuisines. If you are one of those picky people, you can order off Soba's Japanese-fusion style menu.Because we were blown-away from the atmosphere, outstanding service, and talented chefs, Soba made our Pittsburgh Favorite list at www.GirlLikesToEat.com//pittsburghfavorites/This is for sure an exquisite dining experience.
4	Very tasty, gourmet class! Loved the scallops with Korean rice noodles. Am hard to please with fusion, but these folks have pulled it off.
4	Soba is another restaurant in the Big Burrito group's offerings and absolutely another hit. It's located in Shadyside, an area that I rarely venture out to for fear of destroying my car, but I will make the trek for Soba. And Mad Mex.As others have noted, the restaurant is very intimate. Compared to Eleven, which is classy and upscale but rather casual (if that makes sense), Soba is definitely date night territory. In fact, my boyfriend took me on our first date to Soba followed by an awesome evening at Cirque de Soleil. What a night it was.This restaurant is up to the standards of quality and service that all of Big Burrito's restaurants offer. The food is amazing, the drinks are tasty, and the staff are super friendly. The Asian Plum Sangria and the Bangkok Tea are my favorite drinks there, highly recommend them. The one called Offer You Can't Refuse - be careful. Tasty, but be careful.As far as food, excepting one time we've always just ordered a round of different appetizers and spent the night sampling. I've never had anything I didn't like, and I in fact highly recommend the crispy tofu. Yum-my. Even if you think you don't like tofu, you feel so wrong about that stance once you've eaten theirs.The only time we ordered entrees was on NYE. We engaged in their pre-fixe menu for the holiday. I can't remember what we had, but I do remember all of it being awesome. It was a really great way to spend NYE, avoiding any type of craziness and filling up on some good food.
4	Went here for my husband's birthday and they have a very nice outdoor seating area. I wasn't a huge fan but my husband loved it and compared it to being on the same scale as Eleven so that's why it gets a 4 star rating. We ordered the korean barbeque ribs $12) which fell off the bone and the calamari with chilies, toasted garlic, mint and an uni emulsion ($9). My husband had the seared rare tuna - sesame crust, korean bbq, kim chi, cucumber-red onion  salad, ginger fried rice and peanuts ($34) which he loved. I had the spicy basil noodles with broccoli, onion, button mushrooms, baby bok choy, orange peel, sesame seeds and fried egg ($17). I ordered it spicy but found it to have a strange taste. For dessert we had the frozen cashew terrine which had chocolate ganahce, mango-rasberry coulis and candied cashews for $8.
4	Had I went with more people, I would have loved to have ordered more small plates to share. However, I ventured to Shadyside alone. As an appetizer, I ordered the kim chi pancake. The sauce is what makes the dish. Without the tangy soy sauce, the kim chi, which has bay scallops and shrimp, the pancake tasted lackluster. Definitely to be combined with kim chi and the bean sprouts sides as well. As my main entree I ordered the miso cod. FABULOUS. By far the best cod I've ever had. The flavors were so rich and surprising with every bite. Atop the cod was a zesty lemony topping, while the miso sauce was unbelievable with a spicy kick. The cod was perfectly tender and just melted in the mouth. While the BBQ pork was less tender, I appreciated that it was lean meat. Along with the pine nuts and the rice cake medallions, each bite was a sensory eruption. Sizeable portion.For dessert I ordererd the banana split with bruleed banana, banana cake, chocolate ice cream with chocolate sauce, lychee sorbet (substitute for sesame, on the side), and condensed milk. Super decadent, but terrfic. Service was impeccable. Cool atmosphere in an up-and-coming neighborhood. Definitely an interesting Pan-Asian repertoire.
5	I recently visited Soba this past weekend on a trip to Pittsburgh and I have been dying to return ever since. I wish I could get it shipped here to NJ! The food was definitely some of the best food I have ever had. The drinks were all very interesting as well. Very tasty! We ordered an array of small plates to sample various different things. Each one was better than the next. The spicy tuna maki roll was OUT OF THIS WORLD! The tempura green beans were so delicious too! We sampled everything from soup to salad and Korean BBQ ribs. Everything delicious! We even left room for dessert which was equally amazing. My friend had the sesame ice cream with salted caramel. It sounded strange to me at first but it was so delicious. I had the chocolate make which was so beautifully prepared and delectable although extremely rich with the dark chocolate. Definitely something to share because of the richness, I was only able to eat a few bites. My other friend got the pandan leaf panna cotta. After reading it on the menu, I didn't think it sounded like something I would like. Boy oh boy, was I wrong. It was amazing! I can't wait to return to Pittsburgh to visit Soba again!
4	I've had the pleasure of visiting this establishment two times over the last several months.  The first time was for a fancy-pants dinner in which the upstairs portion of the restaurant was reserved and the guests were privileged enough to indulge in unlimited drinks and a very elaborate 5 course meal.  Soba is very much "Asian-Fusion" in its cuisine, and it pulls it off quite well.  As a vegetarian, there are plenty of options for me to choose from.  Some of the dishes that stand out to me include the tofu appetizer and the vegetable curry entree.The second time I visited here, I sat by the bar, which is dimly lit, relatively quiet, but gives off this cool sort of vibe.  I love it.  We had a great time.  Service was fantastic. My critiques would be 1.) a tad bit pricier than what I would like to pay and 2.) could up the ante on the spice level just a tad.Otherwise, I highly recommend this place.  I think you'll enjoy it.
3	Soba is hit or miss for me. The cocktails are awesome, particularly when $6 during happy hour. You can't beat lavendar syrups and St Germain. I've had some great dishes - the corn soup and the pad thai- but some have flopped. The lamb stew, for example, had delicious flavor but besides the veggies was almost inedible because the lamb was tough as leather. I feel like mistakes like this shouldn't happen at these prices.
4	I love this place. It is right across the street from my office.  Great food and drinks and the ambiance is sweet.
4	I have dined at Soba more times than any other restaurant in Pittsburgh; it is my favorite! The dishes are original and creative, not like anything one can find elsewhere. I don't like tofu so much, but their tofu appetizer is fantastic - and is a large portion for a moderate cost. The chopped salad is worthy of my daily cravings. They usually have two vegetarian entrees, one or both of which can be made vegan. For a long while they had an awesome rice cake dish that I could not resist - it was a take on pesto with neato chewy rice cake noodle things and a seasonal mix of veggies and mushrooms. I do miss that one. But lately I've been getting the thakkali curry, which is pretty good too, with an interesting take on mango pickle (spicy!) and sadly, it comes with the best paratha in town. Once I had a bad experience with the rice cake dish - it came out all wrong. I was unable to complain at the table due to my company...but I emailed the manager because I wanted them to know that somebody in the kitchen didn't seem to be gettin' it. I also took that opportunity of contact to ask for a recipe for some to-die-for brussels sprouts they used to have on their sides menu that were no longer available. The response was above and beyond what I could have expected. Everything was made up for and then some. And they apparently didn't have the recipe I requested on record, but gave me a general run down of how to make it from memory; now I make them at home according to Soba's instructions every time!The drinks! Excellent. Some of my favorites are The Metamorphosis (no longer on menu, but I think you can still get it), Offer You Can't Refuse, The Dirty Pickle, La Pinta and Beauty Mark...They also have a nice selection of Sake, which is rare in Pittsburgh, however is is expensive to buy here. The atmosphere is not really my style, but it passes as a cool calm romantic space. I do get sick of hearing the same music every time I go, but there are some great songs in the mix. The service is hit or miss, and some of the servers come off as scripted (probably new). Our last server was really slow about checking on us and drinks took a long time (though it wasn't busy). And as with most Big Burrito restaurants, I don't like that there are separate food runners from servers, because it makes it confusing and more time consuming to ask for things. I prefer the bar seating and service, usually. All in all, I think Soba is Pittsburgh's best place to eat and drink.
5	Let me start by saying that I do not normally take the time out of my busy day to write reviews for restaurants that I check in at. However, I felt particularly compelled to take 15 minutes to discuss Soba Lounge with the E-universe. Put simply, the food is amazing. I went with a group of friends and we all decided to splurge on a good meal. The end result was we still found ourselves talking about this meal the next morning. I have never tasted anything quite like the wagyu beef buns and highly recommend them. The combination of wagyu beef and flavorful kimchi, surrounded by a soft, delicate bun rivaled the best cheeseburger I've had in my life. For entree I went for the tandoori grilled salmon and this also did not disappoint. The salmon was cooked perfectly and was well complimented by a tangy yogurt sauce. The ambiance is an upscale, dimly lit presentation, perfect for a romantic date or a couples outing. The service was friendly and fairly timely. I look forward to the next time I am back in Pittsburgh area and can return, as the quality of the food is well worth the higher price-tag, and the menu provides adequate diversity.
2	I would prefer to leave 2.5 stars.  I ordered the kimchi pancakes and a salad I think.  The pancakes were ok, a little mushy but flavorful.  I wish I could remember the other thing, but it was better.  The kicker was when I ordered a glass of Laphroaig.  When the bill comes, it is 75 dollars.  Apparently the only Laphroaig they have is 30 years old and no longer being produced.  And is 50 dollars a glass.  Drinking Scotch in Pittsburgh has been fun so far.
5	miso black cod, thats all I have to say!  BEST DISH!the seared tuna is also quite tasty too.for appetizers the grilled octopus is to die for!  seriously tasty. great restaurant, great cocktails and all the food is amazing!don't get the chicken ramen, its very bland.
4	I am reserving the fifth star for when we return on our own dime and order from the menu. Went here for an alumni event with my husband.  There was open bar as well as passed hors devours.  Then they had a buffet station for dinner and dessert. Soba outdid itself.  We were about an hour late to the event, but they were still serving some hors devours.  I was able to sample a miso black cod bite in a Chinese soup spoon which was a delicious bite and perfectly cooked.  I also had a glass of Prosseco that my husband enjoyed as well. Then the dinner service began, which included chili garlic mashed potatoes, roasted vegetables, seared ahi tuna with korean bbq sauce, and filet mignon with a delicious sauce that I can't remember the name of. The food was phenomenal.  The tuna and filet mignon were both stellar and cooked to rare perfection. I also enjoyed a Last Word cocktail with dinner which was perfectly balanced and delicious. For dessert they brought out their chocolate pretzel stack which was delicious and so wonderful with a salty and sweet combination.  They also had what tasted like small lemon tart, but I can't find it on the menu. Overall I can't wait to return!  The service, food, and atmosphere where all fantastic!
5	Loved it! Great vibe.
4	Classy, fancy place. They offer complimentary valet parking next to the restaurant. Has a low light, candle lit interior. The service was prompt, and the waitresses were courteous. We got the black cod, wish was amazing, but didn't really come with anything else, and by itself was a little small. However, the duck clay pot, pad thai, and bi bim bap, all had decent portions. The duck was succulent. The pad thai and bi bim bap were also good, but hard to tell much difference from good but cheaper thai / korean restaurants.
3	My family and I dined at Soba Lounge for my graduation dinner. While the ambiance and service were great and some of the dishes were delicious, many of the dishes were way too salty.We decided to share the lobster maki and the sea scallops.  Both were good and the sea scallops were cooked perfectly.My mom chose to get the grilled baby octopus and the chopped salad.  The baby octopus was very tender, but was a bit too salty.  The chopped salad was probably one of the best dishes I tried that night because it was so light and refreshing whereas everything else was on the saltier side. I got the seared rare tuna.  The tuna portion was sizable and I loved the crunchy texture of the crust with the melt-in-your-mouth rare interior. However I thought it could have done without the korean bbq sauce. I felt like there were too many flavors that were competing with the dish when all I wanted to do was taste the tuna. The cucumber and red onion salad was delicious but I did not like the kimchi at all.  Maybe it's because I'm Korean and more picky with kimchi but it was just too sour, which may be perfect for stews but is not really enjoyable for eating.  The ginger fried rice that came with my meal was a complete joke. It was so salty I could not take more than 3 bites of it and there was zero ginger flavor because all you could taste was the salt. My younger sister ordered the miso black cod, which she enjoyed although she said that it was a little over seasoned.  I got a bite of it and it was flaky and good. My older sister had the striped bass that she liked as well. My dad, however, got the pork and shrimp fried rice and was really unhappy with it.  The portion was massive but it didn't need to be because he barely made a dent in it.  Like my ginger fried rice, the pork and shrimp was way too salty.  Our waitress was really nice but I other than checking up on the food during the appetizers, she didn't ask about our entrees. I don't think my dad felt like making a fuss about it but when she asked if he wanted his meal to go because it was basically untouched, she didn't ask if there was anything wrong with it when he said no thanks. For dessert, my older sister got the coconut macaroon tart, which she devoured.  I chose the frozen cashew terrine, which was also really good.  The raspberry coulis way overpowered the mango, but other than that, the dessert was good. Overall, while there were good parts of the meal, I think you can't really overlook the general saltiness of many of the dishes.  I'm curious to see if it was just a fluke night and might want to go back since the restaurant was recommended by  many of my friends but there are so many other good restaurants in Pittsburgh that I don't know if I will choose to dine there again any time soon.
5	The tuna is so amazing. I am obsessed. The Kim chi side is a bit spicy for my tastes so I get it on the side. The Korean BBQ sauce is so good. A bit sweet and tangy. The tuna is always cooked to perfection and never chewy or fishy. Tastes like a steak. So, in other words, perfect. Worth the price. The happy hour is great, too. The drinks never fail. The calamari appetizer is so good. Lightly breaded, right amount of saltiness, and the dipping sauces are wonderful. I only go on special occasions, but I'll be back!
4	Nice place to eat great food.. But the hosted Was MEAN! As hell rude bitch..But FUN place to meet up with friend for drinks
4	I've never been to Soba to eat a proper dinner. Only for drinks in their old bar. I remember it being tiny and pretty unremarkable. But now... wow! It's really a beautiful space. They must have replaced the lounge and the drink menu... because now it's memorable!We were sitting there enjoying the open air windows looking onto the street, as the slight summer breeze rolled in, trying to figure out if this was an unused space or a new building they bought. Either way, the expansion is incredible! I truly enjoyed sitting in the lounge sipping on some pretty phenomenal cocktails. I think sometimes I just assume Meat and Potatoes and Acacia are going to be the joints were I'm going to enjoy a stellar cocktail and that's it. But how narrow minded of me? I should be equal opportunity cocktail, right?! I loved the Docksider (silver rum, aperol, agave nectar, grapefruit bitters, lemon, basil). I'm super into any cocktail with grapefruit, because that equals refreshing to me, and less sweet. But what blew me away was the Rebellion (beet infused wigle whiskey, luxardo maraschino). I love beets, so if you don't, this may not be the drink for you... BUT I thought it had a light beet taste with just the right amount of whiskey. And those maraschino cherries. Geez. I could eat gallons of them!We also sampled some grub from the menu. The spicy noodles were very good, with just the right amount of spice to make my noose run (a sign of good spice). I could have used a touch more veggies, as the mushrooms were very good, but I find noodle dishes never have enough veggies in them. I thought the pork rolls were okay as well as the calamari, but really dug the yellowtail sashimi. Fresh and delicious. Like it should be! I want to try every single drink. So let's begin...
5	Vegetarian review: Consistently great service and atmosphere. Delicious food with fresh, seasonal ingredients. Wonderful sake selection. Typically great beer list. Well crafted and interesting cocktails.
2	I've been to Soba Lounge before, three times before actually, and all three times I had a good meal, but my last visit was so unfortunately and unequivocally terrible that it felt necessary to share the details of our meal. For appetizer, we had the kimchi pancakes, which were not fully cooked. They were doughy and sticky, and when we informed out waiter, he agreed with us that it was not fully cooked, but made no move to return the dish to the kitchen until we requested that it be at the very least warmed up to a degree in which it was actually edible. I had the sea bass, which was mediocre and somehow different from the other wonderful times I had ordered this delightful dish - it lacked the explosively delicious flavors. The curry that was ordered was the worst - completely and wholly NOT recommended. The rice was tough (probably not fully cooked once again), and the spices were arbitrary to the chicken itself, as though they were thrown in after the chicken was already cooked. Given the price of Soba dishes, the bill certainly took a plunge into our wallets, but sadly with no degree of satisfaction for our taste buds or stomachs.
3	The bar and restaurant has nice decor. Very upbeat. The calamari was good but not exceptional. The Chaing Mai curry was so spicy hot I couldn't eat it. The service was unattentive.  Has potential but presently over rated.
4	I was pretty excited to try Soba Lounge for the first time - as a fan of the Big Burrito Group, I couldn't pass on the opportunity. As soon as we entered we were asked if we wanted to sit at a table on the right, or at the bar. If want a lounge experience, I highly suggest going to the bar which has couches as well as bar seats (better for groups), if you want an intimate conversation (2-4 people), I suggest being seated to the right.Food: We ordered the crispy tofu and mushroom & spinach dumplings for appetizers, the grilled salmon and spicy basil noodles for entrees, and shared the chocolate maki for dessert.Crispy Tofu: Must eat for vegetarians or meat eaters. Cooked perfectly, with a tangy sauceMushroom & spinach dumplings: a little smaller than expected, but the red pepper dipping sauce did it in for us. The combination of flavors was great.Spicy basil noodles: Seems pretty conventional to order here, but the waitress said that it was a "signature dish." Pretty standard if you ask me, but nothing to complain about.Chocolate Maki: We were excited for this, but unfortunately a tad disappointed. The pistachio cream and nuts were a great touch for the mousse, but the pistachio crepe had an awkward, rubbery taste to it.Drinks: The management and staff have differing opinions on weather or not you can bring a drink (from the bar) to your table. To clarify: YOU CAN. Go ahead and order a drink at the bar (very good cocktails/martinis) and walk over to your table. If you're a gin drinker, I highly recommend the Bee Keeper (my favorite) and Gin Blossom. The bartenders aren't shy with alcohol, so keep that in mind.Atmosphere & Service: The waitress was super helpful, and the atmosphere provided a good medium for a great conversation. Overall, great restaurant, but a little on the pricier side.
5	Love love love this place. They did an amazing job. Favorite place for happy hour.
4	Amazing ambiance. VERY good food. Sat outside on the upstairs deck. It was raining and they had the deck covered with the awnings and it was sooooo peaceful. Absolutely love this place.
5	great food, and atmosphere!
5	I love coming to Soba -- everything I have ever had here has been wonderful, from happy hour cocktails and appetizers to full course meals. I can never pass up the crispy tofu (which is also great at Mad Mex) -- it's the perfect balance of sweet and tart. For dinner, I realize the menu changes all the time, but if you ever come across it, I highly recommend the butternut squash soup as a starter. It's delicious! It's filling on its own (almost), but naturally I followed it with one of the noodle bowls with chicken, which was just spicy enough with flavorful chicken and vegetables.  The curry dishes are excellent, too. Soba service has always been friendly and attentive, and I love the dimly lit atmosphere and decor, particularly the waterfall wall. Meals are on the pricer side, but it's a nice night out, so it makes up for it (appetizers are around $12, meals are around $18-38 each).They have excellent cocktails for happy hour, too, even if they are a bit on the pricey side ($10-13). Soba has great ambience for happy hour, too -- comfy seats and plenty of room for chatting. Whether you come here for a drink or a meal, it's always a pleasant experience.
5	I really like happy hour here. Friday gets packed and the happy hour drinks are to dye for. The food I'd over the top. You must try. Dress stylish for it is a funky upbeat feeling to the place.Hope to see you there.
4	We made an 8:30 reservation at 8:15, and were seated as soon as we arrived. We asked to be seated in the lounge/bar area and they did it without a problem.Cocktails: nicely done, stiff but not too strong. Not memorable, but not disappointing. Food: incredible!! Absolutely get the calamari; the mint cilantro combination feels like flavor bursts in your mouth. The Korean BBQ ribs were so tender and fell right off the bone. The tuna tartare is nothing special, but still pretty tasty. The lettuce pork appetizer dish was also incredible. They were also really accommodating of allergies, which is always appreciated. Service: the hostesses were very polite, but the wait staff was really slow. I'm guessing they need more in the area.
3	I've been to Soba a couple times now, and both times the food has been quite amazing.I got a ramen dish last time that was amazingly spicy - in a good, sinus-clearing, make-you-think-about-what-you-just-done-boy sort of way.The interior decor is quite beautiful and relaxing and swank. Presentation is quite nice too (well, soup can only get so pretty). I found the wait staff to be a little on the smug and unfriendly side, though. It isn't very clear how they separate the bar service from the seated tables, or where you're supposed to sit down, or how their whole system works. None of the staff seemed overly ambitious or excited to invite some new customers in.I couldn't tell if they just are unhappy in their jobs or if they think they're top shit and should treat their clients like they don't belong, or what the deal was.  Perhaps it was just one experience. I'll be back to try it again - because the food is worth it.
1	Hands down the most disrespectful and terrible lounge in pittsburgh. Appalling service, I went there with 6 people, restaurant was empty and sat there for twenty minutes with staff walking by. The lounge was empty, was there from 8-11 she didn't check on us once, we had to flag her down , complained to the manager with no response. NYC prices as well, very embarrassed for the big burrito company.
3	Ambience was beautiful but main dishes were not as good as appetizers. Rice was incredibly salty, and the duck was "recommended" to be cooked medium rare, however it was terribly rubbery and fatty. The sauce was good though. It took 45 minutes for us to get our check. Go for drinks, not for meal
5	Soba is usually my pick to use my free entree coupon from the Big Burrito restaurant group and there's a reason I keep going back. It's fantastic! It's a bit pricey, but not stuffy or pretentious at all. Their food menu changes daily and takes advantage of local and seasonal ingredients, but if they ever get rid of the Chocolate Pretzel Stack desert, they might have a mutiny on their hands! Their recent remodel really opened up the space, yet it still feels very cozy. The servers are always friendly and attentive and I've never had a bad experience here. Definitely a great "special occasion" or romantic restaurant.
5	Excellent food. They did a great job with the renovation- the place is swank!
5	I love the ambience here, and the fact that it is so close to my house is a definite plus! Although, it is dangerous to be so close to one of my favorite spots in the city. The tuna is my absolute favorite entree, hands down. The Korean barbecue sauce on the tuna has the perfect amount of acid and heat, and the sesame crust adds just the right amount of crunch for texture. It is served with ginger fried rice and kimchi, and both are always delicious.To start, try the lobster maki and the Korean BBQ ribs. The octopus starter is also fantastic if you are feeling adventurous. I am obsessed with the chopped salad. I could eat this daily-no joke. The combination of daikon and mango with mint and cashews is absolutely perfect. I absolutely love love love this salad.If you venture upstairs to Umi in your future eating adventures, rest assured that Umi's dessert menu features all Soba desserts. They always have a seasonal shortcake-my favorite is the plum. And the chocolate pretzel stack is pretty spectacular, despite the fact that I'm not really a chocolate person. The only person in my party who wasn't blown away by their food the last time I was here ordered the vegetarian curry option. It was just okay due to its lack of complexity and flavor. But, unless you are a vegetarian, you really can't go wrong with any of the other entrees. Enjoy!
4	I been to Soba a few times and I love the food.  The appetizers are particularly wonderful, so this last time I ordered 3 appetizers, then split an entree.  Yeah, that works.  The mussels are very flavorful: Blue Bay mussels, Thai sausage, basil, and Szechuan peppercorn.  I can also recommend the Filet Mignon, which is prepared with chili garlic mashed potatoes, wild mushrooms, garlic soy,  and pea shoots.  Delicious.  I think the service could tighten up a bit, and I wish the Hostess would be a little more welcoming, but on the whole, the service was good.
5	Soba is great! The food is delicious, and sometimes (positively) surprising. For example, their mashed potatoes have an asian twist to them and are a little bit spicy! I like the atmosphere, interior and the service has always been great.
3	Not my cup of tea. I did not like my tuna entree, despite it being somewhere around $35. I do enjoy their cocktails, and like to come to the bar for happy hour.
4	Ambiance was perfect for a date night. Not too loud not too quiet. Our waitress was nice and very helpful in suggesting appetizers and cocktails. "Offer you can't refuse" cocktail was delicious! Food was great too but I'm giving Soba 4 stars because nothing was super memorable. I'll definitely go back, but not because I'm craving something I ate.
2	Went to Soba to celebrate my sons birthday. Quality of food was not at all what was expected for the price. We have eaten there several times in the past but not sure that we will be going back anytime soon.
3	I came here around 9:30 pm on a Friday and had a reservation even though there appeared to be some open tables. The drinks are worth it, especially the offer you can't refuse drink-I had two. The food is alright. I had the pork and shrimp fried rice. I've definitely had better thai food in other restaurants at a much lower price..but come for the atmosphere, I suppose.
2	My boyfriend and I went here for a nice birthday dinner. I thought it would have mire Japanese options on the menu being named soba. I ordered the black truffle-potato samosa which was not bad. I also had the chopped salad which I suprisingly really enjoyed despite it being iceburgh lettuce which is definitely not what I use for a good salad. I wish they didn't put fried batter all over it though. Last I had the vegetarian curry dish, the only vegetarian main I found. It was boring and not enough curry gravy with plain white rice! No delicious fragrant jasmine rice....Also deep fried the Naan, didn't enjoy that. The potatoes were also undercooked with not much flavor in the dish overall. We were put at a table in the very corner of the third floor and all I had to stare at was a wall and an ugly floating tv hutch. It was very cold.We were the first people in the restaurant but took FOREVER to get served. Everything took a long time to come out and the service was very poor. Needless to say I was extremely disappointed. I heard umi is also one of their restaurants and I loved it so I thought this one may have been just as good. It was not enjoyable. Also the valet took FOREVER though it's a tiny parking lot right outside the front door and the booth was freezing despite a heater hanging way too high and no door. Heat rises....I thought most people knew this.
3	I had dinner and drinks with a group of 7 just before Thanksgiving.  Soba was one of the few places in the area that was able to accomodate a Friday night reservation for that many people in a short time, so that was great.The drinks are good, and the wine list is decent.  We were there at Happy Hour time, but you have to go to the bar yourself for the Happy Hour offerings and prices, which was a little annoying but not a big deal.  However, my husband ordered the Manhattan off of the Happy Hour menu, but the bartender made him the regular one, which was twice the price, even though he pointed to the HH one.  Not sure where the miscommunication was there, but then the bartender did not offer to remake or take back the incorrect drink.  Again, not a huge issue, just a little grievance.Overall the food was just ok, I did not find it specatcular to warrant 5 stars.  Casbah is still our go-to restaurant in the Big Burrito group, but Soba is nice for a change.
4	I stopped by here last night with my fiance and parents for dinner.  It had been awhile since the last time that I had visited Soba and it was nice to see that they had renovated the restaurant.  I have always found Soba to be a pretty cool place and these renovations have only helped.  One of the most distinct parts of the restaurant is a wall in the dining room that has water coming down it giving it a  waterfall-esque feel.  Beyond that there are three levels of dining which is pretty unique for Pittsburgh restaurants.  On this day we were seated on the second floor although I have eaten on all of them before.   Finally the bar section of the restaurant is also pretty cool with a nice bar and then the surrounding tables seated down pretty low to the floor which is probably to give it an Asian feel.For dinner my fiance and I decided to start off the evening with the crispy tofu.  This is one of my favorite appetizers in Pittsburgh and it once again delivered.  I don't know how they get the tofu so crispy on the outside and yet still somewhat silky on the inside but they do consistently.  The dish is covered with a wonderful lemongrass sauce and garnished with some peanuts, scallions and jalepenos with the jalepenos being a new addition since the last time that I had tried it.  While I thought that the jalepenos added quite a bit to the dish, my mother, who normally doesn't handle any spice very well, did not and ended up with her mouth on fire.  For my entree I decided to go with the Dolsot Bi Bim Bap while my fiance went with the Pad Thai.  If you have never ordered dolsot bibimbap, the dish is served in an hot stone bowl with all of the ingredients on top of the rice and the rice against the bottom of the bowl which makes the rice crispy.  This version of bibimbap came with beef tips, poached egg, pickled shiitake, cucumber kim chi, mung bean sprouts, scallion, nori and goju jang.  While I enjoyed the general flavoring of my dish with everything mixed together, I was not too happy with a couple pieces of meat that were in my dish.  They were hard and if I had to guess, they had some tendon in them which is not what you are looking for whenever you are eating pre-cut beef tips.  Beyond my dish I was also able to try some of my fiances Pad Thai, specifically some shrimp from it.  It had some fabulous flavor with the slight natural sweetness of the shrimp combining with the taste of grilling.The bottom line for me is that I will definitely head back to Soba again in the future.  While this visit was not the best due to the beef tips (hence the four stars instead of the five stars I would have given on all previous visits), everything that I had still tasted good and I still think that Soba is in my top 5 list for restaurants in Pittsburgh.
5	My husband and I went here recently to celebrate his birthday. We decided on the crispy tofu and the four-course tasting menu they were offering for the Chinese New Year. Every single course, from the dumplings to the dessert was delicious. Our server was very polite and knowledgable as we're the food runners. We will definitely be back.
5	Amazing food, lovely atmosphere. Lot of the menu changes seasonally. We probably come here twice a month. I try to avoid ordering the same thing over an over (the fillet mignon is just outstanding), and I have never been disappointed.It's a bit on the pricey side, but I think it's worth it for a date or even a group night out.The upstairs covered patio area is great in the summer time.
5	The crab meat corn-chowder appetizer is the finest appetizer I have ever had in my life. I have been to most of the great restaurants in New York City over the past 30 years, and that statement stands.Just fabulous.
4	It's beautiful and dark inside, each corner has something interesting to look at or a different texture.  It's a lot to take in before you even open the menu.  We started with drinks (old fashioned cider for me - a little cider wouldn't have killed you on this - I didn't order a cup of bourbon over ice) and a beer for the husband.  I also tried a sangria, but it was more kool-aid than wine. Onto the food!  We started with three things - tuna maki, rock shrimp tempura the crab-corn chowder.  Each was absolutely amazing!  The tuna was super flavorful, the rock shrimp was perfectly seasoned and cooked and the chowder.  Wow.  I really want to go back and just bathe in the chowder.  It was spicy and crabby and super thick.  More like a corn milkshake.  Delish!I had the seafood hot pot and J had the pad thai.  The pad thai was perfection.  My hot pot left me a little confused.  It sounded like soup, but came out in a weird bowl with like a thick mixture on the bottom not resembling soup broth.  The mussels were good, but small.  The scallops were amazing.  The fish cake was also very flavorful and not at all fishy, like I had had in prior fish cakes.  It wasn't that any distinct part wasn't good, it just wasn't what I was expecting.
5	After reviewing some of the top restaurants in Pittsburgh I decided that this would be a great place to celebrate our anniversary. I had fairly high expectations and I can honestly say that they were all met! On Open Table I requested a quiet table and the request was honored, which is always a huge plus. Our waiter was very helpful and friendly, even when I asked to exchange my cocktail since I thought the one I ordered was a  bit sour. Fortunately the second cocktail made with honey and gin was amazing!For an appetizer we shared the hamachi sashimi and it was perfectly delicious. For our entree we shared the ahi tuna and it was very fresh and well-seasoned. The Korean barbecue sauce served over the tuna was on the spicy side, but not too much so, the ginger fried rice and kim chi served alongside were also very good. For our dessert we shared the chocolate maki and wow, it was amazing! This is definitely a must if you visit this restaurant! It's incredibly decadent and certainly large enough to share. Taste aside, the presentation makes it worth trying: in place of ginger they serve freshly grated melon and what looks just like wasabi is actually whipped pistachio cream. I'd definitely visit this restaurant again!
4	I found the food here to be there. The atmosphere in Decor was spectacular however. I ordered the seared tuna and the sides were delicious, but the tuna was average. I also ordered the ice cream sandwiches for dessert and was not overly impressed... although they were good, they were not at the level I had expected.
5	The Vietnamese short rib was amazing, the hotteok will change your life.  Excellent atmosphere and experience all around.  Get a desert!
4	Soba had become one of our regular spots for big family dinners. Most recently we came for my sisters birthday. I was able to get reservations for 7 at the last minute for Saturday night. We had a long table next to the waterfall on the first floor. It was a high top so it wasn't the most comfortable but for a last minute reservation it worked.We started with the calamari which was delicious and then dived right into entrees. I had what I always get- the seared tuna. It's crusted with sesame seeds and comes with rice, BBQ sauce, Kim chee, and pickled vegetable. It's so delicious I never get anything else. I had bits of my moms duck which was also delicious and the boyfriends sea bass was amaze! We did not stay for dessert at this visit but in the past I have enjoyed the ice cream with cashew dessert. Soba is really so good. And it looks to beautiful.
5	My favorite place in Pittsburgh! The crispy  tofu there is so amazing! My next best dish is the thakkali curry.. The drinks specially the Asian plum sangria is fantastic.. Love the ambience! It's like a place in New York. Good veggie options.
4	I'm a bit of a regular here. I'd like to give it 5 stars, but almost every time I go my friends and I get frustrated with the service, so I had to knock it down to 4 stars. The servers are extremely inattentive. We always sit in the bar/lounge area, which is beautifully decorated and has quite a fresh, relaxing vibe. The drinks and food are excellent -- I've only had 1 slightly bad food experience here out of probably 15 visits. During happy hour, drinks are cheaper and we always get a few apps to share. The food is really outstanding, full of flavors and VERY unique for Pittsburgh. I love it! Go!
5	AMAZING! we had such a sublime experience here.  Service was wonderful, efficient, not fussy or intrusive.  The food?  Awesome!  We started with the crispy calamari and the crystal dumplings (?) or whatever they were called.  Both were delicious.John had the bibimbap and I had the duck, which we both agreed was the best duck we'd ever had.  Just perfect.We're not big on desserts, but it was a special occasion, so we splurged.  John had the terrine and I had the ice cream sandwich, both very nice endings to a fantastic meal.  Can't wait to go again!
5	I really love Soba!Soba has been around forever...possibly 20 years?  It's been one of my favorite dining spots in town for a long time.  It's at least 15 yrs old bc I had my 21st birthday dinner there.  I recommend you make reservations before dining here, and you can do it electronically through their website, its really easy.Before your dinner I urge you to have cocktails in their bar.  Its a lovely space, in fact I've come here just for cocktails.  The restaurant itself has a really cool vibe to it.  Asian fusion meets dark wood?  I dont know how to explain it, but its a beautiful restaurant perfect for a romantic dinner, dinner w/ girlfriends, or even a business meeting.I like to sit out on the covered patio.  In fact the last time I was there, it poured rain and it was actually kind of romantic and cool to hear the rain.  But anyway the food...the food...  You're not going to leave stuffed but you will leave happy.  I love thier crispy tofu appetizer and miss it when I haven't had it in awhile the way some people miss their ex's.  I usually order the pad thai when here, it is delicious and balanced and not too salty.  If they have scallops on the menu, get those.  They're fantastic.I dont like chocolate, ever, at all--but their chocolate maki dessert is to die for.Soba is not cheap, but I do think it's completely reasonable.  They've got a great wine list and the service is always great.
5	Soba is one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. It is your standard Asian fusion fare.  I have a strategy I enjoy. I make a reservation on OpenTable set for right after happy hour.The cocktails are excellent. The happy hour specials make it a great time. The bar is very nice.  The cocktail specials are balanced. Hard drinkers can get a strong drink, lighter drinkers can get a sweet drink. Everyone wins.  Given the special, I'm willing to take risks and try anything.After happy hour, it is off to dinner.  The food is great. I particularly enjoy the fried rice, ramen, tuna, and the special courses.  My most recent visit was during the water festival. My meal was amazing.Finally is the desert. The chocolate maki is absolutely amazing.Overall, the drinks are great, the food is great, and the ambience is great.
3	My worst dining experience while working in Pittsburgh. Up until tonight I've thought "these are the nicest people I've met" more than any other city I've worked in recently. Soba's staff has cured me of that. Food was good not great and my server acted as though my table of one was a bother even though I spent 60 bucks and ate within an hour with a 20% tip. My co workers were interested in checking this place out before we all head back to Los Angeles but I'll let them all know it's not worth a visit. Pittsburgh has some great restaurants but this is not one of them.
4	Food is very good, not outstanding and they are  pretentious. They seem to be very New York like in terms of seating trendy looking people in the front and parking the Bentley's ou front with lots of orange cones. One of the six of us got the wrong dish, but she ate it. Turns out to have been the best dish.
1	We have been regulars at Soba for years, sharing a few appetizers at the bar-lounge on a quiet evening and enjoying the food. Last night was different. For the very first time the food was awful.  A scallion pancake replaced the kimchee pancake. The chef, who we learned was new, obviously had no idea that a pancake is the glue that holds a tasty morsel together. This was pure glue, tasteless and sticky. Where was the content, the taste, the flavor? The lump-crab egg roll was worthy of a corner take-out Chinese eatery, oily mostly. A pulled pork appetizer was passable, nowhere near the dish it replaced. find a new chef quickly.John E. Raffie.
2	Food ordered:Drinks - Rhubarb Fizz, Flying Dog PorterAppetizers - Potstickers and Lettuce WrapsEntrees - Dolsot Bi Bim Bap and Vietnamese Beef NoodlesFor $12, the Rhubarb FIzz was underwhelming, over-iced, overly bittered. Flying Dog Porter is a great beer. The Potstickers were ok, but tiny, while the Lettuce Wraps were the star of the entire dinner. Vietnamese Beef Noodles were bland and flavorless. The menu lists them as including jalapeno, but there was no heat whatsoever. As for the Bi Bim Bap, I've had this a few times at Korean restaurants, and it was very... different. They essentially took the appetizers and side dishes and tossed them in the pot. The kim chi and pickled shiitake just didn't belong in the dish, and brought a very off flavor to the entire things. It took a full dousing of the goju jang for the dish to be eatable. Very very disappointing.Service was ok. They asked how the meal was too many times, yet after 15 minutes I had to flag down a waiter just for them to take my card so we could pay and leave.It was my wife's birthday, and we took advantage of Big Burrito's GREAT free entree promotion, but even with $23 worth of Vietnamese Beef Noodles taken off the check, I still felt completely ripped off paying $80 for the rest of the meal and a tip. I'd much rather go to Noodlehead and pay $20 for a much better meal next time.
3	Just had dinner at Soba with the girlfriend and two friends.  It was a disappointment from top to bottom as we were excited for a very good asian infused dinner but instead experienced an average at best night out.  At first we were greeted instantly by our server and things started off fine.  However once we placed our drinks it took the staff, I kid you not 25 minutes to make and bring 4 drinks. They would have never been brought if the manager didnt approach the table and ask if everything was ok.  After he finally brought them with the time in mind he did comp our round which was a nice gesture.  The appetizers, which mind you were brought out BEFORE the drinks, without any staff paying attention that fact.  Apps were the best part of the meal.  Korean BBQ Ribs, were dry and really needed the extra bbq sauce to make the rib succulent and still the flavor wasn't anything to write home about. The Rock Shrimp was excellent, very light batter, fantastic lightly spicy sauce and spiced well. same shrimp as Umi.  The Softshell crab was pretty good, the heirloom tomatoes and avocado added a nice touch and the crab was prepared perfectly, soft and a good crisp crunch. What really hurt this experience were the entrees. I had ordered the Double Cut Pork Chop and ordered it cooked to the chefs suggestion in preparation when it came out, it was a tough pork chop, noticeable without even cutting into it.  I dealt with it and continued to eat it but overall a tough and dry dish.  The accompaniments such as snap peas, lotus root and mushrooms just seemed very thrown together, and didnt add anything to the taste of the dish, did not mesh well. My friend ordered the Roasted Chicken which was a variation of a chicken ramen soup.  For $22 a ramen entree should be out of this world and it was far from that, and it was work to get the dish into ready condition to be consumed. The girls ordered shareable sushi offerings and found them to be just ok nothing greater than they have had at good sushi restaurants.  The service was lacking all around our meal.  Apparently it was "Jam on Walnut St Festival" which meant that many checked out the soba bar for drinks.  However when I went to the restroom and passed by it looked like a normal bar scene to me.  Not only did our beverages take 25 minutes to arrive.  The waiter never checked up on us after app or entree until we were obviously ready for the table to cleared and when I was served my pork chop I still was left with a butterknife to cut this tough piece of meat.  Had to ask server for a steak knife, which was clearly meant to be served with this dish.  When the girls got their shareable entrees the dumpings they ordered were replaced by shittake mushroom dumplings when they ordered shrimp.  The ambience of the restaurant is nice but some of our party had trouble seeing as it is extremely dim all around making it tough to read and even see your dish.  There was a lot of cell phones out at tables around us for flash light usage.I wouldn't return to Soba it just does not offer enough for me to justify the cost and it looks like right now they are having trouble serving dinner on a saturday night.
5	I am new to Yelp - even though I haven't been to Soba in awhile it is my absolute favorite place to go for a nicer meal in Pittsburgh.  If I ever have the choice - the Seared Ahi Tuna with BBQ would be my last meal on earth.  The atmosphere, the service, the food, the drinks (Pickle Martini!), everything is always on point.  I highly recommend Soba!
5	I'm the first person to stick my nose up at Asian fusion, but hot dang, I had a wonderful meal here. Hamachi sashimi appetizer - Delectable! Raw fish paired with avocado and an interesting garlic sauce for a bit of salt. Yum yum yum. Korean barbecue ribs - Fall off the bone. Unbelievably tender. Seared rare tuna - Almost 2 inches thick, and totally rare on the inside, with a crust of sesame seeds. Brilliant idea. Kimchi on the side for a flavor punch, and ginger fried rice was tasty too. Ambiance was contemporary, intimate, and cozy. Dark lighting sets the mood for a date, but I came here with family and still loved it. Upstairs patio was a bit muggy in the summer, but has nice views.
4	I've been to Soba numerous times, mostly for drinks at their lovely bar, but most recently I enjoyed dinner with two Australians that were visiting for the weekend. We sat in the upstairs area which is just as sexy as the rest of the restaurant. I enjoyed a glass of Tempranillo, my guests enjoyed a carafe of sake. I strongly believe their wine prices lean toward the higher end, but it's Shadyside and I wouldn't expect anything different. I'm a fan of mussels, although I have yet to have better mussels than those served at nearby Point Brugges. The mussels at Soba were on the smaller side, although there were plenty in the bowl. The broth was good, although it was difficult to soak it up with the yummy pita that they served on the side. My guests both enjoyed their meals. We finished the evening up with a creme brulee. It was quite delicious although there was a very small piece of hard plastic that we found. We brought this to the servers attention. We greatly appreciated the dessert being removed from the bill, including our drinks. Despite this fluke, I will be back and will continue to support this restaurant.
2	Food was okay. Service okay. A bit expensive for the quality of food served. Thai corn soup jumbo crab??? Good lucking finding a piece of crab meat.  Pad Thai at a fusion place? Not good at all...Better go to a real thai restaurant for pad Thai. Tandoori Salmon was average. I still don't understand why they served their fancy cream soda warm.  A cup given with no ice and a bottle of soda?  Why weren't their any ice in the glass? Who drinks sodas at room temperature. This restaurant maybe was trying to be too fancy and forgot the basics of ICE.  Maybe it is really just me who prefer cold sodas. Overall it is okay, but not justified by the price.
5	Consistently outstanding and creative food served professionally in a great and even varied ambiance. What more could you ask for? Oh yes, excellent wine list and drinks.
4	Had the famous "Birthday Coupon" and decided to make it worth the free entree. This place has been on my list for a while, and I was finally able to convince my husband make the trip for date night. The only seating available without a reservation was at the bar, which is never a problem for us. We were two of the only three people there, and it was really quiet, so perfect!We were greeted by the bartender who was very knowledgeable and friendly. He provided us with drink menus and gave us an ample amount of time to decide. We started with the hamachi sashimi, which was a brilliant blend of pomegranate, pear, and avocado with amber jack tuna. A spicy little sauce was plated along with it, and the mix was really tasty. Beautiful presentation as well. My main course was the Thaikkal curry, which was a fun, educational dish for me. First, the eggplant was fire-grilled, which blended so well with the curry sauce. It was plated with bean sprouts and slices of fresh mango, which I had never thought to pair with a curry. The roti was fried, which I didn't prefer. My husband ordered the seafood hot pot. Quite a full portion of seafood with a side of rice, this vast array of shellfish went down quick. His comment was "It's Big Burrito salty."Really savory food and pleasant service in an atmosphere drowned in Massive Attack. That's Soba.
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants. Has gone through a couple of face lifts with the most recent being the best. The bar side, where I go almost every time is much more comfortable and cooler than before. The drinks. I think they have a pretty decent cocktail and wine list. They are very well made and although expensive, pretty generous. Really like Laura the bartender. She is solid. The beers on tap are minimal and pretty safe bets with a few more to chose from by the bottle, but not a beer snob Mecca. The food. I really enjoy places that spotlight small plates allowing you to try many things. I can't remember a small plate I did not like and can remember a few I wish would come back.....uhhh soft shells...  Usuall don't go for an entree but my wife and I split the filet one unadventurous night and it was delicious and very cleverly done. It is expensive but very high quality and It's a great place to come alone, as a couple or a group. One of BB's gems.
3	I went to Pittsburgh for the first time to visit my friend and we were trying to choose a restaurant for dinner.  Like I do when I visit any new city, I researched the best restaurants in the city based on yelp, food websites and word of mouth.  My friend and I came across Soba as a highly regarded restaurant.  Friends who live in Pittsburgh mentioned that Soba was a great choice.The interior of Soba reminded me of a restaurant in NYC.  The inside looks very modern with a lot of wood and glass material and is spacious with multiple floors.  There is complimentary valet parking at Soba which makes parking easy.  We chose the crispy calamari as an appetizer and shared the thakkali curry and pad thai for the entrees.  The crispy calamari was okay - similar to crispy calamari I had at other restaurants.  The thakkali curry was very salty and there was not enough liquid to balance out all the vegetables.  We had trouble eating the curry as the sauce was very pungent.  The pad thai was nothing spectacular - definitely had better in NYC and Philadelphia.  The portion sizes of all the food that we ordered were very generous.  I did not appreciate the lighting in the restaurant as it was very dark and I could barely read the menu or tell what was in my food.  Unfortunately, we may have ordered the wrong food as we heard such great reviews about Soba.
3	I've had many great experience at Soba, but our most recent visit didn't quite match the rest.The service was great, as usual, but we had a few misses with the food.We started off with the spicy pork lettuce wraps, which were delicious last time!  This time, soooo salty.  Omg.  It was as if someone had spilled salt into the bowl.  Granted, it wasn't enough to be completely inedible, but it did sort of ruin the dish.For the main course, I had my usual Bi Bim Bap and my wife had her usual tuna.  Her tuna was done perfectly.  They seem to have this nailed.  My bi bim bap was hot, but lacked any of the crispy, slightly dry rice around the outsides of the bowl.  It was all just regular-old, glutinous, freshly steamed rice.  For bi bim bap lovers, you know that the little added crunch and texture of that crusty rice really makes the dish!We had an early reservation so we could make an early show.  My guess is that the kitchen hadn't quite "gotten up to speed" for the dinner rush yet.  Oh well.  I would still whole-heartedly recommend Soba, but this time was a miss.
4	Definitely one of the better and more upscale modern Asian restaurants in Pittsburgh (excluding Thai food- so many good options). This was my first time at Soba after spending many visits at Umi. I would argue that Umi is the better sibling with excellent sushi options (with a hefty price tag) but Soba is a bit more approachable to the person who is less familiar with or doesn't want sushi. In all, it's a good place for a date with a desire for reasonable and modern Asian fusion. Ambience:Trendy, dimly lit and very clean decor. It suits the cuisine and is well set for small groups or a date. Not too loud but certainly not dead either. I loved the bar area- has a mix of bar and casual couch/lovechair seating that's well suited for a date or small group. Based on the clientele and set up, I'd lean towards trendy attire if you come here- not a casual place by any means. Food:Thai corn chowder- so good and very rich. I would return just for that dish. For an entree, I had the seared rare tuna. They definitely didn't skimp on my portion of tuna and cooked it well. Granted tuna is a bit bland, I was hoping for more seasoning and oomph from the Korean barbecue sauce. The ginger fried rice made up for any disappointment I had with the tuna. For dessert, the chocolate pretzel stack was fantastic- perfect mix of chocolate, sweet caramel and the salty wonton chip. Drinks:The old fashioned was well-executed. Went back for a second. Can't speak for any of their other cocktails.
5	Amazing Two Fish Tempura Fat Roll...one of the best things I've tasted, seriously.Excellent Thai Corn Chowder.Incredible Black Cod.This place does Asian Fusion well!
5	This review is more general as opposed to a single visit, and applies to Soba post renovation. Going here, the more expensive price is expected, and honestly worth it. I don't mind paying more money when the food is delicious, the service great on all levels, and the ambiance enjoyable. Soba achieves all three with flying colors. The first time I came with a large group and sat in the main dining area, and we were accommodated very well with fast flawless service. We ordered a variety of dishes and I can't say I disliked any. I normally hate tofu, but I even enjoyed the fried tofu dish. I've come back twice since then, to eat in the bar area. Whether the place was crowded or less busy, there was no variation in the high quality of food and the speed and friendliness of service, a rare accomplishment. My advice for people coming here is to order a bunch of appetizers to share. The variety of flavors and foods is remarkable and it gives you a chance to experience the diversity this kitchen is capable of without investing a lot in one dish. That isn't to say that the entrees aren't also amazing, but this will help you have an idea of what you like best here and pick entrees that suit your tastes. But don't forget to make space for dessert. Their drink menu is also quite extensive, especially their offerings of a variety of sake to suit any dish or preference ranging from a standard carafe of warm sake to some limited edition bottles. If you're in the mood for Asian food and want some great fusion cuisine, this is the place to go. It's also a great place for a date or happy hour with colleagues/clients. Happy eating!
4	I've been here twice and am a huge fan. Asian fusion places are always tricky to master, but Soba has never failed to impress me. The main courses and desserts are delicious, beautiful, and have a nice spin on them without being too exotic or extreme. I can see both an Asian and Western flair in a variety of dishes, which is right up my ally.However, the two occasions I've been there, I find that the appetizers aren't as great as the main courses. The lobster tacos and the dumplings were bland and weren't seasoned well. I could definitely see having a bit more salt on the tacos and less of the mayo as a couple improvements, but the tacos were still delicious. The dumplings didn't have any taste and the dumpling itself was much too starchy than I was used to, but this is just a personal preference.Overall, I can definitely say that Soba has great main dishes and desserts and I'm hoping I can find that golden appetizer next time I come here.
4	I love, love, love their pad thai! My boyfriend had bi bam bap which he loved as well. We shared the tuna tartar for an appetizer then finished with the chocolate pretzel stack! All in all, it was a delicious meal which is why I give it 4 stars. The service was good, but nothing out of this world. Unfortunately due to its ambiance and set up, our table was next to an obnoxiously loud table which caused us to not hang out and drink anymore cocktails. A little more space between tables would be nice, but it's not stoping me from going back.Well done, Big Burrito!
3	Went to Soba for an anniversary dinner since we wanted to try something new and trendy. The interior (which I hear was renovated) was just that - NYC style trendy and the ambience was romantic. I had requested a seat overlooking the waterfall when I made the reservation which they said they could accommodate on the mezzanine but when we got there, they said it was closed. So we sat in the side room - not a huge deal.We had the Korean BBQ appetizer, which was DELICIOUS! It felt kind of funny eating with my hands whilst in such a nice restaurant wearing a pretty dress, but I would totally get these again. *mouth waters*For entrees I got the chicken ramen soup bowl which had a lot of chicken in it (pleasant surprise!) and was nice and hot. I added a little of the hot chutneys to it :) BF got the bim bam bop which he said was so-so. He asked for the egg on the side, but they plopped it in the middle. I'll have to say the service was so-so.Nice for a special occasion and with 2 $10 off entree holiday coupons it didn't break the bank.
