4	Food: This place has a good selection of food to pick from although the menu is basically only one one page (the other page is just full of drinks). I ordered the rotisserie chicken with mango sauce, plantains, and vegetables (green peas). The food was alright, but the mango sauce was so sweet and overpowering (I didn't really like it). The chicken itself was good though. The plantains and vegetables were drenched in the sauce so I didn't end up finishing it. I do recommend getting the Kobe burger though because it is really huge and it comes with potato and sweet potato fries (even though it doesn't say so on the menu). Service: Service was really good because the waitress kept coming by to see if everything was alright and this waiter even came too. The ironic part was that they kept coming by to see how I was when I didn't need anything, but when I needed more ketchup it took me about 10 minutes to get someone to come by. I don't really blame them though because I was basically telling them I was fine earlier. Decoration: This place looks really nice and fresh. I was sitting on elevated chairs since the table was high. The place is basically white and beige and everything seemed so modern. There is even a bar that serves lots of alcoholic drinks and there is a view of the pool (although I didn't really see anything since I went at night). There is soft, calming music playing in the background which adds more sophistication to the place. Summary:Food: B+Service: ADecoration: AClosing Comments:This place is great for late night dinner for those with a light to medium appetite. The setting is kind of intimate and quiet and is great for a relaxing meal. The waiters are down to earth and are willing to help you out with anything. The only downside to the place is that the food is a little overpriced, but then again it's a restaurant in Vegas!BTW...they offer a buffet option for $24.99, but do not get it because it is not worth it. The selection is very small and when I saw the people clean it up, they fit all the stuff on one cart...Just order from the menu.
5	My friend and I came here for dinner on New Years Eve. After wandering the halls looking for the Benihana-style Mizuno's and finding it had been closed, one of the staff members (tucked was in the back of the hotel) suggested we try three of their restaurants. One was a steakhouse, one was Italian, and the other was Cafe Nikky. After browsing the menu at the other two places we found that the steakhouse was more expensive than we would have liked. The Italian place offered nothing special and wasn't taking reservations until 8:30 (it was 7pm at the time). We decided to hit up Cafe Nikky before making our final decision. Upon checking out the menu and the decor from the hostess station, we were sold.The restaurant was pretty empty, a plus in our book. The decor was beautiful, modern with a beach flair. We sat at a high top table that looked like polished drift wood (no square high top tables, very nice). There was a mix of light, sandy colored wood and dark stained wood making for a nice ambiance. The servers were all dressed stylishly in khaki and white while the manager was in all black and the hostesses in form-fitting brown. Our server was very attentive and amazing! She never let 10 minutes go by without checking on us and had an excitement about the restaurant that one rarely sees in this day and age. She helped us make all of our meal decisions.The meal:Appetizer- fried calamari. it was perfectly crisp, yet chewy in all the right ways. it was large enough to be split but small enough to keep us hungry for dinner. the dipping sauce was incredible!Dinner: she had the seafood pasta. it was generous with the seafood (clams, shrimp, and scallops). All of the seafood was cooked perfectly. The pasta was in a nice, light lemon alfredo sauce (if I'm not mistaken). she loved it.I had the steak frites. I got a nice sized steak, a perfectly cooked medium. The fries were crispy and delicious. The veggies on the side (broccoli, mushrooms, string beans, bell peppers, and asparagus) were cooked perfectly with a nice sauce. The portion was generous and filling.Dessert: we had the chocolate napoleaon, or as our server referred to it, "the adult s'mores". whatever you call it, we loved it! the napoleon was made of nutella wafers with chocolate fudge and vanilla pudding sandwiched between. accompanying the amazingness was chocolate gelatto , and homemade cinnamon candied marshmallows. everything was amazing about this dessert. the marshmallows added a sweet and spicy touch to the creamy chocolate. like the appetizer, it was enough to share but wasn't a heavy dessert. a nice end to dinner.The thing about Cafe Nikky that floored us was the fact that it had been open for less than a month. Most restaurants that are that new are disappointments, not here. The service, food, wine selection, and drink menu and price were great! We spoke with the manager and complimented him and his staff on a job well done. the restaurant we ate in was a fraction of what it will be by the summer. They're adding two patios, one with sand and beach chairs to eat at. We'll be going back for sure!A little backstory: we came to Vegas for my 21st birthday (some 5 years ago) and happened upon Mizuno's. We all loved it; my brothers, my best friend (who appeared in this review) and our friend, Nikky. Since that amazing weekend, our dear friend Nikky passed away so visiting Mizuno's was a must-do anytime we were in the area. Unfortunately it was closed, as previously discussed. Call it fate, call it divine intervention, call it a sign, but we happened upon Cafe Nikky and absolutely loved it. Now, it's our new must-do and a fitting tribute to the beautiful woman we lost. Love you Nikky!!!
4	Stopped by this place after watching a show at the Tiffany Theater. It is a very nice Cafe with a nice selection of menu items. Open 24hrs, this is a new competitor for all my late night dining haunts. They had a Chicken Matso soup and a clam chowder on the menu that night. The Chicken Matso soup was delicious, light pieces of chicken in a great tasting Broth with Vegetables and a couple of tasty Matso balls. I would definitely have this again. Appetizers were the Lobster Corn Dogs and the Lobster roll. The Lobster Corn Dogs were done just right, not gooey around the Lobster meat, the Lobster was nice and sweet but not overcooked and the Corn Batter complimented very well. The Lobster Roll which is like a Cali Roll but with lobster substituted was OK. For the entree I had the glazed Mahi Mahi with Rice and Vegetables, which was good. The glaze was a bit sweet but the Mahi was done perfect. Two small fillets nice and flaky, heated right but not dry. I was satisfied with the portion size too. Desert was a Waffle and Ice Cream stack, I forget what it was called but it was good. The service was excellent quick to get our food and our drinks never went empty. We liked the decor as well, it had a modern beach feel with natural and stained wood which always reminds me of home. Overall a really good spot that I will definitely go to again.
3	Located inside the Tropicana Hotel. Went here for breakfast and had the option of ordering from the menu or getting all you can eat breakfast from the buffet. The group I was with opted to go for the Buffet. Beware of being offered the mimosas as they are not included with the Buffet Breakfast, and are definitely not worth it for the price.  If I remember correctly they were like 8 or 9 bucks each. The service is excellent, the Buffet breakfast is decent but don't expect anything too exciting. Just your basic eggs, bacon, potatoes, fruit, and some pastries. Would eat here again if I was staying at the Tropicana.
2	We went for lunch and had a great experience.  The service was amazing and the food was yummy.  The TV dinner with turkey and potatoes was seasoned perfectly and they got the portions just right.  Likewise I sampled some sushi and was please with the presentation and flavor. Best thing on the menu was the Philly Cheese Tater Skins and wanted to order about 5 more orders after tasting the yummy pieces of steak drenched in cheese whiz.  Later we returned around 6 to meet some friends for happy hour and go for round 2 of tater skins.  Our friend had already ordered all of the appetizers on the happy hour special.  When we joined the group we requested waters and an order of the tater skins in addition to our drinks.  We waited about 20 minutes till we got our cocktails only after flagging down the manager to check on the order.  He was polite and apologized and made sure our server got our drinks, she never brought our waters.  Our food was brought out and it was less than appealing.  The calamari fries were cold, the Pork Carnitas Spring Rolls were a mashed up flavorless mixture, and our sushi rolls looked an off color.   We complained to the manager again because out of the 6 or so dishes about only %5 was touched.  He took it off of our tab and sent the server over to get our drink orders.  We ordered and also asked about the skins.  We still had no waters so one of the persons in our party went and took the water pitcher from the server's well.  After about 30 more minutes we still didn't have our items and asked for the check.  It wasn't slammed in our area and ironically the singer Ne Yo was across from us and we watched as his table struggled with the same issue of slow service.  We left without ever getting our drinks, the water or the tater skins we had ordered.Perhaps against our better judgment we went back for a late night snack hoping to get the elusive Philly tater skins.   No luck the bartender was unsure what we were talking about, but was willing to check with the kitchen.  They said they could make them for us and we were delighted to get them again.  Sadly, when they came out they were something different than what we had feasted on earlier in the day.  It seems that there are issues of quality control that are being overlooked here.  It is as if each shift is operating independently of the one previously before it.  Nikki is a new business but I'm hoping they get it together before summer pool season hits.
5	I was shocked...SHOCKED I tell you... to walk into the renovated Tropicana and find a casino that didn't remind me of the floor of a tropical rain forest--dirt, decay, and things growing that might well kill you. It was really nice!I wandered around a bit, looking for a light lunch and Cafe Nikki seemed to be my only real option. I was greeted, then seated at the bar where the lovely bartender--Shannon, I believe--took great care of me.And when I say lovely...well, I mean that literally. In fact, the whole place is beautiful. It's shiny and new, bright and cheery, and classy. Spacious, with nice finishes. The place practically sparkled! And so did the staff. From the hostesses to Shannon in her form-fitting dress, to a waiter I saw (tight shirt to show off his chest) in the area to the delicious runner (hi, Cody!) who brought my food. Truly a feast for the eyes.The place was fairly dead around 2pm on a weekday. A smattering of tables, and 2-3 other people at the bar. So service was very good. My ice tea (just the regular kind, I was giving my liver a brief respite) was refilled before it ever emptied. My salad was brought out right away. I never wanted for anything.The prices were reasonable--for a restaurant in a hotel/casino on the strip. And my tea ended up being gratis, so even more so! The food was also good. My side salad was fresh, with just the right ratio of greens to veggies. And the greens were NOT iceberg lettuce, which is a good thing. My $14 "Philly style" Cuban sandwich was delicious and generously sized without being ridiculous. I recommend it! (The sandwiches include your choice of side salad, fries or fresh fruit. I love having options!)My only complaint, for a 0.5 star deduction, is that they wouldn't seat me outside. They said I could sit "by the window". Other people were outside, and there were open tables.... Not sure what that was about.Overall, 4.5 stars, rounded up to a very elusive 5 for not only a painless, but pleasant solo lunch experience. Thanks, Nikki!!
4	Hoppin'! Best spring rolls 4 happy hour!
4	nice decor (see my pics I added). Get the buffet for breakfast. Pretty good and you can get your food faster.  Drinks are included in price like coffee, o.j., juice.  If you want your eggs any way but scrambled, you will need to order from the menu.  $14.00 for buffet and $13.00 for fruit bowl.  You can see why the buffet is a better deal.
2	The food is very good, though overpriced. However, the service was so appallingly inefficient and slow that it ruined the meals (we ate there twice since we were staying at the tropicana.)We waited for a table for 10 minutes not because the dining room was full, or that other people were in line ahead of us, but because the hostess took our name down and disappeared. Our waiter disappeared on us too, but that was because the manager apparently wanted to meet with all his waiters in the middle of service. On a separate occasion, patrons at several tables just got up and walked to the bar to get refills on their drinks. Surreal.
3	Good food and ok prices.  The servers are nice but the service is really slow
3	Six of us gathered here for dinner. We happened to come in during happy hour (4-7 PM, M-F) and I was more than happy to order a $5 mojito. A decent drink. There was hardly anything vegetarian on the menu, so the sushi chef made me a custom veggie roll. It was ok. The ambiance is nice and our server was great - but I'm pretty sure we were his only table at the time. Nothing was good enough to make me want to go back.
2	Trying wayyyy too hard to be cool.  And thats saying something for Vegas.The vibe here was just weird and kinda obnoxious in retrospect.  We dropped by for a quick bite and a cocktail early in the evening.  The restaurant had a 15 min wait, but the hostess offered us a bar seat immediately so we went ahead and took that.The bartender was the saving grace of the whole experience, so kudos to the guy, but everything was setup to make his job impossibly hard.  We ordered a couple of cocktails but the most basic of things like spirits and mixers were in complete disarray.  He had to keep offering us alternatives as they were out of things as simple as Sky Vodka.  He was completely apologetic though, and a good guy doing his best in difficult circumstances.  During our brief experience, he ran out of spirits, glasses, mixers the works.   He also had some other patrons who were complete idiots, making him jump through hoops, we really felt for him.Anyway, we settled in ordered a few sushi rolls and a tuna/jicama taco thingy and settled in.  We sat back, watched the chaos unfold as the kitchen also was completely backed up, and all the other patrons at the bar were demanding our poor bartender solve the worlds problems with a click of his fingers.  Our food took forever to come out, but we were happy to sit back and relax, take things easy and have a few drinks.  Unlike, of course, one certain patron sat next to us, who had waited just as long and demanded to see a manager, after giving said bartender an incredibly hard time.  The manager eventually came over and did everything he could to placate her, offering freebies and discounts on the meal.  With her now happy, he just wandered off, oblivious to us and our wait, or indeed anyone else.  Pretty classy :)  In the end our order came out, after tons more waiting, and came out wrong to boot.  Our bartender had pretty much given up by now but knocked the price of one of the items of the bill for our wait.The food was ok but nothing special.  Over priced for sure.  Sushi was decently made, fresh fish, but the rice tasted as if it was cooked some time ago.   The tuna tacos using thinly sliced jicama as a shell were nothing great either, good idea, ok taste, difficult to actually eat in practice.Fairly poor experience all around, with only the bartender a shining light.  Nothing we could see to warrant a repeat visit really.
4	Day 1, Sat: Like another reviewer, I was SHOCKED at how nice the Tropicana was considering what I've heard! The remodeling is wonderful (even though I'm afraid to tell people that because I'm really in love with their prices right now). We meandered down from our room seeking a champagne buffet and fell in love with the $25 one they offered because unlike so many other Vegas champagne buffets, the food actually tasted good! The fresh fruit and omelette station were incredible. We had a nice corner table on the patio and enjoyed the view and beautiful weather, and our server Stephanie and busser Kevin made sure we were happy and our glasses were filled! Perfect morning. Day 2, Sun: Eh. We returned because we had such a great experience the prior morning. We asked for Stephanie but she was working inside, so we had another server because we wanted to enjoy some sun. Of course, the food was great again but the service was lacking. I didn't catch the name of our server but he was either too busy or inattentive to return to our table very often, and when he took a break his replacement just seemed upset with our presence. (To be fair to the relief guy, though, he seemed new and flustered.) Needless to say, we missed Stephanie and Kevin.Had we had a little better service on Sunday, my four stars would have gone to a five. All in all, though, I recommend heading to Cafe Nikki if you're looking for a yummy breakfast buffet. At $18 without champagne and $25, it's definitely one of the better buffets on the strip! Great atmosphere, great food, and possibly great service.
4	What to do for Mothers day?My choices were many but typically at jacked up rates starting at $45 anywhere decent, just because somewhere like Simons added another station to their buffet...Do I drop $250 plus for 2 Mom's and a 15 year old just to do it up right?Then along comes Nikki Cafe, some smart web search optimization brings up Nikki Beach when searching on Google and tucked away is the fact that the cafe is open even though Nikki Beach is not officially launching until May 26th, 2011.The BUFFET:Great array of fresh fruit, bacon, waffles, sausage, eggs and your standard fare was all but complete. Ingredients were fresh and routienely switch out. Omelet station hummed along and did a great job of cranking out your choice quickly. Sit around a little (we sat at 11am) and out comes lunch with a very tasty Chicken Pot Pie amongst other treats.So was Nikki Cafe the best food ever, no... best buffet ever, no... but was the food good and fresh then Yes. Our server Kevin was terrific and and the ball as were all the servers. They need to replace the hostesses though with something a little more senior, pack of 3 girls looking like they had an average age of 14 is not the best way to start but it's easily looked over.Best part : Value - $17.99 and add $7 extra for unlimited champagne and for less that $25 it's an outright steal. Can't wait for them to finish up the construction as I will be back.Thanks Nikki, ramp up the food and there are a few of us might drop 5 starts your way next time.TIP: Ask to sit outside, although windy you are shielded and we spent a very pleasant 2 hours just chillin!!!
3	Poor staff, forced to wear unflattering uniforms in beige.  I have no idea what this place was like before the renovation, but we enjoyed the homage to the Bahamas.  White gauze, light woods and the feeling of gentle breezes.  We waited for an outside table to catch some rays while having the brunch buffet: $17 or $24 for unlimited champagne.  The buffet is small with samplings of fruit, salad, average california rolls, bland bacon mac, and an omelet station.  Toast will cost you an extra $4 (seems kind of chintzy, no?). On the bright side, cocktails from the bar are some of the best I've sampled.  I had something with pineapple smash that I still can't get out of my head.Not really a destination but a must do if you're staying at Tropicana.
4	I'll give it a four because it is fine dining and the food did taste very good, but depending on the meal, I would vote it a 3 or a 4.Breakfast? 3.  They have a buffet for $18, which is good considering the Vegas prices, but the buffet is not even 1/3rd the size of the good buffets in town, not to mention that all food is just your standard American breakfast food - eggs, sausage, etc.Lunch? 4.  A little pricey, but the food and service was very good.  We went all out since we had a food credit, but it was delicious.If you are in a rush for a meal, Cafe Nikki is not a bad choice, but if you had time to plan and go somewhere, I suggest you look elsewhere.
4	Good service and good food. I recommend it.
4	The portions are great! Had Lobster Tails and The Cowboy Steak and couldn't finish them. But they were great! I'd recommend it!
3	Incredibly slowwww service despite lots of staff. Delicious mahi mahi sandwich and good fries. The shrimp scampi was clearly a moneymaker dish for them (profitable, I mean).
4	Pretty standard Vegas restaurant in the Tropicana.  Inside or Outside seating.  They do a breakfast buffet in the AM that is about 20 dollars.  I have been twice for the breakfast buffet and it is short on selection, but has pretty good quality (probably better than most others).  I like the selection of tropical fruits and the omelet station had some pretty unique options as well.  All in all it is a standard buffet with a little tropical flair and not a huge selection.The prices are pretty standard for a general dining establishment on the Las Vegas strip. Besides the breakfast buffet which I have been to a few times I have also had lunch, which features some good selection coming in around 15 a pop.  Everything has that little bit of south florida twist to it, but in the end all the food served is pretty standard, burgers, club sandwiches, basic pasta, etc.Not the best, but certainly I have seen much worse in Las Vegas. I wouldn't go out of my way to visit Cafe Nikki, but if you are staying at the Trop and need a good sit down meal or breakfast (usually how I end up here) it is pretty much your best bet.  The trop also has a steakhouse (Biscayne) an Italian place (Bacio) and a food court (starbucks, gelato, etc)
4	Huge portions, friendly staff.  It seems that they recently renovated the inside and the place looks really nice.A nice, affordable place to grab a bit.  Can definitely share a sandwich with another person.
3	Pretty traditional Vegas restaurant.  Nothing over the top here.  The renovation from the previous cafe in the Tropicana is mostly cosmetic but at least you don't walk away feeling the need of a shower.Has a nice coastal vibe with cool colors and beach-like feel.  Depending on your seating situation, you can have a nice view of the Tropicana pool waterfall.  They have both indoor and outdoor seating.  The staff is friendly and the food tasty.  It's a bit more expensive than the previous cafe but the food is also so much better with good portions.
4	Brunch at Cafe Nikki was the most pleasant dining surprise of my Vegas trip. I was staying at the MGM and on the last day of our trip we had 6 hours to kill between check out and when we needed to head to the airport so we decided to venture across the street to the Tropicana to see what they had to offer for brunch. The bright, clean, calming beach decor is what drew us in to this place and I am so glad it did. They were serving a brunch buffet at the time so we decided to take the plunge. Buffets had not been too kind to me, or my stomach during my week there so I was a little hesitant....that was until I saw the spread. It wasn't a huge, overwhelming amount of mediocre food but rather a decent selection of some very well thought out choices. It was so refreshing to be able to fill my plate with fresh watermelon, orange slices, grapes, etc. The fruit selection alone made me happy. They also had a selection of yogurt, crepes, cheese blintzes, organic eggs, potatoes, bacon and sausage as well as an omelet bar. The bacon was crisp and delicious, not rubbery like the MGM buffet and the eggs were light, fluffy and not overly salted or buttered. I was able to get a good fill of food without feeling weighed down and gross from grease. Plus the service was fantastic, our server was super attentive and personable. Oh and he kept my coffee  filled to the brim, especially after he saw my sigh of relief with the first cup. To make it even better the price was very reasonable. Probably the least amount of money I spent on a breakfast in Vegas.
3	It's kind of funny that the site posts so many a la cart menu items because every time I've come here, there's just a brunch buffet. The second time we came by, we decided to try it. We were really hungry and didn't feel like walking around. The buffet was pretty good, lots of brunch regulars and a few items that I don't usually see. It was pretty busy. The inside was really nice and you can tell that Trop really made a big effort renovating and making everything look new again. It was bright and sunny (by the pool), so the ambiance was really nice.
4	Came here for brunch (Friendly tip: make reservations on the wkends. I did and the host said that was a good idea because they were busy)Anyway, good food..had a fair amt to chose from..maybe 10 items?. Our server was nice and attentive as much as one can at a buffet brunch. They also had choices off the menu but we were specifically for the brunch. We sat by the window and saw Nikki Beach, wasn't alot of people out (yet at least) but seemed like a nice spot...we were saying we were gonna get a cabana or daybed there next time in Vegas.Only downside is we thought brunch was 17.99 but it was 24.99...not really worth 24.99 mainly because it wasn't hella to choice from. We could had went to the buffet at our hotel for that price...and the 24.99 didn't include unlimited champagne or anything...just water. When we were leaving my friend said she thought she saw a sign stating brunch was 17.99 (wish she would had spoke up when we got the checks but whatev). Next time I go back, I will verify the price first and then decide if I want to do buffet or order off menu.
2	Being generous with 2 stars.....Below Average.....This pretty much sums it up. If you want a below average meal, come here. There are so many better options in Las Vegas. I can only comment on breakfast which was pretty much standard fare. The food here is pretty much what you would expect from a local diner. I didn't think it stood out in anyway. I had the chicken fried steak and it was a bit rough (I didn't finish it) and had lots of gristle. The bacon was good though. The person I was with had biscuits and gravy and mentioned it was "soggy."I will say that the service was very good. The atmosphere of the restaurant was quite well done (looks like they had an interior designer come in) and the outside dining area was very nice so I give them props for that. The Tropicana is a nice hotel, and I would even consider staying there given the recent upgrades they have made. However, I don't think I'll venture to Cafe Nikki again.
3	Wanted a change of scene after 2 days at our hotel, so we hopped on over to the Tropicana and found this place.Now, I feel like 3 stars isn't doing it justice, but we did wait when the restaurant was sort of empty and the service was kind of slow. Otherwise, this may have been a 4 star experience. I had the philly cheesesteak sandwich. It was actually pretty good except for the bread. I'm an Amoroso roll snob. It really had everything going for it, except for the roll. The french fries were amazing. I didn't order them, but they gave them to me and it was yummy to my tummy. I have a potato bias, though. I just love them.The side salad was OK, very basic. Service was, like I said slow. Normally I wouldn't mind, but we were time crunching it a bit towards the end. The manager was cool and gave us our check and I didn't feel rushed to pay or anything like that. If I'm back in town, I'll probably come back. It's a nice place.
3	Went there today based on recommendations from Yelp.  Had to wait 20 minutes for a table even though empty tables were readily visible.  Hostess said the way was because of a lack of servers. Once we were seated, quickly had our drinks and on our way to the buffet.  Buffet is good, not fabulous, but good.  Not an overly large buffet, but it had ample choices.  The Omlette station was worth the trip.  We sat outside and this is one of the few places that is peaceful and quiet to enjoy a meal in Vegas.  Great place to sit and have coffee awhile.  I would go back, but for the 24.99 for the buffet, I would expect them to be properly staffed.
2	No Frills coffee shop.  Today's menu offering:Angus NY Steak & EggsPan Roasted Chicken w/ Peppercorn Cream SauceNY Stead DinnerSkirt Steak Pittsburgh SaladCalamariEverything was ok....nothing special.  Calamari was the only negative..... soggy, oily, with a bland marinara, mozzarellas slab and some julienne fresh basil..........ummm..... never again....... Service was pretty good though. Made a nice effort to check up on us.  Hotel going through a nice renovation, but its impossible to keep up with the jones.... Put a dress on the joint and its still a pig.
5	I had a wonderful experience here! After a disappointment of a dinner the night before at the steakhouse at Camelot, the bf and I headed here for dinner. I made reservations through open table and we were seated right on time. We had the calamari appetizer, which was very yummy, and we had the prime rib which was great, and their baked potato, truly was a baked potato ( side note: I hate when you order a baked potato, and a boiled potato comes out, to me that says that a restaurant thinks their customers are too stupid to tell the difference, and if they are doing that, then what other shady stuff is going on?). Anyway the dinner was delicious and dessert was to die for. The bf had the creme brulee and he said it was perfect. My apple pie a la mode tasted very fresh and came out warm with some vanilla bean ice cream. Perfect! The bill with drinks, appetizer, dinner and dessert came out to $80. Not bad at all. The ambiance was great, and our server Liz was awesome. I totally recommend this place!
3	The brunch buffet looked quite tempting...though the desserts seemed a bit dry (my friends tried it) and the macarons weren't made correctly (shape is off, but tasted delicious). The omelette station smelled wonderful, and the fresh fruit and smoked salmon stations were a big plus! The breakfast options seemed a lot more enticing than the lunch/dessert...I opted for a healthier option:Fresh fruit: I asked for no bread/muffin as I'm allergic to gluten. The plate of fruit came out super skimpy and not so awesome...but the waiter probably saw my reaction and brought me another bowl of fruit! He provided amazing service and was very friendly and approachable!The other random foods I tasted/tried were okay (the grilled veggie sides that comes on the entrees are pretty good, though I like my carrots a bit firmer). Overall, not a bad place to eat if you are at tropicana, but not somewhere I'd go out of my way for.
3	Light and well decorated restaurant. I guess they assume you'll do the buffet for a Sunday brunch because there were very few options for breakfast on the main menu. Good bloody Mary and the French dip was tasty. Tasted much like a steak and cheese because they put provolone on it however the au jus was spot on. The side salad was a bit lacking.
1	Pretty lame... went here for breakfast since the only other choice inside the hotel was a long line at the Starbucks.  The choices were either the $25 breakfast buffet, or off the menu.  I ended up getting the Cuban breakfast sandwich thinking that it would be interesting.  Well, it was bland and tasteless.  I don't think it was even roasted Cuban pork.  It tasted like a ham and cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top.  My wife got scrambled eggs and hash brown's, which was pretty standard.  Breakfast for two...$42.  I don't recommend this place... stand in line at Starbucks and get their breakfast sandwich,  or go across the street and see if there's anything better at the MGM!
3	Nice coffee shop at the Tropicana. Really good chili (no beans style!), good grilled cheese sammich (went nicely with the chili), and a decadent red velvet cake!Service was pretty good, with the exception of the hostess. Went there twice during a stay-n-play mini vaca, and each time the hostess (same gal) came off rather sour. Like she couldn't care less.  In fact, I don't believe I saw her smile even once!  :(  Unfortunately, the decent food did not make up for her cranky attitude.
4	After a weekend-long bachelor party, I found my body full of steak, booze, and more in-and-out burger than it's had in the last 35 years of it's existence, combined.I woke up the morning we left craving breakfast. a nice breakfast. Where I sit down and have a nice server, no blinking slot machine lights, and some good old fashioned comfort food.I found it here.I went with blueberry pancakes, and they were fantastic. Big, Fluffy, and full of all sorts of booze-soaking qualities one looks for when dining in early AM Vegas.On top of that, the restaurant is sort of back and out of the way from the main casino floor.  After a long weekend of dinging, buzzing, and dim-yet-still-must-be-daytime lighting, It was refreshing to sit by a window in a nicely lit atmosphere.Four stars, and It's going to become a standard end-of-week stop off the next time I'm here for a conference/convention/liver evaluation.
4	This place is what you except with some awesome decor! I will say it is quiet and far enough away from the casino that you can actually relax at a meal with out all the hustle and bustle. The menu was some what limited but everything we ordered was good! We ordered breakfast and a Philly cheese steak. I think Id order this again! The service was average, took a good amount of time to get refills but other than that Id recommend it.
3	Nice breakfast, just ok dinner.  Partly my fault for ordering salad with easy on the dressing.  But the lettuce was ice cold and not crisp.  The reason for keeping lettuce ice cold is to crisp it after a wash.But the one thing to really point out is please dont ask us to voice our room number and name.  Take a cue from the front desk clerks, who point to your room number and they talk a little softer.  On the surface, the wait staff are being personable and friendly, but then act a little offended when my sweetheart (with a hotel security background) asks to write it down instead of announce it to the room.  Maybe no one is listening, but he's barring on the safe side.
3	To be perfectly honest,  the service was NOT good.  It was super slow...like a snail stuck in molasses in rush hour traffic.  Our first server was nice when present but then we got a new server, right away she expressed how much she didn't want to be there. Seriously?  Anyway, the server got two of my friend's order wrong and completely forgot to get drinks and napkins that we had requested.  They were so unprofessional and played the blame game... It wasn't me, it was the cook, etc etc.  It doesn't matter, just do your job, lady!  It couldn't be that hard... half the restaurant was empty and it was the tail end of LUNCH!Despite the bad service, there were some good aspects to the Beach Cafe. The interior was modern tropical, very much like the theme of the hotel, and had a good view of the outside/pool area.  My food was super delicious, but my some of my companions had a different experience. ::Sigh::  Too bad the service sucked.  This place would have gotten a better rating.
4	I wish the menu had a more cohesive theme but it is what it is. I had the chicken wrap. It was fresh and very tasty. My bf also had no qualms. It's a bit pricey but hey, it's vegas!
3	We dined here for lunch one afternoon while staying at the Tropicana. There was a 10 minute wait, which was fine, and we were seated on the patio as requested. Our server was friendly and helpful, and suggested we check out the buffet. It looked great, but we both decided that we wanted to order off the menu and got the chicken quesadilla and the chicken ceasar salad. The food came out promptly, and tasted very good, but my boyfriend found his salad to have WAY too much dressing. It was so bad that he couldn't even finish it as he started to feel sick! The service was great, and the rest of the food was delicious, but the salad was too much. It was a bit pricey, but that's Vegas for ya! All in all it was good, I would return and wished we had for breakfast but unfortunately just didn't have the time. The menu looked great, and the patio was gorgeous!
4	Took family of 5 for breakfast, enjoyed the meal, had a good server. Ordering off the menu was more appealing than the breakfast buffet for us. We all agreed better than going to IHOP. I would day it was worth the wait, but they seemed to be understaffed. It took a while for our server to attend to us, but once that happened, he did. Fine job.
4	We enjoyed a breakfast and a dinner here. Our dinner service was a big sketchy, but the food was good and the drinks were stiff.mushroom cheese burger no bun and wings - both good and the wings were the standout!  For breakfast we sat at the bar - our service was good and the food was delayed. Super friendly server, but the kitchen took forever to deliver breakfast taco and a sausage omlette. I will say they were both delicious! Still four stars, excellent value of the quality/quantity to price, staff at the bar is super friendly and the decor is relaxed. All in all this is a nice place to have a good meal if you are staying at the hotel or just visiting.
5	Great professional service, great food, quality staff. I was very surprised. Great job!! I'll definitely come back!
3	We ate lunch here. It was okay. Nothing really special. Service was good. Nice/clean environment.
4	We recently stayed at the tropicana for a week and used this restaurant most days for breakfast.They do a breakfast buffet for $18.99 which includes the usual coffee, tea and juice for some reason it's not really well advertised on the menu or in the room but they do tell you about it upon arrival at the restaurant. We really enjoyed the breakfast here but be warned it is a lot smaller than the mega complex buffets like MGM across the road. The key for us was that it allowed a slightly healthier start to the day but still with the treats like pancakes. They do a nice selection of fresh fruit, granola, oatmeal, pastries and freshly cooked egg station along with a daily changing options like scramble of the day, pancakes, biscuits etc. I would recommend you check out the buffet before opting for it in case try don't have what you want that day due to the more limited options but saying that we were more than happy!The service was top notch attentive without been intrusive. They also have a nice outside patio should you wish to sit out overlooking their lovely pool area. If you're staying at the tropicana and want an easy hassle free start to the day then I would recommend this restaurant to you!
1	Never again.. We decided to have dinner before catching a show at tropicana.. Big mistake, the service was aweful. I couldn't tell you our waiters name because he never introduced himself we barely saw him and when our food finally arrived, half of mine was cold, the cheese on my dads Philly steak and CHEESE sandwich was almost non existent and the fish and chips were bland. We sat for literally 10 min before we ever saw our waiter and they were not busy, at all.. I would give zero stars if I could but yelp wont let me so this is what they get.. Very dissatisfied!!
4	friday morning tropicana arrival...remodeled and leaving old past behind...familiar traces of past present...beach cafe and wanting light brunch...a la carte option available...single egg over easy $three...small egg and cooked picture perfect...runny yellow a spoonful...corned beef and hash $five...canned or bulk variety...a pillow of soft ground corned beef and hash...mush consistency and chewing not required...not bothered for $five corned beef and hash...still enjoying the atmosphere and service at the bar dining...recommend the filet mignon wrap...cheesy deliciousness...tender beef... $17 before tax and tip
4	For breakfast, you have the option of either the breakfast buffet or to order off the menu. I was able to try their buffet as well as order off the menu.Their breakfast buffet has a wide variety of fruits, yogurts, potatoes, breakfast meats and pastries. They even have an omelette bar, with lots of vegetables and meats to put into your omelette. They even have the options of egg whites, whole eggs or egg substitutes. If you're appetite is big, the buffet is a great option.As for their breakfast menu, they do have a variety of options, but nothing really different stood out. But their cuban breakfast sandwich was delicious, a little too buttery, but still delicious. The fried egg, melted cheese, cilantro aioli and toasted sourdough bread was a great combo. And instead of the potatoes I substituted it with the corned beef hash, which was to die for. If you come to Beach Cafe for breakfast be sure to try their cuban sandwich and/or the corned beef hash.
4	We ate here for lunch/brunch on a Sunday.  There was a small breakfast buffett which looked really good for like $19 or so.  We just decided to order off the lunch menu.  We both got sandwiches.  I ordered a Turkey sandwich with bacon.  It was great.  A very good sandwich.  I was happy.  You have the option of either fries, salad. or fuit with your sandwich.  I went with the fruit.  My wife ordered the chicken sandwich with avocado on Texas Toast.  It was very good although the Texas Toast was maybe too hearty and buttery for her liking.  But it was really good.The service was very friendly.  Because they didn't have any normal size glasses and had to serve my wife's soda in a small glass, they didn't charge us for the drink.  The restaurant seems very clean and spacious.  Lots of windows and has a very open, relaxing feel.Most people appeared to be getting the breakfast/brunch buffett.  It did look good.
3	Came here with 2 other friends after a night out. I was a bit hungover but I needed something to each.The Tropicana kind of smells.. but the Beach Cafe itself is pretty nice, and has a nice beach decor to it.The breakfast selection is not huge (only 4 items) but they all seem pretty decent. I got the eggs sunny side up. It came on top of hash browns with a bunch of bacon on the side, and some toast. The bacon could have been better (a bit too crispy for my tastes), but overall pretty good.
4	Nice place to eat lunch in the Tropicana Hotel.  We enjoyed are lunch here and enjoyed the view of the pool and courtyard.  It didn't break the bank either.  If you are staying in the hotel, it's a great place to go to after sleeping tip noon.
1	I came here for lunch on Saturday, and ordered a club sandwich.  After eating, my friend and I went back to our hotel (at Monte Carlo) to take a nap.  After about 2 hours, I started getting horrendous stomach cramps.  A few minutes later, I was vomiting uncontrollably every 20-30 minutes for SIXTEEN HOURS STRAIGHT.  It was THE worst food poisoning experience I have EVER had.  I seriously thought I was dying, felt like my stomach was going to come out of my mouth.  I then had a horrible fever for the next 24 hours... what a GREAT way to spend my Las Vegas vacation!  I reported it to Tropicana, but thinking I probably should have reported it to Las Vegas Health Department as well, I wonder how many other cases of food poisoning there were this day.  Vegas is known for their awful restaurant grade ratings, but I really thought this place would be of high quality being new and being a part of a big casino/resort that had just been renovated.  I still cannot believe this happened, and want to make sure people know this was NOT the stomach flu, as that is HIGHLY contagious and my friend who was with me did not get sick at all (she ordered the buffet of all things, she's lucky she didn't get food poisoning too!).  NEVER again will I EVER go to this restaurant again, they serve poisoned food!  I just wish there was an easier/better way to prove things like this... and unfortunately for the Tropicana, I do work for a travel agency and our agency will NOT be using the Tropicana for any of our clients again.
5	great service and great quality food.  the continental breakfast was delicious and plentiful
4	My party and I ate at Tropicana multiple times during our Vegas stay. I really think for that end of the strip, this place is the best bang for your buck for both breakfast and lunch. We have zero complaints!The Beach Cafe is surprisingly gorgeous and I loved all the modern tropical details. They have a large balcony for outdoor lounging and eating as well on a cooler day. The staff is accommodating, friendly, and move quickly despite how busy this place can get especially during breakfast hours.The food is really good! There are plenty of options, and a lot of then are healthy. I didn't try the breakfast buffet, but it tempted me quite a few times. I recommend their sausage as a side - something about it is just delicious! Perfectly cooked and as non-fatty as sausage can be.I would recommend Beach Cafe for the budget conscience Vegas visitor, and anyone else who wants a satisfying and healthy breakfast.
3	It was St. Patrick's Day and we wanted to eat the traditional Corned Beef and Cabbage. We got lucky that the dish was a part of their special menu for the day and we didn't have to go out our hotel. The service was quite friendly. The only problem was they were very slow. We waited half an hour to get our food. I did get my soup quick, but half an hour afterwards I was sort of, "really?" Then the food arrived and it wasn't really that hot. It was, but it got cold easily. Overall, it was an okay experience. Knowing me, I'm being generous with that comment.
5	Our group of 4 is staying at the Tropicana. We have eaten at the Beach Cafe 3 times so far!!  The food has been great and the price is very reasonable for Vegas.  Our first visit was for a very late lunch or early dinner. We had the filet wrap and Philly Cheesesteak with fries on each. Both were great - and the service was good. We came back late that night for appetizers. We had the wings, Mac and cheese balls and quesadilla. All were very good. We went back for breakfast this morning. The buffet is incredible and 2 of our group ordered omelets that they loved. Highly recommend if you're on this end of the strip!!  Dexter the bartender is fabulous!
1	I wish I could review the food, but after being seated on their outside deck after 2pm on Tue the 19th of March for 9 minutes, no service, no water, no menu, just a quick, 'I'll be right with you' and forgot about us, we walked out.  I can understand if an establishment is busy and the servers are slammed, but there is no excuse, it wasn't busy at all.I reward good service and good food, and I do the same when I get terrible food and no service.
4	Loved the caesar salad and the potato leek soup.  The atmosphere is awesome - very calm and relaxing.  Lots of umbrellas so you should be able to hide from the sun while being seated outdoors :)
3	This restaurant located inside the Tropicana has an eclectic beachy atmosphere.. from the beach chairs to the square plates.....It has a great view through the windows of the palms and lounge area outside....I had the grilled pork chop , which was topped with bacon apple chutney...it came with mashed potatoes and veggies....I thought the pork chop was a little dry, but there again I'm a kinda gravy guy....some would think opposite....the food was a little slow coming even though the Cafe was almost empty....but that was ok....because I want my pork chop to be nearly well-done....great restaurant to relax...as it was very quiet.....all in all ...almost a 4 ...but not quite.....
5	This review is regarding breakfast:Fantastic buffet breakfast. Some of the best lox (smoked salmon) I've seen at a breakfast buffet in a LONG time. Excellent berries and fruit and honestly everything either looked or tasted good. There was a really nice setup for hot tea- it looked somewhat artistic. The man cooking eggs/omelets did a great job also. The surroundings are so nice at the Beach Cafe. It's really bright, airy and modern. It's a really beautiful place and not over the top like many Vega$ spots.
1	EPIC LUNCH FAIL!  After walking the strip to check out the new Bagatelle, my husband and I decided to stop for lunch at this cute cafe next to the pool.  We probably waited about half and hour to be seated, but understood that there was a small line, so we were patient.  After being seated, we ordered and were given  our drinks....and we waited...and waited.  We were seated at 2:00.  At 2:42 I was tired and starving, and annoyed, with an empty iced tea glass.  No one came by to let us know what was taking so long or to fill our glasses.  So I called our server over as she walked by (and she was not easy to catch)  and politely asked what happened to our order.  She said the kitchen was busy and everything was taking a long time.  About 10 minutes later, our order came...and I couldn't believe what was on my plate.  I had ordered a smoked salmon salad that was supposed to have bacon hazelnuts and figs...sounded delicious.  Well, when it arrived, is was some of those pre-packaged lox on a pile of wilted lettuce covered with vinagrette with 2 figs and a sprinkle of sliced hazelnuts. It looked awful, and certainly was not worthy of the $16or hour long wait.   I was starving and did not want to ruin our day, so I called our server over and asked for the bacon that was described on the menu.  She brought over a small plate of bacon.  I poured it on the salad and tried to eat.  I could not cut the lox.  They had gotten hard and dried up.  So I took a bite of the salad and it tasted as though it had been doused with pure vinegar.  The harshness went straight to my stomach and I ran straight to the ladies room for fear of throwing up.My husband was going to try to eat his sandwich, but when he saw my order he stopped mid-sanwich so we could go somewhere else.  I asked him to eat if he was hungry, but he described the chicken as "rubbery" and was happy to find a different lunch location.  At least they did take the price of my uneaten salad off the bill.  Avoid at all costs.
3	7/6/13  Late Lunch3.5*  Tropicana has seen better days. It's one of the oldest South Strip hotels in Vegas. I never consider staying in this area because the hotels are old and the crowd is more riffraff. So when we found out that we had to stay in Vegas for an extra day due to a plane crash in San Francisco Airport, we wanted to stay closer to McCarran than the North Strip.To make a long story short, we settled into our room for a night at Mandalay Bay after we declined the crashpad at Luxor offered to us by United Airlines. My BF had to refill his prescription at Walgreens so we made our tread across the street to the Strip for Walgreens. On the way back we wanted to checked out the new Tropicana, which had a makeover last year. We were curious about it because it was the host of Gay Weeks Las Vegas last fall.Beach Cafe was tugged away in the back of the casino by the Tropicana bungalows next to the pool. Setting is both vibrant and natural. It's atmosphere is very relaxing and cozy. It was slow when we arrived since it was almost 4pm. We had to wait for a table because they didn't have enough servers. Service was ready and friendly as soon as we were seated.The menu resembles to like eats from a fine deli. You'll find salads, sandwiches, wraps, and some mains.*Chicken Quesadillas ($10): the usual affair but with rotisserie chicken and melted jack. Tasty with salsa and guacamole. *Roasted Pork Sandwich ($13): on grilled ciabatta with bacon apple chutney. Pork loin is very flavored and the tangy apple chutney balanced the flavor well. The bread is a bit dry and aioli skimpy. I like they allow you the choice of fries or fruit. *Apple Pie a la Mode ($7): nothing special. Prices are decent. All sandwiches and lunch mains priced under $20. They serve brekfast all day, and offers Asian menu which features the favorite items as Sweet and Sour Chicken, Chow Mein, and Egg Rolls.Overall not bad at all. A great place to relax and have a nosh.
2	Our server was pathetic.. Pat, u really suck. He took the order but did not place for 15 mins because he was busy making a cocktail.. Food was okay. But service was pathetic..
4	Came on two separate occasions during my stay here....My first experience was in the middle of the night around 3am and we had a craving for late night cheeseburgers! The burgers were made to order perfectly-juicy, flavorful, burger awesomeness that all drunk people crave and enjoy. It was served with fresh cut fries and everything was devoured in a matter of minutes shamelessly. Our service in the middle of the night was horrible however.... she was yelling at us from the bar and never refilled our drinks or bothered to even bring our checks. We decided to throw down enough cash for meal,tax, tip, and  bouce out of there. Our second experience was much better in service. We were greeted with a friendly smile and seated right away. We took a quick look around the breakfast buffet and decided for the price of around 18 bucks including cost of drinks it was a great deal in Vegas. The made to order omelette station was fantastic! Everything was very fresh on the buffet from fresh fruit, granola, bagels, eggs, bacon, and smoked salmon. My favorite was the fruit rolled up crepes. It was stuffed with cream and peaches and sooooo delicious! My friend sampled the blueberry one and went back for seconds.
2	PROS: Decent food, especially the brunch buffet which makes excellent omelets.  CONS: (1) Absent-minded and/or uncaring waitstaff.  Except Wendy.  She's awesome; and (2) extraordinarily long wait times for food.I stayed at the Tropicana from 9/25/13 to 9/30/13 when I was getting married.  If a bunch of us needed a quick bite to eat we headed down to Beach Cafe, but it only proved that there was no such thing as a "quick" bite.  We came here at various times of the night and day, each time the waitstaff was barely there and would disappear for eons.  The food took forever to come, even when it was just two people eating.  They didn't seem to care that our party would wait in excess of 30 to 40 minutes for food.  (Only one time did we get a nice waitress and that was Wendy.  Tip her well.)The buffet is quite nice when it's offered and I suggest you go that route otherwise you'll be stuck waiting for them to bring you something.  The omelets are great and the chef is very friendly.   One of the few conveniences with this place is that it's right in the hotel, but the drag is that you have to plan ahead knowing you're going to Beach Cafe, and that you're willing to not start your day's errands and visits for at least an hour to 1.5 hours to account for the wait time.
4	I really dug this place. Located in one of the smaller scale resorts on the strip, I initially had low hopes for a restaurant with such an underwhelming name. Day one I got a gooey grilled four cheese sandwich on sourdough and a gin and ginger made with ginger beer. I also drank a few of their mojitos, including a lavender one. All entirely delish and entirely too drinkable. Day two they had a 15 buck all you can drink mimosa deal, so I splurged on that with the smoked salmon dish for brunch. A huge spread of smoked salmon, tomatoes,  red onion, avocado and cream cheese complete with a bagel was presented. I was quite pleased with the flavor and quality, minus the fact that you could tell the avocado had seen better days. But, I am a bit of a produce snob. Overall, it was one of the more decent restaurants I ate at!
4	In a city where prices follow the formula of (airport + movie concessions) x 2 = bend over, this hotel's $18 all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet isn't so bad. Especially when you factor in the variety of choices, quality of ingredients, and proximity to the bed you rolled out of. Bottomless coffee included -- whoa, not that kind of bottomless!We never waited more than 10 minutes to get in, and HiltonHonors members of some reasonable level (Gold, I think?) got in right away.Yet another reason I'd stay at the Tropicana again!
5	First time ever staying at the Tropicana, I was running the marathon on Nov. 17th and that Friday Nov. 15th had to work in my room. I had called for room service like 11am but to my surprise it never ever came. So me and my husband met some friends at the Beach Cafe for a starving lunch and after I had told the hostess how are food never came to our room she immediately told her manager, and he came over and apologized for the missed service and comped our meal, the four of us meal. I had the bacon and eggs dish called the Deuces 2Xeggs2Xbacon or sausage2Xpancakes special that is not on the menu but they have it 24X7 like for 6bucks or less I think. Our server was pregnant and very attentive to our needs. I have been in the food service business for over 10years in Los Angeles area. I was very impressed by the service and also the team management of the Beach Cafe, and Tropicana Hotel. I will always come back and spend my money here because I do appreciate good and great quality customer service when I stay or play in Las Vegas.
5	I absolutely love this place!! They offer a lot of great, delicious meals for a very reasonable price which is hard to find in Vegas. Their selection has a lot of variety: there is something for everyone. I ate here several times during my stay and I was not disappointed one time. The chicken fried rice and the chow mein is really delicious! I also enjoyed the salmon entree and the burgers are so juicy and flavorful. The food portions are adequate.  I am a very picky eater and I had not one issue with this place. Atmosphere is very chill and relaxing. The staff is also very professional and accommodating.
2	The buffet is limited for the price. If u have car venture to M casino studio B breakfast or lunch buffet m- th. For a good deal there. The waiter/server was top notch, food was okay nothing to write home about or worth the wait. Will not return...
1	I can't believe the line to get in and the inability of the servers to turn tables. Long wait and very slow service while the management team stands and the back and watches. Food was over salted and limited in the buffet. Bar staff was awesome attentive and friendly, I can't say so for the table service. If you go to get your free hilton honors breakfast sit at the bar and order from the menu.
4	I liked this place not for great service or stunning food but rather for their value comparison to what is offered for dining within the hotel. I came here with a group of 5 to have a last minute dinner and only had to wait about 15-20 mins on a busy night. Our server was pretty good. She did make a misstep by not offering drinks before trying to get our food orders. I had the truffle fries to start. They were pretty amazing. My friend had the calamari which was a little soggy but still tasted good. I had a turkey dinner and it definitely tasted good. I was over all pretty happy with my dining experience and the price point was pretty reasonable. Except when it comes to their appetizers. They're a little heavy on pricing their apps.
1	Worst buffet ever and especially for what they charge you. And the guy working the omelet station is horrible. Argued that the omelet i ordered wasn't what I ordered and gave me another customers order. This place isn't busy by any means. You have two omelets in front of you. How hard is that to manage? Undercooked bacon and undercooked sausage. No selection. And no flavor to anything.
4	I'm surprised at how much I liked this place. It's a cut above your standard casino "coffee shop." I ordered the salmon and a caesar salad. I expected the same old overpriced junk that you get everywhere else in town. Imagine my surprise when I was served an AMAZING Caesar salad with super high quality ingredients and shaved cheese! The salmon was crazy good too. The kitchen was more than happy to make my food low carb as requested (in this case, it meant extra broccolini instead of rice). No issues and good service. The only big negative to me are the super uncomfortable director's chairs. Mine felt old and I kept worrying the canvas bottom was going to fall out from under me! That and the music was WAY too loud. I was sitting underneath a speaker but it was so loud my ears were nearly ringing. Nice location, setting and view; ask to sit by the window.
5	The breakfast buffet was smaller than some hotels on the strip, however, the quality was very good. Jessica was our waitress and she was genuine wine and had a nice energy about her. Coffee was very very good a nice strong cup but not overwhelming.  For $21, the breakfast buffet was a good value and I recommended it.
2	Of all the places to eat in Vegas, this was my least favorite. Not because of the service or the incredible views of the beach like atmosphere outside, or the fabulous back patio complete with bungalow furnishings... only because of the food. The burger was over-cooked when asked for medium rare (it was more like well done), the garlic parmesan fries were dripping in olive oil to where they became soggy after a whole minute, and I really didn't like the caesar salad. The dressing was thicker than necessary, and it was over peppered to the point where I was coughing. Our waitress was so nice though. She gave us great locations for bars where all the locals go off the strip, and they turned out spectacular. The drink selection is really cool though.
1	The waitress was amiable and friendly however... Despite the "modern" and "paradise-esque" atmosphere this place wish to emanate, my overall experience with here was far from paradise. Greeted with tacky paper menus, my family and I were confused with the prices. Surely the " 19, 20 " s on it weren't indicative of the prices right? Wrong. Anyways, let's start with the beverages. Coffee was bitter and too bland- my parents got diarrhea from it. Same with my hot chocolate which seemed way too rushed to make. With the food... ugh. My older sister ordered these  breakfast tacos and no salsa was served. We requested salsa but they didn't have salsa; just age old Tabasco sauce. Don't even think about serving  Mexican cuisine if you don't even have the essentials. -_- The breakfast platter my dad got had undercooked sausage and bacon. We had to request the cook to grill them more. Also with the tacos, the chorizos were doused in oil. They were so mushy and gross looking... The blueberry pancakes I ordered were really stale and hard... it was hard to eat them. The blueberries also tasted really sour... Horrible food. Boring atmosphere. Sick tummies at the end. What more could I say? Not coming here again. Not to mention the food is waaaaay overpriced. Step it up.
2	Slow service but food was good. Nice seating outside too. You need to have time on your hands because you're not going to get your food fast. Approx 30-45 min
4	I love their breakfast. It's just a different experience from the get go. A light place away from the casino. Nice ambience with the option to sit outside. The Buffett has everything you need to start in a busy day. Fresh fruit, omelette station etc. Nice staff.
3	Beach Cafe is your average, run-of-the-mill Vegas dining spot. The whole place has a beach-y feel. It felt a lot like a place we ate when on our trip to Mexico (atmosphere-wise). My biggest complaints about the facility is that the chairs weren't very comfortable and the service wasn't much better. Otherwise, the whole place is pretty "A-OK". On night number one, our flight was delayed and myself and my co-worker were starving so we stopped here for a quick late night bite. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and he ordered their mini-burgers. Both were just fine for a meal at nearly 11:30 at night. They offer a breakfast buffet for $21 per person which includes your beverage choice of OJ or coffee. I ate here a total of 5 times while on my recent business trip. 3 of the 5 times I was there, the service was iffy. If you're wondering why we went so often....convenience. It was the only breakfast place in our hotel and due to time constraints besides Starbucks (if that even counts), we were kinda forced to eat here. The buffet contained sausage, bacon, muffins, mini-bagels, salmon, fresh fruit, scrambled eggs, breakfast potatoes, sliced meats & cheeses, cereal, and my favorite...an omelet station! One day, even though I requested my omelet "well done", it was quite under cooked and I actually had them remake it on this particular day. I feel bad because the next day, I think the omelet guy was kinda afraid of me. He joked about me coming back even though he knew he messed up the day before so we just laughed it off and he did a great job on day #2. Would I go back?? Probably would not go out of my way but if I was in the hotel...maybe I would grab a quick bite to get some food in my tummy pre-cocktail.
3	Beach Cafe is a 24 hour cafe inside the Tropicana. I was here with friends for the RuPaul Drag Race Season 6 Finale and we were just dead tired and needed some food even though performances were still happening. To our luck, this was the entrance and staging area for all the dragqueens performing! So we had much better of a time chatting and taking pictures with our queens here than standing some more outside starving. Got Da Club which is a turkey club sandwich with a side of fries. It was standard, but good. Good amount of turkey and bacon in it and the fries were those kind I like, crispy but yet soft.  Prices are strip prices, even in a smaller property like this. Angela H. got some sliders, and our friend Matt got Cajun pasta which came with cornbread. Our server was really friendly, helpful and attentive. I think that he was better than the  food.
3	This place is nice and peaceful during breakfast time and had a nice view where we sat to the pool. They also have a cute outdoor seating. My boyfriend and I got there around 9am since we couldn't check into our room until 2pm. I give this place three stars because the food wasn't anything special, but for the price pairing to the quality, it wasn't worth it. My boyfriend and I spent over 40 for breakfast that was just sausage, eggs, toast and pancakes. I had the traditional Benedict that wasn't anything special either but the hash browns were probably the best tasting thing there. Service wasn't bad except when I asked forKetchup I didn't get it for awhile until I asked a different server. Probably won't be back because it wasn't anything outstanding.
4	We had a late dinner/snack here and very much enjoyed the food and friendly waitress. I had the Angus sliders, yummy and just the right size. The rest of our party had Turkey Dinner, Fish and Chips, and French Toast.  All of their meals were ample portions and could have been shared for a smaller appetite. The prices are very reasonable by Vegas standards and I would definitely eat here again.
1	Although our waiter was nice, this was a terrible experience. The restaurant staff didn't even tell our waiter we were his table to start the event off with. He's tried so hard to make our time here better, but bad food and irresponsible management are 2 of my biggest turn offs for any restaurant. My flatbread was soggy, the chicken was dry, and was cold. It took forever to get service. They messed up my sister's order, including the wrong items. And, didn't include certain requested sides for the other 2 people in our parties dishes.
3	Very un-assuming 24-hour cafe inside of the newly renovated Tropicana Hotel.This is by no means a Grand Lux (at the Venetian) but it gets the job done.The food isn't bad, but the prices are kind of hefty for what they serve.Last time my husband and I had sandwiches and the total came out to about $35. I'd rather pay a little more to get Grand Lux quality food.However if you're in the area and you're hungry, this isn't a bad choice.
3	I generally avoid The Trop when in vegas.  its a hotel without much appeal and it seems to have lost its way (in the 80's).But, we had to venture there for Mama Mia.My wife wanted to eat and I wanted to wait until the show was over (so we could leave and go to burGR).  Guess who won that discussion?So we went to this place...It was my attempt to spend/waste as little money as possible in this "resort".  To that effect, i order only the soup of the day....Anyway, it was a HUGE surprise.  The pea-soup was tremendous.My wife had shrimp fried rice.  I was expecting there to be 2 barely thawed shrimp on the plate.  Instead there were about 12 and they tasted fresh and well-cooked.3 stars because...you have to go to The Trop  to eat there.
1	Had the worst experience ever on my vacation this weekend . Came to eat at this restaurant and I ordered a garden salad and has a BIG PLASTIC PEICE in my salad and I bit into it and hurt my tooth. Called management over nicely and she snatched the item And said she would handle it . And she did NOT. She was very rude and took no responsibility for the restaurants mistake .  She comped me my water and salad !  That I will NEVER eat there nor stay at the hotel ever again . I will also never recommend this restaurant .   The restaurant security would not show me the item again. I wounded why!  There process for a incident was very unorganized!!!!
3	This restaurant is fine.  Probably the best in the Tropicana, which isn't saying much.Like everything on the strip, it was pretty expensive.The staff were good.  I sat at the bar, and the bartender was professional and ran a tight ship.Food was so-so.  I had steak and eggs for dinner, which is hard to mess up.  They didn't have much in the way of hot sauce (no green tobasco or sriacha), which was annoying.#1 complaint:  Hotel wifi doesn't work down here, and AT&T cell reception was spotty.   I would have given another star if they'd install some access points for WiFi down there.
2	Food was edible but really odd choices - "Asian menu" was a section, but was sweet and sour chicken, a "big bowl of wonton soup", veggie spring rolls for over $10. The rest was general American. I had spaghetti with meatballs. Eh. Not worth $12 - didn't come with salad just a thin slice of dry, over-herbed focaccia. The waitstaff were not happy in their weird uniforms (still not sure about the leather weight-lifting looking belt, with khaki long shorts and white polo shirt). Cheapest glass of wine was $10 - a lot for a place with a number of $10-15 entrees.
3	Being open 24 hour a day, it's obviously a place for a last minute meal. I had the late munchies but didn't wanna go anywhere far so I chose this place. We had chili and chicken quesadilla. The chili tasted like it came from a can and the crackers that came with it were stale. The chicken quesadilla was alright. Nothing to brag about. It must be Vegas because the meal came it to be close to 40 dollars after tips and tax for something that should've only cost 25 at most. Probably won't come back or recommend it to anyone unless it's an emergency.
3	I'm torn on my review.  3 for food, 2 for service.  I had the opportunity thanks to a generous 100.00 food credit from the hotel to dine here 5x in 3 days.  I got a good taste for the menu and the service.  Some things were great, some not so great.  Let's just say that if I was a paying customer, I wouldn't be too happy.Sunday BreakfastBecause of stomach surgery, I can't eat huge portions anymore.  I asked to order off the kids menu and was allowed, no problem.  I ordered the kid's French toast and my spouse got the 2 egg American breakfast.  Eggs scrambled( they didn't taste fresh though, they tasted like they came off the buffet), hash browns, 4 pieces of bacon and an English muffin.  My French toast was supposed to come with berries, but they were missing.  I saw the server take a bowl off the breakfast buffet and bring me some berries.  The price for the 2 egg breakfast( 14.00) is very expensive, the kids French toast was 8.00 and came with 2 pieces. It did take forever to get the food and the check.  Sunday lunchI came in alone because spouse wasn't that hungry.  I ordered the grilled chicken pesto sandwich as a wrap with no tomatoes.  It came 15 min later, full of tomatoes.  I was left to eat the fries while the wrap was taken away to be fixed. It came back another 20 min later without tomatoes and also without the pesto.  I was so tired of waiting and because I ate a few of the fries while waiting, I just packed up the food and took it to the pool.  The sandwich was bland, no seasoning at all on the chicken.  I was told I didn't have to pay for this meal because of the mix up. Monday lunchOrdered the same sandwich.  It came another 20 min later, this time without the cheese or bacon that is supposed to be on the sandwich.  It was also so soggy, I was starving and just wanted to go back out by the pool so I ate my half, wrapped up the rest for my spouse and left.  Very pricey for 15.00. Monday dinnerOrdered a ceasar salad with the dressing on the side and a turkey burger with no tomatoes and cheddar cheese instead of pepper jack.  The salad came as a small pile of romaine leaves, shredded parm and a piece of focaccia bread.  No croutons.  I had to ask for the croutons and they were brought out, no problem.  Salad was overpriced at 5.00.  The turkey burger was decent.  We shared that and enjoyed it( 16.00).    Tuesday BreakfastWe had about 45.00 in credit left, so because we were checking out, we just went with the extremely overpriced breakfast buffet( 21.00).  This was not a buffet like you would expect to see at a Vegas Hotel.  Very basic.  I did have an excellent egg white omelet made by Kenny,  I wanted a small omelet with little oil and no brown what so ever.  He made in perfectly.  I also wanted my mini bagel toasted and that was no problem.   It would be really nice if this restaurant had some healthier meat option like turkey bacon or turkey sausage.   The oatmeal was hot and fresh and there was a ton of fruit and healthier items, like yogurt and cottage cheese.  This isn't a destination restaurant by any means, I've stayed at the Trop about 10 times and its the first time I've eaten there.  I only did it because of the food credit.
4	The food is really yummy here! Their grilled cheese, chicken sandwich, and lobster lollipops are delicious! The service is a bit slow though.
1	TERRIBLE SERVICE. First night we went to the bar.. there are NATS at the bar flying around sitting on the straws! OMG! ew! We left the bar to eat in the dinning area thinking it was cleaner.. well we got sat and waiters didnt even bother with us.. we didnt complain so dont think that we were ignored because we were jerks.. no.. she waited 15 mins.. didnt even ask if we needed anything and we left.. never again!
2	My first visit at the beach cafe was not the greatest. Service was subpar we quickly ordered. I was in a group of 3 and there was no greeting really just get to ordering kind of waitress. The restaurant was fairly empty too. As we ordered the waitress did not come and check on us once. We ended up having to ask someone else for the check.Food quality was not great either I ordered the medium ny strip steak with mash, got a well done ny strip over peppered veggies. My gf got Da club which she really enjoyed but all in all the atmosphere was not one we enjoyed. Food was not great service was not good this is another restaurant I will avoid in the future.
3	Stayed at the Trop for vacation and ate breakfast here. Steak and eggs with hash and toast. It was pretty good. I ordered my steak medium-well and it was a little overcooked. My boyfriend ordered a medium steak and his was perfect. They do have a breakfast buffet but we opted to order off the menu. Service was pretty good. This is a good place if you are looking for a quick breakfast.
4	We were at the JFK exhibit at the Tropicana and wanted to have dinner after viewing the exhibit ( a very interesting exhibit but very overpriced for what you get. But that will be a topic for another review). We found the Beach Cafe and felt the price point was pretty much what we were looking for. I ordered the Cajun pasta. It was a nice sized portion with tons of sausage and shrimp mixed in with the pasta. The sauce had a little bit of kick. Not too much for my gringo palette. But it kept it interesting. My wife had the Portobello Philly sandwich . It was a fairly large hero sandwich with a large grilled portobello mushroom and other sauteed vegetables in it. It was more than she could eat in one sitting and very delicious. One of our friends got the glazed salmon. It was a generous portion with a very nice presentation. And it was cooked to close to perfection. Our server, Flora, was very attentive. To make matters even better, because we are locals in Las Vegas, we got a 25 percent discount. Very very nice. For a strip hotel cafe, this was an excellent meal and a very good choice for what we were looking for.
5	Pretty good place!So glad I found a place that looks like a proper / normal restaurant in Vegas that doesn't look like an obnoxious place, it's pretty affordable too and food's good.
4	This is the best place to eat at the Tropicana.  Not cheap, but nearly reasonable. I had breakfast three times, and all three came in under the price of the buffet, and I came away very satisfied.  Good staff, good food.
4	This is actually my 3rd visit here. As a local with a Trop Plus card coming here is a great deal. Today I had the Salad Bar. Very healthy and includes wraps, soups, tacos, sliced ham and turkey.  Very comfortable atmosphere!
1	Do not order from the bar. Moscow mule is the worst i ever had, and the food ...as well.
