1	The worst nail spa!   Got a full set---- tips were too large, whites way too big!!!Went back a couple days later-- he was not happy.The pedicure---- girl used a cheese grater on me without asking.  She cut my heels!!!  I have since gone somewhere else.... where the guy repaired my nails and had a much better pedicure.Beware of this place!!!!
5	Found a new place for my nails. I like to get pink and white with haft moon shape but tried too many places ..never happy until I saw my friend' nails . They look exactly what I like and she told me about LV nails . Came there got my nails done ... Really happy ...also got a ped too . They give the best foot massage ever , definitely come back
5	LV nails and spa is under new management (Amy and mark from creative nails on fort apache) and is an amazing salon! I used to go to creative and followed Lynn to LV nails because she does an excellent gel mani. My manicures never chip and always last at least 3 weeks. The salon is very clean and relaxing. They also use very high end products and provide water and coffee for customers! Please check them out because you won't be disappointed :-)
5	i FOLLOWED Amy to this just NEWLY renovating salon that is being  manages Amy and her husband Mark. i would not let anyone else do my pedicure but Amy! She is a perfectionist! took me awhile to call around but i finally found where they are! i couldn't be happier! the salon they're managing is new and everything is new! i love their famous pedicures at the previous salon, but oh boy, this new salon has even better NEW pedicure options! 9 new additional pedicures to chose from!!! She uses only the high ends brands, so i know i'm getting the BEST! Traveling around a lot for work, the only thing i look for when coming home to Vegas is a nice, clean and safe pedicure from any of Amy's signatures concoctions!!! i can't wait to try them all!!! The must try is the Organic pedicure! my feet feel so good after!!!! Thanks Amy!!!
5	I recently visited LV nails on south eastern. Wow! The salon is gorgeous! My nail technician was awesome! Very friendly and personable while maintaining a very professional manner. I definitely can see the great changes the new ownership will bring, and business will thrive! My personal favorite part is the cleanliness and health conscious practices they use. A new file, a new pumice, and new buffer for every customer. And multiple sanitation of other nail tools in between. This is how a salon should be! I will definitely recommend this salon all over town! Great job!
5	Just got my nail done at LV nails and spa. The service was awesome... OMG, I never see any nail salons that have so many ( ya I mean a lot) gel color like here. My nail tech, Lynn was super nice and friendly, she even shows me a lot of tips how to take care of my nail, plus my gel nails never look better than this before. I highly recommend everyone come here and try their nail salon. The best nail salon I'd ever been.
5	I followed Lynn to this the spa and I love it! The inside is really nice and it's so relaxing. They have a huge selection of gel polishes and are always helpful when you need help deciding which to choose. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	Im back in town for Thanksgiving , after been shopping all morning long, my friend took me to LV Nails for a pedicure treat!!! i don't usually write review unless something really wow me, and this place does!!!  This salon is under new management, and also newly renovates, everything is new and clean, they also use high end products for the salon, i got plenty of pedicures before to know the differences.  i got the Fiji retreat pedicure spa, it was awesome!!! it took my nail tech over an hour to pampered me, and btw they used new and clean disposable pumice, buffer and files on my feet!!! Amy did a great job on my tired feet, she also offered coconut water and Hagendazz ice cream that is part of my pedicure!!! wow wow wow, i have never experience this kind of amazing service before!!! HIGHLY recommended!!! i wish i can take them along with me back to Philly!!! THANK YOU LV NAILS!!!
5	Great service and quality! This place is wonderful!! I got a pedicure and manicure today and it looks great. The atmosphere is warm and inviting and the place is spotless. Lynn does the best gel manicure I've ever had - I get a lot of compliments on my nails each time she does them and it lasts up to a month! I would highly recommend :)
5	This salon is under new management.  I used to go the other salon on the west side.  I live in summerlin and I make the drive.   It's totally worth it.  Amy, Mark,  and Lynn are not only amazing techs, but great people as well.  The salon is very clean and they use top of the line products.  If you are into nail art Amy is the best!  I can bring in any picture and she can duplicate with ease.  I highly recommend this salon!!
5	Seriously the best place to get your nails done. Clean shop,friendly workers and amazing work. I am very very picky with how my nails are done and I've never been disappointed. All the girls are very skilled in designs too.
5	Why would I drive almost a half hour to get my nails & pedi done? Because that's how good Lily is! (Know what I mean?) The salon is stunning and spacious! Mark & Amy always make sure you are well taken care of ( former owners of Creative Nails) ! Incredible selection of premium regular polishes & gels (my gel pedi lasts a month)! Yes, there are hundreds of nail salons in Vegas- certainly many closer to where I live- and believe me, my free time is limited but the value of the work and attention to detail is worth it to me.   The salon is immaculate and only top of the line products are used.
5	Super love this place! My coworker told me about it and ever since my first visit I have not returned to my old salon. I love their spa chairs and they always take care of me really well. So far I've had Lynn, Jen and Lily do my nails and they all have done a great job. Vanessa fixed one of my broken nails when I had a crisis. I always recommend this place to my friends. They have so much colors to choose from, and all of them are good with nail art! If you show them a picture, rest assured they'll do exactly how you want it or half the time even better. 5/5 will come back.
5	Had such a great experience here. Kim did an amazing job on my pedicure and my gel manicure. It's been two weeks and my nails still look amazing with no chips. My moms fill still looks brand new too! Great top of the line salon, brand new everything! To me the best part was all the polishes are BRAND NEW. There is nothing worse to me than paying for my nails to be done an watching them poor acetone into an already nasty polish. Not the case here! Much larger than normal selection of regular and gel polish. Had such a great experience I tell EVERYONE that I finally found an amazing nail salon again! And the girl that works the front desk will find exactly the color you are looking for!!
5	This place was excellent !! I give them an A+. Their client service was on point they even offered us beverages .They atmosphere there was very clean and professional. They had a wide variety of colors to chose from which was great. And they did a great job on my gel manicure and pedi I had no complaints and will definitely be returning
5	My nails always look on point with my girl Lily doing them! Amy and Mark put their heart and soul into tho place and it shows! The selection is HUGE! The customer service is stellar and the atmosphere is amazing! I love coming here even tho it's a drive for me, I wouldn't go anywhere else!!!
5	This place is one of the best nail salons I've been to in Vegas. They have a huge huge selection of gels colors and regular polish, the most I've ever seen. When I walked I was greeted by the receptionist who took the time and explained the different kinds of polish and recommend which colors and services were popular and whatnot and did not rush or pressure me into choosing my color. The nail tech was very professional and did a very good job.  The place was very clean, tools were opened from sealed packages, nail techs wiped down bottles after each use. Overall very good job. Will come back again even though it's a 30 minute drive for me.
5	This is under new management and the best management in town!  I followed them from summerlin!  The best service and  Lynn does impeccable gel manis!  They last forever!  Amy does an amazing brow wax too!  Try Lynn out and you will follow her everywhere like I do!   I drive 20 minutes to see her!  Service is amazing!  And they have a million gel colors!
5	Lily did an awesome job on my gel nails and my royal pedicure was so rejuvenating! She's very professional and thorough. Atmosphere is very welcoming and I will be returning.
5	I've been in salon limbo for over a year looking for a place that cares about details and quality work over rushing you in and out. This place is AMAZING! Cat did my pedicure and fill with gel polish and rhinestone bows. She was very careful and took her time to make sure I was completely happy with all aspects of my service. No detail was overlooked. They have a great selection of quality polish and gel colors. The salon is very tastefully decorated and immaculate. LOVE this place!!! I have found my nails a new home.
5	I absolutely love this place.  The atmosphere is great and everyone is so nice.  Lily is the best :)
5	Lynn did a really nice job with my nails! Got the Island Oasis pedi: yummy smelling scrub + hot stones + wax massage. It was pretty relaxing :) I have terrible ingrown toenails that most salons don't take care of, but Lynn managed to dig all the gross stuff out and now they feel much better. Definitely recommend this place!
5	I have to say after getting my nails done by several in town, the best is Lily. I followed her from her previous salon to LV Nails. Lily does an amazing job and my nails always look fabulous!! LV Nails has such a great energy, Amy & her husband did a fantastic job with the salon. It's so worth the drive to get pampered! If you're looking for a great manicure or pedicure make sure you see Lily. You won't regret it & have amazing nails to show off!
5	Mark did an amazing glitter gel mani on me for my first (of many future visits) to LV nails. They have Organic Gel. I didn't know there was such a thing...BUT there is. I am meticulous about my nails and love having a short ,clean, square-round look. Long nails gross me out. A gel change is only $20 too if you're bored after a week or so! Looking forward to coming back and trying one of the HUNDREDS of gel options.
5	I will literally follow Lily wherever she goes!!! Even if it's a 45 minute drive! I love the new nail salon, it's very classy and trendy and always in stock with the best and latest products. Mark and Amy are amazing and always greet me by name when I walk in. Everyone is very welcoming! Lily is very talented and always spends extra time on my nails to make sure they are exactly how I want them! She is such a sweetheart and I always know that when I leave my nails will look gorgeous! :)
5	Enjoyed another amazing mani with Lily!! Lily always creates a design that is done with perfection. Vanessa made me a delicious hot chocolate..  Amy & Mark really have created the most fabulous salon!
5	I tried LV Nails and Spa with a Groupon because it was the first place I found that got good reviews on this side of town.  I will definitely return. Everyone was so pleasant, my mani and pedi were done beautifully,and the prices are reasonable.  You can't go wrong here.
5	Decided to drive all the way here because of the awesome reviews. Made an appointment of thinking that they might be busy. As soon as I came in I was greeted and was offered something to drink. I knew right when I walked in that they really care about my experience and wanted me to feel comfortable. I showed them a picture of what I had wanted and they sure deliver! Jennifer did a great job with my nails. She was super nice too. The girls were fun to talk to. The price was very reasonable for the gel mani that I had. Highlights:-Amazing service-Super friendly staff-Very artistic and accommodating-They exceeded my expectations. Overall:I was a very satisfied customer walking out the door and I still am every time I look at my super cute nails. I am coming back for sure when I have some time. I highly highly highly recommend this place!!!
5	This place does everything right!!! Called for my second appt and Vanessa remembered me. When I arrived Mark came to greet me by name and thanked me for my last review. It really feels good to be remembered and appreciated. Things I love about this place;1. New files and feet buffers for every client. This place is clean, clean, clean. 2. Literally thousands of gel colors and combos to choose from. Their regular polish is all new, high end polish. No swap meet bargain polish here! Only quality product. 3. My appts are handled on time! And then they take their time. They don't rush through the service. They pay attention to details and make sure their work is beautiful. 4. Dedicated receptionist. You will not sit and wait for your technician to answer the phone or sit at the manicure station waiting for her to clean the pedicure station. She even got me a hot cocoa. 5. Beautiful decor and ambiance. Nice ambient music playing softly and plenty of tv's on a variety of stations with subtitles on. 6. Cat also thanked me for leaving a review last time. She was sincerely proud that I loved my nails. She said she read the review and it gave her such a big smile to know I was so happy. How awesome is that?!This place is more than your average shop. It's worth the few extra bucks to get this kind of quality. The experience is up to par with services provided at some of the best hotel spas in Vegas, and still nowhere near those prices. I drive 30 minutes to get there because I truly believe this is the BEST nail shop in Vegas!
5	First time here. Got a pedicure with Lynn. Very professional and efficient. She did an amazing job. Very relaxed, she was gentle, friendly and did a great job painting my nails. Used sterile equipment. Salon very clean and classy. Peaceful atmosphere. Good price. I will definitely be back. Highly recommend.
5	I've been to LV nails twice, and I love love love love it. So clean, so professional, and amazing work. I love the new management, and their quality assurance. They make sure the customers are always taken care of. Highly recommend this place. Thanks Amy for remembering me and my friend after 1 visit. :0) and thanks Lily for the outstanding job on my faded nails.
5	I've been to LV Nails twice and there were several people including the owners that remembered my friend and I. I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! I wish I found this place sooner before moving from the area. Everyone is helpful and knowledgeable. It is so clean and professional, and they do AMAZING work!! I love the quality and you are taken care of very well! Thank you Ivy for doing an amazing job! Did I mention that I LOVE this place? :)
5	I drive almost 30 min to LV nails and spa because my girl Lilly does a fabulous job with my gel mani & pedi!  She takes her time and makes me feel very comfortable. The owners Amy and Mark are wonderful. I appreciate the fact they insist their staff take their time with each and everyone of their clients!  The rest of the staff are very pleasant and professional!
5	HIGHLY RECOMMEND this salon, Amy & Mark's amazing team of techs will take good care of you! I had the Island Oasis pedi, felt so so so good, it also come with a refreshing coconut juice for me to quench my thirst while being pamper for over an hour or so, but who is counting time when i was relaxing? I also took 2 of my coworkers here with me, Lily and Kim did a great job on fixing their acrylic nails, they owed me a nice lunch for sure!  Do not let other salons nearby fooled  you, they're all copy cat or pretended to be "clean".  This salon is the ONLY salon i know that use throw away files and pumice after they finished serving you, and they cleaned and sanitise implements right there in front of you, you don't have to read my reviews, other yelp users that had been here would agreed of their top notch to service and quality as well.
5	Everything about this salon was perfect. The girl who answers the phone and made my appointment was friendly and remembered me when I arrived. She helped me choose colors and was patient while I tried to make up my mind! Two people welcomed me and offered me bottled water. The lady who did my nails was professional, meticulous and focused. She made sure I was happy and did amazing work. At the end a polite gentleman appeared to make sure I was satisfied and thanked me for my business.The girl who checked me out was also appreciative of my business and my warm welcome was matched with a pleasant good bye. These people are succeeding at running this business. Winning!
5	I absolutely love this place!  I was on groupon looking for a good mani/pedi deal and I came across a few, but of course reviews for them all were horrible.  Then, I came across lv nails and their groupon and read reviews and there wasn't a single negative or partially negative review.  Since the new management that is.  I purchased the groupon at that time and made my first appointment.  I walked in and was in love with the look of the salon.  It's very peaceful.  I was impressed with the polish selection.  I love that.  My obsession is gel polish though.  And.let me just say....it is hard to choose one color when there are literally hundreds of options.  The receptionist is always awesome.  Very professional and will never let you down when you are needing help deciding or looking for that perfect color choice.  All of the staff is friendly and they are all professional.  They use some new supplies for each person which I love. My groupon I originally purchased included a free pedi.  I was impressed when getting my pedicure done, Michelle treated it as if I paid.  She took her time and did an awesome job.  Not to mention, my gel manicure.  She took her time to perfect it.  I have only scheduled with michelle since then and I must say she is awesome.  Thou definitely pay for what you get at lv nails.  From the service to the quality of work and products. I.cpuld say so much more, but I think.you should check it out for yourself.  I will never ever go anywhere else.
5	Today was my first day here and I absolutely loved it! Amy did my nails and it was my first time ever getting a design and she was amazing.  Definitely going back.
5	The absolute best mani - pedi I've ever received in Vegas. Kim was wonderful, took her time and did a fabulous job. This is definitely the only nail salon I will go to now.
5	Best nail spa! I used to go to Mark and Amy when they were at creative nails. I was SO HAPPY that I was able to find them again! I'm incredibly picky on how I like my nails done and I can honestly say I'm  satisfied every single time I leave the salon. I can't imagine going anywhere else.
5	First time here and I must say I love evrything about it. Jennifer took her time on ny pedi and my husband got a pedi with michelle with he loved. He felt comfortable here and is going to come back. Its kind of hard to make men feel comfortable at any nail shop. I loved how michelle took her time with his feet and massage. Jennifer fixed got.rid of my ingrown ..thank God! They also offer green tea thats so delicious!! This is definetly our new spot!!! Thanks guys!
5	Great customer service! First time coming here and they did exactly what I asked! Most of the nail places I've went to can never do the designs that I want but LV nails did exactly what I asked for! They even offered me water, tea or hot chocolate. Had a good vibe and nice workers that weren't rude and gave me an attitude. This will be my new place to go to! And if you were referred by someone you get 10% off your first visit!
5	Eyebrows:: Vanessa rocks!Nails:: Kim is as picky as me... Love her work!Customer service is a class act!Been 4 times now and it has become a great atmosphere to get my pampering done.Spa music, coffee, water, tea... They spoil ya!
5	This is my new place!!!!Very clean!!!They have so many selections of nail colors and designs its unbelievable.You show them a picture of what you want and they have people there the can do it!!!Great customer service and they also have a referral program and point system. I was tired of showing the nail salon by Fire Fly pictures of nails I wanted and them saying they couldn't do that.
5	This is an amazing place! The atmosphere and decor is wonderful and everybody is very friendly. They offer you a choice of drinks and make you feel right at home. My nails were done by Kim and she did an excellent job! She was really nice and made me feel comfortable. It's very rare for me to give anyone 5 stars because im so picky, but they definitely deserve it. I won't be getting my nails done anywhere else but here from now on.
5	Tried this place for the first time today and I LOVED IT! Great customer service, clean salon and awesome work! I got a pedicure today, but I'll definitely be back for my next acrylic fill! They have more colors to choose from than any other salon I've been to! Highly recommend this place!
5	I had to share, this is the best nail salon I've been to in the Vegas area! Ive had gel twice with Kim and she's great. The entire salon is staffed by the friendliest people and I think the reviews speak volumes. My first gel manicure lasted 3 weeks which is unusual for me, I can maybe get 2. Clean, friendly, and a lasting manicure!
5	The best place to go in the Clark County area. The atmosphere is relaxing and from the moment you walk in you feel at home. Over 2500 gel polishes to choose from! Lilly does amazing nail art. I will never go anywhere else. The best place to go for nails.
5	Lily is amazing! She is talented and does amazing work! This is my new nail salon and I would highly recommend!! The salon is clean and is very calming. I continue to get compliments on my nails.
5	Went in today for the first time and absolutely loved it ! I was seen by Vanessa, she took her time and saw me from the start of my pedi to the finish of my mani  !!! Happy I found this place and would recommended this place to everyone I know !!
5	After reading all the 5-stars reviews from other Yelpers' i had to come in and give this salon a try. They were not wrong, i LOVE this place.  As i walked in, i was greeted by a very friendly receptionist, she offered me refreshment, then helped me pick out the gel colors for my mani and pedi. They truly have a lot of colors to choose from, the place is immaculate clean, upscale, with soft relaxing music to make me feel right at home.  My nail tech was Amy, and she did amazing job on my mani/pedi. friendly and attentive, took her time to service me. I also signed up for their repeat customer point system, they reward you with discount for being loyal customer. I will definitely come back, HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5	I am absolutely amazed at this place!  I live all the way across town but I will be back!  First of all I was In hurry and Amy did a GREAT job!  The receptionist helped me pick polish to match a color I already had on toes and was so sweet to everyone!  The place is impeccably clean~used disinfectant on the pedicure bowls each time and the music was so relaxing!!!  I will tell everyone I know in Vegas about this place!  Thank you LV Nails!
5	Yesterday was my first time visiting LV Nails & Spa. I got a full set with gel done by Mark and a pedi by Jen. I am absolutely in love with my nails. This place had lots of options to choose from and they were nice enough to help me find a color when I wasn't sure about the one I chose. I was impressed with the entire experience and I will for sure be going back to this place. Two thumbs up.
5	I am so picky about my nails! I have been looking for a place in Vegas for about a year now. Finally decided I wanted to try this salon out and I couldn't be happier! So clean, relaxing, gel color selection is amazing! Kim did my manicure and pedicure and she was as picky as I was and it looks absolutely perfect! I love that she was my technician the whole time. They are all so friendly, sweet, and talented (take a look at the pictures). I can't wait to go back!
4	A little pricey, but do a good job! Loved my pink and white fill! Got lots of compliments on my nails. Pedicure was pretty good. Good nail salon overall.
5	Why would you get your nails done anywhere else? I made the mistake of going to another salon to get a gel manicure because I was in a rush and they were closed. HUGE MISTAKE. Two of my nails broke within two days. Came back here and Jennifer fixed everything! What I love about this salon, is that I am never nervous about how my nails are going to turn out here. At many other salons, sometimes they just don't get what you want, no matter how much you explain, or even if you show them a picture. But here, they really get it! I love all the technicians creativity. I feel comfortable throughout the entire process, never rushed, and I know I am going to leave loving my nails!The salon itself is just gorgeous. It's spotless, the pedicure massage chairs are phenomenal, and they have an endless color selection. Everyone is friendly and they even have a receptionist to manage the appointments & make sure the salon is clean and running smoothly. Their prices are extremely reasonable, and you also get 20% off your first visit! All around great nail salon & I would never go anywhere else! =)
5	I have only had a new set done on my first visit then I had my fill & a pedi the second time. So far I'm impressed. I try to be flexible because nothing and no one is perfect but my technician and pretty much all the people I have interacted with are professional & courteous. I'm very happy with the outcome of my nails & feet. I think I'm a picky person especially for the price. I'm happy to pay for very good service and nails that are done with picky people in mind Lily does my nails and she is very serious about making me feel special. She takes her time and will do something over if it doesn't meet her expectations which is higher than my expectations. She is very easy to conversate with as well and speaks VERY good English.
5	Awesome experience.  I rarely treat myself to a nail salon because I have had some bad luck in town and I just did mine at home rather poorly for free.  My mom always treats me to a mani and pedi when I visit Texas, which is very sporadic (2-3 times a year at most).  My friend Nicole B. highly recommended this place and suggested I give it a try.The salon is not far from where I live (less than 5 minutes away by car).  I snagged the first appointment on Sunday (they open at 11 AM) for a regular manicure and a pedicure TBD based on a book of options.  My technician Lynn is excellent.  She is very friendly and made sure I had a great, relaxed experience.  I was offered green tea which is a great perk.Lynn completed my manicure first and then took me to the spa pedicure area.  I soaked my feet and ended up selecting the "Royal Spa Pedicure" which included a scrub, mask, paraffin wax and hot stone massage.  My feet are excruciatingly dry in the desert and I wanted to choose a pedi that included parrafin (though that could be added to the other ones).Since I was referred by a client, I would have gotten 10% off my first visit but my yelp check-in gave me 20% off!  My friend Nicole B. will get a discount for referring me too!  The pedicure was very relaxing and I never felt rushed.  Lynn talked to me most of the time (of course my fave topic is Japanese food!  She asked me for a list of restaurants before I left).The salon is so clean, spacious, and has a beautiful interior.  I do not do gel nails, but Lynn told me there are 2,000 colors to choose from!  I stuck with regular OPI polish, my favorite brand.  The experience was exactly what I have been looking for in a local salon, and the yelp deal made it that much sweeter.  When I am ready to treat myself again, I will definitely be back here to see Lynn!
5	If I could give 10 stars, I would. I have a wonderful experience EVERY TIME I come here. Everyone that works here does amazing (& very thorough) work. Clean, organized, calming environment & they use new utensils on each person! Doesn't get better than this. I highly recommend this salon! -"I feel pretty... Oh so pretty...."
5	The nail techs do an amazing job and they take there time because they care about the customer and the final product.  I would totally recommend this place to anyone who needs a great nail salon!
5	Took my daughters (9 and 11) for their first mani-pedi and they loved it! We made appointments and were seated right away for pedi. Vanessa brought us our drinks-girls got hot chocolate w extra marshmallows. The nail techs spent lots of time working on nails- they definitely didn't rush. We will definitely be back!
1	Don't waste your time! They won't make room for walkins and are quite rude! Are all these positive reviews fixed or paid for? They were obviously not interested in me or my business. Too bad I will make sure I share this.
5	Love this place! Awesome service.. awesome staff...fun atmosphere!! What more could you ask for?! Lynn is great..takes her time and pays close attention to detail! They are stuck with me now cause I won't be going anywhere else! ;-) And to the 1 star review I was a walk in and they made time for me! I would rather come back instead of have them squeeze me in.. feel rushed and pressured for time! :-)
5	Excellent royal pedicure.   Friendly staff.   It was heavenly and I highly recommend.
5	They take their time, and do a fantastic job. The entire staff is very welcoming and friendly. Very talented nail techs!
5	I decided to try this place because of the yelp reviews and I badly needed my nails done. I went by at 3pm and they were full, but the sweet receptionist told me they had an opening at 6pm so I took it. Any way my time there was great. They have lots of gel colors to choose from as well as organic gels. I got my fill, gel color, and a nail repaired done by Jen, she did a lovely job. She took her time, which I appreciate since I'm picky about my nails. I will definitely be going back and hopefully to see Jen!
5	It's pretty bad when a New Yorker (who spends half her time in LA) has to schlepp to Vegas to get her nails done! Yes, despite living in one of the most fashionable cities in the world and spending ample time in other big cities with every salon-offering under the sun, I've NEVER found a nail salon I loved more than LV Nails & Spa. Thankfully, the fact that I have family in LV allows me to come to this fantastic nail salon on occasion. My first gel manicure here lasted for OVER A MONTH!  (I believe it was 5 weeks to be exact) -- without so much as a lift or chip -- I simply had to get them redone because they had grown out. Ask for Mark, Amy, or Kim -- they are ALL fantastic! Plus, the receptionist is also very helpful. This salon is very well-run and organized. They keep files on all their clients so they save your favorite nail colors and the names of the techs who worked on you so you can request them again. They do take walk-ins but prefer appointments and I must say, in the half-dozen times I've been there, never saw anyone made to wait more than a few minutes. This is actually a big deal because most nail salons are so poorly run. Truly, everyone there is kind and helpful above and beyond.BEST gel manicuresBEST nail art/creative stylesBEST pedis!They are meticulous in their work and attention to detail. The salon, the implements they use and soaking chairs are all immaculate. This salon also has the MOST EXTENSIVE (and I do mean that) selection of gel colors (both bio and regular) from every brand on the planet. They will NOT try to upsell you. In fact, when I broke two of my nails and thought about getting tips, Kim discouraged me, saying it was too unhealthy for my nails and she urged me to keep them natural. Who does that?! Trust me, I have been getting my nails done religiously (anything from regular manis to acrylics to sculpted to now gel) for over 20 years and have been to some of the supposed "best" salons in the country and LV Nails could match or outshine any of them! You get the results you would from a very expensive "spa" style salon at reasonable/regular nail salon prices.I could not recommend this salon more highly. Please give it a try! It is not the cheapest, but not expensive either and when you consider how long their manis/pedis last. Worth every penny and I mean it when I say I am panicking about what I will do to find a comparable salon back home :(
5	I love this nail place. I've been to others in this area before, and they really go above and beyond here. Mark is great. He did my pedicure, was very polite, and very much a perfectionist.  He made sure I was comfortable and asked for feedback on the pressure for the foot massage which I appreciated. I will definitely only be coming here from now on!
4	This place has kept me as a client, due to their wonderful staff. Thank you.
3	Would have been five stars if the massage was better. I do really like this place, but why is it that when you spring for a gel pedi the massage is barely anything
5	Came in short notice here for the first time this weekend after having to walk out of another place because of poor customer service. I was completely blown away by the experience at LV Nails and Spa. I've been really trying to find a quality place with good customer service. The receptionist Vanessa was super friendly and was able to guide me through their process/services. Its been a solid year since I've been able to find a place locally where there even IS a receptionist. Let alone one who speaks English. Lynn did the fastest gel manicure I have ever had. DEFINITELY coming back. Got lots of compliments. Everything is reasonable priced.
2	Honestly I will NEVER come back to this place, not only was I over charged for some nails that were TOO thin, 3 nails broke in less than two weeks. The woman I went to was very rude. I'm so disappointed.
5	Yesterday was my third visit to LV Nails. Every time I go in Vanessa or Amber are at the door to greet me and help me pick my color if I'm feeling indecisive. Which is often. The service and attention to detail is why I keep returning to this great salon. I was recommended by a friend and will be recommending them to anyone who wants a high quality gel manicure in Vegas. Btw Lily is my favorite.
5	I love this spa :) I have visited other nail salons and do not get the same friendly vibe or customer service I do here. Vanessa is always helpful and friendly. I love all the nail techs here and Tina has become my go to girl for my mani's and pedi's. This is my one and only nail salon in Vegas!
5	I finally found a nice, CLEAN, QUALITY place to get a pedicure!! Took me long enough!! I will be sending everyone I know here :-)
5	This place is amazing! Super clean and super friendly staff! Myself and my bestie went there. I got a full set of ibd liquid gel nails and gel polish with design on top. Mark did my full set and he was precise and friendly and did exactly what I wanted. Lily did my gel polish and design and she beyond met my expectations. The receptionist was super friendly and answered my million questions. My bestie got her nails done by Jenny and she was in love with her nails before she was even done. We are both going back next week for our pedicures and can't wait! Thanks for your great service :)
5	By far one of the best pedicures I have ever had. The customer service really sealed the deal! Going to try an ice cream pedicure next time!
5	So great! Awesome atmosphere, took their time, offered water. What a great place to escape the world!!!
5	I visited this place for the first time yesterday and was very impressed.  This place is great.  It is clean and the staff are friendly. Even though they are busy, you do not feel rushed at all. They were very attentive and kept making sure i wad comfortable. They kept offering me water or coffee. I had a pedi and they have the best selection of polish colors that I have ever seen, and they are all very high quality nail polishes.
4	Very impressed~ first visit with Ryan (on a referral from a friend) was great. I did have to wait past my appt. time, hence 4 not 5 stars.    Was polite and did a really terrific job on my hands & feet. I even messed up a nail and he was quite gracious about it, REALLY!     It is nice, clean and everyone was polite with the largest nail selection EVER!
5	This is a fabulous place to come!!!! I am an esthetician and this place definitely meets my standards on the cleanliness side, like never using the same filling and cutting tools twice. Definitely make an appointment though! They do great quality and Lily and Lynn are great!! Definitely recommend.
5	A quick update on the review, they have brand new spa pedi chairs and manicure stations. Still the BEST salon around there in Vegas/Henderson area, clean, safe, friendly staff with great services. And as always, they're super busy, so i would highly recommended call ahead to make your appointment, i always booked mine ahead of time before i left their salon.
5	I am from AZ. I was looking for a nail shop that did Gel nail.  Well I found the best in LV Nails. Mark did my nails and is an Artist.  He took his time and made me feel so relaxed and no pain to my cuticles. I may have to move to LV just so Mark can do my nails.  I love them!!
5	I love this salon! In a city with so many choices for nail services, it's very hard to find a salon that has it all! Enter LV nails! I can't speak for all techs, I go to Michelle and I love her! She takes her time to ensure it is PERFECT. I always bring in an image from Pinterest and she nails it every time (no pun intended).  She also does a great job with pedicures, highly recommend!The salon has hundreds of gel color options and tons of non colors. Make an appointment, it's busy!
4	A great experience and beautiful nails.  Kim was wonderful and very friendly and personable.  The receptionist Vanessa answered all my questions and Kevin made sure I was comfortable.  There was a little delay even though I had an appointment but Kim did not rush through my services. Pedicure chairs looked new and worked well. High quality polishes and creams.
5	Went today for the first time because a coworker has been getting gels that last well over three weeks when mine were barely making it two from another salon. There were so many gel colors and designs to choose from; I was blown away! The receptionist, Vanessa, was very helpful and suggested a different color/glitter combo and it turned out great! Chloe was very sweet and took her time. She asked a number of times how I liked my nails and wanted to make sure I was pleased w her design and application. This place is super clean, plays nice relaxing music, has complimentary beverages, and they don't treat you like garbage like so many other nail salons in Henderson/Vegas do. I already made another appointment with Chloe to get a pedicure and I'm sure it will turn out just as great as my gels! So glad to have been referred here!!!!
5	They are amazing there. I went to michelle and she did a gel pedicure with glitter fade and it was the best I've ever had. Very clean inside too.
5	Very impressed!  Ridiculously clean salon and equipment. I've been a regular at another salon for approximately a year and while they do a good job, colors were limited as was cleanliness.  Chose LV Nails based on yelp reviews and I've definitely found a new spot for nails!!Receptionist is friendly and helpful in choosing colors. In fact, you kinda need her because there are SO MANY COLORS to choose from, it's a little overwhelming!!Technicians all wear matching scrub tops as uniforms and they're friendly. There's no Vietnamese chatter going on among technicians throughout the salon and they actually call you by your name and speak to you personally.My tech was very meticulous and talented. He did a great job with my manicure, very clean around the edges as brushes were used to clean up. He never used his own fingernail to scrape away rogue color from my skin as so many others tend to do. Refreshments were offered but I had my own coffee from Starbucks so I didn't take any of theirs. Nice gesture though. My only "complaint" which is more of a warning for the future than complaint is that it took nearly two hours start to finish. My tech was very particular about getting it clean and nice and so he worked slow and meticulous. Now that I know they take their time to get it to look awesome, I'll know for future appointments to plan to be there a bit longer than the usual hour I'm used to. Again.. Not actually a complaint.  Just know what to plan for. :) They also have a rewards program so if you're a regular, you'll add up points toward future discounts.  Pay in CASH and you get a little discount as well. Very happy with my manicure and have already had one friend as a recommendation go for a pedicure and hers looks amazing as well.
5	I love this place! They have the BEST pedicures and the gel manicures last and look beautiful! The staff is friendly and amazing!! I would not go any where else!! Everyone is a great at their jobs and has the best attitudes! 5 star service!!!
3	Went there yesterday for the first time after reading Yelp reviews. My initial impression was pretty good as the receptionist was very nice and helpful and the spa looked pretty and clean. Unfortunately the prices were almost twice what I would normally pay anywhere else for a pedicure and fill! They did a decent job on both but no better than where I usually go and pay much less. Also, the two different nail techs I got were not very personable at all : (
5	Best nail salon I've ever been to hands down! Every one of the employees work together as a team to help each other out. When the nail technicians need nail polish or are not sure what to use on a client, the receptionist is right there to help them get it right to satisfy the client. Also, the establishment itself is absolutely beautiful. Gorgeous paintings everywhere with relaxing music and crown molding to give it a finishing touch. As for the the actual job they do on my nails and toes...PERFECTION. I've had my nails and toes done by a few nail technicians and I'm always satisfied. I never have to request a certain person because they all know what their doing!Pull up a design on a Pinterest, enjoy a hot chocolate, and kick back while you listen to soothing music in complete relaxation.
5	My MOST favorite place to get anything done.  My wife loves this place, the staff is very friendly, the place is very clean and MOST IMPORTANTLY, they don't try and hurt you.I have never had a pedicure where they did not hurt me until I came to this place.  Amy the owner runs this place like a well oiled machine and everyone works hard to make the customers happy.I have sent a few people here and they have NEVER been disappointed  If you are looking for someone who will take the time to and expertise to make sure you get an amazing job done on your nails, look no further as LV Nails is the ONLY place in town I will recommend to anyone.  Perfection is not just a word here, but a goal they strive for and hit every time.
5	Had such a great experience from the second I called and made my appointment the receptionist  is the sweetest girl!! Salon was very clean and well put together I'll defiantly be back!!
5	I came here after reading good reviews and I was pleasantly surprised with the high level of professionalism. The environment and ambiance of the salon is very beautiful. Diane did my nails and she had been doing nails for over 20 years. She is very professional and clean. I will definitely be back,
5	I started going here after I moved to Henderson. Initially I was afraid to try a new place as I had been going to Emporium nails for five years but LV nails surprised me. The place is cleaned meticulously and the decor invokes relaxation. These are fine attributes but they don't even match how amazing the staff is. The girls at the front desk are AWESOME!!! They know everyone by their name and even can recall nail polish colors you've had. Ryan or Diane usually do my nails and they always give me flawless nails.  There was only one incident where I was a bit upset. I scheduled appointments for my friend and I and my friend ended up having to wait 40 minutes for her manicure and then we didn't get to sit next to each other during our pedicure because they gave away the two seats that were next to each other even though we were done literally about 2 minutes after they became open. I'm going to let it slide though and still give 5 stars because I still think they're great.
5	Every time I get a gel manicure, it starts to chip off in a few days. Not here - they stay on solid for 3-4 weeks. They also have more designs and colors than I've seen anywhere else. It does take a while, but I don't mind that they take their time to do a good job. Great service, very clean, and friendly. A bit pricey, but you get what you pay for in this case.
5	In this city there is a nail salon on every corner so it's a bit overwhelming and often times the quality of work is subpar. LV nails has restored my love in getting my nails done again. Highly recommend! All of the techs seem very skilled i saw Amy who is fantastic.
5	Look for Tina, Lanie, and Peter for the best couple pedicures. Where real men can feel relaxed and comfortable ;)Ok, on a more serious note the service was excellent and professional. Recommend that anyone moving to the desert and find their feet/skin adjusting to this climate then this is the place to go. Experienced the ice cream pedicure where Haagen Dazs ice cream was also served.
5	Amazing!!! These ladies have excellent customer service! Alexia at the front helped me pick out my color based on what mood I was in and Chloe was so sweet and Amy spent so much time perfectly and artistically focused on each and every nail! No short cuts! Just amazing people and service! I love my nails!! If I could just give them a big hug without being weird I would!
1	BEWARE!! I have the worst infected ingrown toenail ever!!!! The girl who did my nails and toes was nice but did a horrible job! 1st she filed them done with a drill even after telling  her it was regular polish.. Then she soaked my toenails in acetone after I told her it was regular polish again. It was the worst hot stone pedicure ever! $50 down the drain.. I'm not kidding when I say every toenail has an ingrown on both sides.. Plus after a week my toes are all chipping. I'm more upset that I spent money here than going to the ER for antibiotics!!
1	I went to the ER today and paid my $40 copay. The doctor said my toe was severely infected and that I was gna lose my toenail. He took a chunk of the toenail out to relieve the pain and drained the puss from my toe. I had to go buy antibiotics and pain reliever from CVS. While waiting for my prescription I called LV nails and asked for a refund.. THEY REFUSED and offered for me to come back and get another pedi. The manager would not speak to me, she had the young (very sweet) receptionist do all the dirty work. Not only am I out of a toenail, I had to call in sick today and tomorrow costing  me sick days, $40  ER visit, $50 for a horrible pedi & $10 for prescription. Not to mention I have to make an apt with a podiatrist this week and pay for a babysitter to watch my 6 month old.. My one day of pampering myself has cost me a toenail and more money than I can afford! Thanks LV nails for the wonderful experience
5	I was looking for a new nail place to try in Henderson and was very pleased with LV Nails & Spa.  This place is WAY nicer than most nail salons you will walk into, they have a huge selection of nail polish and gel colors and everyone on the staff is extremely pleasant.  I went to Diane and she did an excellent job.  Looks like I've found my new nail salon!
5	This place is great! I am from Southern California, and I needed to stop somewhere to get a gel manicure because my current one had almost all peeled off, so I Yelped and found gold!Big salon, but still reasonably quiet, considering it's size. The receptionist was very friendly, and offered me something to drink. LOTS of gel colors to pick from. Maybe too many, for someone as indecisive as me!Michelle did my nails, and they are FLAWLESS. I've been salon hopping, anyways, for a few weeks now because my home salon suddenly changed owners, and now I'm sad that I can't see Michelle all the time! We had great conversation, too!Now, I must say it's a little on the pricey side, $35 for a gel manicure, but it's one of the best I've ever had, so I think it's worth it.Highly recommended by this out-of-towner!
5	I am really picky about my gel polish. I am tough on my nails and am prone to chipping and lifting. But not when I go to LV Nails! First, the receptionist are American and speak very good English. When you go in, they are always on time (highly recommend an appointment even if it's just an hour in advance). The place is nice and clean, nothing fancy. They offer you water, tea, coffee, or soda. LV Nails has the best selection on gel that I've ever seen. I travel and move a lot and this place does the best gel polish I've ever had. And that's with EVERY nail tech. They do extra coats of polish and top coat and even offer an extra hard top coat for people like me. If you have a problem, they will go above and beyond to fix it. Truly the best nail place I've ever been to.
5	Awesome Place! People are friendly and the work is amazing!
5	Love my French fade from Amy. I am VERY picky with who designs my nails and I get mani/pedi's every two weeks - it is very easy to differentiate a great technician from a non-skilled tech. Amy is great!! She exceeded my expectations and I will continue to schedule with her. Great reward system: you earn points for savings vouchers. Every dollar spent is a point, once you reach over 240 (I believe) you'll receive a $15 credit voucher. If you live near Eastern & St. Rose, there is no other salon that offers the assortment of colors, glitter and art  like LV Nails & Spa.
