4	This places serves up some excellent Lao grub and is consequently always bustling with Madisonians hungry for good ethnic food.  I hear that there is a Willy St location as well, but I haven't had a chance to compare.
5	I treat Madison like a nice weekend retreat. The Hamptons on Chicago, if you will...anyway, one of the great draws of Madison are the wonderful Lao restaurants -- the food is fresh, fruit-laden, and spicy, but in ways that are distinct from what you would find in neighboring Thai and Vietnamese cuisine. Excellent experience and true to what you find in a nice restaurant in Vientiane. Literally everything on the menu is great and it's shameful that we have nothing comparable in Chicago. Notch one up for Mad Town.
4	FINALLY (Thank you Yelp!) I was able to locate this restaurant after numerous tries.  The original location was closed so we ended up here for lunch on a Monday.  I had a lot of anticipation after hearing such GREAT AND WONDERFUL things about Lao Laan Xang and I was very satisfied with the end result.  I do love my curry and ordered the pineapple chicken and catfish curry.  As I am Asian Pacific Islander, I opted for the "Native" spicy level while my lunch date tried 'adventurous.'  I didn't detect a difference in the levels of spiciness however.  Curry was perfect in texture and taste.  Good lunch prices.  I'm now looking forward to take-out on those busy school nights and definitely bringing family and friends here from out of town to enjoy as well!
3	Lao Laan Xang was a bit of a let down. Maybe I need to stop reading reviews on Yelp before dining at a place. It's like ruining the surprise of a movie by reading its review first. And disappointment is always worse when your expectations fall short of the actual experience.My sister and I had snuck away from a dinner party with my parent's friends to eat out. The restaurant was moderately busy which afforded a leisurely paced dinner. I have memories of this location when it used to be a decent mexican place called Pasqual's. LLX did a good job creating a cozy, warm interior, working hard to mute out the previously festive colors. I just wish they had saved a few of the festive flavors too.We started with the best part of the meal, Kang Gai soup. It was savory and rich, with a lush coconut flavor and mild spice. The tofu in the soup was firm and complimented the soup. I kept wolfing it down as my sister told me about her recent trip to India. But the rest of the meal wasn't so tasty. The appetizer combo was a bland combination of fried this and that. I could barely tell the taste of the fried shrimp from the spring roll. They should throw a chicken skewer or fresh veggie into the mix.For our mains we mistakenly ordered the Moak Pa, catfish stuffed with dill and steamed in banana leaves. The bland but catfishy flavor was overwhelming and was served with bland broccoli and steamed veggies. Note to self, from now on, only order fried cat fish... but wait, didn't I already have some as an appetizer??The other dish should have been an easy winner - curry squash. Again flavor was sorely absent and substituting tofu again for chicken didn't help the sauce. Perhaps when we asked for "timid" spiciness they took that to mean timid FLAVOR.2.75 * stars
3	Good beer selection, especially a lot of yeasty brews that help with the spices.  I feel this suffers from the same disease that many SE Asian restaurants in America possess--spice is seen as a substitute for flavor, instead of a complement.  Non-spicy stuff like spring rolls were generally bland and even staples like the tofu and sticky rice were a let down.
3	I'm on the fence on this one. The first time I was there, I had a fish entree with(waaaaayyyy too much)lemongrass. Not so good. The last time we went, I had the dumpling soup which was really flavorful, and my entree(a noodle dish) was nothing short of yum. My boyfriend always gets something that looks like your average chicken and vegetable mix...and he seems pleased(but if you screw THAT up...we have problems).The dining area is very open--and very loud. I wish it was a bit more mellow.
2	Ehh.The only reason to go to this location of Lao Laan Xang is if you have a party of four or more.  The only advantage it has over the Willy Street location is size.  Our waitress was so completely unfriendly that I was turned off of the whole restaurant.  We arrived and had to wait for two other people to show up.  During the 10 minute wait for our friends, we were asked if we wanted to order at least twice.  As soon as our friends sat down, the waitress was back to ask if we could order yet.  Uh...no?  Could they look at the menu first?  Jeez louise, lady.  Nothing was ever said with a smile, and it was apparent that she couldn't wait for us to get the f-outta' her restaurant.  I'd like to add that they were hardly busy.The food was delicious, just as it is at the other location.  The food almost makes me want to give it 3 stars.  But you know what?  I did not walk away feeling "A-OK" about the experience.  All I wanted to do was to pinch the waitress' cheek and say, "Heyyyyy!  Buck up, sunshine!  It's called "customer service!"  Or, you know, lay her tip out on the table and revoke bills as her service got worse.
3	I really like the catfish in yellow curry and order it almost every time. Pretty much anything in the coconut curry sauce has been enjoyable. A couple of dishes are really spicy, but lack flavor. My big complaint is they always seem to be out of random things when we go, and that can be frustrating. One time it was tea. Another it was a particular soft drink. Another it was catfish. C'mon! Get your act together and properly stock your restaurant.
4	The squash curry with chicken is delicious. I love squash. I love curry. This dish makes me happy. I had to be out of town for a couple months for work and while gone I got a craving for their squash curry. I tried other places while I was away, but nothing is as yummy in my book. My first weekend back home I had to head over here for lunch and give into my craving. Lunch prices are very reasonable at under $10 during the week and a bit more on the weekend. Of course, I'm not an expert on Laotian food and I don't like things too spicy hot because I'm a wimp, so I can't comment on how authentic it is.
3	I have to say I have always been a big fan of this place. The first couple of times I went I really liked it. I was torn between giving this place 3 or 4 stars, just because I went there today and was disappointed. A lot of the curry dishes taste so similar it is hard to tell them apart sometimes. Also I wonder if the curry dishes are made to order or pre made and then scooped out when you order them?Also there were way too many pototoes in the curry dish. I think there should be a good mix of vegetables in it, more green beans, more carrots, more squash..not just an overload of potatoes. That makes me think they are cutting corners because potatoes are cheaper then some of the other vegetables.
5	Flavorful food,  appealing atmosphere, good service, reasonable prices, funky neighborhood.At the right time of day, there is some good people-watching to be had.Best Crab Rangoon in town.
4	This is the place we get take-out from, more than any other.  The reasons are numerous, but some favorites include the broccoli with peanut sauce, pineapple curry, their soups, their fresh spring rolls with either shrimp or tofu, and don't forget to add on the cucumber salad (something like $1.50).  If dining in, the soup is a double treat because of the presentation.  If you like spice, they'll accommodate!  And kids (at least our little kid) always love eating here (or from here).
2	We went here after reading many stellar reviews and hearing from friends that it was the best food in town.  First things, first the waitresses and hostesses were not very pleasant.  They hardly welcomed us in at 6:30 on a Sunday.  It was about 85 degrees out and the building doesn't appear to have AC which was clearly ticking them off, but as people who are trying to help them make money for the evening I was put out by their attitudes.  We decided to dine outside where our smile-less waitress continued to bus the table next to us.  Rather than taking the previous diners full glasses of water back to the kitchen she chose to hurl the water into the street while we were eating.  Now I know this isn't a fancy restaurant but along with the sour puss she wore the whole time we were there I found this to be rude.  The food was decent, but one of the entrees was over cooked.  When we didn't ask to box it she asked if there was something wrong and I told her the beef was really really tough.  She said she would take it off the bill and did, thankfully.  When I went in later to drop off the check she did finally come out with a little personality and say that she tried our dish and it was awful and that she was sorry.  All in all there wasn't anything that would encourage me to come back.
4	I've eaten at the Atwood location once.  Considering the place was packed, and we had a table of 8 people service was adequate.  One meal took a little longer than the others to come out, and they did apologize for it.  This is one of the few places in WI, where I can ask for something hot (spicy), and it actually comes hot.  I have yet to try anything here I don't like.  If I'm in the Madison, or know of someone passing through.  I usually have them bring something back for me.  I enjoy it that much.  If this location is too busy or your looking for something more intimate, check out the williamson location.  I'm actually waiting for a delivery as I type!
3	Stopped here on a trip up from Chicago, so this was a first visit and probably a rare one. After reading so many lukewarm reviews here, I had pretty low expectations, and indeed, the place was fairly empty on a Saturday afternoon. I was worried. Needlessly, it turned out. I ordered mango curry with tofu, and it was delicious--rich, silky, complex. And the highest spice level wasn't really all that hot--either my taste buds are half dead from the homegrown habaneros I've been eating, or they're dumbing it down for their farm-fed clientele. My co-diner ordered, in addition to a curry that he really liked, a Bell's Two-Hearted India Pale Ale that I fell in love with,. Our waitress was nice enough to tell us, when I asked, exactly where in town we could procure our own supply. Other than I thought it was a bit expensive, especially for a simple storefront restaurant, I was pleased with our experience.
2	More like 2.5 stars. An ok place in a pinch, but I've had better. First, if you're going to make a big deal about heat level from peppers on the menu (4 levels, including "native Laotian") then you should deliver. A dedicated chili lover, I asked for native level, and all I got was a whisper of cayenne. No visible chilis in my curry. Had to ask for a saucer of sriracha on the side. So #fail there. The fruited curries (pineapple or mango) seem to be where they shine. Noodles were unremarkable, and a selection of appetizers were hit or miss (great rolls, thick doughy dumplings). Somewhat friendly to vegetarians - though I think vegans will probably be hesitant on whether they do or don't use fish sauce.
4	First off, the food was very good.   What is a restaurant worth if they can't make good food?   We stopped by here for lunch after hearing good things about this place.  My sweetheart really enjoyed her dish which always makes me happy and she's a tough judge.  The prices were very affordable.The atmosphere of the place is ok.   A little small if there were a lot of people but only a few people there when we stopped by.   Two love birds were off necking in a booth which sometimes bugs me but I really liked this because they were so damn nuts about each other that it was really heartwarming and they were so cute together.We ordered medium spice which was quite a bit hotter than I expected.  We like heat so that was ok but someone else might be a little overpowered.   All the ingredients were fresh, of good proportion and had a very good aroma.   Everything was very hot as in cooked through and needed to cool off for a bit before we could eat, which is how we prefer our food served.The music was a contemporary station, yuck.   Some people won't care or maybe like but I would rather not listen to the song "I Can Only Imagine" while I eat Laotian food.  Improve the atmosphere and the music and this place moves closer to 5 stars but the food was terrific and we will be back.
2	I've been to this restaurant multiple times, but after this last experience, I am never going back.I've eaten here once, ordered take out before and have always been pleased with the meal.  This last time I went, I took my mother and grandmother out to dinner.  We sat down, placed an appetizer order and then had to wait about 20 minutes to place our food order.  The waitstaff seemed frazzled with the amount of take out orders that they had and the few tables that were in the restaurant (there were about 4 tables including our own and maybe 3-4 servers along with a manager on duty).  Another 10-20 minutes after placing our food order the appetizers came.  Then we waited another 20-25 minutes for our food.  When we asked our waitress why the food was taking so long, she informed us that the "kitchen was backed up with a lot of take out orders."  I'm sorry, but I have worked in the food service industry and I do believe that your customers who are actually eating IN the restaurant deserve to get their food before take-out orders.  After waiting quite a while to get our food, the waitress brought over my vegetarian squash curry.  I looked at it, and having gotten it before realized that it didn't look right.  I asked her if it was the vegetarian squash curry, and she said yes.  So I put the rice on my plate and put some of the curry on it only to find a piece of chicken.  I called her back over and she looked at the dish again only to this time realized that she had served me the Mango curry with chicken.  duh.  Overall, I was incredibly displeased with this whole experience.  We had to ask multiple times for water refills, the wrong food was delivered and the food came out of the kitchen incredibly slow.  Not going back.
5	You know those places that you visit, usually when you go see your relatives living someplace far away, and they have a restaurant or shop that you can't find back home? Then when you are away, you dream about going back there some day....This is that kind of place for me, and that is why it's one of my first visits when I go to Madison. Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of great Asian restaurants back in Houston, in fact, it has one of the largest Asian communities outside of the west coast so we got tons of awesome places that I can go to.The unique quality of Lao Laan-Xang is that it has that subtle flavor profile that is indicative of food from Laos and Myramar (Burma) that it is kind of halfway between Asian and Indian food; so you can have the curries and some of the flavor profiles from India-Thailand, but if you are looking for the more traditional Asian-Chinese type of food, you can find this kind of dishes here too. Including these dishes is essential to appeal to the All-American pallet in an 'ethnic joint' in a small city,  but if you want to see where these guys shine with really unique stuff, stick to the original traditional dishes!You will be back again, and again.
4	My friends chose this place when we were on the way to Dells. We were looking for some Thai food but ended up with this nice Lao restaurant.  We liked it.I ordered the fish curry in native Lao's spicy. It came with the white curry sauce which i was expecting something in red curry if it would be spicy. Surprisingly It was tasty with right amount of spiciness for me. My mom got the garlic shrimp which just looked and tasted like a typical Chinese garlic shrimp with plenty fresh vegetables. She said that was exactly what she wanted. Nice! Kids loved the fried rice. It was really all great on the food except they put potato in the fish curry. Is that a tradition?Our waitress was great. She was really busy but circled back enough times to make sure we were OK. She apologized a few times for taking the order late.  The decor was a bit old. I felt like I stepped in an old restaurant in Asia somewhere which has a warm, ancient, and relaxing atmosphere. If I had the time, I imagine I could order some tea and spend the whole afternoon there. Well, next time....
1	A friend was having her birthday dinner here and I was the first to arrive from our reservation. Thankfully the table was ready a bit early, unfortunately I was left alone without so much as water until someone else arrived 10 minutes after me. We started with spring rolls, which were a disappointment. No discernible meat in them at all. I ordered the Moak Pa, which is supposed to be a specialty. I asked for it to be "timid" and was stunned when the vegetables had no flavor and the fish (I had ordered chicken, by the way) was so spicy it burned my lips and I couldn't tell what I was eating (my husband pointed out that it was fish). The real killer was the service though. Our waitress was cold and unfriendly. When one couple decided to share an entree because the portions are large she rolled her eyes and snarled "they taste good as leftovers too". After our drink orders she asked for appetizers and walked away before we could answer. When we called her back she again rolled her eyes at us for making her come back to get our appetizer orders. When the check came she did not ask if we wanted it split (despite that we were sitting in distinct couplings). When we took it upon ourselves to mark which each group would be paying for she became increasingly agitated and finally demanded one of our party come with her to calculate the totals (we wrote 1,2 or 3  next to our selections - it's not like we were using Morris code). Once that fiasco was over she slopped our food into take out dishes at our table and then walked away after saying we could divide up the leftover rice ourselves. And the next day I checked my bank account and she must have run my card twice because it showed I was double charged. Between the either incredibly bland or super spicy food and the dismal service this place will not be getting my business again anytime soon.
2	Just moved to Madison a few months ago and while I've accepted that we're not going to find the same caliber food here as in Philadelphia, I was still quite underwhelmed by Lao Laan Xang. We tried for take out one Saturday afternoon a couple weeks ago and not only was our food not all that great but the customer services was terrible. My partner placed the order while I waited outside with our dog. We were told the food would be ready in 15 minutes so we took a long walk with the dog down Atwood Ave, stopped by Bad Dog Frida, etc. 20 minutes later we come back and the food is no where near ready. Not only that but my partner tried for over five minutes to get the attention of any of the servers/hostesses to check on our food order. He said they acted like he was bothering them and wasting their time.Another 10 minutes went by and our food still wasn't ready. Finally a good 45 minutes after we ordered we got our take out. Now mind you the restaurant was somewhat busy at the time but please don't tell us 15 minutes and then take 45 minutes. Give us an honest estimate and we'll come back at the appropriate time and not keep checking to see if our food is ready every 10 minutes.Once we got the food home we were less than impressed. Partner's rice-based chicken dish was almost too bland and also too peppery (black pepper not vegetables) at the same time. Also the vegetable mix was most certainly frozen (I have the same mixed veggie blend in my freezer).My order of what I think was called Honey Chicken was better but less than stellar. The sauce was overly sweet in a cloying way. I ended up draining half of the sauce from my dish before eating the rest. The veggies and chicken however weren't all that bad.Overall, we won't be going back. And seeing as how we also didn't love Sala Thai, unless Ha Long Bay comes through for us, I might be giving up on Laotian/Thai food while we live in Madison...
4	Three stars for the food, an extra star for the service.First, the service: We brought a family group of 13 at 8:45, just 15 minutes before closing. Yes, we're terrible. Still, they set up a nice table for us and were friendlier than they had to be. We had an 18% gratuity factored into the check, FYI.Second, the food. It was good, but I think they played it safe. A couple good curries, especially the one featuring mango/pineapple, but the tofu stir-fry (with peppers) was pretty underwhelming, in my opinion. Safe vegetables, muted seasoning, safe, safe, safe.
5	Five stars because it's in a fun neighborhood, the food is outstanding, and they are very vegan-friendly. My absolute favorite dish is the tofu in peanut sauce (either #33 or #34... the other of the two is my second favorite). The spring rolls are a marvelous start to a tasty meal, and can be made vegan upon request. Spiciness is really an individual thing... I usually ask for 1 1/2 to 2 stars because I like a little heat but not overpowering. I find that 3 stars can make you sweat, but then again some people don't think that's enough!
4	Nice place with good food.  I had lunch with my daughter - she the squash curry, myself the catfish curry.  Don't pass on the squash curry - very good.  The catfish curry tasted slightly metallic - no sure if that was from the coconut milk or what, but it was just a little off.  Still good - but ....Also, they definitely under seasoned when it comes to heat - I ordered the hot (but not native hot) and it was mild.  Barely would of qualified as medium.  It was good, but I wanted more heat.Good service, nice decor, good location.  They have a good selection of drinks, I definitely would try this out for dinner or a group of friends after work.  Good for lunch also - lunch is $8 ish, comes with salad, spring or egg roll - good value and you can get in and out quickly.  Nice enough to take a business colleague, or go on a date.Also has free wi-fi.For just food, 3 stars.  Add great prices, good service, free wi-fi, nice atmosphere - 4 stars.
4	The Kang Gai soup is wonderful!
4	We had lunch here last weekend and it was very tasty.  I had the honey chicken and my dining partner had the mango curry with tofu.  We also split a giant appetizer platter with shrimp, egg roll, spring roll, crab rangoons, and shrimp toast.  That could have been a meal in itself, so we took huge portions of our entrees home.  We both ordered our food 2 stars, which on the menu says careful.  I did not detect much heat in mine, so I would definitely bump it up to 3 on the next visit.  The flavor was delicious though!  We were both very satisfied with our lunch.  Note:  There is no lunch menu on the weekend, so you do pay dinner prices, but we had wanted to try this place, so that was fine.  The waitress working that day was so friendly and accommodating, not to mention she was the only waitress working!  This place is solid, hope to go back soon.
3	It's amazing what a few blocks can do, in this case... not much if you're heading further East. I love me some Lao Laan... never really had Lao prior to moving to Madison. But I just don't get the same attentive service, sweet menu recommendations and authentic experience I so often found on Willy. What gives? The menu is more compact but the dining room is bigger, so it's perfect if you need room to groove, but other than the size, I think Willy is probably you're best bet if you're looking for curry east of the capitol.
5	One of my favorite Madison restaurants! Whether you are looking for curry, a noodle dish, or a rice dish, this place nails it! The food is very similar to what I found in Northern Thailand and everything I've had is super fresh and flavorful.
5	Amazing food, great portions, and friendly staff.  Great neighborhood spot!
2	I moved to Madison yesterday and have always wanted to try Lao Laan Xang since I contemplated moving here.  Unfortunately, it wasn't as good as I'd hoped.  I ordered a grilled catfish in banana leaf, sticky rice and steamed veggies-my food arrived cold and when I flagged down a waitress, she wasn't very apologetic.  When the waiter returned with it, the rest of my table was almost done eating. The waiter quickly said "sorry about that" and rushed off.  The sauce that came with my steamed veggies was strange and not warm either.  All in all, it was a very odd meal combination.My husband was very satisfied with his imitation duck curry (which was very good!).  The two others at our table were disappointed-they said their meals were like a bland Chinese stir fry.  I was expecting a lot of fresh and exciting flavors....it was meh instead.  I have to say I don't think I would come back, but I might try the other location.
4	This is a good lunch place on Atwood by the Olbrich Gardens and not too far from campus.  I have eaten here often and really enjoy the curry dishes.  The squash curry is excellent, but I also really like the peanut curries.  The portions are generous, and the price is amenable.  While the food is good, it doesn't blow me away, the curry flavor could be more pronounced, the vegetables can get a little overcooked, and the dish ingredients can get a bit muddled.  Overall, the one on Willy street is better tasting and more consistent, but for a convenient, tasty sit-down lunch, little is left to be desired here.
2	Weeeeeeeell that might be it for me at LLXAtwood. Just one too many things soured my dining experience today......not certain I can go back. I walked in (admittedly towards the end of the lunch rush) and was astonished that nearly every table was covered with dirty dishes. Now I've worked in restaurants, I understand when you're hit hard it can be challenging to keep up with tables that need to be bused. I've also eaten in a lot of restaurants, which makes me qualified to say things like tables covered with dirty dishes don't scream "welcome, sit yourself down, you're in for a treat!" The waitress gave me a warm welcome, encouraged me to sit anywhere I wanted, but given my choices (a clean table or a dirty one) there were two... two tables in the entire restaurant to choose from. Things got worse from there. My egg roll was undercooked, cold on the inside and doughy. Why doughy? No clue. But doughy. The wontons in the wonton soup were melt in your mouth, and not in a good way. Melt in your mouth because the dumplings were overcooked. No bite. No chew. And while their version of Pad Thai was tasty, at 3 stars, which ought to be moderate was so spicy I had to ask for several additional napkins. Waitress must have thought I said several more spices, because she brought two over. Ironic. Unfortunate.Also unfortunate is the fact that this place is so drastically different than LLXWilly. It's bigger and the hours are better, but neither are enough to make me want to give them another go after today.
5	Love the Pho and curried squash.  Multiple spice levels available.  Native Lao level is really strong, just like I like it!  My wife can't handle any spiciness and when she says level zero, they honor it and she likes eating here.  Nice place in a fun neighborhood.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Madison. The first thing I ever got here was the mango curry and honestly, I haven't been able to bring myself to try much else. This dish is amazing every time. The crab rangoons are among the best in town as well.Service is spotty, sometimes amazing, sometimes just okay. Delivery is great but I always forget to ask for extra rice... too much curry for the amount of rice that they include.
4	After sitting in the car for nearly 10 hours, I didn't really feel much like cooking at home. I took a stroll over to the Harmony, only to discover it was closed until next week... Thanks to Ashley H's super sleuthing skills, I learned the Harmony is undergoing an ownership change, hence the temporary closing. That girl is like a Bloodhound when it comes to getting the scoop on Madison haps.Anywho... I walked down to Lao Laan Xang, which was open, and not terribly busy. I snagged a seat at the bar and browsed the menu. I was tempted by the curries, but ultimately chose the #13 - Khua Mee, with tofu, at the "adventurous" level (#3 spice). I also ordered a Bells Oberon, which I enjoyed while conversing with a friendly guy who was placing a to-go order.The dish arrived, and it was massive. Don't get me wrong - I'll happily eat myself sick, but this was a hearty portion of food. The Khua Mee is basically the Laotian version of Pad Thai. It was also about 2x larger than any order of Pad Thai I've ever encountered.It was served piping hot; the noodles were a bit on the soggy side, but everything else was absolutely perfect. The dish wasn't swimming in sauce, the veggies were crisp, the tofu was firm with just a little bit of spongey give, and the spice level was excellent - a nice heat on the finish, with just a little bit of burn on the lips. I did my best to gorge myself on the entire dish, but I waived the white flag about half-way through. A to-go box was provided; I paid my tab, and waddled out.Service was decent; a little slow, but I wasn't in any hurry, so it didn't much matter. The food was quite tasty, and the beer selection was decent and reasonably priced. I know this place can be hit-or-miss... I'm guessing it was a hit (albeit not a home run, but a solid double/maybe a triple) tonight.
4	YUM YUM YUM and great prices. I would definitely recommend the mango pineapple curry.
5	Great food! Service is just a bit slow, but well worth it, the food rocks! The Mango Curry is great as well as the Spring Rolls. *Adventurous is the recommended spicy for those who like it hot but not overpowered.
3	Ok, ok. I've been there twice this month, both solid experiences, and so it only makes sense to bump these folks up a star. I guess a lot of it depends on the server and mine the past two times was awesome. Solid recommendations for new dishes, prompt service... The unfortunate experiences I had previously were mostly during lunch, so maybe evening is the time to go.
2	I've had a really mixed experience with Lao Laan Xang. First, they took over my favorite place of all time: Savory Times (holla!) But then I was seduced by the crab rangoon and shrimp toasties. It was incredible. They were puffy.My optimism was dashed when they refused to put me on the list, only to seat another couple who had just come in.We went into a deep spiral when I waited more than twenty minutes for the waiter to take my order. And still deeper when the waiter used my table to hold dishes he was giving to someone else. ???? That's bad....Every time, I go back for the great curries and those rangoons, but most of the time I regret it.I'm not really a fan of turbulent relationships, so I'll have to put this place off to the side. Sorry Lao Lan Xang, your service really has to kick it up.
3	I am honestly baffled as to what makes this place Laotian.  The menu seems pretty solidly Americanized Thai, and the flavors follow suit.  Maybe the cook or the owner is Lao?  Or maybe they just Americanize the menu for the lunch specials, and lunch is when I went.Their spice guide is listed from 1-4: timid-Native Lao.  I ordered 3 for my catfish/Thai eggplant curry.  It was nothing.  A hint of heat, perhaps.  Order your food at a 4 if you're used to timidly and apprehensively ordering medium in authentic Thai restaurants.Look, the food was not bad by any means.  The fish was tender and boneless, the Thai eggplants were cooked to a soft, skin-peeling pulp, and the potatoes still had a bite to them.  The bamboo shoots were, surprisingly, the most flavorful part of the curry, retaining that sour tang that most lose when they're put in a can.It's just that it was all pretty unmemorable, mostly due to the curry - a nondescript coconutty slurry.  And the cucumber salad that came with it literally tasted like plain cucumbers.  I was satisfied when I walked out: my stomach was full of healthy, nutritious food.  I just wished it had been shaken up a little, too.
2	I have to say I am pretty disappointed with the service I got from Lao Laan Xang this evening. I ordered delivery, as I don't own a car and I don't much feel like leaving my house on this cold night. The main reason I am giving this 2 stars is because of the horrible experience I had with the delivery driver. It was bad enough I don't know that I care to order from them again, or necessarily even go to dine in. I had said over the phone I wanted to pay cash, as I usually try to do with delivery. I realized when the driver got here I was short money for the tip, so I informed of this and asked if I could call the restaurant and pay with my card so I could then tip him in cash. He was extremely rude to me, and told me that was not possible  and I HAVE to sign a slip (which is not true, I am authorizing the payment I don't care about a credit slip and the slip doesn't have to be signed in a worst case scenario situation. I told him I didn't need a slip. I have worked in restaurants for years and have had slips not signed and it is still ok to put the charge through). He then told me in a very sarcastic rude tone of voice maybe I should just make sure I have enough cash when I order and there wasn't anything else I could do about it. Again,  there was things that could have been done that he pretty much refused to do and treated a customer like trash. I apologized multiple times, and I offered to run across the street to get more cash out of the atm. Regardless, he was horrible to me and left a very bad taste in my mouth. I realize it was my fault, but it was a mistake and he had no right to treat me the way he did. I called the store right away and complained, and whoever answered was very apologetic and told me that I could have called with my card number after all (as I knew I could) and she told me she would talk to him. I hope he is talked to, because I will no longer be a customer of lao laan xang. I have been a server for a long time and would never treat someone that way. Now, feeling bad I started to eat my dinner. I got chicken satay and mango curry. The chicken satay was pretty much ice cold (which I somewhat expect with delivery, but not that cold) and was not cooked all the way through and made me sick after I took a bite. The mango curry was ok, but I have had it better other places and other times I have ordered from lao laan xang. All in all, I will just choose somewhere else next time.
4	I've driven past this restaurant a million times and tonight I finally stepped foot into it. I'm really glad that I did.Greeted and sat right away seeing as we came after the dinner rush, we started our night with their crab rangoons, our favorite appetizer, which were very generous in size compared to most I've had before, stuffed with filling. My partner then ordered the Honey Cashew Chicken, and I the Pineapple Curry with chicken. Both were very satisfying to the taste buds, and portioned appropriately. The Pineapple Curry was sweet and savory; lots of flavor, nice and warm. Somewhat addicting, I boxed up what I thought would be lunch tomorrow, but finished it as soon as I arrived home. It was that good. My partner enjoyed his plate as well, and so did I from the bites I snagged from him.
5	Probably one the better Asian restaurants I have been to . The waitress was very accommodating and got all of our customized orders correct, the food was absolutely delicious light and fresh. waitress got my dish exactly as I wanted it with no complaints. No regrets or stomach indigestion after ,  fair prices too. 100% satisfied.
4	Hello hello Yelp, it's been a while! and I miss you!Okay, this morning is for Lao Laan Xang on Atwood. That was actually my second time coming to this restaurant. Having a good experience, we decided to come back. This time was only for the dessert. Hesitantly, we asked our server if it was okay to order only appetizer and dessert, because we were not in the mood to have some main dishes. She didn't mind at all and treated us very well. She was fabulous! So, we decided to have a quite handful of appetizers and desserts: Fresh spring roll with shrimp, grilled chicken satay (Their chicken satay is served without any toast, which I really appreciate! It's just weird to have some satay with some toast together),and mango sticky rice. All are excellent! The food is great! the server is fabulous!Come here if you need a quick fix of some Lao food. This place is less crowded compared to other Thai restaurants, but don't get it wrong: they serve good food too!
5	I always get the squash curry because I love squash and it's not easy to find at restaurants. This has consistently been my favorite Asian restaurant in Madison all the years we have lived here.We hosted a Thai exchange student a few years ago and took her to all the Thai, Laotian and any other southeast Asian restaurants that were in Madison during the 10 months she was here. This was by far her favorite restaurant as well. She really missed the traditional spicy salad she would eat in Thailand and really liked their version of this dish.Their crab rangoon is THE BEST you will eat anywhere. Hands down. Yes, I know that rangs did not originate in Asia (I've heard they were originally introduced at the St. Louis World's Fair), but I love Lao's version of them.
4	My girlfriend and I tried this place based upon the reviews of a coworker.  It was quite good. If you are in the mood for Asian cuisine, I would definitely recommend it.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. I want to tell a cautionary tale for those of you that might want to venture outside of their great curries and soup.Crab rangoon (delicious and huge), vegetable spring roll (well balanced flavor, served with peanut sauce), and tofu kang gai soup (my favorite tom kha-esque soup in the city), mock duck red curry, and thai iced tea were all on point, per usual.I decided to venture out from my usual pineapple (or sometimes squash) curry and order Khua Sa Eiu (my server said it is basically pad see ew with more vegetables). I love the thick rice noodles that are traditionally served with pad see ew, as well as the thick dark soy sauce, egg, and dense flavors imparted to the dish from the wok. The dish I received failed to fulfill my hopes. It was overly salty (and not in a delicious way), the noodles were thin and limp, and it tasted more like scrambled eggs with soy sauce than pad see ew. However, the vegetables on the dish were crisp and fresh. I ended up taking the dish home and saving it with some hoisin for the lunch the next day. Lesson learned. If you want pad see ew, Ha Long Bay is where it's at in Madison, for great curries, soup, thai tea, and interesting spring rolls--go to Lao.Service here is always great and very prompt. Patio in the summertime, and we always choose this location over Willy street because it is more spacious (and you can sit outside)!
5	So AMAZING!  We loved the squash curry and kanap pa...grilled catfish stuffed with dill, ginger and lemon grass. Simply wonderful!
4	Omg... The mango curry is a MUST try!!  I have eaten amazing curry around the world and theirs is by far the best I've ever had!  John was an absolutely amazing waiter and we will be sure to request him in the future.   Btw...  The only reason for the deduction in stars is that there was a minor lack of attentiveness when we first entered,  but honestly very worth it.  We WILL be back.  :)
5	Great customer service!! Flaming mango curry is off the hook Homie got special tenderloin!! Flaming good!
5	So good. I am a vegetarian and there are so many things offered here without meat. Often times, restaurants throw something on the menu that is veggie and it tastes blah. The flavors in these foods are complex and delicious. My father eats meat and loved it too. The star was the tofu egg rolls. We both loved them!
3	I have been to both locations numerous times, and although this location is bigger and has more staff, I have found that the smaller location is run with more care and better customer service.  The employees seem discombobulated and unprofessional at times, and the management isn't one for putting the customer first.  On most evenings you will more than likely get your meal within a reasonable amount of time, but if you don't, your meal won't be discounted in any way.  When all goes well, the food is delicious and plentiful though!  Try the number 4 as an appetizer if you like satay, and I am always up for a lil' number 34B with chicken!!!
5	I've read and heard several times that routine and monotony are precursors to a slow death in a relationship. "Keep things fresh!" "Don't settle for routine!" "Be spontaneous!" Notions such as these might be applicable in all other scenarios, but my relationship with Lao Laan-Xang has only been strengthened since my wife and I discovered this neighborhood gem over a year ago and have been slaves to routine ever since.Sunday nights roll around; we try and pretend we can rise above comfort, to step outside what we know and order something new. We can't. "Crab rangoon... two #13s, chicken, 3-star spiciness..." rolls hazily through my mind. I open up my "Favorites" on my iPhone, and there it is -- Lao Laan-Xang. A speedy thirty minutes later, my dog is barking and my mouth is watering. It's here.Honestly, though -- we moved into our First House a little over a year ago and hosted some friends to sit on the floor, drink beer, and watch the Badgers. A friend suggested ordering delivery from a nearby Laotian place, and we've been hooked ever since. This is kind of a terrible review, in a sense, because I've literally only ever ordered one dish from this restaurant (the Khua Mee, #13). I won't dare admit to you how many times that one dish has been consumed 'round these parts.Takeaways: 1. Routine isn't always a bad thing.1a. Especially when that routine involves delicious Laotian food, shared with one's spouse.
