4	a quick stop for an afternoon beer found us at this bright and airy old timeypub, huge whiskey selection, and an old time feel. great atmospere. great decor and music.
4	Charmingly overlit. I don't think our server spoke English but it added to the experience. Definitely recommend.
4	Excellent culinary experience! I tried their pan-seared salmon with a side dish of grilled vegetables. After the meal, I orgasmed so hard that I rolled my eyes back to the point of seizing. The service was pretty good considering it was rush hour lunch time. The waiter was friendly. I mean even I can't hold a grudge against a guy goes so far as to apologize for being a bit late with our order. The decor was pretty kick-ass. It really made me picture how classy British gentlemen would have taken their meals back in the day. If I remember correctly, they also have a vast selection of spirits, including some home-brewed ones. My only complaint was that the price-portion ratio was a bit upsetting. Since I am a poor student with a voracious appetite, it sucks when good food costs quite a bit. I could have easily ordered another meal if doing so would not have made me appear like a glutton before my friend. Alas, the price we pay for quality! All in all, it was a solid place to go for lunch.
4	OMG! Super Tavern! As of last year, it was the only remaining real tavern in downtown Mtl where you could still get "une grosse biere"! They did convert the Tavern to a more modern one but by keeping its old fashioned style. They replaced the small little tiny wood bar by a super long copper top bar. The best place according to me to sit is in the corner across the entrance.LOVE the fact that all the kitchen chef and staff is wearing vintage hat!The cod was fantastic as well as the special Pork. Service was good and fast since they are very popular spot for the pre-hockey game.You have to try it!
5	Excellent food, great service, an attractive staff and beautifully redone digs makes me give this place a full Five Stars without any hesitation.Good eats in the downtown core of Montreal is practically nonexistent, you either have the choice of astronomically high prices in hotel restaurants or the local food court and not many choices in between.For years I walked by this place and it was a run-down pub which served pig knuckes from what I saw advertised on one of their signs, never walked in, never wanted to, it just looked too much of a dive and a dead one at that.Then I started reading about how they had redone the place and was serving gastro-pub fare, a trend which has come over the Big Pond from Old Blighty, in no small part thanks to chefs like Gordon Ramsey and Jamie Oliver, and has set the East Coast on fire.I finally checked the place out for dinner last night with a good friend and both of us were very impressed with the experience. We both had the steak, a cocktail and dessert, all of it excellent. We were seated at the bar in front of what must be the most amazing copper cappucino machine I've ever seen in my life and looks like it just plucked out out of some Art Deco film like Fritz Lang's "Metropolis".While prices are a little on the high side, this is still a great place to come for eats either after a movie or before a game. Really love the old school Anglo-Canadian decor and touches like the wooden coat-of-arm shields representing each province and territory and the wooden molding.Come here for a drink, you'll like it.
5	Dominion Square Tavern is by far the best option in the downtown core for a good meal accompanied by excellent and attentive service. I personally love how simple there menu is. There are few choices but they are all equally as good, which makes the process of selection easy. This is great when taking newbies to Dominion, since you can actually recommend what's on the menu having probably tried it yourself. Hint hint, good for business lunches though you should make reservations!Dominion has now become a favorite place for my boyfriend and I.The ambiance is great and feels like you have been transported back to the 1920's.Every detail is perfect from the glassware to the coasters. We love to go after the noon/afternoon rush for a great cocktail. Personal favorite, the canuck!
4	Second stop on a Thursday night and one of the few good options near Rue St. Catherine.  The atmosphere was that 20s gastropub feel with all the servers in white.  We stopped here without any issue getting a table.  Enjoyed the gazpacho though it was a creamy version.  I then went with the cod that was a good choice as well.  Nothing crazy memorable although I has a nice buzz on to be honest.  It was still a good stop and if you need a place in that area you probably can't go wrong here
5	If in Montreal, this place is a must.  They have great decor and a fun atmosphere.  The drinks they serve are delicious and interesting like the home made tonic they make.  Also their Tom Collins is superb even though I don't usually drink them - I saw it was suggested by another yelper and tried it.My wife and I went on a Friday for lunch (our first meal in Montreal actually) and the special for Friday is Fish and Chips with soup or salad.  I chose the soup because it sounded good and forgive me but I forget what it was called.  What I don't forget is how it tasted.  I couldn't help but recognize the french influences to this English style pub food.  The creamy based soup was silky and nothing less than outstanding (man I wish I remembered what they called it).  It had the essence of duck throughout and some bits of duck bacon as part of the garnish.  The carrots and turnips in the soup were all cut into perfect microscopic cubes which must have been thrown in as a late addition as they still held consistency well.  The fish and chips were coated and fried perfectly and the side of homemade tartar sauce was tart, briney and creamy.My wife had the braised beef on top of cheddar mashed potatoes, dark and rich gravy and topped with a pickled carrots with hoarseradish.  The meat was falling apart as soon as you touched it and I admit to dipping my fries (sorry, "chips") in the gravy more than once.Please give this place a try if you love eating food that is made with an appreciation of how to do it right.  You can see through the window to the kitchen that preparation is being done the right way....And FYI, our waitstaff was excellent and attentive.
3	This place was just ok.  Not bad but not particularly good.  I was directed there by a Montreal guide book and the place was hopping.  I  managed to get a seat at the bar where I ordered a beer and my sister ordered a gin and tonic. Good points:  The entire wait staff is painfully attractive.  The bartender waiting on us looked like Don Draper.  No joke.  They all speak English and are very nice.  My sister loved her gin and tonic, apparently the tonic is made in-house.  She thought it was fabulous.  But none of this made up for the underwhelming food.  It was a little expensive for what I got.  If you are looking for an ok, slightly expensive for what you are getting meal where you can oggle waiters this is the place for you.  But in Montreal there are far better options.
5	The Dominion Square Tavern knows how to take care of people. Last Friday my sister, mother and I were looking for a place to have dinner, which was proving to be difficult since Prince was playing at the Bell center and every restaurant was filled to capacity. Most places looked at us like we were crazy and said they had no room. The hostess at the Dominion Square Tavern told us the same thing but the manager stopped us before we hit the door and said he thought he might have a spot for us, 5 minutes later we were sitting at a table sipping cocktails. The place was packed and our waitress was running left and right trying to get people out in time for the show, when she came by to take our drink order she asked us if we were going to the show, to which we said no, she then asked us if we were in a hurry, which we weren't that seem to take a little pressure off her, giving us some of the best service I've had in a long time. We were looked after by our waitress but also by another waiter who had noticed our section was very busy, so he jumped in to help without any prompting. What made our experience so nice was the fact that everyone at the Tavern was there to make sure we had a great evening which we did.The decor is very nice, as soon as you walk in the door you feel like you're in an old french tavern. The lighting is (in my mind) just right not to bright but not so dark that you can't see the person sitting across from you. They play an interesting mix of music which I found to be great, they got the volume just right, I could hear my sister and mother without having to strain my hearing. everything seem to be just so, right down to the bar tender with a mustache and the slicked hair.And now the food, we started with cocktail the Tavern has a nice selection of cocktail like the Gin Julep, Tom Collins and the royal Gin fizz, all of them taste great and contain a generous serving of alcohol. We then had our main course I had the fish and chips, it was very good there are better places but this was good. The fish was light and flaky it didn't taste heavy and greasy like fried fish sometimes can, the fries were also good but like I said this isn't their specialty. Everything we ordered was well prepared from high quality ingredients and served with a nice presentation.The Dominion Square Tavern offers a great all around experience but their customer service from the time you walk in to the time you pay your bill is incredible, this is why I would recommend it to any one who asked me, try it you'll like it. Just remember to make a reservation.
4	I had no idea this little gem existed until I was dragged there after Christmas shopping with a few friends. The decor is really original (for Montreal). If you've been to Paris, it's a dead-ringer for one of those bistros in the Marais or Monmartre. It's designed like a shotgun (long rectangle) and has a baroque edge to it. The lighting is low, and mainly from iron candelabras on the walls and ceilings. Details on the walls are everywhere, lending a sort-of medieval vibe to it as well. The waitstaff is very friendly and pleasant, and the drinks/food were perfectly fine. It's clearly not gunning for culinary stardom, but it's definitely a cut above regular pub-fare. I think this place is amazing, and totally out of place with the routine, tourist-trap schlock that's currently littering downtown. A must-see!
5	I am blown away... Our hotel concierge recommended this place stating "it's from the 30's and still has a lot of the 30's charm. In fact some stuff you will find there still exists from the 30's" And he was right. The ambiance was so inviting. The food was amazing! We had the braised beef which seriously melted in my mouth. It had a bunch of sauce you can chose to dip into or not. We also had the chicken salad which was good. We had something for dessert (first one on the menu) it was sooo yummy! The service was good. I just can't say enough good things about this place. Will definitely be back to this place when we come to Montreal.
4	i have to say i've only heard good things about this place and finally got the opportunity to try it out!this place is so charming and old school chic i would for sure put it on my things to do in montreal in 48hours list!the menu was a little small but everything sounded delicious. the service was great...lots of eye candy serving and being served!i dont know what the summer menu looks like but what was on for January winters in Mtl was perfect!
4	Love the decor and ambiance.  Inside, it is decorated with an old 20s motif and feels charming, yet edgy.  The drinks were awesome.  We had a couple bourbon drinks and a vodka soda.  The soda didn't taste like it was from the bartender machine, but from a bottle.  It was so delicious.  The food was good too.  We had the scotch egg, the meat dinner, and the corn fritters.  The scotch egg was perfectly cooked, gooey and runny.  The meat dinner came w/ a deviled egg, taurine, cured meat, and some veggies.  All in all, this is a great spot and reminded me a lot of my home, DT LA.
5	Fun atmosphere. Good food. Great drinks. Make sure to check out the menu before since it wasn't huge. Definitely recommended.
4	What a great hidden treasure in Montreal!This place oozes ambiance with everything 100% genuine.The bar is a great spot if you are dining alone and want to chitchat with the staff. This place has a unique old world charm vibe and has hired staff to make it authentic.The meat dishes seem to be the specialty with a 'Sunday Roast" featured once a week. The food is served hot and fresh, original recipes and presentation. The moules and frites looked really good.Nice atmosphere, great staff and good food. This place is on my top 5 places to dine in Montreal!
4	This place is classy and beautiful now, but I secretly loved it when it was just a dusty old man bar with tall boys and a murky jar of pigs knuckles on the counter. Friends threw an annual Christmas / NYE party here for a couple years that was the most relaxed un-sceney place to hug in the season. Still, the belle epoque is a lovely and most welcome addition to the otherwise mall-and-Peel-Pub dominated stretches of the downtown core.
4	I love going to Dominion! The food is always fresh and delicious and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. I love even going just for a drink after work (my favourites include the Pimm cup and the gin tonic with their homemade tonic). With regards to food I love the pulled pork sandwich. Oh and their desserts are to die for.
5	The food was fantastic.  We went there after a local musical event and needed a late Saturday night seating.  Everything we had was superb.   The home made potato chips  were superb.   The servers were helpful and friendly.We split a baked Cod main course that was placed on top of carrot puree.   The Cod was garnished with several potato chips.  The chips were so good that my wife decided to ask the staff for some more.We added an order of roast vegetables that contained asparagus, Brussels sprouts and several other vegetables.   The vegetables were good enough to have by themselves.Because it was a characteristic item at the tavern, we added deviled eggs as a side order.  For dessert we had a sticky toffee pudding with coffee ice cream.  Wow.I should tell you that we ate dinner at 10:30 Saturday evening.  The place was buzzing with energy and laughter with people having a great time.  Plan on speaking loudly if you plan on having a conversation.  The noise level actually added to a pleasant ambiance.As one mentioned -- you feel like you were transported back in time.  The restrooms sinks were made out of old metal washtubs.We would go back and I highly recommend the place.
5	Had a few drinks here with my cousin and girlfriend during the JFL festival before going to Brasserie T and seeing Aziz Ansari. Love whiskey so this was a perfect place for me. The mixed drinks were made perfectly by our awesome bartender. Mussels at fries were terrific. Will definitely be coming back next time here.
3	FOOD: 4 out of 5AMBIANCE/DECOR: 4.5 out of 5.SERVICE: 2 out of 5.VALUE: 3.5 out of 5.Now here's why. I made reservations at Dominion for a party of 8 to celebrate my cousin's birthday. When we arrived everything was smooth. We had our table we were given menus, our server was informative about drinks and what they could and could not make. She even gave us a little tutorial on how to drink Absinthe for the person who ordered it. Now here are the deductions:SERVICE/FOOD: At arrival there were 4-6 parties seated, us being the largest group. By the time our food order was taken, the wait between the order placement and actually getting our food was RIDICULOUS!! Parties that arrived AFTER us got their food before we did! We nearly waited 45 minutes appetizers and our main courses. And to get our bill after we were all done? FORGET IT. We had asked one server for our check and he completely forgot to tell our main server that we needed the damn check. It took 15mins for her to get to us after we told the first server. And since it was my cousin's birthday that night, I had ordered her a dessert since didn't bother to order herself, but I really wanted to her to get a candle and everyone sing to her. I told the server to put her dessert on my tab. What did she do? SHE PUT HER WHOLE ENTIRE ORDER ON MY TAB. I clearly said just her dessert. Don't get me wrong, all the food here was great, but even Michelin star places pump out faster plates than this joint.Call me an inpatient American, go ahead, but a party for 8 people that was sat down at promptly 6:30 did not that that joint until 9:15!! SERIOUSLY?!?!?!?!?!? I was a server once too and I know that you tend not to be so on top of bigger groups especially if they're celebrating and drinking, but seriously. Everything was such a drag in this place! Maybe I would come again just for drinks and to sit at the bar. Their Gin & Tonic was delicious. If there's anything they do right here, it's the drink and THAT IS ALL.
5	I simply love this place. It's honestly as good as it gets in terms of old world charm in Montreal. I'm sure there are similar places like Tavern Sq., but in planning for my trip to Montreal for a long weekend, this place showed up in numerous searches. I'm so glad it did. A friend and I went on a Saturday night and it wasn't too packed. Lots of groups and a great mix of 20, 30, 40, 50+ somethings. Upon arrival we were greeted with a friendly smile and seated. Over the course of the night (2.5 hours), the staff were attentive, kept and eye on our table to refill wine and water when needed, and the vibe was just relaxed and laid back. If you're used to places that clearly have a "getcha in, getcha out" feel...you can definitely appreciate Taverne for more than just the food.Now the food....amazing. period. It's pricey for a reason and an entree will probably run you anywhere from $20 - 50 (CDN) but I couldn't ask for anything more than I received when my plate showed up. I ordered the braised beef, which comes with mashed potatoes, and it was perfection. We also had the nutmeg doughnuts that were like pillows. I wasn't sure how a sugared, fried cake doughnut would taste with sour cream, but now I crave it. It was that good. Get rid of any idea you have about a 'donut' and visit with a open mind and hungry stomach because you'll want more. At the end of the night, out bill was about $120 for two plates, dessert and a bottle of rose, but it was well worth it. Go in knowing you're getting a proper culinary treat. I would go back in a heartbeat.
5	Everything we had was unique and well done. A memorable night.
4	Fabulous pigs knuckles. Go and enjoy!  Enough said.
4	Great scotch selection and the food is awesome if a bit expensive
2	It's never a good sign when 27 seconds into walking somewhere, you feel as if you've made a horrible mistake... That you're about to witness an example of what  Ignatius J. Reilly would describe as  the contemporary world's lack of "theology and geometry."I went to the Dominion Square Tavern about a week ago to meet Joanne. I thought it was a bar. But it's not. It's a sort of restaurant. But with a bar. But fancy. There's also a sign at the front that says you have to wait to be seated. So I waited. I wanted to sit at a table, but apparently you can only sit at a table if you're eating. So I had to sit at the bar and felt self-conscious the whole time that people could see my buttcrack...And that's the trouble with this whole thing, really. Because this is the kind of place where I go and I think that the problem, really, is me. Because as I sat there with Joanne, getting progressively drunker on blah-ish expensive drinks, eating so-so fries, developing that sinking imposter-syndrome feeling, the place kept filling up with people for whom this was all Just Fine - a good time on the town: sitting there without really experiencing any sort of discomfort at the faux-nostalgia of the whole thing, feeling ok with listening to hours upon hours of contrived acoustic string-band music.
4	Here is the deal It's a bar with great ambience,decent bar food though overpriced.  Staff were attentive. Would go back for sure
4	Excellent food and service. Went on a Sunday night and the place was packed. Ordered the deviled egg (better than mom's!), pate en croute, and strip steak... all were flavored perfectly. Even the side vegetables (brussel sprouts included!) were delicious.I could take or leave the "old timey" ambiance and character of the place, and since there are lots of dining options in Montreal I'm not sure we'll be back, but we had a great meal here.
4	Food and atmosphere were wonderful. I am not sure why, but I tried the Scotch Egg (soft boiled egg surrounded by sausage, covered in bread crumbs and deep fried). It came with Swedish sauce but I could not tell you what was in it. Typically, I stay away from anything fried, but I thought it was pretty tasty. I followed this with the cod with pureed carrot and kale which was excellent. Two days prior to my dinner I stopped in for a light lunch and had a bowl of soup. It was a tomato soup with kale and some kind of sausage with two perfect home made croutons. Delish.
5	Order the Tom Collins, yummy! Great bar/restaurant.  Cool vibe, great looking crowd.  Will return next time I go to Montreal.
4	EDIT on 6/26/14This is now one of my favorite spots in Montreal to get a drink! Love sitting at the bar, love the atmosphere, have had very good service since my first awful time there and... the drinks are now strong! YAY! Try the mint julep, my personal fave. Definitely only takes 1-2 of these bad boys before my troubles start to fade away....Old review:The servers are indifferent and unhelpful. The food is fine... But expensive. This restaurant is definitely lacking that special something that takes a restaurant from "just OK" to "WOW." However, my biggest gripe is with the cocktails. I will pay $11-15 for a drink that packs some punch (i.e.: contains ALCOHOL). However, that much for a drink that is so weak you finish it in 2.5 seconds is laughable. So, I started ordering doubles, which brought my total for 2 regular drinks and 2 doubles (total: 4 drinks, 2 of which actually tasted like they had any gin in them whatsoever) to $70, not including tax and tip. Total rip-off.
4	My husband and I at here at the recommendation of the concierge at our hotel.  It was perfect for us.  The atmosphere is busy, loud with chatter and clatter.  We didn't wait long at all for a server to take our drink order.  Can't say much about their bar skills as we both drank Jameson's rocks and found the price reasonable.  We shared the fried clams which were pretty average.  I had the roasted chicken breast on salad and my husband had the braised beef.  Yes, we paid a bit more than we'd like but both dishes were very good. Fork tender beef and moist chicken with crispy skin.  Service was just right.  In fact I dropped my knife and a server walking by never broke stride ans he scooped it up and returned seconds later with a replacement.  And I know it doesn't affect service, but all the staff were beautiful!
4	I had never had a scotch egg before and this place has them. Needless to say, I had to try one. It's basically a soft boiled egg wrapped in smoked beef(?) and deep fried, so this sucker is the size of a tennis ball, so it's a great appetizer to split.Then we had the mussels and frites --- Two yummy beers (Belgian Style, proper) and made ourselves get the sticky toffee pudding after watching someone next to us nom pretty hard on one. All very good, we were completely sated and happy. The wait staff was really attentive and oddly --- the bathrooms were awesome and clean. Weird thing to notice but, ever since this health inspector told me " I always look at the bathrooms in an establishment first, and 98% of the time it tells me everything I need to know about how clean the kitchen is too"  I always gotta check 'em out.
3	If I were rating just the food it would be 4 stars.  The waiter seemed to be in la-la land.  There were multiple times that we said something and he just completely went on as if we had said otherwise.  E.g.  we wanted vodka in a drink instead of gin and he said do you want beefeater, hendricks, etc.....They also would not substitute sides for any reason.  I do not like horseradish and they came on my carrots.  The waiter said he would try and lo and behold, they came out with horseradish on them.The boneless short ribs were amazing in flavor.  All-in-all a good place but not sure I would go back again with so many other choices in the area.
3	I stopped in late on a Sunday afternoon and only 2-3 other tables were taken besides ours. Despite the tavern's emptiness, the hostess wanted to seat us at the bar (we refused) and when other patrons came in, they were also directed to the bar (including an old couple). I noticed that there WERE some reserved tables, but not all of them, so I don't know why everyone was asked to sit at the bar.  We were also told we had to be out of there by 7:30. Considering we arrived around 4:30pm, I think the hostess jumped the gun a little. I mean, why not just tell me to go elsewhere while you're at it? The wait staff wasn't exactly warm and welcoming so I can't say that I wanted to spend an extended amount of time there anyway. My friend and I were in our Lululemon gear because we'd walked up the mountain, so I'm not sure if this impacted the level of service that we got, but anyway. We weren't impressed, especially considering how much they charge for food and drinks. The decor is gorgeous - I loved it! It's very classy and reminds me of old-school British pubs, with bottles lining the wall, a wood bar/furniture etc. Visually, this place is very appealing. It's also quite quite large, and has a small terrace.  In terms of food, I wasn't impressed at all. I ordered the beet salad with goat cheese and it was very ordinary. The beets were good, but they were served with lettuce and ranch dressing, and the beets weren't even warm. The goat cheese also wasn't crumbled. Typically, if I see a beet salad on the menu, I'm expecting warm beets and crumbled goat cheese, with some kind of light dressing.  I was aware of the rand dressing scenario but I guess the salad wasn't what I expected. Overall, the salad was bland and overpriced at $15. I also ordered some fries that were served in a small bowl. The fries were crispy and good, but way overpriced at $6. I can get an entire basket of home fries at any other pub in town for about the same price or less. My friend also felt that her beer was overpriced. I had a Pimm's Cup, which was delicious but I can't really comment on the price ($11) because I've never ordered this anywhere else in Montreal.I would say it's definitely a great place for drinks, but save your cash and dine elsewhere.
4	Amazing. Try the mussels and the nutmeg doughnuts.
4	We had made reservations at Tavern Square Dominion for dinner only one night  but we enjoyed ourselves so much that we ended up returning the next night as well! The restaurant is very large and good for groups or last minute dinner plans. It had an old timey English, cozy, vintage feel to it which we appreciated on a cold rainy night. The service was fine. The drink menu is what sold us on the place. I'm really not a huge lover of cocktails but they had some really interesting ones on the menu. I ordered a Pimms Cup which is a traditional English drink and I absolutely loved it. In fact, it was probably the best cocktail I have ever had. To start we ordered the bone marrow appetizer. It was gigantic and could have easily fed 4 people (they served 3 huge bones). It was tasty at first but is very rich and kind of got icky after eating so much. I got the mussels in a bacon/cider sauce with fries for dinner and it was great. Mussels were delicious in that sauce and they didn't skimp on the portion at all. My boyfriend got a fish dish which he also enjoyed. My favorite part of the meal was definitely the  nutmeg donuts in sour cream. They were so doughy and yummy and warm. We returned the next evening for drinks and sat at the bar. We snacked on their chocolate brownie which was good and sampled a few more cocktails. Chatting with the bar tender was the highlight of our night. He was funny, interesting, knowledgeable and made great drinks. I would highly recommend this restaurant for its unique atmosphere, comforting food and creative drinks.
4	I was very pleased. I was taken here for my birthday supper and it was very tasty. We ordered the Scotch egg (phenomenal), Bone Marrow (not my thing but VERY good) and the main plates Beef Strip loin and Bangers and Mash. Really good. The service was wonderful. The waitress was delightful. Very good.
4	Originally a hotel restaurant in 1927, with a short stint as a gay bar in the 70s, the Tavern was reinvented in 2009 as an English gastropub.  The beautiful interior maintained its "old-world" heritage throughout the decades.The menu screams "English" with classic dishes such as Scotch egg, bangers & mash and pudding.  The cocktail selection rounds up the Tavern's old-world feel with a focus on gin, rye, sours and homemade tonic.Dominion Square Tavern is one of downtown Montreal's greatest additions in the last five years or so.  The food and drinks are solid, the vintage decor is unique and the mood is trendy/smart, be it for dinner or drinks at the bar.
5	Awesome
4	Pulled pork.  Poutine.  Pulled turkey.  Waffles.  Ice cream.  Coors lite.  Bacardi with juice in a can.  See that?  That was my sole sustenance for 3 full days while in Montreal last week.  Don't mistake, that was some of the greatest poutine I have ever imagine out of a food truck, and I would eat gruel for the caliber of music festival that all that was catering, but, still.  'Twas no wonder my bff and I were in serious need of something for grownups.  Enter, Dominion Sq Tavern. After making a day-of reservation only hours earlier (and wildly easily, I might add!), ladyfriend and I arrived, were greated warmly, and showed to a cosy table by the wall.  We ordered cocktails that did NOT come out of a can NOR contained improper spelling in the name and, well, died a little bit.  The drinks were exceptional, an we definitely kept them coming throughout the evening.  The wine list was also quite good and fairly comprehensive.  We ordered fish croquette to start, with some glorious may on the side, mussles in a cider steam with bacon (!!!!) and the steak special, and a brownie and ice cream for dessert. The atmosphere and decor are amazing.  I may be biased, as I love pretty much anything art deco, but they'd done it well, a perfect balance of modern and classic, right down to the dressing of the bar and wait staff.  The Good - The food had some incredible highs (I'm sorry, did you miss that bacon with the mussels?!).  We left full and satiated but not stuffed.  - The vibe.  Amazing.  I would come to Mtl just to hang here. - The drinks.  Yummy as all get out. The Not-So-Good- There were highs to the food, but there were also some dishes that didn't quite hit the mark.  Those incredible mussels?  They didn't have anything even on the menu for me to sop up that broth.  So sad.  Also, and it pains me to say, I've had better brownies.  Richer, more moist.  I was a little underwhelmed.  - Though their house drinks were phenomenal, their "off menu" cocktails may be limited.  I asked for a Last Word, a rather classic and common one in my mind, but weren't able to fulfill all the ingredients.Overall, I give it a solid 4.5
5	The ambiance, the food, the drinks, the service...everything about this place was perfect! By far one of my favourite restaurants in Montreal and tourists should make a point to check it out! Oh and that bone marrow....gonna go wipe off that drool now
5	We randomly stopped at this place - we had planned to try one of the "known" restaurants for our 2nd meal in Montreal, but after getting to the hotel late from work and "needing" to do some shopping :) we just walked around and found this gem. It was on the way back to the hotel (Marriott) and it looked like a fun place for dinner.  The food was so good - "English" comfort food and it hit the spot! :)  The decor is definitely old school but cool and they have a small outdoor seating area.  The waitstaff was appropriately attentive and helpful.  I would definitely recommend and will come back the next time I am in Montreal!
4	Call it a hipster bar, or a old-school tavern, but the mustaches and uniforms make me say hipster bar, but the great thing about hipster bars is that they make awesome drinks.  The down part is that they never have a TV to watch while you drink.I had a Hendricks and Tonic, they really balanced the unique flavor of Hendricks Gin with their homemade tonic superbly.  Their pimms cup was different not like the ones I have had in the UK but it was still pretty good.  I came back two nights later to have couple of drinks and those two were really superb as well.Not 5 stars because there was no TVs.
4	A Montreal classic. My dad used to come here 50 years ago. When I told him I went there for dinner he said "why would you go to that dump?" Then one day we walked by and I brought him in. He changed his tune. "Everything's different, but yet nothing is different" Times have changed. I won't go into the details of everything I've eaten here. I've been a couple times and it's all good. Love the decor, the service, the drinks. It's just a tad expensive for what it is. So don't be surprised when you bill arrives. PS: The wines aren't affordable. The cheapest one is like 50$ and it's certainly not a good value for what it is. Go with the drinks instead.
4	The hotel recommended this place, and I was skeptical as I thought it may be very touristy, but it wasn't. Food was great, only issue was the slow service.
5	Tucked away in a beautiful old building is the Dominion Square Tavern. We popped in for a drink after having it recommended by a sales clerk. We were not disappointed. The place has not updated it's decor ever, which is wonderful. Tarnished old mirrors, wood plaques of provinces, and a long wood bar make this a real trip back to old Montreal. The drinks are superb. My companion had a gin and tonic with house tonic water, which was full of flavour, and not cloyingly sweet. I had a Pimm's cup, also fresh and not over sweetened. The bat is staffed by handsome men with beards, and out bartender was perfect - attentive but not hovering, and happy to chat when we wanted to.
2	What's all the hype about ???  I would definitely say that the men working here are worth hanging out. But, our experience with dining here was less than stellar. Yes, this is an impressive old building. Smacked with history and old world vibe. As much as the male servers were great at tending to our tablewares and water, our female main server, was slow, dismissive and unattentive to the point of being downright rude. Was it because we were two men, or that we were not French, or was she just a bi*ch that night. I don't really care. Our food was not all that impressive in comparison to the high price of everything. Just for notation, their Sunday roast special is actually a prime rib. The description is a bit misleading, at least to me it was. And, at $35 I can get prime rib elsewhere for less. I'm just saying. . . Not impressed, and not coming back. . . Ok, well maybe to sit at the bar and ogle the men working there. . .
4	I would go to here just to sip and sip and sit and sip and nosh and watch all of the well turned out staff parade around that beautiful room everyday if it was any closer to home.The detail of this place is staggering and inspiring. I always get a laugh watching guys trying to figure out the trough in the gents.I would love to see some more variety on the menu, otherwise, totally tops
5	Canme here for dinner based on other Yelpers' recommendations (thank you!) with a group of 7 and it was outstanding. Originally, my res was for 5, but two more decided to join in earlier in the day. Even though it was a Friday nite, they were able to accommodate us. In addition, our flight was late and we were definitely going to be late. I had my hotel call the Dominion Square for us, and when we arrived (:20 late), our table was waiting for us and the host welcomed us with open arms. Asked us if we had a good trip and told us to sit and get comfortable for our meal. The cocktails were great (A++ Old Fashioned) and the Bangers and Mash had incredible complexity and major flavor. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone traveling to- or residing in-  Montreal. BIG shout out to our server Dominique!! She is patient, attentive, friendly and pretty much exactly what you want a server to be.Well done, Dominion Square, well done indeed.
4	Great atmosphere! Something out of the 1920s, totally loved the decor and the waiters/waitress'/bartenders outfits.I had a few stout beers that were delicious! I started with the white fish croquettes, which were pretty good. I ordered the Beef Sirloin as my main, it had a wine and melted butter sauce and came with mashed potatoes with cheddar as a side. It was very well cooked and tasted amazing! The meat had a very nice crispy sear and soft, creamy inner. I would definitely have this meal again. We ended up getting the absinthe before leaving. This was a very cool experience. They serve it in a classy glass, a knife with holes in it on top which has two sugar cubes that  rest upon it. Some contraption sits on top of the glass holding ice cubes. You have a small pitcher of water which you pour over the ice which then drips down over the sugar melting it into the drink. I filled it about half way before drinking it. Fantastic experience! Would go back for sure!
5	Moving to Montreal from Vancouver, where I was acquainted with some of the top bartenders in Canada, was hard...but finding the cocktails, ambiance and authenticity of Dominion Square has helped make this city feel more like home. Beautiful, well made cocktails. A gorgeous vintage feel. Delicious charcuterie. Friendly and knowledgable staff.  All elements of a damn find place to find some peace of mind, alone or with friends.  A gem in downtown Montreal.
4	I must say I enjoyed my experience at this place. The theme is very elegant and the service was efficient. I personally ordered the chicken salad which was braised chicken and a creamy in house dressing made with cheese which was delicious.They offer a cool variety of drinks. A bit pricey but worth it in the end. We had ended on a high note and tried the absinthe which was served the real way with the sugar and ice. Do not have more than a couple that is for sure. Overall great place cannot wait to visit it again soon!
5	Came here for dinner - we didnt have reso's but very comfortably sat at the bar. The ambiance is worth a trip alone - definitely feel transported to a hipl, 20's time. Ordered the mussels - great! portions were more than hearty - great staff, service, skipped out on dessert as we were full. Place is busy, but not overly loud you can't hear your dinner companions talk - which is a rare balance in busy resto's!Definitely would recommend to friends coming to the city ! and will visit again ourselves.
5	We spent the whole day in the car, got turned around in Montreal, and were so hungry and cranky at 11pm that the food didn't matter. We were so lucky to find a great place. we honestly settled on the closest, well reviewed place still serving food. Amazing food, a friendly wait staff, and delicious cocktails. Not to mention quick service. One of the highlights of my time in Montreal!
3	The cocktails here are fabulous as is the decor, but the dinner definitely left something to be desired. Came here with a group of 5, and the sauces on the steaks were very strange and heavy and my fish was overdone and very, very salty. Also, I had a devilled egg as my starter and it was fairly tasteless. I'd definitely come back here to imbibe in some cocktails or maybe for a dessert and a nightcap, but dinner? I think I'd skip it to be honest. Worth coming here just for a drink and to check out the architecture though, this is old school Montreal and I can picture my grandfather drinking here sorta thing, very cool (& you cannot beat the location!)
3	Delicious cocktails
3	Nice place, but get's loud very quick!...Not super intimate
4	Perfect decor and atmosphere.Had the special of the day : cuisse de canard confit with mushroom risotto.Simple and delicious.With a nice belgian beer, what a way to warm up from a cold winter day and finish the week.
4	Great place to eat ! Nice atmosphere and very nice homemade appetizers ! A must when you are in the city but be sure to make a reservation ;)
3	I was not blown away by this restuarant. The food was good, but nothing special. Had the bangers and mash, and although ti was tasty, just nothing memorable, and I thought the price was a bit steep. I think there are other restaurants in Montreal with much better value. Service was ok, somewhat disconnected. Atmosphere was OK. I would recommend this place more for the bar then the restaurant. Bar was very cool, with solid rye and gin selections. Drinks were expensive though.
5	Great ambiance, great food and professional service.  Business lunch was very tasty.  Had the veal special on Monday and it was served with a butternut squash mash which was excellent as a side.  Definitely recommend.
5	Great food a service. The drink menu was great and the atmosphere was fun. It's a nice Gastropub tucked away in the downtown area of the city. A must visit if in town.
4	This is a really cool bar in the middle of downtown, where almost every bar is really shitty and trashy.This place is really cozy, tucked in a convenient place, with cool decor and friendly staff. Only issue is that it's pretty expensive for drinks. But then again it's in downtown. At least now I can shop downtown and then not have to race away to the Plateau for drinks after etc.They have absinthe too, it's $15.. but one should be enough..
5	It was the first time I had visited this place on a saturday evening. My usual visits have been on weeknights, and on those evenings you could not even swat a fly without making reservations!So it was refreshing to see the place in an relaxed setting. Ordered the special du soir to change things a bit. Didn't fall in love with it but hey, got my food fix to order more cocktails later in the evening!The decoration with the old timey music harkens back to different era, (video game fans - Bioshock comes to mind). Its a great place to go with friends and have a conversation over drinks. Just be careful how much you drink! The more time i spend at this place, the final l'addition grows exponentially!
5	This place is simply amazing. I love the tavern feel and the cocktail menu offers a lot of revisited classic drinks.  Food wise, it's a little bit on the rich part for me but then again if you are drinking it does provide a good base to digest alcohol. Try the Sunday Roast, and English pub staple available on Sunday, obviously. If you do wish to spend your 5-7 there, think of getting in early or reserve a table. It gets really busy, even on an early week night.
4	friday night, 9pm, without a reservation and we were seated within 5 minutes! imagine our luck! post-plane ride, i was hungry and my eyes were indeed larger than my stomach. the server was helpful in steering my friend and i clear of ordering too much. he gently let us know that we should see how we felt after the first 3 dishes. the bone marrow. oh the marrow! with some toast, marrow, and a little salt, i was in an extremely happy place. it comes with a brussel slaw of sorts and is delicious. no regrets on this dish. the meat. with rabbit, pork, & cured duck slices, radishes, tomatoes, carrots, celery, jam, whole seeded mustard, cheese, deviled egg, and some bread.. this was good but not great; it was heavy. however, i will note that it was a simple spread that seems to fit in with the canadian way. simple, no need to dress the ingredients. each component climbed its way onto the board as it each had a purpose (to be consumed together).witloof and blue cheese salad with maple pecan vinaigrette. delicious. it was light and fit with our rather heavy options of bone marrow and meat.didn't expect too much but the food is simple and on second visit i would probably skip the meat platter and do something heavier (ha!). definitely pick items that you cannot get too easily where you are from (if ur from out of town). it was enjoyable and the ambiance/lighting is great!
5	A great Montreal dinning experience. The atmosphere strikes the perfect balance. With the dimmer lighting and retro decorations you can tell that it is a classy spot, yet it manages not to be pretentious in the slightest. We started off with their Old Fashioned, which was truly excellent. Bone marrow and charcuterie made nice appetizers. My main dish was the tasty bangers and mash. In all, highly recommended.
2	Headed to Dominion Square Tavern after it long being on my list of to-do's in Montreal and now I'm left wondering 'what's the fuss all about?'We arrived just as they opened on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar. The place was empty save for a party of three at the end of the bar. I ordered a Basil Rye while the BF ordered a Canuck. Both cocktails were okay, but nothing spectacular. Most disappointing to me was that these cocktails were rather tiny, yet still managed to lack alcohol!I decided on the gravlax to start and the beet salad was my main dish while my BF ordered a Scotch egg and his main was bangers and mash.The gravlax was good, but my oh my was this a small portion! I guess I understand but honestly, at $13, 4 thin slices of salmon was pretty disappointing. My main was a disaster. Okay. Beet salad has NEVER disappointed me before, but this, this was an error in judgement on all levels from presentation to flavour. The beets are in a bowl... like a small diner soup bowl. They are topped with a mix of the base cuts of romaine, with the thick white vein begin the majority of the 'meat', topped still with the palest celery leaves I have ever seen. Crumbled with goat cheese and a ranch vinaigrette. Impossible to eat without everything toppling out of the bowl and onto the bar. But then again, it didn't taste very good, so who cares. With more than half the main left in the bowl, the waiter didn't even blink to ask if it was okay. The BF got one Scotch egg for $14. It was good, he liked it. I wasn't a fan. But hey, that's me. His main, the bangers and mash must have been good because I didn't get a bite of it! We gave the sticky toffee pudding a go too. Blah. That's not sticky toffee pudding. That is cake with the ingredients for sticky toffee pudding added to some extent to the mix, but that doesn't make it sticky toffee pudding, it makes it sticky toffee pudding flavoured cake. If you haven't guessed it yet, I was sorely disappointed by my experience. The food was mediocre at best, and the service was sparse, inattentive and unhelpful. I won't be returning.
1	Not a good place for meeting up with friends.  My girlfriends and I came here for drinks and dinner the evening of the Habs Game 6 against the NY Rangers.  As soon as we got in we were seated since we had reservations.  We gave our drink orders and also ordered the charcuterie plate.  As we settled in and started chatting they kept trying to clean our drinks and plates the whole time we were there even when we were not finished yet.  We could not finish exchanging one story and they will pop up trying to clear our tables.  They seemed friendly about it but it was soooo annoying we settled our bill and left. It is a nice place and the charcuterie plate was tasty but this place left a bad taste on my mouth.  Not returning here any time soon.
4	Great drink options and a varied pub menu. I'd visit again on Sunday to try out the Sunday Roast.
5	Excellent, excellent, excellent. If I lived in Montreal, I'd be a regular here. Looking for a good late night meal, my boyfriend and I came here around 1130 pm-- 30 minutes before closing. I expected to get dirty looks  from staff who wanted to close up shop and to be rushed through our meal. Instead, we were greeted warmly, given great service and the food was top-notch. We tried the corn fritters, which were super yummy. I had the braised beef, while my boyfriend tried the bangers and mash for entrees. We could not have asked for a better meal. This is a must-go-to place for locals and visitors alike.
5	Love the steampunk atmosphere. Excellent selection of drinks, staff dress in proper era uniform and background music is a early jazz. Started with a bowl of their cold zucchini, apple & curry soup. It was light, creamy... Delicious and unexpected for a cold appy! Ordered the Sunday Roast for main course and the heavy bone cutlery betrays how hearty this meal is. No detail spared! Overall, a fantastic experience. Made me want to introduce this little gem to my friends and definitely on my YUL stop list when I visit next. Heck, I'll likely be back before I fly home. That says a lot coming from me.
4	Sunday night is roast night!!  It's your traditional prime rib dinner with all the trimmings including Yorkshire pudding,, au jus and grated horseradish.  If you're craving for a nice piece of medium rarer meat, it's a place to go and not break your wallet.  Classy bar room, so no kids under 18 are allowed.  My only wish is that they put creamed spinach on their menu....
4	My boyfriend and I ate here on our first night in MTL. The food was fantastic (I loved the fish ploughman's platter), cocktails were pretty good too. The restaurant is fairly noisy on busy nights, so the ambience could have been a bit better, but all in all, I enjoyed our evening there!
4	Amazing decor and ambiance straight out of Boardwalk Empire. Great cocktails and beer selection. This four star rating is pure ambience though. I've taken practically every date i've had here for the past 3 years. Perfect spot btw. The food is not sensational though. The corn fritters are my favorite thing there and it was the mussels but I had a very crummy batch a while back. Have a corn fritter dinner or hit up somewhere else first. But definitely find your way here for drinks.
4	Great place to have a drink and a nice meal in the center of downtown Montreal.
4	My wife and I ate at Dominion Square Tavern in July; we were in Montreal for a long weekend and decided to eat here based on Yelp reviews.We enjoyed our dining experince; were able to eat outside as they have a small patio set up in front of the place (summer only I believe).  I had a gin & tonic made with their house made tonic.  Not like a gin & tonic you get in the states.  Hard to describe but it was ok, nothing great.For starters, we had corn fritters and the scotch egg.  Corn fritters were hot and tasty.  The scotch egg was amazing; never had one before.  I recommend it, even if you don't know what it is, give it a try.  For mains, I had the chicken on salad and my wife had the braised beef.  Mine was good; chicken moist and flavorfull.  The braised beef was really good.  I would choose the braised beef over the chicken.Overall, very good; probably the best place we ate at out of the 4 dinners out.
5	I have an obsession with the 1920's and have always dreamed about a bar or tavern that had that vibe. I was lucky to come across Taverne Square Dominion. Their food is really good. I ordered their corn fritters as an appetizer and OH MY GOD! They were amazing. They come with their homemade "catsup". My boyfriend and I were practically fighting over them. For dessert, I HIGHLY recommend the sticky toffee pudding; it is heaven in your mouth. The service is excellent. I ordered the bacon and cider mussels and someone came by to change my plate where I put my shells. It was a little on the pricey side but well worth it. The atmosphere was absolutely wonderful, really a true delight. I would recommend this place for a date or even to grab some good gastropub cuisine.
5	Easily my favourite place in Montreal.  A true gem of an establishment, despite how ouchy it can be on your wallet it is worth a visit for the atmosphere, the food, and the cocktails, oh the cocktails.The most noticeable feature is the atmosphere, you seriously feel like you walked into 1954.  Seriously the only aspect not classic is the WiFi.  The bar is classic design, including a ladder on rails to reach the high shelves.  The chairs and tables are classic "captain" style and there is a beautiful old fireplace.   The walls have a great tile pattern while the lights just shout "classy" all around.   This time capsule extends to the dishes, the plates are right out of my grandmother's pantry (she actually has the same pattern) while even the washrooms are vintage in design.   Now for the real treat, the cocktails.   They make one of the best gin and tonics I have ever had using their homemade tonic water and Hendrick's gin.  The tonic has a perfect balance of bitterness and flavour, and it comes with a cucumber spear!  This time around I also tried a mint julep that felt right out of the Kentucky Derby while my girlfriend said that their Mojito is one of the best Mojito she has ever had.   She also tried a cosmopolitan that she really enjoyed while my final drink was a Canadian Old Fashioned, a classic drink that was done perfectly.   This time around was the first time we had supper here.  My girlfriend had a beet salad with goat cheese while I had a blackened salmon dish on rice that was done to perfection.   A lot of the other dishes looked excellent also, with that touch of classic class.   Our service was very good also, our waiter Thomas was very polite and attentive, perfect gentlemanly service all around.   I can't recommend this place enough, although a disclaimer it is quite pricey.  Cocktails will run you between 10 and 14 dollars each so if you are not paying attention your wallet can take  bruising.   The food is perfectly priced for the quality and with drinks you get the quality you are paying for.
5	We decided to give this place a try in our visit to Montreal. It's a quant little place, hidden into the buildings around it. We loved the entire experience! The interior is beautiful, very antique/rustic/Victorian. We loved the gastropub feel and the over all atmosphere is beautiful. We really enjoyed the drinks and food, from the cheese plate to the steak -- all delicious and flavorful. The four of us were quite comfortable in our seats. Our waitress was nice though I wish she was a bit more attentive, but it was a bit busy.Overall wonderful place and we enjoyed it, I look forward to returning during our next visit to Montreal.
5	WOW! I've only been there twice and it is already one of my favorite places! That feeling of homemade and fresh food that comes after eating is just amazing! And I got it there. Thanks to tripadvisor I found this place and went at evening and on daytime.Really appreciated their homemade lemonade and I would recommend it highly to go with friends or as a couple. Deco is simple but beautiful, it reminded me of London pubs, but with a touch of light and color.
3	We stopped by Dominion Square Tavern for a late dinner after driving in from Michigan. The space had a great tavernish atmosphere and we were seated right away even though we had expected to have to wait.We had the fish cake, the scotch egg, and the mussels. The fish cakes (kind of like crab cakes but with fish) had strong smoke notes and was a bit salty. The scotch egg was done really well, crispy on the outside with a delicious meat layer and an oozing egg in the center. The mussels were well portioned for two people to share and were tasty. Didn't find a single closed shell in the bunch.Overall, I think the food was executed well and the service was friendly and prompt. For the price though, I was expecting to be wowed a bit more.
4	Took my team here for lunch and we all got the Thursday special - Duck leg confit.  It was delicious, great ambience and overall experience.  Dessert was also great - the service was kind of slow but we had a nice relaxing lunch. I would definitely recommend this place for good food.
2	I don't know what happened but our cocktails were poorly made and expensive. We paid $13 each for Hendricks martinis, they filled the glass less then halfway. I thought it was a joke. Ended up getting a couple appetizers that were tasty and left. Bill came to $81 without tip. All and all very meh experience.
4	I find myself always coming back here for their Sunday roast. You can never go wrong. It is the best roast I've ever had. There is another one in Toronto call, Queen and Beaver, but the roast here is better for sure. Highly recommend it.
5	Loved it! Great vibe, excellent service. We had a wonderful meal and even better drinks! The cocktails alone are worth the visit - amazing! Excellent choice for food and drinks in Montreal!
4	love the strong cocktails and the bar! as for the food, no freaking idea.the good thing is being able to get away mid-way through a shopping trip in the busy downtown area and enjoy a nice list of cocktails and soak in the purchases that we did. and maybe plan your next trip.its pretty empty before 6pm then, its just a madhouse
4	They make their own tonic with a hint of anise, so the house gin & tonic is definitely worth a try. Perfectly baked poultry is also one of their forte.Tasteful decor, right down to the rest room. I prefer the tables in the back, closer to the kitchen.Book well in advance--use Open Table--and remember that the noise level is not compatible with intimate conversation. Staff is efficient and invariably good looking, which makes me think there's some kind of job requirement going on :)
4	Great atmosphere and the decor is superb. Hey even the washrooms have a distinctiveness.Food and attention was great. Portions are the size you would expect from a nice gastropub, read.... they will not full you up but enough to give you nourishment and great taste. I always wonder about reviews that mention the small size when in gastropub. Dominion does it right.My only suggestion would be to have a more adventurous beer selection - hey there is so much to choose from in QC.
5	This place is excellent for cocktails or a nice dinner with friends.  It can get a little noisy, but that's only because it's wonderful.  Fabulous ambience -- dress down or dress up. Celiacs and gluten-intolerant folks can eat here without a worry.  Plenty of plates to choose from, although steer clear of anything deep fried (replace with potato mash, etc).  Staff seems knowledgeable about how serious allergies are.  Dessert is limited to ice cream, but it's pretty good anyways!
3	Ambience: 4.5/5 (Liked it a lot)Food: 3/5 (Notes: Ton of choice, quality is nothing to complain about. Enjoyed the food)Service: 3.5/5 (Friendly)Value: 3/5 Repeat: Not in a heartbeat
3	A gorgeous interior circa 1920s which in its hay day was a bank. You can feel the era in the mood lighting, architectural details and bow tie wearing staff. The staff leave much to be desired and pull off the attitude that gives the delightful French a bad rep which is too bad. This reason is reflected in the rating and really took away from our experience. Onto more important matters... Cocktails are more old school in their execution and stiff. Food is gorgeous, delicious and will leave you full and happy. A  great date spot in the downtown area that will surely impress!
