5	At the heart of Fremont Street is a little old hotel and casino called the Golden Gate.  Step inside here for a moment the next time you go downtown to recreate and gamble.  You won't find a more humble, warm and friendly place than this, the little casino is combined with a little cafe where you can get great sandwiches and one buck bay shrimp cocktails (their specialty) to munch on while a pianist plays great ole-timey tunes for you.  Good fun.
1	Stayed there once.  It was easily the worst hotel I've ever been in, including that roadside motel in Vermont.The $.99 shrimp cocktail does not make up for a crappy hotel that looks untouched since at least 1960.
4	Where do you go when your luck has turned sour, why someplace that makes you feel at home.  That's how we ended up at the golden gate, and it was worth it.  Tommy and I hit the craps tables and decided to play slow, get a couple drinks, then jet.  We had a couple greyhounds, got on a role and then took off before our luck soured.  My only complaint is that they didn't have some cheesier tshirts cause that's one I'd sport with pride.but seriously, like all downtown hotels, only stay here if you're doin it on the cheap and okay with tired crappy rooms
5	I just love the Golden Gate.  I've never eaten or stayed here, but I love to play 21 here.First of all, this place has some history.  It's across from the Las Vegas Club, which is the oldest hotel/casino in town and was built not long after.  Way before Bugsy started building the Strip, downtown was alive and thriving and the Golden Gate was in the middle of it all.  Just thinking about everything those walls have seen gives me a little thrill.A friend and I stumbled in here one night, both put $40 down on a table, and 2 or 3 hours FLEW by.  We didn't put down any more money, and I think I walked away with close to $100, but that didn't matter.  The dealers were awesome.  Very friendly and personable, and the cocktail waitresses were cheerful and quick.  I was definitely more comfortable in that tiny space than in the vast expanse of resort casino floors.  I didn't feel like I was lost in a sea of debauchery.Get a little history lesson.  Check it out.
4	Where the Strip seems determined to raze and rebuild, the Golden Gate is proud of their 100 year history. The place is a museum and that 99 cent  shrimp cocktail they have is the best deal in town while being the tastiest.
5	I've never stayed or eaten here.  But the gambling is the best! Cheap games, friendly dealers (for the most part) and always a fun time.  Cool old Vegas atmosphere,  decent drink service.. its a Vegas must stop for me!
4	Have any of you seen the movie "Pay It Forward"? I did, but after I moved back to Boston in 2002. It was filmed in Las Vegas, and I remember flipping out when there was a scene with Helen Hunt as a change lady. At the Golden Gate. Well, Kevin Spacey's character brings her flowers and they have the awkward "I like you but can't really tell you" conversation, and then? They speak of the diner.The diner is the reason why I went here. I would always sit at the counter. When there is a sign at the counter for smoking and non-smoking? And I am on the seat just on the "non-smoking" side, and sitting next to a guy on his apparent "smoking" side blowing smoke in my face? That's awesome. So ghetto-fied. The food is good and cheap. Remember, if you go to Vegas, and you bitch about why that 6.99$ prime rib tasted so badly? You're a fool. A fool who needs a beating. There's a reason it's cheap. Same goes for this spot. It won't blow your mind. The place is run down and pretty "yuck". That's it. It is what it is.Also, the best people-watching. I would see strippers from the Glitter Gulch come in on occasion. I mean, you need to go at 3 am on a Tuesday or something. You see the weirdest shit. I brought my soon to become girlfriend there when we first met and she just wanted to get out of her place. She loved it, and it's why we worked! If you know what to expect? Then you'll enjoy it. Just don't think it's fine dining and you're set!
4	This hotel is freakin' old, and it sort of shows, but I happen to love this casino and hotel in spite of it's flaws. I stayed here with my sister a while ago. Our room had two twin beds which  were hard as rocks and the pillows sucked, but the price was amazing! So, it's all give and take. I still slept well and my wallet was happy. My sister was convinced the place was haunted, and she might be right considering the building's age, but I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. The staff was super friendly and the casino was great! It had lots of cheap games and the dealers were eager to help a new gambler like me, I am sure to take my money, but whatever. The snack bar here is the home of the famous .99 cent shrimp cocktail. I had heard about this thing on the travel channel and was excited to try it. You know what? It was seriously good! The shrimp was fresh and the cocktail sauce had the perfect amount of spice. .99 cents, who would have thought? If you need a cheap bed in Vegas or cheap good eats, check out he Golden Gate Hotel...
4	Wow!! The Golden Gate hotel is old, poor thing. It needs an overhaul big time! I haven't stayed here & to be honest I probably wouldn't with the condition it is in right now. However, I did play here.......oh yeah....great little casino to play in when your trying to stretch your dollar and get the most action. We stumbled into this little gem when we were at Binions and I asked one of the dealers where we could learn how to play roulette cheap. He told me that there was 25 cent roulette at the GG! Wow 25 cents, can't get cheaper than that! The funny thing is that when we got there the Roulette table was full so we all sat down and played Blackjack. The minimums were about $5 for all table games which was a little disappointing since I was ready for my 25 cent games.....hey I know that sounds cheap but I was trying to learn damn it!! I get intimidated by Roulette & Craps.......too fast & people get all ticked when they sense you don't know what the hell you are doing!! So the Blackjack tables were fun & the dealers were nice & fun too! And wow the waitresses were speedy....always a plus! So I didn't try the famous cocktail but I did go back the next night and won about $180 on the 25 cent Wheel of Fortune game, besides the fact that I was playing it for about 3 hours!!!! I'm telling you I love these casinos where you feel like you are actually winning & that you have an edge over the house!!! I will be back again GG....thanks for the great times!
4	I am not really a fan of Downtown Vegas, but the GG is a fairly nice place to go.  My family loves the Bay City Restaurant within the Casino area.  If you go, try the open face beef sandwhich or the chicken fingers dinner.  I tasted both and they are yummy.I have never stayed in the hotel portion.  But the gaming is alright.  I didn't lose anything yet!
3	Barbary Coast had more of a SF pier area feel to it. They renovated Golden Gate a few years ago and about all that they now have in common with The City is they're name. And $1.99 shrimp cocktail.No Bridge ....NO FUCKING BRIDGE!!!. Can they do that? Isn't their some law against calling yourself the "Golden Gate" when you don't have a stinking bridge. It's like the center of the Fremont street universe. And the blackjack dealer with the weird goiter on his neck owes me $400.00 for being such a gross distraction. Here's the deal with Fremont St. The interior of every casino is just like the next one.
3	Great place to go to get that old Vegas Vibe.. I've always been able to find $5 craps (and sometimes $3).. even on weekends. It's a tad smokey, and I've found some dealers that are a tad inept, but they have great spirit, and the people that play here are much nicer than folks you find on the strip. People seem to give a damn that the shrimp cocktail went from .99 to 1.99, but I find that stuff sick so I won't go there...
4	Ricky, you are adorable. Too bad I tripped over myself in nervousness while I was getting out of the booth because I knew you were watching. Let me know when you turn 18 ; )
2	this place is the original casino cafe in las vegas. located on the end of the fremont street experience. always busy & crowded on the weekends. you may experience a 20-30 minute wait. the atmosphere is nostalgic with old school decor. the service is ok.most of the waiteresses look they were here when it opened in 1906. a little slow but friendly. the menu consistes of breakfast,lunch & dinner plus fresh homemade pies. the food is a little iffy-sometimes it's good sometimes it awful. usually we stick with the prime rib or chicken. but the shrimp cocktail is workd-famous.(used to be 99 cents). really just plain, nothing outstanding here. no salt on food. cheap for downtown sit-down eating
4	Walked in here...okay, stumbled in here and ordered a burger and fries. Lorainne was our waitress and she was hilarious and completely on top of her game. This place was alot of fun, right in the mix of vegas and well priced with what seemed to be a decent menu. Yes, the shrimp cock-tail was yummy, I stole one from my buddy who ordered it. If you do go here- be prepared to be surrounded by old people.
4	I can't get enough of the Golden Gate Casino.  Everytime I go downtown I start off at Golden Gate and end back up there at the end of the night.  It's really old-school vegas with lots of charm and antiquity.  The famous 99 cent shrimp cocktail is found here at a snack bar in the back.  Drinks at the bar are inexpensive, and the gaming is fun.  Security guards are everywhere, so you don't have to worry about any trouble.  I've never stayed in the hotel, so I can't comment on the rooms.  But I love the casino area and also the Bay City Diner located inside.Can't wait to go back next year.
4	This is the place. A piano player instead of Muzak, $3 minimums at craps and blackjack (or $5 blackjack at worst), the adorable old dealer named Tom, the Bay City Diner (though I've heard reports of a T.G.I.  Friday's turn). Still, this is about as close to old-school as you're going to get.
5	HOTEL: Great if you can live without things like amenities and luxury.  It's a cheap bed for the night.  You will not like this place if you expect the following out of your hotel room: plush sheets, space to move around, quiet air conditioning, not being able to hear the person next door and a nice elevator.  And you're up to your ankles in water after taking a shower.  But if you're like me and just looking for a place to pass out at the end of the night it's great.  Not sketchy, lots of security and clean enough.  At their super-low prices who cares?CASINO: Small and the patrons are very well behaved.  No riff-raff or 21st birthday jackholes and small enough that you can find your way out easily.  The piano player is a classy touch and they have a go-go dancer on the weekends.  Dealers are very friendly and helpful and the action can get pretty good.  They're pretty loose with the drink comps, play any table and you're boozing on the house.I don't think I'd try the shrimp cocktail again.  Overall the Golden Gate is a very fun place to lose a few bucks and get really sauced.  Forget Disneyland -- this is vintage Vegas, when the mobsters ran it all.
4	Shrimp Cocktail anyone? The oldest casino on Freemont St. is my go to place when I wanna play some chips and last weekend was no exception. What I love most about the downtown casinos, and the Gate in particular,  is that nostalgia is abundant as you walk the floors... it's easy to envision Vegas Past... it was the early heyday of these casinos when mobsters were runnin' the glitz and glam show... and it was just that back in the day... glitzy and full of glamour... The downtown casinos offer more bang for your gambling buck...as most have low limit tables... I must've played roulette on the same $10 bill for at least an hour... and equally so (if not longer) at the blackjack table... I gamble for fun, not for sport... so this suits me perfectly... And of course, when at the Golden Gate... ya gotta have the shrimp cocktail. For $2 (or free if you make nice with the pit boss) you get a dessert dish filled to the brim with scrimps and just a dollop of cocktail sauce. It hits the spot when the drinks are flowing and has been a Vegas tradition for 50 yrs.
4	The Golden Gate is a small, old casino at the end of Fremont Street.  ROOMS:  The Gate was built well before the advent of big people.  If you're a Munchkin, a Smurf, or an Oompa Loompa, this room would be plenty big enough for you.  Not me, though.  I could barely fit through the door with my luggage (I'm 6'2" and 250), I could stand on my tippy toes and hit the top of the door frame with my head.  The room was clean and had a new TV(!), but it was quite small.  And the bathroom!  I had to go outside just to change my mind.  *rim shot*   Thank you, you're a lovely audience.If you value your body hair (and who doesn't?),  I wouldn't stay in the shower too long.  Fire hydrant-like water pressure on the 54-inch high nozzle.  The room was very small --- but so was the price.  I booked a room through the Gate's internet site for $19.06 per night.  Hmmmm.  Hotel opened in 1906, rooms $19.06 per night.  Coincidence?  Perhaps not.CASINO:  The games have low limits and the employees are universally friendly.  The casino is really small, so drink service is pretty good.  The bartenders are the best!  Two that particularly stand out are Andre, the aspiring flair bartender (graveyard shift) and Raul (10-6).  All of the bartenders are very nice - I don't even mind losing $$$ playing VP here.I swear, the place has the highest security guard to customer ratio of any casino in town.  They're everywhere, but they're unobtrusive.  Which is fine, I guess.If you're lucky, there will be a live person playing the piano at the back of the casino.  As opposed to a dead person playing the piano at the back of the casino.  Adds to the ambiance.  FOOD:  The Gate has a cafeteria-style eating place with their famous 99 cent shrimp cocktail ($1.99 if you don't have a player's card).   I'm not a shrimp cocktail guy, but I have to admit they're pretty good here.  They also serve really good deli sandwiches and other similar fare.There's also a diner on the premises - a good place to catch an inexpensive, late-night breakfast.Because of the friendly employees, it's my favorite casino on Fremont.  If you're budget conscious and small of stature, the hotel isn't all that bad either, especially for the price.
3	i have  love/hate feelings for this casino. first time here 2yrs ago, my bud & i had awesome dealer/cocktail service at the craps table(we won to boot!).  a year later(by myself), a neglectful blond cocktail server gave me  a look like she wanted to kill me after the pitboss scolded her for being neglectful. i then didn't trust any drinks from this pissed off woman & departed.  then, a year later, me & bud returned to receive decent cocktail service , but the pitboss was visibly sore at us for winning hundreds at craps. unfriendly  boxman. ok stickmen(dealers).  bad food. very cool vintage atmosphere & awesome go-go flapper dancers on sat. nite.  never stayed at the hotel.
4	The Golden Gate is supposedly the oldest casino in Vegas, and certainly the oldest on Fremont Street.  It's pretty much no different inside from any of the other Fremont Street casinos, but it has two distinct advantages.The first is the $2 shrimp cocktail bar, which I managed to eat at every day for almost a week.  The sandwiches there are decent, they sell hot dogs, but who are you kidding?  Stack up four of those cocktails, get a Corona, and just make an absolute pig of yourself for $12.The second is the diner they have inside the casino.  All casinos have fancy restaurants or overpriced steakhouses, most have luncheonette counters, but the diner in here served me some delicious granola pancakes with coffee for fairly short money.I'm not much of a gambler, I can't comment on the table action or the slots, but if I'm going into the shrimp bar... all in.Oh, and one last thing... the Golden Gate runs an outdoor bar further up Fremont Sreet (near the Four Queens) from mid-afternoon into the evening.  The drinks they serve here are colossal... the large defies even the imagination.  I ordered a large (the two and a half foot tall glass) from the bartender for $15 and asked what he could make.  He said 'pretty much anything'.  I said 'give me something disgustingly fruity.'  I swear, he poured more than HALF A BOTTLE of Popov over ice in the glass, and then added some fruit juice and random liqueurs to cover the solvent flavor of the paint thinner.  I remember not so very much of the afternoon after that...I highly recommend going big at this place... getting one of these down on the Strip will run you $30-40, and it's not any better.  Drink plenty of water afterwards, though.
4	This place was great for us.  We have been to the strip and  experienced the huge casinos and huge bills.  This place was cheep and gave us everything we wanted a nice clean room with access to everything.   No room service however no need to stay in when you have your pick of LV restaurants.  I do recommend the Shrimp cocktail.  Stay here to sleep and spend the extra cash to splurge at  all Vegas has to offer.
4	have never stayed in the hotel. but we always eat in the diner. the prices are very reasonable and the food is consistently good. i know this isn't the flashiest or fanciest place in vegas, but it's darn good. try the prime rib.
4	Just spent the weekend for the first time, 05/15 - 05/18/09. I will be going back. The rooms are smaller but clean. The bathroom was clean and had loads of hot water. If you don't spend much time in the room, this is a place to stay. The blackjack rules were good and the waitress service was excellent. I had trouble getting my drink down, before the next one was coming Get a players card and eat shrimp cocktails for $.99. With only 4 floors, you never have to wait for the elevator
5	this is the best place too stay for your $$$, and cute rooms to boot.This is not a Casino for Kids so if you want to bring your Kids book elsewhereOK so this place was built in 1906, it is the first casino to be built in Las Vegas, and right out side its doors is were the first Pay phone was is Las Vegas.so it has old world charm, in the wood paneling, and it has an almost institutional look on the hall ways, the room we had on the 3rd floor was small but cute, the rooms have all been redone recently, they have new beds and mattresses, the bed is really comfy, they have flat screen TVs,the Bathrooms are circa 1960 so the plumbing is a Little old but it works fine hot water doesn't run out, and the shower head is up high enough that a 6' tall person can fit under it without stooping over to get under the spray, the alarm clock is Ipod/ Iphone ready with a dock right on top so you can charge or even listen to your own music the Staff here are all very pleasant, and I think we payed like $20 a night so there was a few extra bucks to blow on gamblingoh and be careful when you put the do not disturb card out if you put it on the "please service" they will come a knocking at 7 am !! oops my bad, at least they still knocked instead of coming in when I was asleepthe Restaurant has a good deal on a 8oz Prime rib for like $8 if I remember right, the service was really good and the veggies were still firm and crunchy not over cooked, the prime rib wasn't as tender as I like it but then I got there late it was like midnight, I know I could of gotten a better cut earlier in the evening my bad for waiting to eat so late
4	Golden Gate honey sweetie you really had me worried. I had read some of the past reviews on another site and some were ho hum at their best. I've stayed downtown and I've stayed on the strip and i know what to expect from both. Downtown I expect to be treated like a big boy and not get a lot of hand holding when I piddle, and this is usually how I like to be treated when staying downtown and this is what I got while staying at the GG. Being a small hotel, just a little over 100 rooms the check in was fast and speedy (we were the only one there) and the lady who checked us in was nice but not fake nice. The rooms are small to where I honestly would not try to put 4 people in a room. There were two of us and that was enough. I guess recently they slapped a new coat of paint on the walls of the room, new carpet, and other fancy new stuff in the rooms including a flat screen tv. The newness shows and I liked it. The casino was nice too. While playing craps I let one of the workers who was working the game know I was new and he offered me a couple tips which for a while worked when the dice were rolling good. THANKS! I found the main eating place and cafe clean speedy and tasty. Oh and those .99 cent scrimp cocktails (yes I said scrimp don't judge me bitch's!) could easily sale for a few bucks due to how much of the lil scrimps they fit in that glass! So damn tasty that one actually sounds good right about now. The only thing I'd improve about this hotel is two things, add a microwave and an icebox in the room and I'd be as happy as a scrimp in cocktail sauce :)
4	I just had to stay here because it's the oldest hotel / casino in Las Vegas. Built in 1907, it still has the charm of old school Vegas. All of the woodwork is original and gorgeous. There are various reminders throughout the hotel that it is the real deal. The Bay City Diner is fantastic for breakfast, complete with pie counter. Dinner was not so great and the help wasn't up to speed, but if you can stick to the eggs and toast for breakfast, you will be fine. The room was quite stylish - I was pleasantly surprised. For the money (cheapest on Fremont), I expected something dirty and rundown. The room had new everything, including flat screen and ipod player! The downside was the noise outside the window late at night. The Fremont Experience goes on until the wee hours and there isn't much in the way of insulation on those windows. Bring earplugs and sleeping aid. The help at the frontdesk was pleasant and got us into our room at 8am (opposed to the 3pm check-in.) They have a shrimp buffet, too. I would stay here again and highly recommend a room overlooking Fremont. You can crank open the windows and heckle the tourtists, while enjoying the plastic flowers!
5	This review is for the delicious Shrimp Cocktails!Famous shrimp cocktail which is now $1.99.  (If you sign up at their Comp Club it's $0.99 as a member now and $1.99 if not a member.)  Since the previous price was $0.99, this is in an effort for you to sign up for their marketing.  Not too bad of an idea from the owners.How can you have fun at this place?  Easy!  Going nom, nom, nom, nom, nom while your girlfriend who hates shrimp watches in disgust!  I love this cocktail, I plan on eating five next time I go.  Now time to upload the pics to gross out Yelp!
5	This place is rad, I booked it because I was in Vegas and needed a place to stay-hoping I'd add it to my list of Vegas dive hotel/motels I've stayed at. However....the hotel was way better than expected and much nicer than I'd thought. Super cheap-and you get way more than you pay for. I kinda want to go back just because....
3	We always seem to end up here for hours playing blackjack......they had a new concept this time....dealer-dancers. Young, pretty, and fun at the tables. They do have one dancer that will make your yummy shrimp cocktail come back up if you accidentally get a glimpse of her.......but even the "non-rhythmic" need jobs! Don't expect a lot of frills, but be ready to have fun and experience "old" Vegas at its finest!
4	I stayed here because it was cheap, but I was shocked at what a great place it was. Yes, the rooms are small. Small. But there was plenty of room to sleep in, which was really all I wanted, and the rooms were clean. Somebody put some actual thought into the room designs, you got a room with a funky 1920's style design. TV and clock radio were brand new. The utilities in the bathroom were old, but they fit the design, and they work, so what else do you want? My room was in the back, so street noise wasn't a problem. I had a nice view of the various utilities on the roof. I also kinda liked that you could actually open the windows. The casino seems to have embraced it's smallness, the table games are clustered together, separated from the slot machines, and right next to the bar, which makes it a quick trip for the cocktail waitresses. By my second day there, the craps dealers knew me by name, which was nice. Oh, and they have hot girls who deal blackjack and double as go-go dancers, which seems a little weird but gives the place a nice party vibe. I didn't do the shrimp cocktail thing, but had a great pastrami sandwich in the deli, and a good cheap breakfast in the diner, which is a nice quiet break from the craziness with a friendly staff. A small place yes, but a great deal. Really.
5	We stayed at this hotel because we booked a really good promotional rate.  We were not expecting a lot, but we were definitely surprised.  The rooms were recently renovated and have a boutique feel to them.  They also feature flat panel TVs and iPod compatible alarm clocks.  The staff members were super friendly and check-in was quick and easy.  We booked two rooms and in one of the rooms the air-conditioning stopped working - we mentioned it to the front desk when we went out for breakfast and it was fixed by the time we returned. This property is also the only place in Vegas that seems to care about its history, so it is a good place for a little nostalgia.By the way, someone mentioned that the showerheads are too low, but this seems to have been corrected with the recent renovations.  My friend who is 6'1" had no issues with the shower.  The rooms are slightly on the small side, so some might describe them as being European, but their new features definitely make up for it.
5	My friend and I had just gone on a Las Vegas trip during which we stayed at the Venetian and THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. We decided we wanted to do something different this trip and decided to stay downtown for the first time. Do not let the small size of the Golden Gate fool you. It is a great place to stay. The rooms are on the small side, but are clean and comfortable. The hotel only has 106 rooms so you get where you want to go fast. No huge hallways to navigate or long waits for an elevator. Everyone was pretty friendly. Also, this 100 year old hotel actually offers free wireless internet! The only downside is that since it is a pretty small place, you are expected to be out right at the check out time so they can prepare your room for the next guests. We had rooms facing the Fremont Street Experience and surprisingly the sound wasn't a big issue as long as you keep the curtains closed. The fabric does a pretty good job of keeping the sound down.
3	Love the casino, small and old Vegas. Actually got used to the place (stayed there 3 nights) but uhmm... sorry the rooms are just SO SMALL!!! Considering the price its ok, saw a cockroach in the bathroom... eeeek!Would I stay there again? Maybe in a couple of years when I wanna do a budget trip and dont mind the crapped style, but just so you know... this place made me feel so poor I am staying in the Bellagio in December, loLl!
3	Stayed here for the first time last night.  The rate was only $19.06 for the room.  The room is small, but the bed was very comfortable.Huge problem:  Noise level unbearable.  Garbage trucks roll into the alley below about 5:30 AM and begin emptying dumpsters..........one after the other for at least 2 hours or more.  All the while, the garbage workers are carrying on very loud conversations with the hotel workers, in multiple languages, on top of all the racket and banging that the trucks and dumpsters are making.  WARNING:  Unless you have some very good ear plugs.................do not stay here.  You will regret it.Still love the casino, but the hotel stay was not something I'll do again.
4	If you're expecting dingy and gross because of the low price, you'd be wrong. The rooms are small, but if you prefer an older aesthetic, you will be in heaven. It's the kind of place that has character. And you know, a flat screen tv and an iPod dock. The Neutrogena products (as opposed to the no-name 80s products in the Treasure Island bathroom) were a very nice touch. Unfortunately, you will hear every minute of the Fremont Street Experience, but there's only one bed in the room, so find a way to distract yourself and you'll ignore it.
3	We didn't stay at the hotel... just stopped in for the "Original Shrimp Cocktail of Las Vegas" ($1.99 each). It was worth the money and we also had some of their cheap draft beer, a beerbrat sandwich and a fountain soda. Only drawback... NO REFILLS! Otherwise the shrimp cocktails were worth it. Plus many other affordable eating options were closed on this particular Sunday afternoon.
3	For the price of the shrimp cocktail, who are you to resist?It's very old Vegas in here.  Not as glamorous as the Golden Nugget, or as elegant as the Main Street Station, but the walls have old photographs of San Francisco, including (my favorite), one of a group of immacualtely dressed Edwardian ladies and gentlemen on the summit of a hill overlooking the smoldering fires following the 1906 Quake - the looks on their faces appear to be of mild annoyance rather than horror as the city burns (so decadent).
3	I have not stayed at this hotel, however we gambled there for a bit. I was pleasantly surprised at how not-dirty this casino was. A little small, but it makes it easy for a group of friends to spread out in order to play whatever they want to play and then easily find each other again. I seemed to always be in the wrong place at the wrong time for the drink lady. Bummer. I lost enough to earn many many drinks, but hey, that's why it's called gambling, right? The deli seemed decent too. I didn't eat there, but friends did and they enjoyed their meal. The line was long and everyone was walking away with their shrimp cocktail in a sundae glass with a drizzle of sauce on top. I'm glad others enjoy it, I think shrimp is great, just a little leery of super-discounted shrimp cocktail.Overall, I'd go back and hopefully have some better luck (with money and drinks) next time!
5	I love what they did with the place. I played craps and black Jack for several hours. The dealers are awesome and the music and dancing girls are entertaining. Of course Fremont street is lots of fun, the band outside was great tonight!
4	For nostalgia's sake.We've been doing the hotdog-shrimp cocktail routine ever since our honeymoon 28 years ago.So, whenever we're in town......http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/H0xrqDnQuei14LAkjEeInA?select=OagjcqjpB57voWydDWVyjgTwo shrimp cocktails & 2 hotdogs for him.One shrimp cocktail for me. but I substituted the hotdog for the yellow split pea soup this time.  Loved the soup and went back the next day to pick up some more.Hubby liked the go-go dancers.
5	The air is thick in this hotel.  I'm not talking about smoke.You walk in and the warm, rich wood everywhere make you feel comfortable right away, but there is a feeling in the air.It is a familiar feeling, even though you may have never been here before.It's the feeling of nostalgia. It's the feeling of class.It's the feeling of old Vegas....and it's really my style of place.The building has been here since before just about anything else in Vegas -- 1906, so the strange familiarity and comfort start a creative soul to fantasize of sordid misadventures held here in a past life, perhaps a roaring 20's soiree or a post-WWII survival celebration.The rooms themselves, although remodeled with modern conveniences like LG LCD tv and iPod doc alarm clock, are still thick enough with that ether-substance of the psyche of more than a century of guests that one can forget about the present time and get swank with the ghosts in the room.  (Sadly, I never saw any real ghosts)Crank open the lock on the windows and actually open them up to let the 'fresh' downtonwn air into your room!Check out the hand-tiled bathroom and instantly transport yourself to your gramma's tourqoise powder room to draw yourself a bath from separate hot and cold cross-handled faucet turns.As long as you're coming alone or as a couple, and not trying to share a room with 3-4+ people, the only real drawback I can see is that if you're a person of large mass or width, there may be a tight squeeze in that bathtub or even on the toilet, with your arm pressing up against the wall.There was a bit of the Freemont Music coming in the room, but that doesn't go forever, and wasn't an issue at all.  A request for a room on the opposite side of the building helps a lot.For a ton of class, nostalgia, convenience, and value, Golden Gate in downtown Vegas is going to be tough to beat, and I'm surely going back again.  Maybe someday if I'm ever a homeless ghost, this would be my ideal place to squat.  I could make sure no one else was disappointed by not seeing ghosts here!
4	This review is for the Casino only.  I love the GG for their $3 craps tables prior to 6pm every night!  The craps dealers were friendly and helpful to everyone, and the cocktail service was frequent and attentive.I believe you get 3x odds on your $3 bets and up to 10x odds if you're betting $5 on the pass line.  They also seem to give out small comps easily; free shrimp cocktails, drawings for free play, etc.  I always enjoy the GG when downtown and I highly recommend it for those of you looking for cheap craps in Vegas.
3	My husband and I picked this place based mostly on the reviews on here... and the price! $82.49 total for a Thursday and Friday night in late April. It was pretty much as described! Free parking was a major selling point, although I wish there was a non-valet option. I'm not sure if the license plate on our rental was as bent when we got the car as when we picked it up after first parking it... but they validate you at the hotel check in, so that was easy! It's a very compact casino floor when you first walk in, yet they have squeezed in boxes for scantily clothed go-go dancers to gyrate on between the tables... not my favorite part but I'm sure all the men enjoy it! After we went up to our, as described, newly decorated but VERY TINY room, my hungry husband enjoyed a VERY large turkey sandwich and a jumbo shrimp cocktail at the deli at midnight. I thought the sandwich was overpriced, but the lady stacked it high and made it worth the dollars, so for vegas, I guess it wasn't too bad! The next night, around the same time (dinner time in Vegas I guess!) we tried the restaurant in the casino. I had the veggie burger (boca patty, I believe) and the husband had the prime rib special. This vegan sat as far from him as I possibly could to avoid any meat spray. The boca was fine although the fries were bland and cold. It was midnight though, so, who cares really. The husband said that the prime rib was good... the parts that weren't fat and gristle. Again, it was midnight, but ya know, (literally) watch what you eat I guess??Back to the room... it was nice that the rooms were nicely decorated, but they could really use some new windows! Some that aren't single paned w/o broken window closures because FREMONT STREET IS SO LOUD!!! Til ooh 3 am probably it was nonstop crazy noise and we felt like we were sleeping in the middle of the street! Also not fun, the 6am garbage truck on Saturday morning since we were right over the alley... Also, the bed was not very comfortable. So... for a cheap place to rest your head in Vegas it'll do, but it's not any kind of resort if that's what you're looking for!
4	Why don't all casinos have dancing girls like this one? Seriously, who doesn't like dancing girls? This is a no-brainer!
4	i'm over the bad cocktail service espisode & have had good service since.  i come here every vegas visit for the afternoon $3 craps table minimums, hot/fun go go dancers & tunes after 5pm, & often lucky rollers. i like the stickmen/dealers.
4	Loved the casino and the shrimp cocktai was good only for $1.99 plus i had a salad with it. It has a old style to it and only stayed for an hour but it was worth going.
5	This is the place to have fun in Vegas.  Loosely "Frisco" themed Casino, has old time feel to it, but the go-go girl dealers certainly lend to the party atmosphere.  This is definitely not a kid-friendly casino, they aren't even allowed in the shrimp cocktail snack bar area, so if you have kids, come back next time.
5	A real gem in the sleazy downtown of LV.  With the scam 6/5 blackjack payoff now spreading even to the Golden Nugget, I ended up here for a very enjoyable 9 hour blackjack session with friendly dealers, go-go dancing in the pits, helpful pit bosses that signed us up for the "1906 Club" which got us a free meal, excellent drink service and waitress (though gin and tonics were weak and had to switch to straight Jameson), low $5 tables at off-peak times midweek, great San Francisco artifacts and photographs, and great restaurant that they for some reason hide in a corner so you can't find it (not the shrimp place, but a real sit-down one).  This is my new favorite place in LV now that the strip is all 6/5 blackjack payoffs for $5 tables if you can even find one.
4	Yes this place is old school rat packish and not glitzy....but they have shrimp cocktail for $1.99! c'mon! Sure you have to go through a high school type cafeteria to get it...but it's definitely worth it. Well...it's worth it if you're visiting downtown, but I wouldn't make the trek up here from the strip just for the shrimp. That's crazy!
4	Last trip to Vegas, I decided that I had to have one. There was no way that they could really have a decent shrimp cocktail for $1.99. Stumbled my way inside, saw that it was not just an awesome billboard on the side of their building. It was true! We opted for the larger shrimp at $3.99, cause what the hell, it was still dirt cheap. I only wish I had never gone because it was so cheap and delish but a 5 hour drive away!I will definitely make my rounds to this spot whenever I am in the City of Sin.
1	This is the dirtiest, smelliest, and most uncomfortable hotel I have ever stayed at. I admit, it is cheap (around 35 per night) but wow, i see why. I stayed there with my friends one time and right when I walked in, nothing but the smell of cigarette smoke and the stench of sweaty socks. On the floor we stayed at, the floors and ceiling was all torn apart. Maybe they were remodeling or fixing the plumbing but the whole place looked like something from WW2 in france. The rooms are very small and our air conditioner wasn't  working very well, so it was probably around 85 the whole time. The parking sucks also. If you want to self park, you have to go across the street the "Plaza" parking structure across the street. Not to mention that Fremont Street is the sleaziest part of vegas with hookers all over and bums coming up to you to panhandle or sell you crack. It is funny because I stayed at circus circus and it was the same price and way way nicer. I would advise everyone to stay away from this place.
4	Golden Gate was the first casino in "Old Vegas" that I've paid a visit too and was glad I did. I was expecting the worst and think I got the best. It wasn't the biggest or most flashy place but I loved the cozy feel to it. Perfect if you're "ballin' on a budget." My group was in town for a bachelor party and had a hookup through a friend at GG. We were greeted at the door by our own hostess and a pit boss. The pit boss gave us the lay of the land along with $25 in free play for every guy in the party. We had our own black jack tables roped off for the group. The dealers were all females, and mostly pretty hot ones. They would rotate between dancing between all the tables and dealing the table games. The combination of their dancing and revealing outfits was a welcome distraction between hands. The drink service was quick...maybe too quick. The only knock was that the drink lady was not as young and hot as the dealers, but that is OK. I'd rather have the talent facing me constantly than walking behind me delivering a cocktail every 10-15 minutes. Overall the GG was a cool experience for a night away from new Vegas and wouldn't mind going back for more $3 min tables in the future.
5	What a gem!  I love coming to the Golden Gate.  I came here recently on a bachelor party trip with many friends.  We were greeted at the door by two of the casino hosts.  Their generosity and attention to us made the whole experience special.We were given 2 private blackjack tables for the group.  The dealers were younger women who double as dancers on small stages in between the rows of tables.  All very nice, fast moving, and easy to look at.  The dancing dealer thing has become the norm on and around the Strip.The ambience in the place is great.  Obviously, the properties on Fremont St. are no where near the scale of the Strip, but the coziness factor plays a big part in old Vegas.  Over the years, the GG has done some renovations to spruce the place up, but the old feel still remains intact.  Don't come to old Vegas wanting to see grand, picturesque structures.Unfortunately, most in the group came away giving money to the casino, but that's ok.  We had a remarkable time that we won't forget.  The people, the comfort, and the ambience really made it a great time.  If you make the trip to old Vegas, i highly recommend spending your $ at the GG.
4	2 words SHRIMP COCKTAIL.YUMMYworth making the trip downtown
4	Tiny smoky casino with the best bargain shrimp cocktail at $1.99. It used to be 99 cents (just to show you how long I've been living here). There are different kinds of cocktails, BTW. The bigger shrimp ones seem to be a little watery. The sandwiches (turkey, pastrami) are pretty good here too (about $6.00). Lines can be long, but it seems to go fast, though. Seating can get crowded at times. Sometimes there is live entertainment at the piano, which is really nice. Tiny bar across the way, a few table games, bathrooms are across the tables, the cashier cage is close to the bathrooms, and the machines are in front of the casino. Along the walls are vintage framed prints of San Francisco.
4	This place is the best. Yes, its small. Yes, the rooms are small, but what do you expect? Its like a hundred years old, people were much shorter and thinner back then. The rooms are really nice. Really clean too. Ok, so the bathrooms look like they haven't been renovated since 1973, but those dedicated cleaning ladies still make the chrome shine! Don't forget that when this hotel was built there wasn't indoor plumbing, and most people don't have Bellagio-style bathrooms in their houses so, what's the big deal? Do you really want to spend a week showering in a gorgeous bathroom only to return home to your average suburban shitter that requires handle jiggling? The bathrooms at Bellagio would literally laugh at most American bathrooms. The elevator smelled like lemon Pledge but its all wood interior was really really shiny. That means its clean! And yes, there are hookers around late at night. But if you seriously think there are no hookers at the Strip resorts you are sadly mistaken. The ones on the Strip just cost more and dress better, still skanky but more expensive and better looking.  And for the people who complain about the parking garage across the street, three words -  FREE VALET, DUMMIES! Why would you park in a garage when you could valet, onsite, for free? The diner located inside the hotel is ok if you stick with traditional diner food, don't try to order anything fancy like fettuccine alfredo cause its just gross.
4	Do yourself a favor and walk to the back/right of the casino to the lunch line.  Order a $1.99 shrimp cocktail or two and ask for the cocktail sauce on the side.  Totally awesome.
5	This hotel is amazing for the price- $19.65! You can't beat that deal! It's clean  and cozy. The rooms are kinda small but definitely worth $19.65.  Highly recommend this hotel- it has no bells and whistles meaning a gym or pool but if you ate looking for a great cheap clean room- Definitely check this place out!The shrimp cocktail is great too-$3!There are dancers that ate dealers that look like strippers...cheesy but entertaining!
5	Loved the time I had at this old downtown casino! The smoke didn't bother me because you are in Vegas baby!!! Also the shrimp cocktail was great. Sat at the bar nearby to grab a Guinness that was perfectly poured by Curly. Also met some nice people who gave me some great tips on how to earn comps for all the best freebies Vegas has to offer. Plus the dancers were beautiful, Curly told me there are too many of them to look at lol, but I would have to say my favorite was the one wearing the glasses. She was my favorite out of the others, maybe next time I should "try" to play a few hands of blackjack with them. Btw I only played about $5 on the video poker machine at 25 cents a hand and came up to quadruple my money a few times :D
4	Again, on a budget it's perfect, and as a slice if history it's a lovely hotel. The only real drawback is the distance to the strip. Whilst there are always taxis outside it's going to cost you at least $20 to get to the strip, even if it's only a 10 minute drive. You're well served with local bus services though, the Duece and the express are both five minutes away, although you have to drive through downtown Vegas before you get to the strip, which gives you a sobering reminder of what Sin City can do to people. I couldn't  bring myself to try the famous shrimp cocktail, I don't mean to be a baby or anything, it just looks so unappetising.
4	New image, new attitude = success!  Believe it.  The oldest hotel in Downtown LV is also the most happening!   I have not seen or stayed the rooms, so this is based on the casino alone.  Go-go dancers shaking their money makers on poles in the casino. Check.$2 shrimp cocktail - voted one of the Best Values in LV.   check.Management dressing like prohibition gangsters with hats.   check.  Cheap drinks and low limit tables.  check.  If you want to gamble and drink in Downtown Las Vegas, this is the place to be at.
5	I just love a casino I can stroll into anytime, day or night, and get a choice of $5 blackjack tables to play on, whether I want the table all to myself, or an empty spot on a near-full table.  Especially after drinking a little too much daiquiri at La Bayou, right next door, since blackjack doesn't require an excess of sobriety (unless you are from MIT, or one of the losers who come to Vegas to try and actually make money).   I respect this place for its history, being over 100 years old, and the oldest in Vegas.  The inside of the casino is not nearly as shabby and run-down as many other downtown casinos, and the people are friendly, but not overly fake.  I also like the 24 hour restaurant on the side, as it is my favorite downtown restaurant, loaded with diner food for handling the excesses of alcohol consumption.  And no trip to Fremont Street is complete without one of their dirt cheap shrimp cocktails from the back of the casino.  I have stayed in the hotel in the past, partly out of respect, and partly out of curiosity.  It is definitely a 100 year old hotel, and not overly luxurious, but I found the room to be comfortable and quiet, and well worth looking into if you are on a budget and only need a place to recover between binges.
4	Inexpensive place with historic aura and unique view.  Upon check-in, they offered a choice of rooms - very courteous, since I got a steal from Priceline.  I took a second floor facing Fremont St Experience.  Room was not much bigger than its queen sized bed, but clean and comfortable and attractive enough, with windows opening onto the shows and crowds below.  It kind of felt like a box suite at a concert:  If you want to enjoy the show (and the audience) from a slight distance, this is for you.  The hotel gave ear plugs, but they weren't needed.  Steady sound in the evenings, but it was pleasant white noise, easy to disregard when reading. Fremont hibernated at 2am on Saturday, and didn't rev up again until after I woke.Saturday night's table action was jumping, with a younger, hipper vibe than elsewhere downtown.  Go-go dancers are eye candy close enough to make you wonder if they're genuinely enjoying their role; the titillation-vs.-guilt balance went back ... and forth ... and back ... and forth ... hmmm.
2	If you like paper thin walls, then this is your place!  If you like nasty breakfasts that can't even do eggs and hashbrowns right, then dive on in!  (Their restaurant used to be AWESOME until they leased it out to DuPar's.  DuPar's is a slip shod tourist-trap slop house prevalent in Los Angeles, and they brought their crappy recipes across the Cal-Nev border.  It's too bad because the coffee shop in the Golden Gate used to be one of those "where the locals go to eat")Really pay attention to this warning about the paper thin walls, because the hotel is directly adjacent to the FREMONT EXPERIENCE, which has live bands playing good music out in the street throughout the night ('til 2 a.m. on Saturday!)  Well guess what?  You're going to basically be in the front row for every concert if you choose to stay there.  I exaggerate not, you can CLEARLY hear the music in the hallways; let alone the room.  The people were very friendly, the rooms were clean and re-done pretty well; and that, along with no major health violations is what saved this place from being a 1-star.  If you're like me and cheap as hell, then just go two blocks down, and there's 4-5 hotels with the same price, and much better rooms.  Remember that the Golden Gate is in downtown Las Vegas, and not the strip.  I don't mind the fact that downtown is a bit seedy; as opposed to the glamour and glitzy lights down at the strip.  I just want rooms that can block out the noise.  Lucky for me no one was "doing the do" in the rooms next door, or I might have had to pay a cover charge for the audio show!  I did hear numerous conversations though, and they were clear as a bell. There's "quaint", there's "rustic", there's "character", but the Golden Gate hotel hasn't any of these qualities....It's just old and outdated with wafer thin walls.  Avoid this.  There are TONS of other hotels nearby with the same price, and better walls.
4	finally tried a room(2 nights).  this building is a landmark; over 100yrs old.  they had the 1st phone in vegas. very vintage, of course.  room reminded me of a hostel room.  very comfy.  comfy bed.  dug the bigscreen & mp3 capable clock radio.  shower ok(hot water not reliable).  2 nights free; pays to have a player's card at the golden gate.  currently it's 1 of the least expensive hotel rooms on vegas.comabout $40, which is fair for what you get at such a primo location.  wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  at first i was worried the loud fremont experience party outside would keep me up late--the noise stops at 1am, which is fair.  slots untight.  funnest casino after 6pm--love sexy go go dancers & modern tunes.  acceptable drink service
4	I have recently become a fan of staying in Down town las vegas.I'ts cheaper and now im  30ish something I don't need the strip so much any more. But this place I love! The $1.99 cent shrimp cocktail cant be beat! It's supper yummy, and I got the bowl of split pea and that was great too! The line moves fast and prices are cheap.  The casino part is kinda run down,  some of the people are scary here, and they don't have my game pai gow poker, but what ever I still like it and love the history of it being the first casino.
4	2 words - Shrimp cocktail and two more...2 bucks...
5	I'm a huge fan. From my very first trip to Freemont street I've made a point of visiting Golden Gate every time. Here are few reason: 1.) $5 Blackjack tables with lovely ladies dancing and dealing2.) The dealers are all VERY friendly (which is sadly not always the case and when they're not nice I typically lose money- call me superstitious but that's how it's always worked out for me). 3.) The music is good! 4.) The beers are CHEAP5.) The staff is surprisingly consistent. Allow me to elaborate on #5- I take quick trips to Vegas a few times a year. Each trip I've made in the past 2 years- since discovering Golden Gate- the same people have been working. What's even better- they remembered my fiance and I every time we've gone back. It gives Golden Gate that extra something that most places in Vegas lack- familiarity. They made us feel extremely welcome, and for that we keep coming back! Also- we've been pretty lucky here, that may have a lot to do with our visits! Don't expect the glitz and glamor you see on the strip. This place is far from that, but that's what makes it so charming. It's old school Vegas at its finest, and I absolutely love this place!
5	Shut the front door, haters! $1.99 shrimp cocktails!  For that kind of money there will be some iffy's, but overall, they are AWESOME!
5	This is a review of the casino only - i didnt stay at the hotel.Crew and pitboss were very friendly and accomodating.  I came here specifically for the inexpensive cost of entry for many of the table games and then got on one of the hottest rolls I have had in Vegas.You will need to enjoy old school vegas to appreciate the charm. I will definately come back the next time I am in town.
4	All about the Shrimp Cocktails here!  The Shrimp Cocktails at the Golden Gate is one of the few reasons I come to the Fremont Experience.  I love coming here late at night after having a few drinks and grubbing on the $1.99 Shrimp Cocktails to bring my drunken body back up to speed.  I'm not a fan of the casino itself as it is quite small and always CROWDED around the times I cruise through (9p-2a).  Nonetheless, always good to stop in and get my Shrimp Cocktail fix before heading on home.
3	Oldest casino in Vegas. Love the name b/c I love San Francisco. Love the shrimp. The vibe isn't one for me, but it's great to observe and get your shrimp on.
4	It's cheap. It's historic and the staff is nice. Sure the rooms are small and a bit out dated but it has it's own charm. The bar in the casino is cheap and a great place to hang out and have some drinks. The diner has killer pancakes and they also have the best shrimp cocktails in Vegas (in my opinion). I always stay here when I do a trip to downtown.I have been coming here for years. I am a fan. You should be too.
4	I returned to gamble at the golden gate on 7/9 and 7/10. That saturday I played the slot machines and had no luck but i partyed with dancing go-go dancers and they have a outside bar where you can get frozen drinks. On saturday I played the $5 blackjack tables and won 85 bucks and the music is clubish not old time music anymore there. I would gamble there again but i found the slots are harder to win  at all the casinos in LV
4	We chose to stay here for one night on a Tuesday because we got a midweek deal of $20.  We were only going to be in town for about 12 hours before heading out to the Grand Canyon and didn't really care about the condition of our hotel.That said, this hotel really surprised me!  In a good way!It is located at one end of the huge video screen above Fremont Street.  If you are wanting to stay in the heart of old downtown, you can't beat it.  And I recommend one night on Fremont Street to anyone visiting Vegas.Negatives:1.  This is a pretty decent bus/cab trip away from the strip.  Do not stay here is you expect to spend most of your time there.2.  General atmosphere of the hotel is that it is a little aged, but in a cool way... kind of like your 90 year old uncle that still tells dirty jokes and ogles the waitress.3.  If you get a room overlooking Fremont Street, you will get a great view of the video screen and anything going on below.  BUT, remember this is Vegas and there will be noisy partying going on outside of your window until 3am.  Positives:1.  The rooms have been recently remodeled with brand-new furnishings and are huge!  The bathrooms are only ok.  But overall, I was pleasantly surprised with the room.2.  Location on Fremont Street.  No more than 5 minute walk to any of the decadence of Vegas.3.  Parking-  Must valet, but it is free as long as you are staying in the hotel.  4.  Du-Par's Diner-  There is the snack bar (where the cheap shrimp are) and the diner inside the casino.  Diner is 24-hour and has fantastic food!
5	I just love the Golden Gate. This place is for all of us who think the Strip is a bit too flashy. Its a hole in the wall casino with a couple craps tables, ten or so blackjack tables, and a small section of slots. At night it gets to be a lot of fun with the cheap limits on the tables and go-go girls. I was here with three friends and we definitely let ourselves get drawn into their game (you know the one where they fake flirt with the customers in order to get you to stick around and drop more money gambling), but didn't mind cause we were having drinks on the house and its Vegas so you should enjoy the cheesy things in life like faux-flirting go-go girls!The Pit bosses were also very nice and would come around and ask if everything was alright and made sure we were having a good time.
5	5 + Stars for the Golden Gate. By far, my favorite casino to gamble at downtown.This is an intermate casino offering less than twenty tables.It is on the older side and you just know it belongs to old school Las Vegas.I spent 5 hours here playing blackjack. I started at 3PM and finished around 8. The dealers change over around 6 to dancer/dealers in very little clothing. I will say aside from the clothing they were all friendly, helpful and down to make sure all had a good time. The cocktail waitresses make the rounds oftened enough that your never wanting a drink (although I suggest you order bottled beer as I know the liquor is water down like no one's business).They also have a great little deli in back with 99 shrimp cocktail and really great sandwiches.Love you golden gate!!!
2	I was there from August 6th to 9th.Good points - Nice antique atmosphere, the hotel still looks vintage 1905, but with a few modern amenities.Located right on Fremont street, the Experience is right out the front door.The room was clean, with plenty of towels and toiletries.Everyone was praising the shrimp cocktail that was being offered for $1.99Bad points - The walls are very thin, so one can hear every note, and intonation that is happening down at the Experience.Every morning, my room would fill with cigarette smoke from my neighbors.The room was very small, and only had a full sized bed. Noting that I am 6'4", my feet hung over the end of the bed.There was no desk available in the room. I was supposed to right some reports, after work, and there was nothing to put my laptop on.The TV only had about 10 channels, and some of those are Spanish speaking only.The water pressure in the shower was horrible, barely more than a trickle, with both valves full open.The water temperature in the shower varied widely quickly, any time anyone in the whole hotel flushed their toilet, the shower temperature went really hot, and then quickly really cold.The curtains did not close well, and left a noticeable gap, that would let in a lot of sunshine. Note, I was working third shift (11 PM to about 3 AM), so I was trying to sleep during the day.The A.C. in the room was way underpowered, the room was very warm during the afternoon (early August), room only comfortable in early mornings.There is a charge to use Wireless internet in the rooms.
4	Four stars only because the rooms are impossibly small & the building is very old, otherwise, I had a good time! The restaurant is amazing (perfect fries) & everyone that works there is so nice! Being right on Fremont street really rocked! Don't go here if you want to sleep at night though haha
4	I came here today to have breakfast at Du-Pars.  It has been years since I've been in this small joint (fondly stated)!  There is so much history on the walls with the photographs of San Francisco.  But, what I really liked were the local mementos--a replica of an original 1907 Kellogg telephone that was in the Golden Gate when it was the Hotel Nevada and had the telephone number of 1.  Near the replica phone is an original guest book for the hotel dated 1906-1908.  What a wonderful piece of history!  There are some photos also of more modern interest.  Check the south wall as you head toward Du-Pars from the table games area and see the photo of  Marg Helgenberger when she was on Fremont Street filming CSI.I have to go back and take some more time to see the photos and enjoy the history of the place.  I also need to try their shrimp cocktail just because!
5	my favorite casino.  here's why:  best players card rewards, outstanding restaurant, fun table games, good selection of reasonably loose slots, good drink service, perfect fun/exciting vibe when the hot female dealers are go go dancing to rap music & antiquus rooms & environment .  makes me feel legit old school
4	NOT A HOTEL REVIEWThe bar is awesome! The drinks are super duper cheap and tasty and the bartenders are on it! They have awesome go go dancers, ok well some were awesome...not all. So if you don't like to gamble it gives you something to watch and the ones that aren't good dancers are even more entertaining!Although I didn't get it or try it they have a huge sundae bowl of shrimp cocktail for $3.99. I guess the price varies? I've read $1.99 and $2.99 but I was there on a really busy weekend so that may be the case. I heard it was good though and probably one of the cheapest things you'll buy in Vegas so if you like shrimp go get it!It is one of the first hotels in Vegas so there's a lot of history there if you are a history buff like I am! If you are going to Freemont check this place out!
4	If you have simple tastes and aren't all about the material lifestyle then look no further than the Golden Gate. Now this is a personal favorite of mine if staying in downtown. I've stayed here many times when I had Tuesday and Wednesday nights off. The prices are under 30 bucks a night and the rooms have been remodeled. The beds are easily the best in downtown and they even have a flat screen in every room. If you like good food 24hrs a day they have a deli that makes great sandwiches, nachos, shrimp cocktails, etc.The casino is super small but in a good way. Everyone is very friendly, the tables are cheap, and the bar is the highlight of the casino. It has a couple very large TVs that are great for watching the game. I think the addition of the dancers for the late night scene seems kind of overboard for a place like this. All in all I love the Golden Gate but I still am very reluctant to recommend this place because not everyone has my same taste.  **Warning**- The room and bathroom are nice but are super small!!!Example- The bathroom door can't close if you are already on the toilet..LOL...Don't ask!!
1	We stayed at the Golden Gate for Halloween. I had a decent experience the first time, a few years ago. This round was slightly less impressive. The room was hot during the day and freezing at night. After two consecutive nights of the heater not working and mornings with runny noses, I called down to the front desk. I explained that neither the air conditioning nor the heat was working in our room. Much to my surpirse, I was told that neither the air NOR the heat was activated in ANY of the rooms. Furthermore, it would NOT be. I explained that the room was stifling during the day and bitterly cold at night. "Sorry. We can bring you another blanket." We were able to tolerate the incredibly loud noise directly below from Fremont (and that is on any given day, holiday or not), but to not give a paying customer the option for warmth? Last, but not least...the shower would consistently turn scalding in a split second. For the duration of a five minute shower, I was scalded six times. Unacceptable all around.
4	Very nice room, easy to find, free valet, they extended checkout to 1:00 at no charge.EXTREMELY LOUD, but when all you need is a place to crash, who cares?!
4	Very fun place to play blackjack. The (nighttime) dealers are gorgeous young women. They wear go-go outfits, which amount to not much, and take turns dancing on platforms behind the tables. Word of warning: If you're a serious gambler, go elsewhere. These women are not hired for their math skills. Did not stay there, so I can't speak for the hotel.
4	Awesome location at the beginning of Fremont Street Experience.I checked in at 5:30pm on a Friday and was given a smoking room instead of the non-smoking room I requested. Not a big deal, but thankfully, the room itself didn't smell all that smoky.I had room 249 on the second floor...it was literally five steps from the elevator. The room was indeed small, BUT nicely renovated with goodies such as a flat-screen HDTV, comfortable pillow top bedding, and a Keurig coffee maker (they sell the actual K-Cups from the honor basket for about a $1.50 each, not bad!). The room faced Main Street and the Plaza.I love the hotel key...it's one of the most unique keys I've ever seen...it looks more like a USB drive.The joint itself is pretty small anyway, so it's pretty easy to get to where you need to be.Tried the Shrimp Cocktail...not too shabby. Had a couple of them while playing nickel slots with the free play I got by joining the Player's Club.Oh, and did I mention CHEAP table games? $5 BlackJack that pays 3:2!
4	The restaurant there is awesome. Nice cafe with great food. I had the turkey eggs Benedict and it was the best I've ever had. Slots are tighter than a well diggers ass tho. Stay away from them.
5	I absolutely fucking loved this place. Didn't stay at the hotel but visited the Casino on a few of our trips down to Fremont street. Awesome, laid-back, casual vibe (as has been stated before, serious gamblers should probably look elsewhere). Loved the cheaper tables, the dealers were extremely friends (as well as easy on the eyes), probably my favorite casino visited on the entire trip (rating adjusted appropriately for amount of alcohol in my system at time of visit).
1	Every time I write a negative review it gets flagged and removed  - so beware of all the positive reviews about this place.In brief, the Golden Gate has a great history, but is absolutely filthy and disgusting. The only good thing is the pancakes sold at DuPars - really, that's the ONLY good thing about this dive. I could say ALOT more specifics about the girls in the fringed outfits or the rude service or the low payouts or the overall grossness of the place, but then I'd jsut be flagged and removed again.
5	In a place like Las Vegas, where drastic changes are made to the city on an almost daily basis, the Golden Gate Hotel & Casino is a welcome breath of fresh air. To be fair, the property has made changes of its own: A smoothie bar at the casino entrances, beautiful dancing girls who double as dealers, the Dupar's restaurant, the snack bar (currently under renovation), and a tower with an expansion of new accommodations. These new additions are welcome improvements to the historic Golden Gate, opened in 1906. The historic flavor is precisely what makes this hotel and casino really unique. The casino floor is the perfect size, neither constricted, nor cavernous. It contains an ample supply and variety of slot machines, which allow wagers to begin as low as one penny. The bar is always hopping with guests playing video poker, and the casino has two crap tables and many fun games like roulette, blackjack, and let it ride. The GGHC is a blast, even on weeknights. The whole atmosphere transforms from historic, to a fun and exciting nightclub, like one giant party, complete with dance music, and beautiful dancing girls on raised stages inside the gambling pit. My trip to Vegas is not complete without gambling, and eating an outstanding prime rib dinner at the Golden Gate Hotel and Casino, located at 1 Fremont Street, Downtown. Visit today, and don't forget to sign up for the 1906 Club. You can use your 1906 Club Card to accumulate points, and earn bonus rewards while gambling.
5	This review is not for the hotel but for their famous shrimp cocktails! My fellow yelper Tannille P. introduced this place to me a few years ago while staying in Downtown, Las Vegas. It is the perfect anytime snack or meal. For about $2, you get a glass full of chilled bay shrimp (or big shrimp for $3 if you want) and the most awesome cocktail sauce. It used to only be 99 cents but $2 is still a pretty darn good deal. I remember there used to be an area in the back, kinda like a lunch line, where you could order it. Now, you have to order them at their restaurant Du-Pars. The hotel itself isn't the prettiest, and even looks a bit sketchy, don't let that deter you. Trust me, you won't regret it!
5	This is for the famous shrimp cocktail...Have been going to the GG for shrimp cocktail for years and years.  It's always the same... great.  The shrimps aren't huge, but this is by far the best cocktail sauce.  The perfect combination of cold shrimp, cold sauce, a squeeze of lemon, and some crackers  for the dippin'.  At $1.99... this is a no brainer.  You can't go downtown without going for the Golden Gate shrimp cocktail.  And their homemade potato chips are pretty damn good too.  Play a little in the pit and the pit bosses will happily give you coupons for the shrimp.  ENJOY!
5	One of our MUST stop on every trip to Vegas!! Great historical spot. Gambling is more fun here than any spot downtown.  Even my 90 year old parents got a kick out of the dancers. Best shrimp cocktails and bar in town!!We chose not to stay here. The rooms are turn of the century....and show the wear, so, we stay at the Nugget and party at the GG!!
2	A lot of people are shocked when they find out about my past. Today, I make a lot of money(not trying to brag)and I live my life with integrity and honor. So, it really shocks people when they find out that a few years ago I was a street-urchin who made a dishonest living and lived full-time at the "Golden Gate Hotel". Back in my darker days, the Golden Gate was the best place to live if you were trying to hide your tracks, keep a low profile, yet stay in a safe environment. It used to only cost $17 a night to stay here. The rooms were very clean and comfortable, and there was 24 hour security. I lived in room 412 for weeks at a time before they would force me to check out. This hotel had a policy that you could not spend more than 2 weeks in one room. Usually, I would check out for a day and then recheck in. The front desk staff was always scratching my back on account of me being such a big tipper. They would always put me right back into room 412 where I would have a perfect view of Main Street. Even though my life back then was very difficult and stressful, in my dearest memories I will always remember the hotel as being my first home in Las Vegas.  These days when I return, everything has changed.I used to go down to the "Bay City Diner" every morning for coffee and breakfast. The bill would usually come out to under $6.00, but now the place is gone and they replaced it with those generic "DuPars" places that you find all over San Diego. Now, the price of coffee is like $100(not literally but you get the idea).The Shrimp Bar is gone as well. There are no more 99cent Shrimp cocktails anymore. Now they raised the price to $2.00 and you still get the same bad service as you did back when it was 99cents. If they were gonna raise prices, they could have at least made the service better.  The dancing dealers are not hot anymore. I liked it back in the days when they used to only have 5 dancing dealers, but they were all hot. Now, they got like 50, but none of them are much to speak of. They got this psycho female security guard who talks sh!t on you for every little thing you do. If you are playing blackjack and having fun, whatever you do, don't scream or yell in excitement if you win a big hand because she might come over to you and say: "Tell me I didn't just catch you trying to have a good time? You can't do that here!!" then she might beat you with her nightstick. I really hate how things change so quickly in Vegas.
3	Went here to try one of their shrimp cocktails, last I read it was $1.99 but I guess the price just increased and it is now $2.99.  Still a great deal for what you get.  Shrimp were fresh, sauce was good and a little spicy.  I'm sure they get people all day long who just want the shrimp cocktail so the service was speedy and good.  For $2.99 it's worth a stop.
4	For one of the oldest casinos, this establishment is one of the best in service.  The housekeeping did a fantastic job during my stay.  They even went as far as to put my "balloon hat" under the covers, waiting for me to return, one day.  Room was kept clean. The guest service representatives were very friendly and helpful with any of my requests (reliable cab services, lost room keys, etc).  The bartender, Curly, was top notch.  The casino was kept super clean, even with its vintage decor.  They were currently undergoing renovations and I can't wait to go back once it is completed to see what they have done with the place.
5	I've been to a lot of the downtown Las Vegas Casinos and this one is the most fun (after 6 p.m.).  Every day after 6 p.m., they bring out go-go dancing Black Jack dealers.  The dealers all rotate between dealing cards and go-go dancing on platforms in the pit.  The dealers are also very friendly and helpful to players needing advice on basic strategy.  From what I have seen, there advice is 100% solid for basic strategy players.  The drink service is excellent and even the Pit Bosses are friendly and helpful.  This is definitely my favorite place to play Blackjack downtown.
5	My husband usually visits the Golden Gate with his guy friends. He convinced me to leave the strip one night and visit GG! We had the best time! I couldn't lose at the blackjack table. I love the dealer/dancers...they make the whole experience super fun. These girls are smart, beautiful and fun. The pitbosses were also friendly and helpful. The bar service is top notch...I always had a full drink. I'll be back to try the shrimp cocktail!! This place was so much fun...I'd consider staying here next time I come to LV. Kudos to the management of the GG...you have truly created a fun-filled atmosphere!!
4	Booked a Sunday night stay November 2011 to squeeze in a night downtown. Wow, this place rocks! There is no better place to kick it old school Vegas than in the oldest hotel and at a sub $25/nt rate with no resort fee. This place is reminiscent of a shore boarding house with small rooms, tight bathrooms and short entrance ways. Was given a room with a queen bed. Room was nicely renovated with new furnishings and bath lovingly restored. I had a widow that opened to the alleyway. It was pretty quiet but I left the window open and was awoke by the trash collection. It sounded like they were filming a Transformers battle scene until the window was closed.Staff was friendly and check in/out a breeze. Casino is full of nostalgia as well. Go-Go girl dealers are a nice touch. There was construction going on for a major renovation coming in 2013-14? to include additional gaming and rooms. Parking valet was 1/2 block from check-in, passed the renovation site but a quick walk.Look forward to staying again once the renovations are completed.
5	I don't gamble, and I don't really know what I'm doing so my dad took me here to teach me blackjack at a $5 table.  The dealers are all go-go dancers in bikinis, and they were generally really helpful and patient with us.  Drink service was pretty good too.  Unfortunately our girl Victoria was relieved by another dealer who was not at all friendly so we left.  The "famous" $1.99 shrimp cocktail counter is now closed but Du-par's sells them for $3.
5	I've been going to the Golden Gate for years now for their amazing shrimp cocktails. It's been some time since my last visit and in that time they've renovated and added a whole new bank of rooms. Last night we were on Fremont for the Yelp Night of the Living Neon party and part of our passport was that if we took a tour of the new rooms we would receive a $25 match play. We entered the casino and our group was congregated around a slot machine that a friend of ours was playing. A casino host walked up and I figured for sure he was going to ask us to disperse. Boy was I wrong! He came up got us set up with players card and free shrimp cocktails in the new restaurant. For those of you that don't know there used to be a deli at the back of the casino that has now been removed and replaced by Du-Pars. Even beyond that he gave us each his card and said that when we return in the future to give him a call personally and that he can get us set up with whatever we need and want. Denise the gal that set us up with our players cards was extremely patient and amazing! Du-Pars was awesome our server was great, the shrimp cocktails are still the same great "all killer no filler" versions and I enjoyed the most amazing piece of strawberry cream cheese pie. Talk about OM NOM NOM's!Now on to the tour, we walk down to the new hotel check in (which was gorgeous by the way) and wait to be set up. As we're waiting Mr. Steven (the awesome host) came and gave us our match play tokens and waited with us before the tour. To our surprise we were given our tour by the President of Golden Gate hotel. NEVER in my years of visiting/living in vegas have i EVER met someone of that caliber. It was awesome! He gave us a 5 star tour and answered every question we had. He even went so far as to ask us our opinions and received them graciously. The new rooms are gorgeous and totally worth the money, I will be keeping Golden Gate in mind for future stays on Fremont. The new renovations and decor is on point and the hotel/casino still has that vintage Vegas feel which i'm completely in love with. Great job Golden Gate for bringing your property into the modern day while not losing your roots!
2	OK, the remodel of the gaming floor area is nice, but to close the shrimp bar was a complete slap in the face of history.  Dupars is too busy and expensive to make people feel comfortable just going for a shrimp cocktail.
5	Wow!  A Casino that is Eco-Friendly & Environmentally Responsible!SITREPThere have been a lot of things I've enjoyed about "Downtown Vegas" (aka Old School Vegas) over "The Strip", and that's the real down-to-earth gritty fun that Vegas still inspires here that is not QUITE as touristy (relatively speaking of course!)SETUPDowntown Vegas has the charm of what Vegas used to be, and if there is ANY Hotel & Casino complex that evidences better than any, it is The Golden Gate Hotel & Casino.  Right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience, the Golden Gate is awesomely positioned to bring you in and make your theirs.YELP CONNECTIONNow to be honest, I probably would not have found my way to The Golden Gate if it had not been the Yelp-Connection this past weekend with our Yelp Convention.  But since Golden Gate was a featured sponsor, this allowed me to come to their establishment and receive some pretty sweet V.I.P. treatment!CASINOWhat an amazing Casino set-up too!  What bumps this ground floor up right away is the "Rockin" environment with Go-Go girls dancing interspersed on boxes between the players tables.  It really makes for a "high energy" and exciting environment, even just for gawkers like me!TOURBut I want to give a special shout-out especially to Golden Gate's stalwart gracious hosts - Steven and Barbara - who treated our Sacramento and Seattle peeps to an amazing time.  From the drink specials that we started off first with to the private tour of their upgraded facilities - an incredible set-up taking advantage of geothermal and ecofriendly construction.  This was amazing and I added pictures to this business album so you could see what one of their standard rooms looks like.THE LOWDOWNAnd on that note, I look forward spending my NEXT stay at the Golden Gate when I come visit Las Vegas again!
4	So as a disclaimer, I didn't actually stay here. Nor did I game except for a celebratory pull at an oddly confusing slot machine. I was here for the Yelp Spring Break bar crawl, and the promise of $2 frozen Long Islands (basically Coke slushies, but you know what, those are damn good) from pretty girls who looked unusually happy about their jobs lured me and a few others away from the pack.As soon as we got our drinks we were approached by the hotel manager, who offered to give us a tour of the new suites before they opened. This was notable because every other property on the bar crawl had completely ignored us, so we were quite happy to take her up on her offer. On the way we got to see some interesting artifacts from the casino's history - the first telephone in Vegas, bottles left in the attic in 1906 from drunk workmen - and learn that the elevators are used to generate energy on their way down, which is both eco-friendly AND really neat. The new suites were beautiful and extremely reasonably priced, and surprisingly quiet considering the location on the bustling corner of Fremont. Back down in the lobby we got to enter a drawing for two free nights at one of the new suites (which one of my friends won!) and approached by their casino floor hospitality manager who chatted us up and gave us his card, but definitely seemed like he enjoyed the conversation and wasn't just trying to sell the property. The Golden Gate seems like a friendly, well-run casino and if I ever stay downtown that's where I'll be!
4	Well, well.You know how you expect one thing and then you get something way better?As part of the Yelp event, we went on a tour of the remodel and it was really really nice. No, not just 'nice for downtown' but really nice.The girls at the front go-go'ing and slinging slushy drinks were also fantastic. Hot? you bet, and nice to boot.  Go-Go dancers in the middle of the pits? Yup. And hot and good ones too.Nice, knowledgeable and slightly sardonic casino host? Check.Inexpensive fun drinks? Check.Slots? Tables? Check.I'll definitely be back when I'm downtown, it's my new go-to spot!
4	I casino hopped a bit on Fremont St. this past week in search of good gaming and Golden Gate was my favorite.  Not only was the Pai Gow $5 (which lets me play for a lot longer before I run out my daily gambling budget) but they had the best Pai Gow dealers of anywhere I visited this week.  One in particular, I'm trying to remember her name, I think it was Maya or something similar, really had a fun personality.  The pit boss was also super nice and spent a lot of time helping my honey with his first games.  They were nice to the noob college kids at the table who made rookie faux pas and corrected them very gently, which I appreciate since I'm pretty new to table games myself and hate it when they act like everyone should already know the etiquette which isn't actually posted anywhere.  But I digress.Plus, they have a Du-par's!  I didn't even know Du-par's existed anymore!  I grew up near the one in Thousand Oaks, CA that is no longer there anymore and have many fond memories of breakfasts there with my grandparents who are no longer with us.  It sure was a blast from the past eating there!I don't know if I'd stay there, I don't know anything about the rooms, but I will definitely be Pai-gowing here on my next visit!  If they had electronic craps too they'd be perfect :)
5	Casino review only:This is my favorite place in all of Las Vegas to gamble, a fun atmosphere, nice low table limits, great and fast cocktail service. On top of all this is that the owner of the Casino frequently mills about the casino floor and actually takes the time to talk to his patrons. My only complaint is the continuous shuffle machines used on the blackjack tables.  Other than that, awesome place!!!!
4	We were very pleased with our stay this past weekend. I've gambled here several times in the past and didn't realize it was a hotel as well. They also recently remodeled and we capitalized on 2 free nights offered to players club members to check it out. No restrictions on this deal, so Thurs and Friday were free, and we paid for Saturday, at only $45!! For this price, the Golden Gate is a great deal. It is a very old hotel, operating since the turn of the century, but I think that's one of its charms, and this goes for most of downtown LV. There's just something so gorgeous about the character of the hotels here, and you will see such impressive architecture, something you will not find amidst the gaudiness and tackiness of the strip. Our room was very small, but you could tell it was updated and they have flat screen tv's. I think our room was probably one of the smaller ones. The hallway was narrow and a bit Shining-esque creepy, with old doors made of real mahogany which you could tell were old by how narrow they were to accommodate likely smaller frames back in the day, and how thick and sturdy the wood is. I recommend staying here if you are looking for a deal, are interested in the charms of downtown, and aren't too picky when it comes to staying somewhere that isn't spacious and modern. You have to be able to appreciate what this hotel is, and appreciate its retro chic style. You may have to deal with minor things that make an old building different from new ones (kind of musty smell in the hallways, cramped spaces where the bathroom door hits the toilet as you open it, air conditioning vents that need to be replaced or cleaned because they weren't very cold). The casino is pretty small, and the go go girls double as the blackjack and poker dealers. They are kind of awkward and a little depressing when its 4am, the casino is cleared out, and they are forced to shake it on their little platforms.They have 99 cent shrimp cocktail in the restaurant, and $5 min blackjack tables. Thanks for an awesome weekend Golden Gate!
5	Cheap drinks and gambling! I came up at this casino and the tables were good. I will definitely be back here to gamble next time!
3	This place is a total dive but I had a great time there.  The tables were cheap and all the dealers were friendly.  After the girls take a turn playing dealer they have to get up and dance.
4	$3 shrimp cocktails that are humongous! Served in a big sundae dish. Was super fresh and tasty. Four of us ate at the restaurant just for this then ordered 2 more to split. Totally addicting. Cannot beat this deal. Took a glance at the rest of the menu and was sorry we weren't staying. Old fashioned diner classics like meatloaf, fried chicken as well as a $17 prime rib. Place was packed.Lots of booths and tables as well as counter service.Desserts looked oh too decadent. Had to run fast.Next time in town, I'll definitely eat a full meal here.
1	Casino Only Review: (Post Expansion): When I first moved to Vegas I loved the Golden Gate. Good dancers, attentive bartenders, $2 shrimp cocktails, and kinda loose slot machines made for a fun experience. That was then, my weekend experience was one of NO SERVICE from the bar, dancers that were not really into it and it showed, a boring mix of slot machines that left parts of the casino floor as boring and lifeless as it gets on a Saturday night no less, and overall I wished I had not taken my out of town visitors into the place. If you want a better experience on Fremont Street, your best bet is to keep on walking further East. The Golden Gate may have many "Firsts" to its credit, but it's dead last when it comes to service and being customer friendly on Fremont Street. Summary: IT SUCKS. GO ELSEWHERE. Even playing slots at a 7-11 would be better than this.
4	I've been coming here since I was little for the one and only shrimp cocktail. Stayed here for the first time and was excited to see the renovation.  Rooms were relatively small, BUT you have to remember that this hotel was built in 1906.  High five to nicely decorated upgrades.  The complimentary toiletries are from Bath & Body Works, which I'm a big fan of.  Guests services were really friendly and they're willing to show you their suite incase you would like to come again and stay in a bigger room.  You can't beat the price, even for the weekend it was inexpensive.  I ended up staying an extra night because it was affordable.  One downside to this place is the rude night dealers.  Ya, they're looking cute in their little outfits, but they really have attitude.  All but one that kinda looks like Monica from Friends.  She was cool.
1	**HOTEL REVIEW**Got a free room so wanted to check it out. Asked for an upgrade to one of their newer rooms but was denied. I remember during the Yelp Spring Break we had a tour of the suites and it was really nice so I thought maybe the rooms would be similar. The furnitures in the rooms were new and good, but man.. everything else screamed ghetto. The bathrooms were old and the showers felt like I was at a gym. I had to wear sandals while showering because the floors looks disgusting. It is also very noisy and you can hear everything on the street. We heard sirens, cars honking, people yelling. I will never stay here again, no matter if I have a free room or not.The casino and cheap drinks were cool though.
1	Parking: Valet & Self Parking. Since there is no parking structure, your car will be parked in the sun. Self parking costs $10. If you're staying at the hotel, parking is free. However, the process is a long and tedious one. Once you get your parking voucher, you have to take that to the front desk. From there they write you a pass that you take to the cashier. The cashier will then validate your parking. Check in/ Check out: We arrived on a Thursday afternoon. Even though we were the only ones checking, it took the man a good 5 minutes. Also, he required us to hand him our IDs so that he can make a copy of it and keep it on file. Not really a fan of this... We asked the reason for this and the gentleman explain that it was in the event that we got locked out of our rooms. As for check out, there is no in room check out via the television. You have to physically check out from the front desk. Room:I had visited the Golden Gate's suite during Yelp's Spring Break and was very impressed by the newly updated room. I had hoped that our standard room got a facelift as well during their renovation process. Aside from the new furniture in the bedroom, everything seemed old and run down. The sheets were so rough, I ended up scratching myself the entire night because it was so itchy against my skin. As for the sleep quality, it was terrible! The walls were paper thin. We can hear every single car on Main Street throughout the entire night. And the bathroom... OMG. The shower was so gross. My FI and I literally wore our flip flops into the stand only shower. (imagine the shower at your gym, minus the curtains.)  There is absolutely no counter space where the sink is. Not to mention the bathroom was so small!I would NOT recommend the standard room of this hotel. Take your money next door to the Plaza.
1	My boyfriend and I stayed here for Vegas Bike Fest. I know that this review will sound crazy but it is 100% true - and the management at the hotel can confirm every bit. At check-in, the front desk WAY over charged my credit card and we were told "don't worry it will be fixed by the time you check out" after spending 45 minutes trying to straighten it out. When advised that this was unacceptable, they said they would look further into it. They sent us to a room "with a view of Fremont street" that all we could see was the back of their sign - even after we had specifically requested a view. We spent the next almost 1.5 hours in the room going through bank statements and receipts for them - the girl called our room to let us know that it was fixed (even though it was far from it) and then hung up on me. I spoke with Benton, the manager (he was the BEST part of the hotel) and we got things somewhat straightened out. He offered a complimentary meal at the hotel restanaut for all the issues and time spent. The room was VERY small! The window was cracked and the bathroom is so small that the door hits the toilet when opened - it doesn't even open the whole way. The tile in the shower is cracked and the sink and top of the toilet were dirty. The vents in the room where COVERED in dirt and even had mold on the one in the bathroom. The fire sprinkler in the bathroom was rusted out as well. (I have pictures to prove all of this) Not worth near the amount of money that they are charging. We went out for dinner on Saturday night at 10:45 at DuPar's. That was a MESS to say the least and will be a whole different review! I had the opprotunity to speak with Derick, the owner of the hotel, after dinner and advised him of the issues. He PROMISED that he would contact me the following week and figure out what exactly had gone wrong - it's been almost 2 weeks and I've already spoken with Benton - yet Derick still has not contacted me through the business card that he was given by me in our conversation. We were checking out Sunday morning and I made the mistake of telling my boyfriend "if we can just make it out of here with nothing else, I'll be happy". 20 minutes later, housekeeping walked in the room without knocking and more then 2 hours before check-out time! My boyfriend had JUST gotten dressed! Again, we were speaking with the manager. We have been to Vegas MANY times and never had such a horrible experience at ANY establishment! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! THEY ARE AN ABSOLUTE MESS - BETTER TO PAY A FEW MORE DOLLARS THEN STAY HERE!!!!
4	My friend and I decided to go to Vegas at the last minute and we were looking for the most inexpensive place possible for one night. We got a deal at this hotel for $66/night for a standard room with a queen bed. I can't really complain; we got what we paid for. The room was remodeled and everything was new. The bathroom was a little outdated but it was clean and the complementary toiletries were from Bath and Body Works. A pitfall was that there weren't very many outlets, so it was hard to style our hair and we had to find creative ways to plug in our straighteners.  Also, the room was painfully small. I recommend this hotel if you're just looking for a place to crash. For more comfort, upgrade to a bigger room or go to another hotel.
1	Parking:My boyfriend and I wanted to eat at Du-Pars after a lecture at the Mob Museum.  We saw the Golden Gatel self-park lot and pulled in, where they had a sign saying there would be a $10 charge...but we assumed (Incorrectly) it would be waived with our meal purchase.  Who pays to park at a LV casino??  Whe we paid our bill the cashier told us we could get our parking validated at the Cage.  Off we went, only to be rudely told that was not true and to pay $10 cash or by credit card on exit.  We handed over the cash, walked out past the valet line (where parking is indeed free) only to find our $10 ticket from Ms Rude...did not work.  So...back in to speak to Miss Sunshine, who could not figure how how to fix it but got her associate to help.  Bottom line?  The GG should be darn happy customers are showing up at their casino willing to spend money and make it easy for them to do it...not make it s pain in the butt.  No more GG for these two locals.  Way too many other places that actually treat people well.
1	Do not stay in a regular room. Just back from room 316- the nastiest hotel room I have ever seen. I never took my shoes off. Yes, the size is super tiny, cracked sink, filthy/old shower. Maybe OK for one person. The price is very cheap, but not worth it. I did see a suite room on the same floor and it looked very nice.
2	Keeping this review short, but not sweet.  Golden Gate Casino is not what I remembered it to be years ago.  Either I grew, which I know I got wider, or this place got smaller.  It's a rare occasion for  me to step foot inside Golden Gate, but if I do I expect a small and mediocre casino.  I haven't stay in their rooms so I can't judge them.  Only reason I was actually in Golden Gate recently was for their breakfast/brunch restaurant DuPars, which was another disappointment.  Only highlight is at night outside this joint.  Dancing go-go's and strong pours if you tip well.
4	Sometimes good things really do come in small packages!  Considering that this is Vegas' first casino and that it was built in 1906, this boutique hotel/casino is classy but simplistic and very nice inside!  I love the row of old style slot machines - very neat touch.  The casino floor and bathrooms are spotless.  The dealers are dressed as flappers at night, which I think is really fun.  We haven't stayed here but signed up for Club 1906 and it didn't take much gambling (playing joker poker at the bar while enjoying "free" drinks) before we received free room offers in the mail.  Maybe we'll take advantage of this later on if we want to do a downtown staycation.  If you're downtown and haven't checked out the first Las Vegas casino, stop in for a drink or some craps!  This place is totally fun!
5	This is truly one of the best places to be in Vegas.  This is old school to the max.  The drinks are cheap, the tables are cheap.  They have the dealers dancing when they aren't working at the tables.  The place is what Vegas used to be.  They filmed parts of the movie Pay it Forward here and also an episode of the Buried Life.When in Vegas it's a must to visit.  I haven't eaten at Dupars yet or stayed in the rooms, but everyone I've brought to gamble here has loved it.  From my best friends to my wife all have said this is one of the best places to gamble and have a good time.  If you loved the movie Swingers, this is the place Vince Vaughn would love...Vegas Baby!!
2	It is a bit confusing that some of these reviews are for the casino/bar and NOT the hotel.  But to keep it consistent, I'll combine my review as well.So, one star for the hotel and a bonus star for the casino.  Long story short - after having gambled here a fair bit, I got comped two nights in the hotel.  Loving a deal, I booked it and everything went smoothly until we arrived in the room.Nicely put, this hotel is a dump.  I'm not sure if they offer suites - the website implies that they do based on the one photo they feature - but the regular rooms, forget about it.  Let's see, the hallway stank of a combination of pot smoke and old musty dirt.  The room stank of stale cooking oil (I think we must have been above Dupar's).  It was really hot in the room (tho cold outside) and there is no A/C so be very aware of that.The room was tiny, and by tiny I mean... well... tiny.  Barely enough room for a full bed (yes, they called it a queen but it really wasn't) and the world's tiniest bathroom.  HDTV too.  The room was very very dark, and I acknowledge that I asked for an interior room to avoid the noise of Fremont St, so I guess you have to choose between light + oppressive noise, or dark + low noise.Anyway, we could have asked for a different room but we were honestly soooo turned off by our stinky tiny room that we ended up calling the Nugget and booking one of their nicer suites, at 11PM.  THAT will be discussed in a separate review.Oh yeah, I forgot to mention the casino.  It's actually pretty good, although I wouldn't call it particularly nice.  But I tend to do well there, the slots seem loose, the dealers are fun and the bartenders are good.
1	*HOTEL REVIEW*If I could give less than one star... I would. The only way this place could be getting this high of a rating is from the casino. Go gamble if that's what makes you happy... all casinos on Fremont Street are virtually the same. Golden Gate Hotel Wins Worst Hotel Ever Award!!! I had always wanted to experience downtown Vegas as every time I've gone to Vegas in the past I've stayed on The Strip. Bad idea to pick the Golden Gate Hotel. We pulled up and found there's only valet available on Friday and Saturday night. We checked into our room on Friday night... ready for a fun weekend. The front desk lady said our original room was on the third floor facing Fremont and the band's stage... and said we'd get no sleep there so was gracious and moved us to the Main Street side of the building. Took the fancy new elevator to the third floor. The doors opened and the old musky smell lingered. We got to our room, opened the door... and dropped our bags. This room was the size of a walk-in closet. It held a full bed (not the queen that was advertised) and one nightstand. It had a small flat screen tv on a tv stand, and a Keurig ($2/cup if you want to use it). That's it! The bathroom was tiny as well. The door opened up to hit the toilet and the shower was just a tiny space you walk around a small wall and get in. Oh ya, I haven't mentioned the noise. We could hear every word to every song the band sang... and we weren't facing that side of the building! We called the front desk and complained. When we asked for a manager, the front desk lady told us he would only make us more angry and she would try giving us a different room. The second room was much better. It had a full size bed and TWO NIGHTSTANDS!!! I couldn't believe how big it was. It had to be at least 8'x8'. The windows are single pane in all rooms and the sound was just as bad (even though now we were in a middle view room). And the bathroom was big enough to fit a tub. The shower faucets were leaking, and the tub had to be 20 years old or more... nothing you'd want to stand in with bare feet. When I got in the shower... I made the mistake of looking up. There was mold all over the ceiling! I was appalled. Not only were the rooms tiny and the noise loud, but they are a health hazard. We called to complain again and they refused to give us a third room and just sent a guy to clean the ceiling. Needless to say, we cancelled our third night and headed back for The Strip. Please don't waste your time or money. It's not worth it.
4	Stayed here for NYE a couple of months back and needless to say, we actually really enjoyed our stay. First off, before the renovation, this place was a class A dump nestled perfectly between two more dumps, the Plaza hotel and the Las Vegas Club. They served football beers with straws and had cheap craps. It was a dive and a place for me to gamble when I had friends in town whom wanted cheap tables and booze. That was before any renovations took place. With the new management and recent renovations, Wow! I had no idea how much nicer it was both inside and out! The casino looks great and the new dealertainers add a nice touch as well. While the rooms are still just as old as the building itself, I think that adds to the charm of the place. Fortunately the beds were very plush but the room is small. The bathroom still looks and feels like it must have in the 1920's with the old tile but as I said before, it adds to the charm.
5	I'm obviously biased because I used a comp for a free 3- night stay in Feb.  Still, I'll give 'em 5-stars because:- It's the oldest hotel/casino because it opened in 1906 and even the Rat Pack used to hang out here.  - They have hot GoGo table dealers at night who rotate between dancing and dealing (and sometimes dancing a bit at the table they're dealing at).  The ladies are pretty friendly.- Great location that's easy to find being at the corner of Fremont & Main Street and parking is plentiful (or just use their free valet and just tip him/her when they get your car).  - Recently renovated so the rooms and the casino floor are nice.- Generous with their comps even though I'm not a whale.  Golden Nugget, where I used to gamble as much: Where are my comps?- Their larger, nearby sister property "The D" is also pretty cool.Some cons (but I didn't deduct a star for):- It's a small building and Du-Par's restaurant is the only eatery on premise, though it is open 24/7 or walk next door to the Fremont Experience and there's plenty of cheap eating options.- It only has 1 elevator so if it becomes non-operational (happened one time for a couple hours during my 3-night stay in Feb 2013) the stairs are the only option.  Didn't bother me since since I need the exercise.
3	Brad T. & I stayed here for NYE to welcome the year 2013.  I enjoyed it yet still gave me the heebie-jeebies. First, once we checked in our room wasnt ready and we waited in the lobby for about 45minutes till they finally said we were able to get to our rooms.  The hotel manager was pretty awesome and gave us some coupons for free shrimp cocktails down at the restaurant.  (Since we had to wait that long for our room to get done cleaning)Secondly, when we walked to our room the hallways seemed tight but one should expect it as it one of the old hotels in Vegas.  Upon entering the room it very cozy and I love how they renovated the room.  The beds were very comfortable and the room itself was very clean.  We also had the view of downtown and can see people walking under the canopy which was awesome, but then you can hear everything from the outside. Now on to the bathroom, ehhhhhehhh. I am very picky with bathrooms and I hate it when it looks dirty. I know I know that this hotel is old, but I wish they could have renovated the bathroom, too.  The bathroom gave me the heebie-jeebies (.....eww) I could see stains in the bathtub from being rusty and an old faded color. Overall, I did not like the look and feel of the bathroom. However, other than that it is a good place to stay since it is cheap and affordable for a NYE night.  What even made it better was that guests for the hotel was able to get 2 free tickets to the canopy & we had no idea that they were free.  We were expecting to pay for them, but jackpot!
2	We came here for Valentines Day, We liked that the Hotel was right next to the downtown strip but we had a bad experience, first of all I work at a Hotel in San Diego and your Front Desk Agents were unprofessional and very rude, It was our first time in Downtown Las Vegas and at the Hotel, when we parked at the parking lot it was closed and we buzzed the button for help, the lady at the front desk told us to wait and never responded, we had to buzz it so many times because the lady was so rude and just said we couldnt park there, how were we suppose to know we couldnt park there when we parked at the parking lot the night before, was so confused it didn't seemed full to me!! and that we would only have to do valet, other than that there were cars behind me waiting and I kept telling the lady at the front desk when we buzzed and all she could say was..well, tell them to move and back up..we also called the front desk when we were at our room asked how much was to stay at a suite and we would be happy to pay the extra cost, our room was right next to the loud music so we kind of wanted to move because we could not sleep, we our parents, we have a 9 Month old at home and I explained to the lady at the front desk that it was my and my spouse's little getaway and just wanted a little bit of quietness she was just rude!! i liked the hotel and that it was vintage but i did not like the front desk lady! she was rude.
1	Dont come here unless you want your personal items stolen given a two bit story about how they will reply to your incident report within 30 days and never hear from the hotel again.  Several calls and several months later, lets just say I decided not to hold my breath.
2	The Room was way too small for my big ass...the casino was nice though.
5	Located on Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas. This place is a classic with a capital C and a capital LASSIC. The oldest standing hotel casino in Nevada. This is great piece of Las Vegas history, they have recently added bikini clad dancing bartenders at the outdoor bar (that's for those of you who don't like history). All in all a great place to let loose. I should also mention that The exterior is featured during the famous car chase in the James Bond film "Diamonds Are Forever" If you check out my Social Cam page I have done a shot for shot walk thru of the whole scene. check it out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	After about 50 visits to Golden Gate, it's time for a review.GG  ( and El Cortez ) are my favorite downtown casinos.  Low table limits, decent crap odds and the added bonus of go-go dancers at night that also serve as the dealers ( except on craps )  are a plus.  The valet is very convenient for downtown escapades.  It's definitely my "go-to" when i have peeps in town and they want to go low budget.  I've never stayed in the rooms but i've arranged for others to stay on my occasional comps - they tell me the rooms are small but comfortable.Food choices are limited to the coffee shop with the awesome pancakes ... Du-Pars.  I like the place but dang, it seems to me the prices are a little on the high side.Comps are decent and they can be used at the sister casino, The "D"I'm not a big fan of the machines but that's not why i go there.
5	I have a soft spot in my heart for this hotel/casino. I stayed here on my 21st birthday(6 years ago) and have been back at least once a year since then. the cocktail servers are awesome. on my birthday i had one follow me around and load me up with drinks until i couldn't carry any more. when i came back the next yeare she remembered me! the hotel is small but i didn't sleep much. all and all a great place to win and get fucked up.
5	We checked in Mon and out Wed. Different experience to be expected on weekends. ProsPrice is greatRoom was greatSnacks and coffee option in room weren't too expensiveFremont Street is out the backdoor (another story in itself... fun)24 hour fitness nearbyGarden buffet nearby in short walking distance (lunch was excellent and reasonably priced, breakfast was ok and even cheaper)Dupars downstairs had great pastries (donuts superior to nearby Duncan, did a taste test), free shrimp cocktail comes with room and it was deliciousCons Noisey at night depending where your room is. Even the quietest rooms have constant noise at night. But it was easy to tune out as ambient noise.  Had no problem sleeping and they do provide ear plugs (we didn't need).Dupars is a bit pricey and very busy at peak times, that it will require patience... but why go to Dupars when the Garden buffet nearby?It seemslike Vegas hotels are pretty much all the same --following a formula. Casinos, rooms, and perhaps attractions. Some have more than others. But my idea of fun is not going to the Mirage, paying more for fancier bells and whistles, staring at a fake waterfall display or a small zoo.
5	For a small casino on Fremont  Street this place got it right. Great Place!!!
1	I've stayed all over Vegas on the strip and in downtown Golden Nugget, Plaza, and more, this place is the worst!!.  Stayed Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night; didn't get any sleep!  There is a band that plays classic rock on Fremont street until 2am every night. The windows are old and don't offer any sound insulation. I'm a heavy sleeper and it still kept me up. I ended up purchasing ear plugs to get some sleep.  Also, our TV didn't work the entire 3 days we stayed there.  We had a maintenance worker try to fix our TV but it only worked for ten minutes. Upon checkout we were charged a different rate (almost double) than what we were quoted from the player's club.  The girl working the front desk VANESSA was rude and didn't offer us any assistance with the mix up on paying the wrong price.  She even told me that the TVs in the entire hotel were not working on Saturday only, right after I told her ours never worked, basically calling me a liar. One good thing, when we got back and spoke with the player's club they admitted to their mistake and offered us a reimbursement of the higher price we paid. Too bad Vanessa didn't offer to check up on the mix up, we left angry and frustrated. I will never stay there again and I suggest you stay at any other place in Las Vegas, even motel 6 would be better since they have a working TV and quiet atmosphere after 12pm.
2	**Hotel and Restaurant review**"There are cockroaches everywhere its the desert.""Our system had a virus, so it charged your deposit twice." (two different amounts.)We got there and the first thing I noticed about my room was the stains on the sheets. The second thing I noticed was the cockroach on the wall of the bathroom. I just got in and I was tired and I thought "well, whatever. I'll sleep in my clothes and tell the manager in the morning." So that's what I did. I woke up the next day to shower and complain, and there was soap in the shower. Used soap. Used soap that wasn't' mine, in the shower. I went and told the supervisor on duty and he told me "This is the desert. there are cockroaches everywhere." Uh, OK. It was only one, and I'm a push over. Then he told me "go ahead and enjoy a free meal at Dupars. Just charge it to your room. I'll have housekeeping go to your room first." It was breakfast and I was hungry so that sounded like the perfect solution. So we sat down at the table and ordered a sprite and a coffee. The sprite had no syrup in it, so I explained the issue and asked for a water. My fiance got a coffee. When he poured the creamer into his coffee there was trash in the creamer. I can't say that OBVIOUSLY this creamer was at someone elses table at one point, but I'm going to toss that out there as a high possibility. We complained to the waitress and asked for a new coffee. She tried to charge us for 2 coffees. Anyway, we fixed our bill (just in case) and charged it to the room. So far so good, I just got back yesterday. I still haven't' received my deposits back, so we'll see how that goes.A few other things that bothered me, but not enough to have their own paragraphs: The TV didn't work the whole time we were there and I had a horrible view.So why 2 stars? The front desk girls seemed to care about everything I brought to them. Good customer service in that sense. It seems like they put all their good people over at The D down the street, also owned by the same guy I guess. I have no intention of staying here again. Maybe I can find a place downtown that doesn't' have cockroaches?
4	This is one of the smaller casinos on Fremont Street. After 6pm on weekends, the dealers wear some very, um, nice outfits. I didn't stay in the hotel.
5	Sooooo nice! I loved it!
4	One of my favorite places to stay downtown besides Golden Nugget. The Gate is not the nicest place in the world, but its always a good time.Rooms are average & you should not expect anything great. If that's what you are looking for then you should Definitely stay on the strip..Its more of a loud, dancing girls, party scene.. Don't forget about the Shimp cocktail next-door, its lovely..Its a great change of pace from the Strip !!
2	When I learned of the 99 cent shrimp cocktail on one of the hundred Travel Channel shows about Las Vegas, I've been committed to try it if I ever went to Vegas.  It is the absurdity of discount food, seafood no less, and its 'famous' status that gets to me.  Similarly, on another show, a 99 cent giant hot dog was presented.  It was available at  another casino, Slots a Fun, further south on the strip.  Yeah, it looked like loaf of baloney (yes baloney, the proper word might have you think it's higher in quality or something), but I was still going to buy and eat it.So the years have passed and the price of the shrimp cocktail has risen, 1.99 in 2008, and now this year when I finally do visit Las Vegas, 2.99.  That monstrosity of a hot dog is gone, replaced with hum drum standard Nathan's franks.  Then there it was in front of me, a tulip glass full of pale shrimp, doused in a smooth red cocktail sauce.  They were cold, watery, and completely flavorless.  Any and all flavor is just  the spicy horseradish and tomato of the sauce.  Unadorned shrimp lacked so much of everything, that taking a salt shaker and sprinkling the contents into your mouth would evoke more of an ocean-y thought.Oh right, about the casino.  All of the table dealers were nice, even though I have no idea what their faces look like.  Craps is a low roller friendly $5, and the machines were fairly loose.  I'm glad I got that out of the way, although I'd only come back for the ample chests and gambling.
1	I would NEVER re-enter this -place (even the word 'place' seems too upscale for this ....)   I had contact with six different employees here and, excepting ONE, they were rude, discourteous, unhelpful and unwelcoming. My attempts to get some water to drink got me yelled at,  shrugged off, snarled at  and/or just plain ignored. I drop a c-note in a casino in less time than it takes to say 'one-armed bandit' and I somehow feel like I've 'earned' at least a modicum of respect............. I went so far as to ask a bartender if he uses bottled water when serving scotch and water or scotch and soda- his response was unprintable. There was  only one  employee there who didn't act as if my presence in their casino was a personal affront. Elena was a housekeeper/custodian tidying up the ladies' room and was kind enough to volunteer the trick to getting the faucet water to run long enough for me to get a desperately needed drink.      My opinion of the Golden Gate Casino:                (     ......unprintable........)
5	This is a cute small casino my husband like how old school and rustic it is it adds so much  pizazz
4	Only stopped in for breakfast but really enjoyed it. The restaurant has an old time feel and the waitresses wear the old style diner uniforms I remember as a kid. The service was great and the food was good too. I'm hoping to actually get a room here next time I'm on Fremont Street.
4	This hotel was nice. It is on the west side of downtown. We stayed in a basic room. Upon entering the room, we were surprised by how small it was. A queen size bed, a chair, two night stands and an entertainment center. Not much room for anything else. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was just as small. Opening the door, it hits the toilet which has a little rubber stopper where the door hits lol. This place makes you feel like you are in the 40's or 50's. Old school mob photos and pictures of old singers hang on the walls. I enjoyed it. It was cheap and why do you need a big room at a casino anyway? You aren't there to stay in your room. If you are, then this is not the place for you. In the day time, the casino floor is quiet and calm. There are maybe 20 or so card tables, roulette and craps. The standard. There is a somewhat small section for slots. All of downtown is pretty calm actually. This place is definitely to be experienced at night. The casino and downtown alike. Once night fall hits, the music starts and the women come out. All of the dealers at the Golden Gate are beautiful women in black gogo outfits. There are also three small squares in the center of the pit where a girl dances on each one. All of the girls rotate shifts every so often. When they are at a table with no players, they are dancing. They aren't slutty looking though. Just beautiful women with not much on. But not showing anything besides some cleavage. You don't have to worry about what your kids might see(or your boyfriend or husband lol)The only drawback to this place, is the music. It is just so dang loud. You can't even talk to the dealers. Or the waitresses. You all have to yell to get anything said. For the price, I would definitely stay there again.
5	Updated: Finally got a chance to stay here for 3 nights in a suite. Awesome room, nice decor, great price. Great service top to bottom in this place. Special recognition to Gabby the dealer and Eric the bartender. Those two need raises for going above and beyond to make our group feel welcomed. Overall a great establishment.
3	This is one of the oldest hotels in town (1906), and so certain outdated aspects/proportions are present.  However, overall, it is an attractive blend of "historic" and modern...and the location is prime. We stayed here for a recent music festival when occupancy (along with rates) was exceptionally high, and ended up with one of the worst rooms in the place which did have a couple of specific issues.  We complained about the issues to the manager, who seemed genuinely receptive, and ultimately provided a substantial discount to our satisfaction.  Based upon this, I would consider staying here again.
3	Stayed two nights on a free stay. Room was enough for one individual, a little too close if there had been two.Bathroom, another story. Not just a throw back to the glory days of Las Vegas, it had the the dirt and stains from that period. No drain stopper in sink, stained bathtub, took a degree in fluid dynamics to get the water temp in the shower to get to an acceptable temp. Flat screen was good, channel selection limited.Casino floor, especially the pit a little too loud for my tastes.
2	Stayed 5 nights for the marathon in November.  Probably wouldn't stay again.  The sleeping area is recently renovated and decent, but the bathroom is horrible.  Tiny, dark shower with nowhere to put your shampoo, etc. except the floor.  Only had hot water one day, lukewarm or outright cold the rest.  The only thing keeping the basin attached to the wall was a crumbling layer of caulk, it sagged and threatened to come crashing down with the slightest weight on it.  Housekeeping was otherwise adequate and I never saw a bug or stray hair (but I wouldn't walk barefoot in a hotel room in Vegas, period),Smoking in hotels is a given in Las Vegas, but this one, being 100 years old, doesn't have the ventilation systems that the new hotels have, and there is the reek of decades of cigarette smoke everywhere.  I bought two Febreze air fresheners at Walgreen's--one for the room and one for the closet to try to salvage my clothes--and they barely made a dent in the smell.  I laid in bed Sunday night after finishing the marathon and it felt like the effing stench was coming through the floorboards.I was on the Fremont St. side, and the stage was literally right outside my window and it was OMG LOUD until 2 or 3 am every night.  Even with earplugs, I could feel the bass from the shitty DJ in my skull.  If getting more than a couple hours' sleep is important to you, ask for a room on the opposite side.  I was usually just winding down at that point so it didn't really bother me, and watching drunken pedestrians dance, from the vantage point of my window, was hilaribad.The resort fee, as mentioned by other reviewers, is a total rip off.  There's no pool, no wifi, no spa, etc. and only one restaurant. The rooms have no mini bar, there's a Keurig but the cups are $3 each.  What, exactly, is the resort fee going towards?  The room rate was $20 a night, plus the $20 resort fee.   I personally wouldn't object to paying $40 because the bed was comfortable and the location is great, but just charge me $40 and don't insult my intelligence by calling it a "resort fee".  The cons of the Golden Gate outweighed the pros for me.  I love staying on Fremont as opposed to the Strip, (I've stayed at the Golden Nugget and Main St. Station as well as Bally's, Encore, and Mandalay Bay), but this place didn't do it for me.  Next year I'll stay somewhere else.
3	This review is only based on the hotel.The room is the tiniest I've ever stayed in. With the single chair, TV unit, and bed, the room was already packed and there was not much room for much else. The place was crowded with only two people in occupancy. However, the living area was clean. Sheets were bright white, no stains, no bugs, no stray hairs anywhere in the room. Decor was modern. The bathroom however, was a different story. Still tiny, but old and dingy-looking. Vents overhead were dusty and grimy. Everything was functional though, and the water pressure in the shower was awesome. Thin walls and noise from outside may make it a little hard to sleep. Front desk and housekeeping staff were all friendly and responsive to our requests for things like extra pillows and an iron.With all that said, it's worth the $22/night. It's smack in the middle of Old Vegas and super cheap. Great place to stay if you want to experience a different side of LV and you're ballin on a budget.
5	Great value for a hotel located on the busy end of Fremont. My room was right next to the stage on Fremont, but I didn't mind the noise. The food at Dupar's downstairs always hit the spot, and the late night dealers/dancers were very friendly. I will definitely consider coming back for my next trip.
5	When do you know that you are in a casino that cares about you as a player and not just your money? Well you know when you are playing at the Golden Gate casino on Fremont Street. This casino was one that caught my attention in September when I was staying downtown. I walked in and I was amazed at the friendliness and concern for the players as Golden Gate had. This December I had the privilege of being able to play in Vegas for 8 days and during that time I was treated like a king at Golden Gate. This is a casino that it does not matter if you play .40 cents or 5,000 a hand you are going to be treated like you are one of them. Starting with the servers I have never had such quick and correct services as I have had at this casino. Next the dealers, what's great about Golden Gate is that if you are a more conservative not party animal type player than the morning and afternoon dealers like Joy, Vicky, and Rebecca are for you. These women are very attentive and are willing to take a screaming fat man scaring the hell out them over a 3 of kind in let it ride. Now if you enjoy music parting and seeing girls in skimpy outfits ;) then go after 7pm and make sure that you see Tina, and Gabby these two lady's will not only help you understand how the game is played but they are cheering you on and making you feel as if you are the only player on the table even when the table is full. Last but certainly not least is Dave W, the casino shift manager. Never in my life have I ever had a casino manager come around and greet people share stories and truly interact with everyone. Trust me when I say everyone it did matter that I wasn't a high roller I was greeted by him with open arms. Hell because of my suggestion they may even look at a new game. I will admit I love to gamble and I love to have a good time while doing it and I will say that the Golden Gate Casino is the place not only where you can gamble but have an experience that out weighs ALL other casino on and off the strip
1	Stayed here one night. Never again!!!!  I got a great deal of 50 for two nights however my flight was delayed and arrived in Vegas the next day. Once I found out that I was not checking in on the first booked day I called this hotel to notify them. However, when I finally checked in the next day they had cancelled my reservation, even though I paid in full online. Luckily rooms were available. When we got to the room it was small but fine for the price. However, this is located on Fremont and the music is extremely loud well into the late hours of the night! The room was stuffy and we tried to turn on the a.c. and called the front desk, they advised us that the heat is central and cannot be turned off and they told us to open the window. I've never ever had this happen before. We had no choice but to open the window and of course the noise got louder. The shower and sink clogged ugghhh. The shower temp kept fluctuating from hot to cold. Never again will I stay here!
4	Okay, I admit it. I am old school (due, in no small part, to simply being old). When in Vegas, I don't want kitsch, cute theme hotels, overpriced cocktails, clown valets or costumed clerks -- I just want a comfy bed, a clean bathroom, an honest dealer, a decent meal. The Golden Gate gave me all that for a price so low that I was not too upset when Lady Luck stood me up BIG time. Yes, Fremont Street and the casino floor is loud, but the room was soundproof enough that the concerts (right outside my window) were just a thumping lullaby. (Also, it is Las Vegas, not a silent retreat.)  And hey, Dupar's shrimp cocktail is a tasty treat at any time of the day or night, whether you're winning or losing (did a bit of one, a lot of the other).
1	Bad bad bad.  I came here about 7 years ago and even though the hotel is old it was fine at the time.  This trip was THE WORST hotel experience I've ever had.#1  The shower wouldn't regulate in temperature and went from scalding hot to ice cold on its own without me messing with it.  Calling downstairs got me an apology and a maintenance guy.  He told me to run the cold for a few minutes then slowly turn the hot on.  Ok so after doing that the water still did the same thing.  My fiance and I could barely shower and it took us 20-30 minutes when we usually take 10-15 minute showers.  Plus the drain was slow so after running the cold as told, I had to stand in ice water to my ankles.  #2 they don't have a/c in the cooler months. Wtf?? It was a sauna in the room the first 2 nights.  The windows have missing knobs and I couldn't open them.  After calling down again we got a box fan and maintenance to open the window.  The open window let in cool air yes, but also the noise from the giant ac unit that's the size of a bus. It's literally 4 feet from our window. We heard this big ass machine loud and clear all night along with the party crowd from Freemont street. #3 The elevator broke down and to top it all off our bed was broken and hanging off the frame.  My fiance had to play maintenance guy and fix it so we could sleep. Guest services had about 5 calls from me and they did try to help but had their hands tied.  There were no other rooms available to move to and what the hell are they supposed to do about a situation like this?  The front desk and the maintenance guy all seemed well rehearsed in dealing with these problems so obviously we aren't the only ones complaining. I'm checking out today and since I booked through expedia I will have them talk to management for some reimbursement.  The night shift manager said he would refund the resort fees but honestly, it's not enough to make up for this mess.  I'm a big camper and I've had better stays at campsites!!!
5	Therrific gaming area, all clean and modern with classic lookGreat music energy and dealers.Dealers were the best we encounters yet, including top strip casinos. A plus
5	I recently took my first trip to Vegas and this was by far my favorite stop on the trip. I'm not much of a gambler so I spent most of the time at the bar. Kristyn was AWESOME. Probably the most fun bartender I've ever had. Thank you for making my visit memorable Kristyn! :)
3	Wow, this is some serious kitsch right here, ladies and gentlemen.  This is the place you want to go if you want to experience old-school Vegas.  It's dirty, gritty and utterly low-class.  This is NOT shiny, sterile and plastic like the Strip.  This is Sinatra, Sammy Davis, Dean Martin-style Vegas.  I kept expecting to see Italian guys with Uzis popping out from behind the door telling me to "fuhgeddaboudit" with the Godfather theme music playing in the background.I loved it here.We stayed in room #211 at the Golden Gate over the week of March 11th.  For the most part, we enjoyed staying here, although there's always bad points wherever you go, so we'll just start with the not-so-good:- The bathroom was definitely not a pleasant experience.  The door kept hitting the toilet bowl and you couldn't get the door opened all the way.  Not a huge negative, but it was kind of annoying after a while.- It took some creative maneuvering to get the shower the way I wanted it.  It definitely tends to run either so hot that your skin boils off, or so cold that you'll turn into an ice cube.  Once you get used to it, though, you'll pull it off like a champ.  My last shower was much better than my first.- The tub didn't really drain properly.  Kind of awkward to stand in a pool while you're showering.  I was worried for a while that it wouldn't drain out before I'd finished.  That needs to be taken care of, for sure.- The casino was way... too... loud, even in (maybe even especially in) the mornings.  Seriously, no one needs the music turned up to 11.  We know we're in a casino, thanks.- They need a bit more help with the valet parking.  There was only one guy manning the window most of the time and they're way too busy for that.- Limited selection of cable channels.  News, sports and local stations is about all that's available.- No free WiFi - it's 9.95 a day both here and at the D.  Come on, you guys - I know your hotel's cheap, but charging for WiFi?  Really?- Self parking area closed off most of the time.  Annoying, as I don't like anyone in my car.There's good here, though!- Great location.  Right in the middle of the Fremont Street Experience, where most of the serious "partiers" show up.  Of course, if that's not your thing, you'll hate it here.  Make no mistake - this is a gritty, low-brow crowd. - Reasonable prices.  Even with the "resort fee" (which is totally STANDARD at vacation spots, the East Coast does it all the time), it was an absolute bargain.  Is it the Hilton? No.  Is it clean, comfortable and a good place to lay your head? Yes.  If you want Wynn-level service - go to the Wynn.- Casino is a bit loose with the $.  You WILL win here if you persist.  - Great restaurant downstairs (Dupar's.  See separate review).- Friendly, helpful staff.  Even the single valet was really pleasant, despite being hurried.Really, the bathroom and the WiFi were the only negatives here for us, and for the deal we got, I can overlook it.  Our room overlooked the Plaza across the street, so the sound quality may be different elsewhere, but we never had an issue sleeping, even through the insanity on Fremont late at night.Do be careful here, especially if you're female and single.  As stated - this can be a pretty unsavory area, especially at night.  I'm used to Baltimore's roughness, but most aren't conditioned.  Plan and act accordingly.We'd stay here again.
4	Only been there a few times and then got a card that comp'd me 3 nights in March and 3 nights in April.  Room definitely showed it's age, same and dark, like you would see in an old mystery, but clean.   I think I found my new hang out, love the gaming, the girls and location.  I will use my April comps and they have a new customer.
5	I LOVE Las Vegas. I really like The Strip. I really like off The Strip. I LOVE Downtown Las Vegas! Downtown Vegas is old Vegas. Downtown Vegas is for anyone who wants to find some sort of history, or nostalgia for Old School, Swinging, Rat Packing-type Vegas. Everything is cheaper downtown: The food. The drinks. The shows and the rooms. The Golden Gate is one of my favorite casinos, not only downtown, not only in Vegas, but in the entire world! I LOVE all of the downtown casinos. Each and every one of them!
5	Damn good pancakes! Fluffy and almost cake like texture. I had the short stack (two pancakes) but only finished half, they were huge. They were so good I ate most of it without syrup. Also had a side of center cut ham. This place is busy in the morning, we waited 15-20 minutes and finally took the counter seats. Service is good, prices are reasonable. Breakfast is served all day.
2	This hotel charges an addtional $20/per day for phone, internet, and "inclusions".  You cannot opt out.  The parking lot is a block away, small, and un covered.  You can not park there on weekends, you must valet on weekends.  To top it off the staff at check was rude and demeaning.  She obviously thought since she worked there everyone knew the answer to the questions asked.  And would roll her eyes at me when I asked a question.  The rooms are very small as is expected because it's such an old building.  Our room did not have a fridge.  The shower was tiny and dirty.  The bed was comfortable.  And you will hear the music and talking from Fremont street while in your room.  The floor also seemed to shake frequently.  So if that bothers you then you might not want to stay here.  I will never stay here again.
4	Great Hotel..... I can't complain my visit was comped (free) . Check-in & Check out was easy and fast. Plus hotel gave 20 bucks in free play.   I stayed in room 233 facing Fremont Street and I thought it was gonna be real loud .  I'm suprised I didn't hear a thing. It was very cozy (small) . Beds were nice and comfy. Bathroom was very small and old looking. But hey I'm still not complaining because it was free. They even gave me $20 to eat with at DuPar's..
5	Place is great for gaming. Spent three hours at the tables and had a blast on Sunday night. All the dealers were nice, engaging and created a fun atmosphere. Blackjack $5 tables with 3:2 odds is great. None of that 6:5 crap. Good place for a good time.
3	The Golgen Gate Hotel and Casino is one of the oldest facility, established in 1906. If the case apply and price is the main criteria when sorting hotels, this is quite an honest choice. The room itself is quite small, about 15 feet x 15 feet. Although, all the furnitures have been updated, from the bed setting to the flat screen tv. DO NOT GET ROOM 337, It overviews the rooftop. Ask for a room that looks out onto the Freemont Street Experience. A dissapointing feature about the room, the shower!!!!! Its a locker room shower!!!! Dont forget to bring your flip-flops! It is conveniently located but if you plan a walk to the Strip, its a 30-45 min walk just to get to Circus Circus. If you have not been to Vegas in awhile, it has changed and not necesarely for the best.
1	I have visited this casino several times through the years, most recently being on memorial day weekend--2014. It is a fun and neat little casino. The dice dealers are great. When making my reservations for memorial day weekend, I initially wanted to stay here and try it out. I discovered that they charge a resort fee of $20.00 per night. This is a small hotel casino and I don't think anyone would classify this place as a resort. They don't even have a pool. We ended up staying at another hotel/casino on Fremont Street that does not believe in this "resort fee" scam. This is a shame that they are charging this ridiculous fee. This is probably why the hotel has so many empty rooms during mid-week. The casino is really cool though. If they ever stop this "resort fee" nonsense, we will gladly stay here.
3	This place has SO much potential. It's just not quite there yet. I am so excited that a boutique style hotel is on Fremont, and emphasizes on the "old vegas" feel. The lobby and casino are small, but really really cool. The dealers look retro and the dancing girls make the atmosphere really fun. However, the room was not really what I would call "ready" for guests. They are tiny, but it's an old hotel so that can be expected. But the bathrooms are dated to the point of shocking, when you are not expecting a hostel feel in vegas. With the right products and designer snacks (similar to the Ace Hotel) this place could be a really fun alternative to the usual mega casinos.
1	We have stated at Golden Gate many times in the past and have always been pleased.  On this stay we learned they are now charging a $20 resort fee!  Yes a resort fee for no pool, no spa, no free self parking as a guest, and the list goes on..  We checked in and got stuck with a room that appeared more like a jail cell than a room and requested to be changed.  After changing rooms which was no problem we get to our "new room" and discover the AC wasn't blowing cold air, we contacted front desk for service which they supposedly had fulfilled and had AC fixed however still no cold air.  Day two housekeeping came in for room cleaning and left us with no toilet paper leaving us stranded until we made the trip to the front desk to get some.   Needless to say we won't be staying again and are very disappointed that Golden Gate had lost its touch :(
3	So the rooms are super small and the tiny bathrooms are dingy & outdated. You get what you pay for, right? The rooms are clean and updated with a slightly vintage feel (Elvis & Beatles framed prints on the wall of our room). The shower WAS either freezing or scalding, but this place has been in business forever so it's an old building. I'm not crazy about the $20 resort fee for wifi that doesn't seem to work, especially since there's no pool-what's the resort?! But for the price it's good. Edit: the Fremont street experience was RIGHT outside our window (past our view of dumpsters) and we weren't there to party so that was kind of a drag, but if you're going to party till the wee hours you won't mind.
1	Verdict: Terrible! Skip this altogether and go to Circus Circus or any other budget hotel on the strip! The good: Wifi all over hotel. The windows actually open! Room had the perfect thermostat. It didn't need to be adjusted and I slept well. Bed was okay. Check-in was quick, easy and friendly. The bad:The room was so tiny!The shower temperature was either scalding hot or ice cold. No place to put anything other than that tiny bar of soap! I could barely turn around in the shower it was so small. First it was cute because I know the hotel is old but it got annoying after a while. The beds aren't really queen size, they may be a little bigger than full. There's only one nightstand and one light. Not too many plugs around the room. Everything was old and cracked. The sink was cracking and so were the bathroom tiles. What really got me was the small room. Yes it was cheap but the resort fee was absolutely ridiculous. I couldn't believe I paid for a room that was smaller than my bedroom. The tiny shower and overall feel of the room was really bad. The shower is very important to me and it just didn't cut it at all. The temperatures were too extreme and there was no room in there. To top it all off the walls were painted a really ugly color. It was just bad! I'm not a snob either, I don't mind staying in a dive because I just get dressed and leave. But this was too much of a dive. I will definitely not be back!
1	Ugh, this place is a nightmare. The rooms and beds are teeny tiny, and the A/C isn't cold enough to cool the room properly in the Nevada heat. We were advised when we checked in that our room faced Fremont Street and it *may* be a little loud until 3 AM. I asked for a different room, but they said they did not have anything else available. I expected noise but this was literally like sleeping through a rave. It was unbearably loud, and I had to sleep with a pillow against each ear just to get through the night. Mind you, I'm typically easy going and don't mind a dive-y spot, but this was ridiculous. If you want to sweat through the night and sleep through a concert this is the hotel for you! Oh, and there were no normal accommodations in the room including toilet paper, tissues and soap to wash your hands. The bathroom is so small you can't open the door all the way because the toilet is behind it. I was comped this room because of my play, but I wish I had paid just so I could demand my money back.
4	I love this place for environment! The atmosphere was great. The people are genuine there especially the employees. The employees acknowledge you, make eye contact & pay attention to you and smile. The patrons are cool too. They make you feel like family because they are down to earth. The hotel is simple, but for the price you get the basics of what you need. No fancy anything. All the entertainment you need is right outside the hotel and food and gambling is all over and everywhere! It was my best two days in Vegas & the most affordable fun ever! Lesson learned: book it at least one day in advance. My mistake I made I booked the hotel online the same day on a Sunday and I had to wait on getting into my room until they clear it from the third party. The bathroom is a little small and the shower fluctuates, but other than that I totally love it there. I would go back again.
1	If I could give this place a zero I would!  A few friends and I were walking Fremont st going in and out of casinos gambling, we went in here and they would not let my gay friend in because he was wearing make up.  Security said it was a costume....they also would not let our other friend in because she was with him...I walked in and spoke to a manager he came back and said it was a costume because it was a lot of make up...no other Casino on Fremont has had a problem....when I told the manager there were people in here with just as much make up on he said no they would make them wipe it off
4	I hadn't been to Vegas in years and just visited again and was really impressed with the remodeling golden gate has done. This place used to be really run down but everything is clean and nice now. My favorite part about this casino was their little deli and now it's been turned into a restaurant. Still amazing shrimp cocktails! We didn't get a room here so I'm not sure how well the room renovations are but judging from how great everything else looks, my husband and I definitely plan to book this hotel in the future.
5	If you are looking to stay downtown, then this is the place.  Price was beyond competitive.  Casino was nice and clean.  Drinks were reasonably priced.  Restaurant had great food and priced well.  Everyone was very friendly.  We stayed in a suite and it was very nice.  It was quiet and everything was new.  So I can't speak to other's experiences of a tiny room.  But the suites were so inexpensive relative to the strip, that it's worth getting a suite instead.  Simply no complaints.  Walk right out to Fremont street with live music all night (another reason to get a suite, they are on the opposite side of the building) and easy access to downtown's older casinos.  Easy access to the strip if you have a car.  Free valet if you're staying.  Just simply no complaints!
5	Didn't stay in this hotel, but the service, drinks, and prices are very cheap. The dealers are awesome and taught me how to play craps in under 10 mins and kept helping me out (and I was winning) can't beat that! Good music, really blows the D and other "bigger" hotels out of the water
5	Some may agree.  Some may not.  But I LOVE Golden Gate!  To start - if you don't mind a small room, get the regular rooms.  If you care, get one of the new suites - they are very nice and clean.  They offer a king size bed as well as an L-shaped couch that folds out into a bed.  The bathrooms are a bit funky with frosted doors that don't lock at all, so you don't get much privacy.After a great night at the tables, we upgraded to the penthouse, which is well worth the expense if you can pull it off.  The penthouse is amazing - two large bedrooms with king size beds and private bathrooms (steam shower in one).  The living area was enormous with three TVs, a kitchen/bar area, and a large table.  The outdoor patio area was a hit, sporting a gas grill, another TV, and a pretty nice view.  If you want to live large and roll like a big-shooter, this is the place to go.Derek, the owner, hangs out at the bar and is clearly a "man of the people".  We hung out with him for a bit and had a great time.  The dealers know how to get the fun going. Table minimums are reasonable.  Outside is another bar and a stage with live music - quite the party atmosphere!Forget the strip!  The action is on Fremont Street - and Derek has the formula for winning.
1	Please skip this hotel and go to Circus Circus or some other budget hotels. There was a bed bug problem in my first room on the 3rd floor so I mentioned it to the gentlemen at the lobby so he transferred me to another room (also on the 3rd floor). Turns that the replacement room also has bed bugs. I believe this is a bed bug infested hotel which requires immediate attention. Be careful with this one. Granted it is low priced but I guess you get what you pay for....cheap price for poor experience. This is the first and last time I'm ever staying here. If you do decide to stay here, good luck and bring a lot of calamine lotion
5	Skip the middle and read the first and last of my review. Sorry for the windiness. I hesitate giving this place a review because, even after 100 years, it's still a great little secret. After the renovations a few years back the wife and I decided to stay here. We travel to LV fairly frequently (mostly for work) and like to stay at different places. Having played BJ here on many occasions, and sitting at the bar to watch our sports and have an adult beverage whilst playing the machines... OK, back to the review - who really cares what we do for fun... We booked a Queen room. The room was very clean and quaint. However it was so flippin small it was laughable. For the first time ever we went back to the front desk to tell them they gave us the wrong room. They stressed that it was a queen room. The room was only as wide as the bed plus about 2 1/2 feet, no joke. Long and comfortable, but really small. I'm 6'3 200 and the wife is 5'11" 130, so we're not fatties. It was an interesting sleeping experience. Fast forward a few months. Having seen the "Suites" on youtube, I took a chance and booked it. If you book in advance enough, the price is reasonable. The suite was butterlicious. Very comfortable, huge tv, large 3 person (not that I know first hand) shower and very spacious. An Amazing value. And since this hotel only has 106 rooms, check in is a breeze. I've stayed at Golden Nugget, The D (old Fitzgerald's), Four Queens (wow, way bad), and Gold Spike (which was remarkably decent - old but decent).   I truly won't stay anywhere else but at the Golden Gate when I'm downtown. I could go on, but do yourself a favor and check the suites out. Again, book in advance as costs go up the closer you get to your date. I have not checked out the presidential suite yet (although they offered showing it). It goes for $500 to $1,000 a night. And remember, I'm a cheap bastard. Oh, and finally - VALET your car. The dudes are super cool always. I slip em a fiver and they are most gracious (of course a cute wife helps too!)  Cheers
2	This is the loudest hotel I have ever stayed in.  The small room had been updated with new furnishings like a bed and TV, but the bathroom was archaic. Someone compared it to a locker room shower in another review here. That is a great way to describe it.I could have lived with all of that. My biggest problem was that we asked for a room away from Fremont but got one facing it on second floor after getting talked into it.  The music only took a two hour break from maybe 4am to 6am. The floor would shake a bit from all the bass in the music and noise at times.  We checked out early and went elsewhere to sleep.I suspect the music was actually coming from the casino as we were on the second floor just above an entrance.  Regardless, if you stay here, you do not want to face Fremont Street. Avoiding the second floor is probably a good idea, too.
3	Venue:  Golden Gate Hotel & Casino Decor: Older, old school like CasinoService: FriendlyEnvironment: Old SchoolFood: N/A (although they had food, I can't speak on it) Prices:  Affordable Debbie Downers:  I didn't win lol j/k (kinda) Conclusion: I can't speak on the lodging but as far as gaming  - it was a decent experience.  Like any other casino in Vegas or in its immediate vicinity, it's all about capitalizing on the opportunity.  I thought the pay outs here was cool or just lucky.  I wouldn't crash here or anything but if you are about trying to maximize profits, check it out here. Overall: C
2	Upon checkin only rooms that were smoking rooms were available. This made the room smell pretty stale. Although historic, the room was tiny.  So small you couldn't walk around the bed even. The bathroom door didn't open all the way because the toilet was in the way. The closet door banged into the bed.  This hotel was supposed to be historic. All I saw was a desk that used to be in one of their rooms in the 20s. My overall impression is skip it. Go somewhere else.
3	The stars I'm giving are for the gaming portion of the casino. The tables are fun and for the most part the dealers are nice.  As for the hotel. . We booked the room over the phone and we were under the impression that we were staying at the D.. their sister casino.   But after parking on the eighth floor of the D, we stood in line at  registration for about 10 mins and then found out we were staying at the golden gate. Originally we thought that it would be a nice new experience.  We have stayed at a few downtown casinos.  Well as soon as we walked in the closet of a room..we wish we didn't reserve the room for our full stay. All these other reviews are so right and I wish I had read them before coming here.  we were told at check in that they didn't have any two bed rooms available. The bed is barely a queen size.. if it actually is.  The shower is either too hot or too cold.  You can hardly open the bathroom door because the toilet is in the way.  I can imagine that if you are going to be out partying your whole stay, then yes. . This is the hotel for you.  I'm guessing the rooms here are normally fairly cheap during the week but not this week. At $65 a night, I feel ripped off. I will not be staying here again unless they offer a suite or something. The employees were nice and check in was a breeze. I didn't care about what my view was from my window so no  loud music like others reviewed.
5	i always get a deluxe room or a suite and am never disappointed. The staff is always so wonderful; from the Valets, to the check in clerks, to the 1906 club, to the cashiers, to the cocktail waitresses--it feels like home.I visit faithfully every two weeks and am never disappointed. My Host, Steven Pedroza, is the best!
4	Came here on a Friday night to have a drink at the prohibition bar located in the casino. I was impressed by how the dealers and dancers in the middle of the floor never stopped shaking and bouncing. It really helped in keeping the energy up in the room. The tables were busy and so was the bar, but the service was still good. Additionally, their vallet is always super nice.
1	Went to Vegas a week ago for a friend's birthday. I reserved a room in advance so I could just show up and check in. The vibe as I walked in was great seemed like it was the the place to be with good music and awesome atmosphere so I was excited and tired after the long drive. Finding the front desk was a little tricky but finally found it after a couple of minutes, there was only one person up front which was ok since there was no line. I told him I had reserved a room in advance and he asked me for my ID to confirm. I gave him my California ID and he then told me he could not take my identification because it looked fake and after I assured him it wasn't he then rudely said that he could "go to the swapmeet and buy one just like it". I felt very disrespected and was starting to get upset because I was expecting to find great customer service or at least someone a bit more friendly or discrete.  Luckily my date was waiting for me by the door so I was not embarrassed by this persons actions in front of her.... I told the gentleman behind the counter to please cancel the reservation and left because I was starting to get angry at the situation and I was too tired to deal with this person. My friend happily let me stay at her place after I told her what happened.... I feel like the situation could have been handled better since I myself am a manager at a restaurant and have to deal with a variety of people and situations and still put on a good face and try to resolve any problems with the best possible outcome. I did not feel like the guy behind the desk try to go out of his way or offer any other alternatives. I WILL NOT try to stay at this place ever again, like I said it looked like a fun place to be at but the situation left a bitter taste in my mouth.
4	The bar staff was awesome. Please say hello to Serena, Darlene and Cass - they were awesome. Sadly their boss' boss Dave was a bit of a prick.  Thankfully he wasn't serving drinks. I would return here for the drinks - ignore their leadership.
5	NOTE: Golden Gate has been in it's spot since 1906! They are the FIRST hotel in Downtown Las Vegas. So space may feel limited which did not bother me or my wife. My wife and I came to Golden Gate for the first time as we had visited Downtown Las Vegas for the first time. Our impressions of Golden Gate was absolutely amazing. My wife and I usually sleep on the strip and used to luxurious rooms at the Wynn, Trump and etc... Valet: I love the Golden Gate Valet. I never have to tell them that my car is SLAMMED. If you are anal about your car in downtown, park it there, go through the casino enjoy a drink with their friendly bartenders, then go out to Fremont. I always tip well here at the bar and valet.Check In: Absolutely amazing and fast. You can clearly tell that front desk knows what they are doing. I was wondering what they're penthouse suites looked like since that had amazing reviews. David the manager took my wife and I up the elevator and gave us an amazing tour of the room. IT'S SIMPLY JAW DROPPING. And we really enjoyed David showing us around as he informed us of what Golden Gate has to offer.Our room was more than satisfying. I don't understand what everybody's complaint is about space, you don't even spend time in your room when you're in Vegas except to sleep. Food "Du-Par's": I LOVE THIS PLACE. YES THEY'RE SHRIMP COCKTAIL IS TO DIE FOR~!!! Best way to describe this place is... I really feel like I am eating a home cooked american meal. And it's not like how other places advertise "home cooked meal". My favorite, corned beef hash and two eggs. get their pancakes. I was able to try them before I found out I have a gluten allergy, and they are amazing and I miss them so much. Casino: Overall feel is extremely lively. They're dancing dealers give a feel to a casino that you don't get anywhere else except the "D" which the owners are the same. The dealers here are friendly and nice. Only complaint about them.... they are slow.... very slow. I was introduced to Steven the casino host who also is a great gentleman. I felt like I was taken care of on the casino floor. Overall: My Wife and I really felt taken care of by the entire staff. We plan on reserving the penthouse anytime we have a decent size of friends and family coming. Our special thanks to David for telling us what to do around downtown. Thanks Golden Gate for a great time.
5	Have you ever been to Paris, France? This hotel is EXACTLY like a room you would get in Paris...as such you will either love it or hate it....I LOVE Paris and I LOVE the Golden Gate Hotel...
5	This hotel really impressed me. Things were stacked in the hotel's favor after I got the room for $9 ($20 more to be paid upon arrival) but still exceeded all expectations. The furniture and decor are of the style and quality of a boutique hotel but the small rooms & dated interior design enables the place to retain its old-Vegas and old-building charm. It's located at the eastmost end of Fremont St (right at Main St), giving you access to the Fremont Street Experience (gag), the Greyhound bus station (nice), and Las Vegas's burgeoning downtown/hipster scene (excellent). Wireless internet worked well. They were bumping the heat because Las Vegans think 40 degrees is cold - and AC was not an option - I could open the window but felt uncertain as to the safety of leaving it open overnight - there was also a whirring outside the window - I slept fine despite these potential issues. Desk staff were fine but didn't kill me with kindness.
1	No air conditioning! Was turned off for the year. Asked for extra pillows and towels several times. Never received them. Ask where the trash bins were never got them. While we wanted to stay at the Gate for historical measure, we ever so hot in our room our sheets were soaked every night. The water regulator was not good either. We did enjoy having the short walk to Fremont Street! While we sat and played the slots no drinks were offered us. We did receive comp drinks while we sat at the bar playing video poker.
4	Best place for cheap craps.  The dealers are fun and friendly.  Drinks take a while to get.
1	Ahh, the Golden Gate Casino. Where old school Vegas has come to die a slow and painful death. Anything and everything that used to make this place awesome, is now a figment of the imagination. Years ago they changed the restaurant and snack bar to Du-pars, which sucks hard core. The food is awful, and the famous 99 cent shrimp cocktail went to shit with it. Such a shame too, because coming to downtown hung over for a shrimp cocktail was the thing to do. One of the newest additions to try and cater to the young hip crowd is the addition of "flapper girls" who dance on the bars and in the table games area...which would be all fine and good if they weren't total heffers.Overall the place of a total train wreck dump.
2	First you get rid of Raoul and now you've dumped Jaime?!?!?!?!?YOU GUYS SUCK.
3	The Golden Gate is a pretty small hotel and casino, but it's a decent place to stay for the price. The hotels rooms are tiny, but if you just need a place to sleep and grab a quick shower, this works just fine. The bedroom area had updated furniture, but the bathroom in my hotel room looked dated. Everything was clean. It was slightly difficult to get the shower temperature just right (just a tiny turn of the knob turned the water scalding hot or freezing cold), but it was fine with just a bit of fussing. Wi-fi is free, but there is no table or desk to set up a laptop.All the employees are very friendly and helpful, especially the valets. The hotel is opens up right onto the Fremont street experience, and the diner has pretty tasty food. The pies are excellent!
1	Guest rooms remodeled in 2012, the guest bath rooms remodeled in 1912. Windows in guest room didnt shut or lock . Hall ways were very warm. Casino was nice. 22.00 a night hotel fee, 9.99 a day WIFI fee. No bell hop, I dont think we will stay there again. I wish i could give this a - star rating .
