2	DOZO Japanese Restaurant is a Good Restaurant Marred by FlawsDozo is a good restaurant with flaws that lower the experience, making me feel I endured Dozo rather than enjoyed it.  This is unfortunate as there are many good things about Dozo.I went to eat sushi for dinner and elected to eat at a table as I always do.  The sushi was served in a very nice order, 2 or 3 items to a plate.  If this was by design, great, otherwise, it still was a nice order of presentation.The Spider Roll was beautifully presented and the Crab was succulent.  Dozo has a nice selection of sake.The ambiance was pleasant.The worst flaw of Dozo is the extremely slow kitchen.  Painfully slow.Even though it was a Friday night, the restaurant was not completely full, and there were 3 sushi chefs.  Yet it took forever to get food.  And I was not alone.  Everyone seemed to be waiting long periods of time for their food. I am not an eat fast guy.  It took 2 hours to eat sushi at a table due to waiting for food.  Just incredibly slow kitchen.Inefficient Service.  Dozo seemed to be understaffed on waiters on what is one of their busiest nights.  On top of this, they utilize very in-efficient serving practices.  Why take away my water glass to refill it, depriving me of the use of it, and in one case forgetting to bring it back until I asked.  Sheesh.  Buy a water pitcher people.  The wait staff did seem to be trying hard.  Just adding a busboy would greatly improve service to free up the waiters.The Spider Roll was stone cold.  I am use to it being slightly warm which brings out the flavor more for me.  I do not know what is the authentic Japanese way to serve it, but I definitely prefer warm.  It was a bit pricey at $9.50.So allow lots of time and patience if you go to Dozo, and don't have anything else planned.  But you had better like your table company, as you are going to have a lot of time to interact with them.So not a bad experience, but I find myself not wanting to go back again just to endure more frustration.  Dining is supposed to be an entertaining, enjoyable experience, not something to be endured, and I feel I endured Dozo.
4	Dozo is one of my favorite neighborhood places to eat. The restaurant is clean and quiet, they have friendly expedient service, and a very good selection of Japanese dishes, sushi, and some desserts. The restaurant reminds me of the standard faire of cozy mom and pop restaurants that dotted the landscape outside of Amori or Hachinohe Japan in the years that I lived there. If the quality of the food is more important than a trendy location then give Dozo's a shake.
4	I love this little sushi spot - it's off the beaten path, so people don't often think of it when they think of Sushi. It's great though - good food, good service, nice atmosphere. I wouldn't say the sushi blows away the competition or anything, but it's certainly quality as well as being inexpensive.This place lives in a little unassuming strip mall, so it lacks the posh curb appeal first impression. It definitely makes up for it though by being a solid and reliable restaurant where you can get some tasty dishes. I tend to forget it's even there, so I'm always happy to remember it when my friend suggests it. Incidentally, he has a bit of a crush on a cute girl that works (or used to work) there, so he has 'dibs' on her (with his wife's permission).
4	The first thing that sticks out in my mind was the service.  Our waitress was all smiles and incredibly adorable!Edamame was perfectly steamedSushi was tastySalmon Teriyaki was delicioussake and kirin washed it all downprices are reasonable and the atmosphere is calming.
4	I rate Dozo 5 stars at dinner (when I wanted a relaxed meal) and 3.5 stars at lunch (when I needed efficiency and ordered lunch specials). Order a la carte at dinner an let 'em do what they do best.OK, the usual nigiri suspects were fine. if they have the escolar sashimi special, snap it up. The hot rocks are a decadent appetizer. I think they're made of mushrooms, crab, and something else (if I'm wrong, just eat them -- rich and delicious). Oysters -- fresh and terrific.Here's the thing: the service has been wonderful. One night I was with a birthday party of six. We were running late, the restaurant was 20 minutes to close when we got there, and it was practically empty. The owner pulled me aside to assure me that we shouldn't feel rushed and to enjoy ourselves at our own pace. The meal was outstanding and my friend had a great experience. Anecdotal evidence? Sure, but we were touched. They also did a great job with the interior -- anyone remember when this was a Chinese fast food joint? Playing Miles Davis and Thelonious Monk doesn't hurt, either.
4	If you are looking for a place just to be seen don't come here, go to Ra Sushi. This restaurant is slightly disconnected from "the Scottsdale scene" but this is some good sushi and sake. I'm the type of guy who gets the craving for sushi about once a month and I when I do I almost always go here. The service is great, the sushi is fresh, and the deluxe rolls are really worth it.
3	Dozu, nice environment, clean. One star.Friendly People: They let us in even though they weren't open yet and were very pleasant while we waited for them to be open. Star 2Star three: The Escolar sashimi special is a cheaper version of getting Toro when you can't afford it or they aren't serving any. It was nice and I recommend you try it if you visit. Just as we were finishing up they put Toro on the marker board. Ah well.Star ....4.... um no. Can't do it. The point is food that I like to eat and are willing to pay in the end what I paid for it.The sushi is not a high enough quality and I have become accustomed to better. Some of it reminded me of things I can get at the supermarket. My rolls weren't tight, a pet peeve of mine. The combination of things I tried (and we spent about $75) for a light dinner just didn't impress me. The Calamari was oldish, some strings and bits presented in a martini glass with a vinegary sauce to the side. No can do after eating thick tubes of calamari very fresh other places with a bit of lime or lemon. The gyoza, happy enough for my child, I didn't try one, but they look better than other places honestly. The happy hour rolls were small, loosely rolled and very grocery store style in content and flavor. The scallop one was probably the best, if I had to pick a best out of them. The larger rolls (we had Bonzai and Crazy and Futomaki) were slightly better and interesting, of those the Bonzai was my choice, the Futomaki my partners choice and the Crazy was the waitresses favorite. The dragon roll that walked past our table looked yummy, but we didn't order more, we were done.The waitress was very pleasant and happy. She refilled our drinks and was very enthusiastic about their food. I think she needs to try out some of the competition though, she may have never had sushi anywhere else. If I had not had sushi elsewhere I would probably love this place. If I drank the saki's I would probably love this place even more, it seems that they have quite a lot of selection and stuff to try. So if that's your thing it is worth a visit. I might return if I wanted to spend a night sampling the alcohols. Maybe I'll try the seafood Udon. I kind of wish I had, maybe it would tip my scale. Becoming a connoisseur is starting to affect my palate. I just can't eat the so-so sushi no matter how lovely the Arigato is when we leave.
4	If you are looking for a detailed review of the sushi here, I can't help you.  I am not a sushi eater.  You may tie me to the whipping post now.  My husband, however, LOVES sushi.  He would like nothing better than to live in Japan again.  And I will say he is very impressed with Dozo.Since our relationship is not all about me, I allow him to take me to dinner here once for every 20 times I make him eat Mexican food.  And I admit, I always enjoy it too.  They have a great menu in addition to sushi.  I always have a combination which is tempura with your choice of entree.  Fantastic tempura every time.  I've tried the katsu chicken, terriyaki salmon, and plum chicken as well.  Service is excellent.  The servers actually seem to appreciate your business and the sushi chef always thanks us as we are leaving even though we're not sitting at the sushi bar.  Relaxed, casual atmosphere.  No need to ho up to come here.  Very enjoyable.
4	Yeah! We finally have found a place with delicious, creative sushi!  It's just too bad that it's 30 minutes from my home. Hubby and I sat at the bar and was warmly greeted by one of the sushi chefs, Alan.   I love sitting at the bar so that I can watch the swift knife skills of the chefs.  This was my favorite experience of all time because Alan educated us on the different type of rolls he was making, the types of fish and their descriptions, and even how to select a good avocado at the grocery!  I usually have a difficult time conversing with the chefs because of their accents, but Alan spoke perfect English to us and Japanese to his co-workers.This is the place to go when you are not in a hurry.  You are here to dine and enjoy the food and each other.  If you have a movie to catch, don't order a bunch of rolls, you'll miss the previews I'm sure.  It was not a busy night and Alan had to ask the waitress three times to fill our water glasses.  Never good.  The sushi rolls on special were a bit more expensive than I'm used to, but it's Scottsdale, but it's in a strip mall...The food is worth the wait.  Order the Alan roll for something fresh and different. Enjoy!
4	Finally. I have a neighborhood sushi joint in Snottsdale to regularize. I love Hiro and Shiro (particularly Hiro @ Shiro), but the drive is not always conducive to how I like my sushi: with a side, or ten, of LoudMouth Soup.Went to Dozo last night with some fellow long-suffering Old Town diners. This is the real deal. Exact opposite of Stingray and RA. This is the kind of place where you are more apt to find a father and daughter eating together, rather than an old douche and some chick-for-hire that looks like she could be his daughter. It's not gonna change your culinary world. But it's real sushi with an emphasis on good rice and fresh ingredients. So Dozo is now my place.Notes:apparently korean run (update: chinese! the owners are from taiwan and they're super cool), i'm guessing you shouldn't  practice your japanese on them or you might just learn to say a lot of bad things in koreanthey have okinawan beerpretty good, and reasonable sake selectionlamb chops? seriously? they're great!
4	So when my sweet boyfriend sent me a text that said meet me at Dozo for sushi, I was a little nervous.  I'm very hesitant to try a new sushi place, mostly cause I'm just a big-baby-scaredy-cat.   But I put on my big girl pants and met the man at Dozo.  From the minute I walked in the door, I was charmed.  No screaming loud music?  No 19 year olds serving a food they likely know nothing about?  No scenesters to be found?  Dozo, I'm in love.  We started with edamame, which was steamed perfectly, very flavorful and lightly salted.  Then we moved on to the Crunchy California roll and a two-piece order of sake (salmon).  Both were delicious, but the sake in particular melted in my mouth.  Next came the caterpillar roll which was tasty, but a little loosely rolled for my taste.  Then a delicious unagi.  Then the bf wanted to order more, I didn't know if I could possibly eat anymore but he agreed to ask the friendly chef for a recommendation.  (Side-note: I love doing this, you get the most unexpected, delicious surprises when you turn a chef loose at his craft.)  What we got in return was the most perfect end to our meal: a spicy tuna roll, with tuna and avocado layered across the top, with a citrus sauce, unagi sauce and all those yummy crunchy bits sprinkled around it.  All of that plus two large Kirins and a flask of sake for about 60 bucks including tax and tip.  This place is clean, family run and very friendly.  Service was prompt and the chef was more than willing to educate us about what he was making or what was on the menu.  It was quiet in the restaurant with maybe only three or four other people in the place, but it was a Monday night.  Plus I like it that way....so shhhhh!  Even better....it is in the neighborhood.  We'll be back....often.
4	This is a great little place to grab a bite before heading out for a night in old town Scottsdale. I hadn't realized that this place changed hands and names about a year ago and is now a much better quality establishment. Very friendly staff, great food, great prices...It's a little slow here - likely because people associate it with the old fast-food place that was in this spot.Give 'em a try!
5	Dozo is a great little neighborhood Sushi Place. The food, sushi and cooked are wonderful and staff make you feel at home. The Crazy Roll was one of my favorites. I highly recommend Dozo if you are in South Scottsdale.
5	I don't miss much about Portland...but what I do miss, I miss a lot!With specific regard to good eats, I miss Lew's Dairy Freeze where they sold almost mystical coney island hot dogs...what the hell did they put in that sauce?!?!? It was great!I also miss Sumida's...Sumida san was sushi chef of the first water...trained as a sushi master since boyhood, he was the real deal.I loved to go to Sumida's for lunch and watch sumo on the big screen TV (Sumida san had a satellite dish...live sumo:) and eat until I felt like I was going to explode...so good, so relaxed, so "homey"...I even got know who was who in sumo:)Flash forward through SF to Scottsdale and directly to Dozo!No sumo on the big screen, but everything else is right at Dozo.Robert, the sushi master and owner is as scrupulous about his fish and process as Sumida san was and the results show in the sushi and sashimi...beautiful feasts for the eyes and a treat for your palette:)I had a business lunch there yesterday (that's right, I am getting to pick the lunch spots again:)I had the sushi and sashimi lunch...a bargain at $13!...nigiri sushi and sashimi, along with a salad and miso soup:) The sushi and sashimi are chef selections and always presented beautifully, created fresh for you, in the moment, by the sushi master:) I was going to go into detail about what he made for me but you know what, your sushi experience will be different and you should go to Dozo and try all of it...I have:)It's a sublime experience...I think a good sushi master knows what I want better than I do:)My lunch companion was not a sushi fan and went for the salmon teriyaki...he pronounced it some of the best he's ever had...always a reasonably good indicator of satisfaction:)There is not much more to tell you about Dozo...I don't know if it's the best in town (I hear good things about Yasu), but it may be the best in Scottsdale:)If they had sumo on the big screen, I might never leave:)Domo Arigato, Mr. Roberto:)
5	I went to Dozo because of the descriptions left on Yelp and I was not disapointed.  We passed two other Japanese places on the way and when I pulled up and saw the building facade, I was worried that we had made a mistake.  Then, we walked in and all was perfect.  Good food, good sushi, great service.  We celebrated a B-day and had the time of our lives!
5	Dozo is one of the best Sushi restaurants in AZ. I'm very picky when it comes to fish quality.  This place does not disappoint.  Their yellowtail and salmon is unbelievable.  For something even more unique, try the Escolar Sashimi.  It is a torch seared buttery flavored type of tuna that is served with a great jalapeno soy dressing with some mixed greens on the side.  This is a very unique dish if you like rich flavored sashimi.  Robert is the owner and the main sushi chef.  You can tell he takes great pride in his work and you can always watch him prepare the sushi dishes at the sushi bar.  If you are not familiar with their specials just ask and they will be glad to make a suggestion for you.  The staff is always friendly and does their best to make sure your experience is enjoyable.  I have brought many clients here on business dinners and all have been impressed.  Even friends from Japan are surprised with the quality of their fish - especially for AZ!!!  They also have great cooked items for the not so adventurous.  I suggest trying the grilled lamb chop, baked scallop or mussels, and the Hamachi Kama for cooked items.For those with a sweet tooth, their green tea tiramasu is to die for.  It is made by Robert's wife in-house so is is not always available.  Just ask and if they have it, it is a must try.
5	I just feasted at this place for the first time. My friend Flaco Feathers recommended it to me and I can't thank him enough. Everything looked awesome and tasted even better. The sushi was a thousand times better than Ra and Kona Grill. The yellow tail was delicious and so was the hamachi kama. I think I will probably have to eat here at least once a week and I live in central Phoenix. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for fresh and tasty sushi.
4	My favorite local sushi spot for years! Don't be misled by the outside of the building. Back in the day this was an El Pollo Asado, complete with a drive through window, intially when I first visited Dozo, this almost prevented me from venturing inside. So glad I took a  chance! Sushi is always fresh, I have never had a bad experience, and at times I visit Dozo several times a week.  You can dine at the sushi bar or at booths. The decor inside is simple and comtemporary. Service is great, but may not be the best option for you if you are in a hurry. Say hello to owners Rissa & Robert they are so friendly and if you are a regular they will remember your name and order...who doesn't love a place where everybody knows your name? Ha!
5	When we are in the mood for Sushi we hit up DOZO.  The best Sushi in town.  And Robert the owner remembers his customers by name.  Very Very good service, very clean.  Beats IchiBan or overpriced Benni Hannas by a mile. The wait can sometimes be long, like other readers suggested but when you bring a date or friends its not bad!! I think that it may take a little long because everything is made to perfection.  GREAT SERVICEGREAT FOOD 5 STARS for ME.
4	Great stuff, far above the average old town scottsdale sushi quality, great place for fresh tasting sushi.Good for a calm or quite date night, will deff be going back.
4	Fresh, Flavorful and the service was Friendly!*The Scenario:Visiting Scottsdale for the weekend and found myself craving sushi after working all day on a Saturday (I know, I know). It was about 9pm, I was starving so I Yelped what was in the area and found Dozo. A quick call and I was able to place an order that was ready five minutes after I got there (to be fair they told me it would take 20 minutes and it only took them 15). The Pick Up: A friendly hostess greeted me when I arrived and showed me where I could wait. A few newspapers were lined up so I had something to read while I waited. One of the servers stopped by to see if I needed anything to drink. He knew exactly what order I was waiting for and told me that the sushi chef was making it then. The sushi chef overheard us and waved. My wait was less than five minutes and I was out the door with very reasonably priced sushi in hand. The Food: As I mentioned above, the sushi was very fresh, flavorful and quite tasty. I didn't go crazy and try unique rolls since I didn't have a menu with me when I ordered. But I appreciated the unique twist to average rolls. Even the veggie roll offered vegetables beyond the normal ones you see. If I lived in the area, I would be there all the time. This review was brought to you by the letter "F".
4	A Winner!  Great Sushi and Sashimi served by an attentive waitstaff willing to make suggestions and work with chef on non-menu items. Tried 4 different Japanese beers.  A Great Spot.
4	This is the sort of restaurant that really benefits from a site like Yelp. Most people wouldn't even think twice about stopping at this place - it sits in the corner of a mediocre shopping plaza, and appears to have previously been a Kyoto Bowl or something. In fact, the drive in signs are still up. But, based on reviews here, myself and a couple of friends checked it out. Definitely a great experience. We sampled 5 of the different sushi rolls, and all of them were excellent. As none of us are very knowledgeable regarding sake, we asked for a chef recommended sake sampler and received a nice mixture of sakes ranging from sweet to bitter. There was a cloudy looking unfiltered one that was particularly good.The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was due to pretty lackluster service on an empty night (even though it was about 7:30 on a Friday), along with a group of noisy children.
5	First time I've ever had Monk fish liver, Spanish mackerel sashimi then the skeleton fried and served again, very new for me.  And very good.  This place has great service, and always new and fresh sushi and sashimi.
4	What a great secret find! This hidden sushi spot is small, quiet, and intimate. My friend and I sat at the sushi bar and the service was great. The sashimi was very fresh and the portions are good. The roll I had ordered was so so, but they have a good mix of traditional and special rolls. It was overall a pretty good experience.
4	How did I not find this place before??? Gosh, I wish they would do some advertising because the sushi is VERY good!! Dozo is more of your "hard core" sushi joints. I like that! No frills - just good, fresh sushi. We had the volcano roll, hamachi nigiri w/ scallions, assorted veggie roll and inari. All very good!! The service was great. Our server was very knowledgeable and friendly. This is my new favorite sushi place and I will be back for more!! SPREAD THE WORD!! THEY NEED MORE CUSTOMERS!! I don't want them going anywhere!
4	Very good sushi. Thanks fellow helpers for the reccommendation. I visited this place while on a business trip and wasn't disappointed. Will definitely come back. Sushi was far better than the fancy places on Scottsdale Blvd.
5	Don't let the "I used to be some sort of restaurant with a drive-through" appearance fool you - Dozo is a GREAT spot for Japanese food.  A place where the food is tasty, the staff is friendly and it is not over-styled and trying to be a nightclub.  The word dozo can be translated as "please", as in "be my guest".  My friend and I have certainly been made to feel very welcome on (multiple!) visits.  Sushi?  Oh yes!  Consistently fresh and nicely presented.  Try the yellowtail sashimi, albacore tataki or maybe a Dynamite roll stuffed with slightly spicy scallops.  Your taste buds will thank you.  Not a fan of fish in the raw?  No problem!  Dozo has an extensive selection of cooked items, including a to-die-for hamachi kama (yellowtail collar) served with a light, citrusy ponzu.  Wait, forget that part.  Don't order that or there won't be enough for me!  :)If you like loud music, shot girls and lots of California rolls topped with gooey sauces, Dozo is not for you.  That is why I like it.Itadakimasu!!
5	we have been searching for a good sushi place for years in phoenix, and clearly, a few month before we're leaving we found it.a few weeks ago we were going out for date night and decided to head up to the scottsdale area.  i read about dozo on yelp, checked out the menu online, and decided it would be worth the drive.on our first trip we got the alaskan roll, the tuna lover roll, tuna sashimi and halibut sashimi.  the halibut was a recommendation from the sushi chef.  it came with a ponzu sauce and i thought it was delicious.  the tuna sashimi was melt in your mouth delicious.  i didn't even want to dip it in soy sauce the flavor was so nice.the one we really fell in love with was the tuna lover roll.  you get spicy tuna inside, avocado and tuna on the top, and then they fry up tempura and put it on the sides of the roll.  on one side of the tempura they drizzle a spicy sauce and on the other eel sauce.  now, i'm a huge fan of eel sauce and they do it very well.  all the elements work so well together - the wonderful tuna, creamy avocado and crunch from tempura.the alaskan roll was very good, but i think just got overwhelmed by all the tuna deliciousness.as others have said, don't let the strip mall and former drive thru fool you.  this place is definitely worth a try!
3	Actually I give it 3.5 stars. After reading some good reviews on Yelp I took a friend to eat dinner here. The restaurant is in an unassuming building in an unassuming strip mall. I was encouraged, because some of best joints I've eaten in were hole in the walls. The decor was basic sushi bar and comfortable. When I go to a new place I order a few "control" items just to see how they stack up against other restaurants. Ikura, saba and masago among other things. These items test the skill and freshness of the place. I was disappointed that they ran out of masago. We ordered a few other items and rolls for dinner. I did find an appetizer that was strange for a sushi place, it was lamb chops. I ordered some and they were good. The food here was good but, nothing stood out and wowed me. The service was very good and we did not have to wait long for anything. Overall The prices, food and restaurant was average Phoenix sushi fair.
3	There are two really great things about this place: (1) happy hour prices(2) nice peopleNotice, that I did not mention the actual quality of the food.  We spoke with the sushi chef/owner for a bit and found that he actually moved from the Bay Area.  He never owned a restaurant before, nor has he made sushi before.  It was evident in the rolls that they made.  The rolls almost looked and tasted like they were just following a guide book on making sushi.  With that said, I still wouldn't mind going again because of the happy hour deal.
4	As much as I enjoy the cute and fancy pants places in Scottsdale, when you want REALLY delicious sushi, without the crowd this is the place for you. The staff is super friendly, the prices are reasonable and again, the sushi is great!
4	Be here during happy hour. Drinks are very affordable w/ $3 dinner items...as well as a full menu. The first order of food was served within 15 minutes
5	Probably some of the best quality sushi in the valley! I loved how quiet and not busy it was. They had plenty of rolls to chose from and the prices were not outrageous, they were actually cheap for such good fish! The flavors were good and the bill was $50 for 3 people to order 9 rolls!! Crazy good!It is definitely not somewhere to drop in quickly bc it does take a while to get the food to the table. Perfect for a night out with friends or a date to talk without being rushed or bothered. I will definitely be back as soon as possible!!
4	I love this place! I found it on Yelp when I was looking for a cheap sushi place in Scottsdale and was very pleasantly surprised. I've been a few times now and I have always gotten a ton of food and came out with money still in my pocket. A great alternative to the other places in Scottsdale that try to be chic and hip so they can justify charging you an arm and a leg for two rolls. Only one complaint: Last time I went to Dozo they were really crowded and it seemed like they only had one server trying to work the entire restaraunt. My girlfriend and I had horrible service and a simple meal (about 4-5 dishes) turned into an hour+ ordeal where we constantly had to ask for things by flagging down staff members. I will be returning, but I hope to get better service next time!
1	Rancid smoked salmon, ammoniated sea urchin, and what seemed like a gallon of over reduced and scorched "eel sauce" on pretty much every roll ruined what I had heard from reliable sources was a good, if not great, restaurant. I really want to try it again but I am honestly afraid to. Bummer!
4	Good sushi + a good price = winner. It's hard to find a decent place for sushi that doesn't cost an arm and a leg...except at dozo. Here you get the best of both. I really like the amount of specialty rolls they have here and the favor combos. The prices for the rolls are great too with the specialty rolls topping out at like $11-12 for 8 rather large pieces and they don't skimp on the fish in them. A good judge is that a  negihama roll had not chopped yellowtail but slices of fish and plenty of scallion for i think $5.The only things keeping this place from a 5 star are that it can take awhile to get the food (even when you are the only people there) and some of the rolls aren't wrapped well so it's hard to pick them up with chopsticks. But These are really outweighed by the quality of the fish and the prices.
4	I love sushi, and Dozo is THE place for sushi.  A coworker turned me on to this place, and I haven't gone anywhere else since - even thought Dozo is about 25 miles away from the house.The quality of the fish is incredible.  The salmon is so smooth, soft and velvety, it just melts in your mouth.  The octopus is crisp, but not at all rubbery, with just the right tang of salt.  The whitefish, like the salmon, is just sublimely soft and fresh.  If there is one type of fish there that is less than incredible, it is the tuna.  I'll admit that I'm spoiled because I used to live near a fish monger who had the most delectable tuna on the planet, but the stuff at Dozo tends to be a little flavorless.  Granted, it is better than most I've had here, but relative to the salmon, octopus, whitefish, mackerel... anything else... it falls a little flat.The boyfriend doesn't eat fish, but has gotten the chicken katsu both times he was there with me.  Very tender, the breading isn't over whelming and the sauce is delish.  If I were to ever want something other than sushi (yeah, right), I could see ordering this.And, best of all - it isn't expensive.  The first time I went there, I was expecting Scottsdale prices. But everything is competitive: ~$5 for your normal rolls, and about $9 for more complex ones (like Rainbow Rolls).Absolutely love it.
3	The fact that I can walk 2 min from my townhouse to Dozo is 5 stars in my book.  Of all of the sushi restaurants in AZ, this would be as close to a true traditional Japanese sushi restaurant.  All of the employees are very attentive, soft spoken, respective, and nice!  The ambiance is dimly lit, quiet, clean, and usually not crazy busy which creates a sense of tranquility. Try getting that at some of the other Scottsdale sushi spots.  Not a chance!  The building itself is odd (not sure what drive thru business used to be there) and being in a shopping plaza probably hurts it's desirability but again it couldn't be more perfect for me.  I love their saki menu...although I am not a connoisseur in the field, their menu description makes me feel like I should be a little more versed....my 3's are most people's 4 or 5's.....a def must if you live nearby.
5	Sit at the bar and let the sushi chefs take you on a delightful journey out of Scottsdale! For inland sushi it is five stars. Not any of the pretentious bs that you can find in Scottsdale. Just delicious combinations of  fresh fish and flavors.
5	Since I live down the street, I can't believe I haven't been here sooner. (I've eaten at the location once before, when it was a different (I think Chinese) restaurant, but that wasn't very good.)I went here with my boyfriend and his parents while they were in town. The three of them lived in Japan for quite some time, and have had a hart time finding a Japanese restaurant that is on par to what they're used to. Dozo is that place. I forget what his mom had, but she absolutely loved it. My boyfriend had Udon, and he loved it too. He thinks a good udon is a sign of a good restaurant, and apparently it's pretty hard to find quality udon. His dad had octopus something and devoured it. My palate is rather immature, so I stuck with fried tofu. Delicious! I've had fried tofu from other places that was just gross and soggy, but theirs was to die for. The waiter brought out a variety of sauces for me, and even though I thought it would be gross, the eel sauce was divine. I think I've had half a dozen dreams about that tofu since eating there. Oh, another plus was the Ramune I had didn't explode all over the place. I took it outside just to be safe, but that was the first time I didn't end up wearing a portion of it. (AND it must have been a lucky bottle, because I bought some later and none of them exploded either :)The prices are excellent. The staff is great. If I wasn't on a cook-at-home kick we'd probably eat here every day.
4	I've passed by this place several times and it always seemed like it was closed.  They have lunch hours and dinner hours and this particular Friday we showed up at about 5:30pm.  We were the first ones in the restaraunt and they were very accomidating with our young child, not to mention extremely friendly.  Regulars began pouring in and pretty quickly the place began to pack in.  It is a small restaraunt, but they seemed to have a pretty decent dinner rush by the time we were done with dinner.  Having checked in with Yelp before making our decision, we were excited to try out a local sushi place in our neighborhood.  Happy hour is weekdays starting at 5 which put us at perfect timing.  We had edamame and gyoza off of the happy hour menu and the salmon roll which was delicious.  We also had the bonzai roll which is my new favorite.  Flavorful and filled with my favorites, shrimp and eel and crab.  YUM! Having come from Eastwind in North Phoenix, this place is defintiely our new hangout for sushi.  The prices are extremely reasonable, so come with your appetite and be ready to try something new.  You won't be disappointed.
5	I have been to Dozo the last two trips to Phoenix and I love this restaurant.  The dishes are extremely unique and the taste is great!  I love the fact that the quality of everything is superb.  Thank you for such a great restaurant!!!
3	I have passed by this place a bunch of times and finally decided to stop in and give it a try. The service was good and so was the sushi. The only drawback is that the place has no ambiance and no full bar. It was also kind of quiet and not a lot of other patrons. Other than that, good sushi and friendly service.
5	Best dragon roll and las vegas roll ever.  Normal sushi bar - not typical the typical, phony, hallow scottsdale.  I love this place.
4	Excellent.  Stopped by for lunch and ordered the Sushi & Sashimi Lunch Special.  The presentation was great as each item came out as a separate course, instead of in a bento box.  The tamago was very good and obviously made in-house.  I'm going to make this a regular stop.
2	Over priced and bad service. Last time I ate there with my family it took over an hour to get our food and 20 minutes to get our drinks.
1	Horrible.  I have come here three times and each experience got progressively worse. The first time  I came based on the positive reviews.  I ordered 3 rolls.  Service was.. odd.  They brought out 1 roll at a time.  In the meantime, I was starving like crazy and quite annoyed that each time I finished one roll, I still sat there waiting for my next, and next.  I was pretty disappointed by the rolls too (can't remember which I ordered) but their saving grace was the Volcano roll which came last.  This volcano roll has had me come back 3 more times (only take out, because I didn't feel like dealing with their service again).  The first time I took out, I ordered two volcano rolls.  They were thrown together, all meshed up, never mind the presentation.  Sushi is all about presentation.  Oh well, it tasted great anyway. The second take out, my husband and I ordered the same volcano roll x 2.  My husband wasn't so blown away and said, "That was not worth $25.00" (Have I mentioned that the roll is some $11.00??  I can go to a fancy sushi restaurant for that kind of price).  The rolls were sort of dry and thrown together with holes inside.  I chalked it up to them not caring about their take outs.  We agreed, we wouldn't come back FF to tonight.  I was starving for sushi and I didn't want to deal with walking into the W in my PJ's, soooo.. I re-yelped Dozo and let all of these positive reviews sway me.  I ordered a volcano (Shrimp tempura with spicy tuna) and a red dragon (crab with spicy tuna).  Horrible.  Again, holes inside the sushi, and you would laugh if you saw how much shrimp was inside the sushi.  Instead, they filled with a ton of hard, dry, tempura (the breadcrumbs).  The spicy tuna wasn't spicy at all.  The crab (a $12.00 roll) was so dry and fried that the meat had turned brown.  It's like they pre-fried and then threw it in the microwave.  Many of the pieces would fall apart as soon as you tried to pick it up, it's so dry.  The only thing they got right this time : the presentation.  I didn't even recognize the volcano roll this time - I don't think thats what I ended up getting.  $26.00 for two rolls after tax for pick up - I will.never.come.back and I don't understand these reviews.  I haven't posted a review in a couple of years but after poking holes into that sushi roll to remove all those rocks of tempura, it's the first thing I did.
3	Service was extremely slow, but I blame that on management. One server for 20 tables is not an appropriate ratio. Calamari and Miso Soup appetizers were lukewarm and bland.With that said, Sushi was unbelievable. Some of the best I've had in Scottsdale. If you aren't in a hurry and don't order appetizers, Dozo will not disappoint!!!!
4	Happy hour here is great! I've been here a few times with friends and the hubbie. We love their happy hour, though not much selection but your cravings will be certainly satisfied with what they have to offer. =)It's a small place but can house a pretty good amount of patrons. Ambiance is very nice, specially for a quiet dinner with your loved ones. Service is fast enough. I never had a bad experience on all the occasions I've been here, we even made friends with one of the servers. I particularly like the taro chips, veggie roll, calamari cocktail and sunomono. These are all personal favorites but I guess the hubbie share the same..heehee =) Pricing is very fair especially for happy hour. I've also recently discovered that they now have Boba drinks which are priced very reasonably and have flavors that I've never tried before! I will surely try this one next time I stop by for HH..I totally recommend this place, it's a very neat and quiet restaurant tucked in a good complex where you can also do grocery and shopping, all in one stop! =)
5	been driving by this place for years - now I'm kicking myself for not trying it sooner...  hands down, the BEST sushi in Scottsdale!
4	Great, neighborhood sushi place. Low key and delicious, without being Scottsdale-pretentious. Good for an easy Wednesday when you don't feel like cooking, or Saturday date night.
5	My hidden sushi gem :)  I've been recommending this place for years and they have never been disappointed.  Robert is great!  Behind the sushi bar, he welcomes everyone as they should be, a guest in his home.  If you take the time to introduce yourself, he will remember you on your subsequent visits.The best experiences we have ever had at Dozo is to leave our dining experience in his hands.  Often times we are able to try new things we would not have previously thought of.Give yourself some time here, plates come out as they are prepared as Robert and crew put a lot of love into each dish that is prepared.  This is what a sushi dining experience is about!Dozo is a must!!
2	More like Do-press-Zo.So, I was exhausted last night. I'd worked all day and generally wanted to pass out at soon as I walked through my door. My fridge is always in a general state of empty lately so I took to trusty ol' Yelp and immediately decided I wanted sushi.I spied Dozo and got excited at how it was about 1.4 seconds away from my place. I rang in my order of an assorted veggie roll, avocado roll, seaweed salad and fried tofu. Yes, it was a metric shit-ton of food but I figured I'd probably have a few leftovers and make a tasty tried tofu/salad concoction today for lunch or something. The whole shebang, including tip because I'm not an asshole and yes, take-out orders should get tipped, set me back $22.Everything was boxed up and ready to go as soon as I walked in and I ravenously went through the styrofoam (boo) containers once I was back in my kitchen. My first thought upon opening the seaweed salad box: "I paid $4 for THAT?!" There was less than half a cup of the stuff thrown into the box. Second thought: "There is nothing of that color in nature." It was BRIGHT, ELECTRIC bluey-greeny. It was kind of breathtaking, to be honest. I have a personal rule that I don't eat any blue food because it simply doesn't naturally exist (even blueberries are purple) and this was just...I've used more natural-colored toothpaste, let's put it that way. The taste was fine; it was definitely not good enough or enough food to warrant $4. It was almost laughable.I've been spoiled by Blue Koi in Kansas City's fried tofu and their amaze-delish, cliantro-laden thai chili awesome sauce...silly me expected something of that caliber. Nope. The slabs of tofu were barely fried and bland...this is why people hate tofu. They think it all tastes like this. I ate not even half the amount because...why waste the calories?The avocado and veggie rolls were slapped together haphazardly...At only $4.00 and $4.50 I didn't expect pristine sushi construction and huge portions but...the size of each piece of avocado roll was that of a thimble. And they fell apart upon chopstick pick up. To their credit, the veggies were freshfreshfresh and delicious. The wasabi? I'm not sure if it was old or WHAT but it was MILD. I wanted something, anything to pep up the plate of food in front of me. At least the ginger was fresh?  Weak sauce, Dozo.
2	Service: standard japanese place.Portion: smallQuality: cheap fishTaste: too fishy I'm surprise that many sushi restaurants are trying to make profit by cutting corner. Making a good sushi is not all that too difficult. every sushi restaurant are using the same ingridients. Rice, fish and condiments. (Including the rice vinegar, soy sauce, mayo, etc) bottom line is, that there is no secret on making good sushi. its not like trying to cooking french food or some bbq with secret recipes.the bad about this place. The Rice is not properly marinated, The seaweed was very chewy and they are not using fresh fish - or at least, get a good ones. I know its the desert but you can still get a good fish.the food from kitchen is actually not bad (tempura, tonkatsu, udon)overall, if you are looking for good sushi, this isn't the place.
5	I eat sushi often and I'm also a regular at Dozo.I can assure anyone who reads this that it is a quality restaurant. The food is excellent and there are many things on the menu that are not always available at other sushi places in the area: Escolar, Spanish mackerel & Uni (even though I'm not a fan of Uni anywhere, lol) just to name a few.Apart from the food being excellent the thing that makes Dozo one of my favorite restaurants is Robert. He's the owner and the sushi chef. He's always got a smile on his face and has that natural knack for good customer service because, unless he's the best actor ever,  he's actually happy to see you. The same goes for his wife who is usually serving.I've seen a couple less than ecstatic reviews and for someone who's been to this place too many times to count I'm a little surprised. That's just never been my experience.Dozo comes highly recommended from me.
2	I wish I could give them a better review. I just don't think the food is fresh. The service is friendly, but it's just not enough to keep me coming back.
2	Neighborhood spot with great prices, but hit and miss fish. I prefer a sure thing.--excellent yellowtail tells me the potential is there, perhaps i have to be a regular to get the good stuff because# ikura made me want to vomit# tuna, salmon sashimi fishy, not fresh (this is why people don't like sushi... 'cause they haven't had good fresh fish)# masago not fresh# Tamago not tightly folded, seaweed wrapper not crispy and dryif only i could have had more pieces like that yellowtail!
5	Always the best!
4	Dozo is located in a strip mall that also has a Pet Smart and TJ Max.  Very quaint with traditional decor.  Pretty extensive sushi menu and variety of entrees.  Stopped in for dinner last night and as you'd expect, it wasn't very crowded on a Tuesday night.  However, the service was very good and the food was very tasty.  Miso soup was good (could have been hotter), green salad with a Shoyu vinaigrette dressing was very good.   Had the Chicken Teriyaki and Tempura combo (only $13).  The Tempura was crispy and had 2 shrimp, 2 carrots, 2 zucchini, 2 broccoli and 2 kabocha.  Teriyaki had a hint of sesame flavor.  Very good portions and a good meal.
4	Overall I like this sushi place. It has more of the family feel when you go there rather than  lets drink a lot of alcohol and party vibe. It's not my top pick, but every time I have been here, the service has been great, staff super friendly, and sushi fresh. I would go back. The only unfortunate thing about this place...if you are looking for sushi on a Sat or Sun before 5, they aren't open...I've made this mistake before. Also, this place isn't really the spot to go to if you want a killer happy hour.
5	Best sushi in all of Scottsdale!
5	Consistently great sushi! Can always count on having a good experience here, chefs are very friendly and approachable if you have questions or conversation.
4	OK, the food is excellent.  Tempura batter is light, served nice and hot, and a huge assortment of veggies and shrimp.Sushi?  Can't go wrong with anything on the menu, and all so non-Scottsdale priced!  Definitely pay attention the specials on the board.Dinner entrees - equally huge and a great value, and, very tasty.Only loses a point because the location and atmosphere is kinda eh, but it's clean, servers are always sociable and efficient, and again, the food rocks.Go!
4	Nice neighborhood sushi restaurant. The converted fast food restaurant is done well, with warm tones and nice lighting. The service is great, from the greeting to the thank yous.Extensive menu eith a good selection of unique rolls... The Sun Devil roll was wonderful.My local fav so far.
5	Great food at a quality price!! I went here for my birthday in a group and they were Rey accomodating and one of the few places that would actually accept reservations for a group on a Saturday night!! Service was good also and the employees were extremely nice!! definitely will come here again!!
4	Loved it. First visit makes me wanna go back very soon. Stopped in and a had a little of everything. Spicy tuna roll ($4) on HH, Gyoza ($3), edamame ($2) Tempura mixed ($4) and ordered yellowtail sushi too. Awesome, fresh, quick. Will be back fro sure.
5	I've eaten sushi all over the country, taken classes in how to make sushi, and my aunt and uncle own a company that sells salmon for sushi, mostly to Japan - and Dozo is still my favorite place to get sushi.  The chef is VERY friendly and puts together some amazing flavor profiles.  I only wish they were on the coast, since they (like every other sushi place inland) have to get their fish from one of two suppliers.  Still, I've never had any problem with the quality of the ingredients, and Dozo far surpasses any of the experiences I've had elsewhere in Scottsdale (Stingray, ugh).Try the sushi pizza, trust me.  I will the next time I'm in town.
3	hard to make good sushi in phx so dozo is already behind the 8 ball.  just not great for sushi.  rolls might be ok but if you want authentic sushi, this is not the place to go...altho i'm not sure of anywhere in phx that you can get good sushi!dozo gets a one star in LA but 3 in phx
4	Local. Genuine.  Accommodating.If you need a break from the Scottsdale hipster theme, come see Robert and Resa @ Dozo.  Atmosphere is low-key contemporary, perfect for conversation with good friends. Bring a group for happy hour and they will seat you in a separate area, perfect for 8-12+ .Noodle dishes are yummy.Best test of their sushi is the Badera.  Mmmmmmm.....Location is just 4 blocks east of Scottsdale Rd., in TJ Maxx center (ladies, youknow where that is!)Sadly, I moved to NC and could not take them with me.  However, was there last night and it's all still good; in fact they have expanded their menu.
1	Possibly the worst sushi I had in Phoenix area. maybe the place is good for Happy Hour but for lunch the sushi was terrible and not even cheap! Also extremely small portions. There are so many better alternatives.
4	Yesterday, our sushi quest brought us to downtown Scottsdale, where Dozo seemed like the most promising option.  I didn't think it would be top tier sushi on the way over, and the unassuming exterior of the building certainly didn't raise any expectations.  But some of the best sushi bars have humble exteriors, so this didn't deter us.We started with the miso soup, which was average, and made our order: pork belly, salmon kama, albacore tataki sashimi, escolar sashimi, mackerel sushi, amaebi sushi, and salmon roe.The pork belly was pretty good.  Not my favorite, but definitely tasty enough.  The salmon kama was decent; the kama is always my favorite part of the fish, and this did not disappoint.  Turns out I slightly prefer yellowtail kama, however (which they had), but that's because I like cooked yellowtail more than cooked salmon.The escolar sashimi was disappointing - they garnished it with pickled jalapenos and tobiko, with a touch of ponzu; I would have much rather had it ungarnished, or at least sans jalapeno.  I like the flavor of escolar, and if I'm going to risk the diarrheaic side effects of escolar, I want to really taste it.  The albacore tataki, on the other hand, was superb.As far as the sushi goes, the shrimps were good, along with their fried heads.  The mackerel and salmon roe were pretty average, which I guess is not a bad thing.Finally, we finished with the tempura ice cream, which was the best tempura ice cream I have had in Phoenix.  I probably said that two weeks ago after having it at Hiro Sushi, but this one was even better.  Solid B+ on the tempura ice cream.It also turns out this place is reasonably priced.  I have paid over twice as much for sushi on several occasions, and rarely spend less.  Hard not to appreciate this place, when they give you reasonably good sushi for such a reasonable price.
5	I'm not a sushi expert, but I have eaten a lot in a lot of different places and I LOVE this place!  I love that it's a total surprise because it's in a strip mall and in what I think is an old Der Wienerschnitzel building, but when you go inside you feel like you're in a nice little restaurant in Japan.  I love that it's not trendy or flashy, just clean and comfortable and welcoming.  I love that the chefs are Japanese, unlike half the sushi places here.  I'm not saying you have to be Japanese to make good sushi, but it definitely adds an aura of authenticity.  And I really love the sushi and the rolls.  I almost never use the soy sauce or wasabi and ginger because it just tastes so good on its own.  And you can walk in at 7:00 PM on a Friday night during the winter tourist season and get a booth because this is a locals joint.  My husband and I love to go out and eat out a lot, but this place is our favorite.
2	Uggg.  I was on the fence as to even write a review because I really, really wanted to love this place, but I didn't.  I just moved to the area, so you can imagine my excitement when I discovered on Yelp that there was a more "hole in the wall"  sushi place in my area, other than the bigger restaurants such as RA, Stingray, Kona(which I all love, but I am a sushi freak...could eat it every day, and love the weird stuff).  After working late this past Tuesday, I had a need for ikura and a big glass of wine.  So, Dozo sounded like the perfect "first try" restaurant in my area.  I walked in to a pretty crowded restaurant, so this seemed like a great sign to me.  I stood at the front desk, looking around and seeing that the waitresses and the sushi bar guys clearly saw me.  This indication probably should have led me straight back out the door.  After about 5 minutes of standing, a lady comes and seats me.  She comes back promptly to take my drink order...glass of Kendal Jackson chardonnay and a water.  Those come out quickly, and she takes my order, so far so good.  Squid salad, ikura, and sweet shrimp with heads(told you I liked the weird stuff).  After looking around, I noticed about 4 tables(and this is a small place) were not cleaned off at all, and the couple next to me was waiting and looking around for a sauce for their tempura(which I saw her bring sans sauce a good couple minutes before).  With their sauce in hand, she brings me my squid salad.  It was good, small portion, but squid salad is always pretty small(it was $6).  Then, I do not see the waitress for 30 min.  I had sent a text around the time when she brought my squid, so I knew the exact time.  After 30, she came over and said the food should be right up. My wine is now gone, and I am pretty annoyed.  I ask her to bring my check with the food, as I do not want to wait another who knows how long for that to come.  She then comes over, without my food, and tell me they are out of ikura, and would I like something else.  WTF?!?!  NO, I just waited 35 minutes for you to tell me you are out of something that should literately take 1 minutes to make.  A couple minutes later my sweet shrimps arrived and the bill.  The shrimps were pretty good, and the heads too.  Not spectacular, but standard.  My bill was $22(8.50 for the glass of wine, yikes).  I asked her if it always takes this long, as I just moved to the area and was planning on coming here quite often.  She said since the cold snap let up, more people came to have dinner than usual. I don't know if that's convincing enough to try again, as other reviews clearly stated they were understaffed.  My relaxing dinner for one turning into a stressful(and small) dining nightmare.I love sushi so much, that I will most likely give this place another chance, due to the proximity to my house.  I really hope I can write a better review next time : (
4	If there was an option for 3 1/2 stars, I would have chosen that one. I bumped it up to 4 due to sushi and prices.  I love, love, love this place for sushi. It is my favorite in the valley. Have I had better sushi, yes, but not in Phoenix.  My biggest issue is the service. It can range from downright friendly, to "hello...I swear I am sitting here and I exist".  So word of warning, if you go on the right day (which to be honest can vary), you get great service and sushi, with reasonable prices. You go on an off-day (which seems more frequent), be prepared to wait, and wait...Dozo, I do love you though you make me wait:)
5	Best place to listen to J-Pop in Scottsdale.
1	Quick background: Asian guy who loves sushi in Phoenix for the Dodgers Spring Training. I was weary of venturing into Giants' territory (Scottsdale) for sushi of all things. But upon yelping the entire city for a half decent Japanese restaurant... our group was directed to Dozo. Big mistake in trusting the "star-rating" over the actual reviews; will explain.First impression:::::We walk into Dozo which is located a few blocks from the Giants' Spring Training facility and inside of a plaza with a TJ Maxx. The restaurant was dark and about 75% of the tables were occupied. Good so far. We get seated right away. No Giants' fans to be spotted, even better.Menu:::::: Nothing out of the ordinary. You got your rolls found in every Japanese restaurant; your California Rolls, your Spider rolls, nigari etc. etc. They also have bento boxes @ $11 and up. :::::::::We ordered 3 specialty rolls and 3 orders of Nigiri to start off almost as soon as we were handed the menu. You would assume placing your order means that you get your food shortly right? Nope. Begin the clock. With nothing to do besides talk and drink the water we were given. Minutes fly by and before I knew it, it was already 40 minutes after our order and a group of 10 Giants fans walk in. As I curse quietly to myself I log onto my Yelp app to actually read reviews about the place. At this point it is more than 45 minutes after we ordered and I stumble upon Jamie M.'s review where she mentioned that it took the the staff over 35 minutes for them to inform her that something she ordered was unavailable. As I read it to my group we are FINALLY served after 50 minutes. Food:::::Spider roll: Made of 6 average sized pieces of sushi (costed $12.50 btw). The fried soft shell crab was missing a key ingredient... the soft shell crab. Also this roll was poorly rolled... by that I mean just using my chop sticks to even attempt to place it in my mouth was a chore. The rice was not even sticking to the sushi "filling" and was breaking apart before I even got to chew it. I was too hungry to really complain I just ate 2 pieces and onto the next.Salmon/Albacore Nigiri: Each piece was about 2"x1" inches and the fish was wafer thin. Not worth it.Four Seasons Roll: Another $12 roll. The roll was so unmemorable I don't even recall what was in it.  Would I again pay $12 for this? You probably already know the answer.Red Dragon Roll: ..... I would review this if we actually got to eat it. Back to Jamie M's review. It is now 55 minutes after we ordered. And after indiscriminately devouring what we were finally served... the waitress trouts out and says basically, "Oh hey, remember that Red Dragon Roll? We don't have any more soft shell crab. Would you like to get the Eel instead?"  I have no ill feelings towards her but we were pretty pissed off. You know when you hear of someone's bad experience that you hope it doesn't happen to you as well? Yup, happened to us.::: Back to those pesky Giants' fans. I watched them get their drinks about half an hour and their edamame about 40 minutes after ordering. In fact, as they smugly smiled at us walking out they STILL did not get any actual food yet.  It's already been a few days and I bet they're still sitting around.  Now under any normal circumstances, I would not feel bad for a Giants' fan, but this might have been the one time...... NOT. Observations:::::::::::::::1) After we ordered I looked around at all the other tables. Of the 5 tables in our area, only ONE table had food. 2) The majority of the positive reviews for Dozo are from a really long time ago and/or are not even relevant to food or the service(re: Jon P's "review"). I can only assume that the quality of food and service has taken a steep decline in the past few years.3) The sushi "chef" could be heard running his mouth throughout the entire restaurant. I guess he forgot that he's supposed to actually do his job and I don't know... feed the customers who walk into the establishment? 4) When you hear that this place is the "best" sushi in all of PHOENIX, you should be wary of the reviews.Conclusion::::::::If you are a Giants' fan, this restaurant is perfect for you and you should definitely give them your business. Just kidding. This place is terrible and the only thing I enjoyed here was the water. No really. It didn't even taste like tap water. If you're from out of town, you would be better suited to get another kind of cuisine. If you're a local, definitely don't come here for sushi. There's got to be somewhere better than this.
4	My experience here has been great. The food and service has always met my expectations. For the price, the sushi is great. Is there better sushi out there? Yes, but for the value you cannot beat it. The service has always been friendly, attentive and efficient. The hostess always recognizes us when we come in and the chefs always say hello and goodbye.
5	i eat sushi at least 2-3 times per week or more, depending on what my bank account lets me do. that said, i've lived in 4 different cities in the last 2 years, and i'm eternally on the lookout for good sushi. when i came to phoenix, i was hoping for at least fresh-ish seafood and decent rolls. after being thoroughly disappointed by several different places, i found dozo. small neighborhood-feel place, clearly owned by a family. while not every roll i've had has been a 10, every roll has definitely been better than any other i've had in this city. ingredients are incredibly fresh and tasty, appetizers are great (ever heard of hot rock? delicious), and servers are very friendly. the sashimi and two-or-less ingredient rolls aren't anything special, but all of their specialty rolls have been amazing (cue four season, banzai and crystal rolls). occasionally i've had to wait, but not overly long like other reviewers have mentioned, and never any rude experiences. the atmosphere is low key, modern style -- great for a date or just a relaxed evening out with a friend.overall, the sushi here is amazing, the prices aren't too steep, and the owners are very pleasant. ever since i've found this place, i keep coming back. everyone i've brought here (including a few aficionados of all things asian food) has been impressed. i think there's a happy hour too.
2	I have to agree with the other yelpers complaints, mainly the portion size for the price being extremely stingy.  If you want a far superior value I recommend picking up from AJ's fine foods and having their sushi and bring it home or eat in the store.  I am serious, this like many phoenix reasturants is extremely stingy with their product.  I am looking at this rainbow roll right now and its like, "wtf", it is as if I had been respeawned into a world half of the size I knew judging on this roll, its almost comical, they are not trying to hide it with more rice and paper thin fish as many places do, they are proud to serve this anorexic sushi rolls!  amazing!_ly bad never will be back every where else i go is just as fresh and not as tight wad stingy with the fish......If sashimi grade fish were the price of gold I may well have gotten more......
4	First off this place is pretty good, I mean I had better sushi but for the "price" and "portions" they serve sushi the traditional Japanese way. If you go to Japan they serve smaller bite size portions sushi was originally a street food something to eat if you where in a hurry so some people complaining about portion size please get your head out of your asses and go somewhere else this place has been here 7+ years and they've been doing just fine with the way the serve people. Sure they're could be a long wait at times, and sure the waitress could be a little slow but it's in their culture I've actually taken the time to speak with the owner and staff they are Japanese and Korean and their culture differs from ours just a tad bit we Americans are costumed to the American way and when we go to a non American restaurant we get mad when things to line up the way we want to too, seriously people what the hell do you expect? Now going back to sushi the way they cut this fish from the way they cook the rice from the way they serve its Japanese portion size is based off of weight, height it can even differ from men to women it's the right amount for the right person I lived in Japan for 5 years and l know my sushi. If you want to watch a good documentary watch "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" and you'll see how sushi traditional Japanese sushi is made and dozo is making sushi the way it should be made.
5	This is one of the best sushi options in the city.  Dozo is also reasonably priced, a shocker given it's Scottsdale address.  I don't understand the stingy comments - this isn't a buffet, it's authentic sushi, and the quality is legit.  The staff is solid, and the sushi chefs are talented.  Great for kids too.
2	We waited about 50 minutes for our food of a sweet beef bowl and 2 veg rolls.Too pricey for the portions.Our waitress was either on the verge of a nervous breakdown or on a lot of speed. Not really part of the review, just.. man if I could put a warm blanket around her and tell her everything will be okay, I would have.
4	I live in Colorado and I was working in the old town area of Scottsdale, AZ for 3 weeks, when a coworker recommended Dozo. When I entered the restaurant the Sushi chef's greeted me as the hostess was seating other customers. The employees were all very friendly and helpful with explaining the menu. I know Sushi and I can say that the "Crunchy California Roll" was one of the best Sushi rolls I have ever experienced. It was made with crab meat center as well as other ingredients you would come to expect, but was finished in a crunchy tempura style outer crust.  Excellent, fresh and tasty. Prices are reasonable, I recommend Dozo to anyone who enjoys great Sushi
4	Had a craving for donburi!  So I came in here with my son.  The menu was extensive good chocies between sushi and non sushi items.  We were not that hungry so I ordered one dish to be shared between my son and I.  I felt bad for the waitress and she couldn't help but give us a stare.  Luckily, my son was so charming and loving and funny that by the end of the meal he had totally won her over and I left a tip amount as though we had ordered two entrees.The only disappointment was of course the donburi.  The donburi I crave for and remember is a donburi from long ago when I was a student at Ann Arbor where they would pile on the rice in a big bowl and pile on top a big pile of gooey mixture of onion, egg, and chicken.  It was soooo good!  I haven't been able to find the remembered donburi anywhere else since then.I think I need to recreate it in my own kitchen to satisfy not necessarily my stomach but my memory.  Not kidding.
3	While this place wasn't BAD per se, for having Scottsdale real estate and Sushi... I wouldn't go back there. The service was great! I've just had much tastier sushi!
5	Whenever you are in the Phoenix area and craving fish, this is the place to go. Good food and an assortment of quality beverages make this a can't miss spot.
3	There are only three letters which could possibly describe how I feel about the 3 rolls I ate an hour ago...MehI am far from impressed, and while it's true that I've had worse, this is not a sushi restaurant I'd recommend or go back to.  The rolls were small and just didn't taste that good.  After eating 3 rolls I'm usually filled to the brim, right now I'm pretty hungry and thinking about what I want to eat.3 out of 5 stars, and that'd be generous.
4	Japanese food - so yummy  Definitely a stop when you have a Japanese food craving.  Excellent quality; very good prices.  The wait staff is also very good.  Hard to beat that combination.
5	Love love love dozo, I go here and splurge every time I can. The sushi is amazing and the quality remains the same every time. They are very welcoming. Hopefully soon they will accept bitcoin, at least for tips! The owner just added the fried clams back to the menu, which she made sure to inform us of, because we love them and request them as an appetizer all the time! Try them next time!Go during happy hour for special deals.Enjoy yelpers.
5	Dozo is sushi heaven!  Great food...  Friendly environment...  Great hosts... Definitely check them out!
4	The bf and I have come here twice in one month. Both of these times the sashimi is fresh and the rolls are spectacular! Our go to roll is the Dozo roll. Reason for 4 stars is that sometimes the service is just too slow. We usually sit belly up at the sushi bar for faster service... But it is still not lightening speed. All in all, great sushi, local spot, zero pretentiousness, decent prices. You cannot go wrong!
4	After tackling the Cholla Trail, we arrived in slightly dusty workout gear, exhausted and... HUNGRY.Dozo welcomed us with open arms...Pork RamenGyozaSquid & Chicken Thigh skewersVeggie TempuraAnkimo (monkfish liver): tasted dubiously fishy so our server took it off our billA nice casual place, menu items with nods to the authentic. I was kind of sad that they didn't offer katsu curry for dinner, but had a satisfying post-workout dinner nonetheless.
5	Best restaurant in Arizona for Asian food. However, wish they would open up second location closer to me...The one they are in is okay
5	Very fresh sushi and at a great price. I am  picky about sushi and I usually eat nigiri or sashimi so I notice right away if it is fresh and it always has been here. I love traditional japenese restaurants where quality is most important. They have their bento boxes available for dinner and I am always in awe of all I get for the price. I use to go here very regualry but I have since moved farther away, but we still make it a point to come out here once in a while!
1	Learn how to hire someone else. If there are more than 4 people at this place then you won't get served for a half an hour. The retarded server is on crack or something. Was there for 45 min and didn't even get waters. Good food but they need to hire someone. Waiting forever is getting really annoying.
1	I'm not from around here. That being said, I wish I would have asked a local where to grab a quick lunch. Instead I was starving and only had 30 minutes for lunch, so I stopped at the first place I saw: this place and Arby's. I shoulda went for Arby's...but I'm a sucker for local businesses. At least my perception of a local business. I don't know if this place is. Anyway, I ordered the yakisoba with shrimp. It. Was. Disgusting. It tasted old. I don't care how many chunky veggies are in the dish, the broccoli was starting to yellow, a sure sign that it was not fresh. The shrimp were medium sized but I think I counted 5. Maybe 6? As for the noodles themselves, reheated ramen is my guess. With some pathetic, diluted soy sauce mixture pooled at the bottom. So gross. Worst $11 I ever spent. Since it was a to go order, I was not in a position to send it back. Instead I picked at the carrots and shrimp but had to throw the rest away. So nasty.
5	Came back again. Lunch specials great but restaurant building could be nicer...just not as inviting as it should to match quality of food. I personally am all about the food.
5	I would give it four stars for the slow service but the quality of the food far outweighs the wait time. It's husband and wife (I assume they're married) and sometimes the kids help too. Super nice people and a very warm environment.
5	The Badera Roll will haunt my dreams. The chef was very social and talked to me throughout my dinner. Go Here!
2	Hey Yall....i attempted to try the pork broth ramen..It was a FAIL the broth was lacking so much flavor...The pork that was included looked like a piece of ham steak,  but again lacked flavor okay I'm lying it had no flavor at all and was very fatty....At this moment I'm wishing that I would have stuck in a the FLAVOR PACKET from the Top Ramen Noodles. Enough of that cause I dont like to bash... 1 star for fast service 1 star for the chicken thighs skewers....had to ask for water, have to ask for fork, had to ask for straw. Will I be back: Nah...Will I recommend this place: Nah... Like my mom always say things they look good anit always good for you or to you
4	Service is sloow, even though it's never too busy inside. That being said, I come here for the QUAIL EGGS. They serve them three at a time, I think, in the shell, with a little ponzu and sriracha inside, and it's just so much better than anywhere else I've had quail eggs.-Surprisingly outstanding Cha Shu Ramen. -Rest of the sushi here is mediocre as far as I can tell, but I'd definitely give it another try.
5	The servers there are so friendly and attentive.  The fish is fresh and the prices are great.  This is our favorite neighborhood sushi spot!
5	Great food and fantastic service.
4	Lovely, fresh fish and tons of wonderful options in a nice, quiet atmosphere with reasonable prices.  Not a trendy or fancy spot, this is a sushi lover's happy place :-)We've been here several times, and everything we've ever tried has been delcious.   The sashimi (which is the true test of quality) is fresh and lovely.  They have a wide variety sushi and non-sushi options, and all have been impressive. The only possible negative is that, although the service is generally great, we've had incredibly (and inexplicably) slow service, once.
4	Sometimes there are some great places right under your nose and you've missed it for a long time! But the good part is that discovering it is fantastic!We ordered some traditional Japanese dishes like takoyaki, ramen, etc... and I thought they were all pretty delicious. My g/f ordered something that was apparently not common in menus for Japanese restaurants in the States.Service was a bit slow but they were super friendly and welcoming~ I would definitely go again!
5	Edit, Robert-san and Risa-san have opened their new location, called Dozo Izakaya, located at 440 W. Warner Rd #104, Tempe AZ.Facebook page: www.facebook.com/dozoazWebpage: http://www.dozoaz.com/They opened Friday August 1st, unfortunately I have not been able to make it there yet.Posting this review of Dozo after it has closed it's doors just to share that the owners Robert-san and Risa-San are opening a new location in Tempe (close to Chandler).  I loved Dozo and was a regular there.  The sushi was always excellent, the staff friendly and Robert and Risa took pride in their place and the food they served.  When the new location opens you can count on seeing me there.  I will post an update with the new address and a grand opening date when I know more (I gave Robert-san my email to let me know)
