1	Seriously bad sushi.  After a few terrible rolls accompanied by even worse service we dediced to cut our losses.  We paid our bill and went down the street to Cowboy Ciao for dinner.  You should do the same.
3	The ambiance is as delectable as the sushi...but for someone who doesn't care much about "seeing or being seen", I did not enjoy the 45-minute wait for a spot at the sushi bar. I agree with the other reviewer, if all you're after is good sushi, go at odd hours
3	Sushi?  In Phoenix?  Even though Arizona is a landlocked state, they can and do ship in some decent fish.  The decor of the place is unique (in the entry of the restaurant has a fish tank in the floor).  Inventive rolls.  Decent sushi.  Patio seating (with requisite misters) which offers a view of cruising on Scottsdale Blvd.If I'm in Phoenix again with a hankering for sushi, I'll come back.  But I still can't wait to get back to the good stuff, aka SF sushi.
2	The sushi was not good enough, to me, to make up for the table next to me. There was a large table of about 10 people, probably in their early to mid 20s, and they had been enjoying quite a few alcoholic beverages. Now I'll NEVER hate on anyone for that, but they were being stupid and annoying. One guy at the table threw his water glass into the aisle - twice. Broke two glasses. I kept waiting for the staff to kick him out. They cleaned up the glass and didn't say a word to this a$$. I was in shock that they didn't even speak to him about his behavior. Acting like a destructive child. Ya know, I realize they're running a business, and they had a large table, but it's offensive to me that they didn't speak to him to protect their OTHER PAYING PATRONS. And this is why I'm not going back to stingray.Plus - they have fishies in the floor. I'm concerned for the fishies' welfare. Remember when you a kid and your mom told you not to tap on the fish aquarium because the fish don't like it? I wonder how they like the tap dance that the foyer floor gets nightly :-(
3	The sushi and food isn't all that, but the cocktails and waitresses are!Recommendations: Kiwi Collins
3	I'm not a giant fan of Stingray. I like the setup and the location and the food even, but all in all it doesn't stack up too well against its competitors.  First off, the last time I went there I had to sit outside to carry on a conversation, and even out there it was a struggle because the music was still too loud. We ordered a few of the standard fare rolls and tried some of the specialty rolls, which were good but not outstanding.I'm not a huge fan of Ra but I admit that I really like the food there. Stingray mixes the snobbery of Ra with food that just isn't quite as good. I will say, though, they have a pretty mean happy hour and provide a good setting to go sake bombing on a budget. Just take it easy, the cheap sake will hurt in the morning.
3	3.5 but way too loud for a bump up! Delicious sushi and a cool atmosphere. The wine prices were great -- $22 for some good bottles! Very loud for a restaurant and the wait was pretty long.
2	In comparison to Sushi I can get here in the Bay Area, this was ok. The sashimi was fresh but the cuts were small for the price. The miso, served with a soup spoon?!?, is way to salty and powdery... they need to lighten up on the mix. We had maguro sashimi(small, $$$), unagi, hamachi, spicy scallop (very good, special order), tempura(batter was too thick and a little soggy), nigori sake (nice touch served in a bamboo thing.The place is loud; the staff are gorgeous; the atmosphere is fun. I would go back for drinks and an app but for real sushi i would wait until i got home.
4	This place is sweet, I highly recommend it.  When you walk in the door be sure to look down at the floor because you're standing on a fish tank - pretty cool.  The decor is very trendy and the atmosphere is chill.  We had a drink at the bar on a Weds. night before heading out to the patio for dinner - not overly crowded which was nice.  The sushi was delicious - quality pieces and very fresh.  My only complaint was the bathroom sink - while very cool looking, the faucets don't work unless you slam the handle in and then the water just sprays out sporadically.  This was a little messy but the rest of the experience was great.
5	Stingray is great! Really, coming from me about a Scottsdale establishment of any kind is rather bizarre, I know, but I always have a great time, not entirely too much douchebaggery happening, and they keep their patio appropriately misted. The bar booths are way comfy, the bar stools are nice, and the appointments are great. The service has always been efficient, and the staff seems like they like working with eachother (rare, and awesome). The sushi chefs are skilled, the bartenders pour a sexy drink, and the price point isn't too high.And, and, and... I like it.
4	I had a lot of fun at this place.  You know you aren't getting "authentic" sushi so you put those expectations aside.  This is a great place for groups like bday parties.  The restaurant isn't that big and they don't take reservations so you end up waiting a while, especially on weekends.  We went on a Sunday night around 7:45pm and had to wait almost an hour.  I recommend getting the sushi boats which is basically an assortment of sushi.  It's a pretty good value for the price.  The miso marinated cod is fantastic, but the shrimp, scallops and garlic spinach dish is just ok.  The scallops dynamite is really rich.  The restaurant is noisy inside so it's not a place for a quiet or romantic date.
3	The food is all right but it's not that impressive.  The restaurant is more like a bar with a fairly cozy ambiance.  The menu is good and the price is reasonable.  They have the usual specialty rolls like Dragon and Godzilla rolls.  The a la cart ones are what you normally expect from other nice Japanese restaurants.
3	Trendy trendy trendy.  In other words:  a freakishly long wait to sit down, MUCH too loud music, shitty parking (I had my car towed out of a lot there once so beware, they show no mercy), stiff but pricey drinks, and PACKED with everyone you saw last Friday at Six.  I dont mind this kind of nonsense so I dont mind Stingray.Their rolls, to me, are compareable to RA's.  A little weak, skinny and a bit overrated, but again, it seems to work for them. Outdoor seating in the winter is a great place to be since it overlooks Scottsdale road--instant entertainment. Go to Stingray more for the overall "Scottsdale" experience than for the food, or mediocre service.
5	I may be biased because my friend is one of the managers here, but it is one of my favorite places to start out a night out. Great rolls, amazing calamari, and good prices. I love their decor and have about 50 million pictures of me and my girls with the orange wall as the backdrop. It's also great for a lazy weekday dinner, too. You can dress down and still feel comfortable....in fact, i'm heading over tonight after monday night football for a quick sushi fix!
1	I actually was surprised people gave this place more than 2 stars. Actually, I'm glad, though. Because if I see you actually gave this place more than 2 stars, I know  NOT to read your reviews anywhere else as you have lost all credibility. I was actually trying to figure out how to put no stars. Luckily for Stingray, I'm giving you ONE star. I thnk the owner atleast owes me a side of edamame for being generous. This place is one of the most overrated restaurants in Scottsdale. I've, unfortunately, been here a couple times. I've never had good sushi. The rice is hard, the rolls are bland, and the sashimi isn't even fresh. I made the mistake of bringing my out of town friends to this place, and they were all disappointed with the food.  Kyoto, which is up the road, is a lot better and cheaper. The waitresses are one can short of a six pack. The bar scene is Scottsdale at its worst. I always wonder why this place has 3 hostesses? I guess it takes 3 of them to do one person's job. This place is garbage.
4	4 stars. That's atypical for a place in Scottsdale, or so I like to think. However, there's something quite charming about this place... Perhaps it's the witty ads you see in the New Times, or the fact that they know their style and their brand and they enforce it well through advertising. But, let's face it, you don't want to hear about that. So, what about the food? Sushi is good! If memory serves, it's on a higher caliber than most other places you'll find in the area, especially Ra. Try the quail egg shooter. That's fun!  Service is good, considering its location and how crowded the place can get. Music is loud, though. So be prepared to eat your meal with the accompaniment of a concert/rave... which means either yelling at your companion(s) or settling for conversational silence. The decor is trendy. That's neither good or bad, if you ask me. But, considering again the restaurant's location, the decor (the colors, the layout, the patio) just fit. It works. I like that, too. All in all, I like this place. It kind of hurts me to say that, due to its location, but if you're looking for a fun, trendy place to hang with friends in Scottsdale (and have a pretty good sushi meal), then go here. I don't think you'll leave disappointed; you just may leave deaf.
2	What is worse Silicon filled waitresses, or cream cheese filled sushi rolls? I let you make the call.  I feel like the Commish from those Miller Lite Comercials, the More Taste League. The commish is wise!" This place is over priced, but better than RA. Your sushi mantra should be the following:ABRA = anything but Ra. They have good miso soup, which leaves meso hungry...for lack luster rolls, and small cuts of fish, oh and if you're up to it, get the attitude roll from the patrons....you know the dudes with the wide open club shirts,  bootfit jeans and black dress shoes.  This place blows like a Whale in Puget Sound...save yourself.....
1	One star for the decor.  That's it.The food was terrible!!  Everything from the sashimi, to the nigiri, the maki rolls, the udon, and the bento boxes were boring.  I come from the San Francisco bay area where we have some serious foodies and expect mouth-watering, mind-blowing sushi.  This place is MISERABLE!Only TWO sushi chefs during lunch hour???  What is management thinking??  By the time all our food was served, we sat there for 2 1/2 hours.  Are you kidding me?  That's just ridiculous!Go somewhere else, any where - just don't go to Stingray for good sushi.
4	I went here on a wednesday night and it was packed. I was surprised yet our service was pretty decent considering the crowd. sushi was not bad, a little over priced but what can you expect--sushi in scottsdale.
3	This is a very average to above average sushi restaurant.  The bar is nice, seating is limited (like most sushi places).  The sushi is good, but completely unremarkable.  On par with Ra, but not in the same league as Sakana.  I agonized over a fourth star, but it was just so average.
3	I went to Stingray for a co-workers birthday and was both delighted and disappointed.When we arrived, we told the hostess we had reservations which she confirmed. Not two minutes later did Fabio (yes, as in "I can't believe it's not butter...SPREAD") walked in with his homies (about the same number of people we were with), talked to the hostess, and jacked our table. Yea, I know, I'm no celebrity but it was a bad start to the celebration. We were seated about 20 min later.Of course, our server happened to be Fabio's as well and his table took up most of her time. We waited about 10 minutes for waters and about another 15 minutes for our drinks. Now, I used to wait tables so I know this wasn't all her fault but I was surprised at the lag times. She was a super nice girl so we just brushed it off and relaxed with our drinks (which were delish!). We ordered, no problems.Everything came out together (always a plus!) and, with the amount of sushi we got (there were 8 of us), everything was correct! Big kudos to her...I got confused just ordering it! The sushi we ordered was fresh but wasn't stellar. I wasn't expecting the most amazing sushi ever but for what we were paying, I was hoping for something a little better.It took about 20 minutes to get the bill after we asked. And, of course, like the rest of the chicks in the place, we asked Fabio for a picture before we left. All in all, it was a pleasant experience. I think next time I go it will be for happy hour to get better prices. My only hiccup was the lag time on drinks...one thing I learned waiting tables was keep the drinks coming. Our server was very nice and the food was decent not earth-shattering.of course, looking at Fabs didn't hurt either.
3	The quest for enlightenment has taken Westerners to many Eastern locales...including but not limited to Tibet, Polonnaruwa, the Wat Phra Kaew, and now Scottsdale's own Stingray Sushi. For here, not just food is on the menu, but a spiritual awakening itself as proven by the restaurant's liberal use of "wise sayings". Ironically, Zen, which is often associated with Japan, focuses most on knowledge gained through personal experience not theory. But in hindsight, this is all for the better.Immediately upon opening Stingray's door you are almost always greeted by cacophony. Hardly the place one might think to enjoy deep meditation, but as I would learn, the restaurant embodies the Four Noble Truths of restaurants in Scottsdale perfectly.First, space is the ultimate luxury. Agoraphobics beware, Stingray's design may hint at Asian sensibilities...but it's really more about the high rent. To your right is the sushi bar and several dining tables. To your left is the other kind of bar with the other kind of tables. Outside are yet more tables on a patio. If you are in a group, you undoubtedly risk a wait. But despite this, I've often been seated within minutes of showing up...especially at the sushi bar.The next maxim? It's not a restaurant, it's a destination. When evaluating a sushi joint, the most important distinction is one that is invisible...literally. It's how well the rice is treated with the vinegar. In that regard, Stingray does fine. Some of the fish come out stronger and fresher than others...but I have not yet uncovered a pattern. Which brings us to the next truth: sex sells. Take the dim, dark surroundings and add raw meat and you already have the makings of a potboiler. But Stingray, like many sushi establishments of its kind goes to great lengths to milk the exotic allure of Asian culture. How far you ask...far enough to hire a small coterie of young, comely women to serve you regardless of their service skills. Some are excellent, some are clueless, and some ignore me because I am...alas....a table for one. And then there's the last axiom: you get what you pay for. For if Stingray's is not the most remarkable cuisine, or service, or decor...what then causes the Ed Hardy army to drop unspeakable amounts of money within its walls? Yes, to call the crowd here "scenster" may be an understatement. But the people-watching, as already stated, will not disappoint.Yet Stingray does have another allure: it's kitchen is open until midnight. So I have found myself stopping in after going to a movie, only to see it packed and vibrant. Yet no one disturbs me, leaving oneself to attend to one's bliss....and the spicy tuna.
3	OK if Scottsdale was a high school cafeteria, Stingray is the jock/cheerleader table. Hunk o burnin' love bartenders. Svelt, big boobied, waitresses. And a super trendy scene. I've never had bad sushi here. And some was fantastic. Everytime I order yellowtail, for some reason, it's always just like a big stick of buttah! And that's a good thing. Tuna has been hit or miss and some of the specials, well, just not that special. I find service to better when they're busier than slow. When it's slow you get the hair twirlers hangin. And twirling their hair. Or the bartender texting someone. His trainer. Or plastic surgeon. I've never had any alcohol here, so I can't review the bar. But the Sprite was sure fizzy and sweet. Probably won't leave my CenPho comfort zone to dine here, but if I found myself in Oldtown, wandering aimlessly and needed to pee somewhere. I'd go here.
5	Well I don't have time to read all the comments, I can understand how this place can be hit or miss though.  For me it was a hit.  I recommend the Hotty Haimachi...and the fatty tuna nigri (market price for us was $19 for the 2 pieces) Cevichi Haimachi was excellent as well.  We sat outside, super nice.  Be prepared to wait for a table and once you sit the service is slow but if you know that going in it's fine....really nice wait staff.  Def try it! Enjoy.
5	Best Sushi I have ever had. That says a lot, as I am particularly timid about Sushi in general.I love how small and unique this place is. Good luck getting in on the weekends :) -- fair prices and good drinks make this a winner!
3	The food and sushi is fantastic, but the service is lack luster, and the noise can be overwhelming.  Get there early for happy hour and a more pleasant ambiance.
2	SERVICE TO BE DESIRED:1) I was greeted and seated right away. (4 stars)2) I waited at my table for 5 minutes and no one came by, so I moved to the sushi bar where the sushi chefs didn't greet or acknowldege me. Then, waited another 5 minutes until a waitress came by. (1 star)3) Once the waitress took my order, she brought my drink and appetizer quickly. (4 stars)4) The sushi chefs here do not take sushi orders verbally (which is de rigeur at good sushi bars). Rather, you have to write the whole order down on a piece of paper, pass it to them and they fill it one by one. They really fill your sushi order one by one and it's slow going. The sushi chefs are stoically, unfriendly and do not offer up any sort of repoire with the customer through any degree of conversation (e.g. irasshamase "welcome", "good choice", "how is the sushi?", "thank you", etc.).All in all, if you're going there for the sushi, go elsewhere. If you're going for a trendy vibe and a nice looking restaurant, this is for you.
1	I could have gotten over the fact that this place is SO Scottsdale and always majorly packed.  After waiting an hour and a half outside for a table we decided to venture into the crowded bar.  The waitress was extraordinarily rude.  My friend had what looked like dandruff on the bottom of his glass and kindly asked for a new one.  The waitress replied in a rude manner and almost didn't give him a new glass.  We waited ANOTHER hour and still never got seated.  So, finally, we left because our group was so starving.  I've eaten at Stingray before and I'll admit the sushi isn't bad.  But, it is definitely not worth it because the place is always too crowded and it should never take more than 2.5 hours to be sat.  Also, add on top of it that the waitstaff is completely rude.  I probably won't ever go back.
3	A bit pricey for what you get. I think the draw here is the atmosphere and the interior deco. The food is decent though, and I've always had decent service here... busy or not. I'd say the food is on par with Ra, but is a tad more expensive. To be honest, I'd rather eat at Ra - but sometimes it's overrun with teenage high school girls wearing too much makeup pretending to be socialites or else you can't get service at all. If I'm going to a special Sushi place, I'll go somewhere else... but in a pinch, I'll hit this place up.Nice staff, cool atmosphere, decent food.
4	This place is good.  Me andd my wife have went 3 times and now and very fresh. a little pricey but it is in the middle of downtown scottsdale.  I would go back over and over.
4	I don't think there were any ugly people in this joint.  The bartenders and waitresses are very sexy.  Sorry ladies, the only male staff were the sushi chefs.  The place on a Friday night was filled to capacity.  I was by myself and decided to sit at the sushi bar.  The chefs were friendly and did a good job.  My Shrimp Tempura roll was good.  Have I had better?  Yes.  I also had Shrimp Shumai, which was very doughy.  I feel bloated as I type this.  Shumai is a dumpling which did not have that consistency it should have.  My waitress was not only beautiful but very attentive and making sure if I needed anything.  Within two minutes of me sitting down, she had my water, miso soup (which was hot and not luke warm), and steamed edamame.  The food was ok,  but what makes me want to come back was the friendly staff and the house music they were playing.  It was a good scene.  It wasn't pretentious.  If you like Sake, get the Hakutsuru Superior.  Sweet Sake!  Do NOT use this for Sake Bombs!  Drink it straight.  I'm giving this 4 stars because the talent in here is phenomenal!  I think there's a prerequisite that you can't be ugly to work here.  Don't expect the food to be stellar and at the same time it's not bad...just average run of the mill.
5	For what you're going to find in Phoenix or Scottsdale or Tempe, this place gets top billing in my book. I've been twice. Once when I first moved here. My first experience was good, yet I found the prices to be a tad too steep for regular visits. Plus, it was a weekend night and the crowd/music was too loud for me. So, imagine my surprise when my friend and I stopped in here on a regular weekday for happy hour! We were seated in the sushi bar area at a table with comfy chairs. I absolutely love the interior decor. Very relaxing. The service was some of the best I've had anywhere, hands down. Jenni, who waited on us, was spectacular. I recommend you ask for her section, when you go. I love how they serve you warm towels for your hands. Now that's classy. Plus, it just feels so good, even during the summer. So, let's break down Happy Hour:$1.50 for sake. Yum.$2 for salmon nigiri.$2 for quail egg shooters.$4 for futomaki roll. There are many great options on the happy hour menu, including $2 edamama and $3 draft kirin. My friend and I opted to split the Sashimi Sampler Boat (for $20). It came with 3 pieces of different fish: octopus, albacore, salmon, yellowtail and tuna. DELICIOUS! And the pieces of fish were bigger than most sushi joints.When I asked for low sodium soy, I was told that's what's always on the table. I shoulda known; it's Scottsdale, right? I was also told the fish comes in fresh daily. It sure tasted fresh. Even my sushi-smart friend commented on the quality of fish. Plus, we each got two yummy gummy treats with our receipt. Very nice! (Those little things are so addicting!)What a great happy hour! With the service being excellent and the atmosphere being super chill and relaxed, I will definitely be back for another 'round of happy hour fun. You just may not see me here on the weekends - too loud and too crowded.
1	Ok , I here good stuff about this place and the floor is cool. I went to eat there and ordered something with cilantro, it tasted like I was eating the entire bush of cilantro .Everything else was gross too. Not to mention the violent diareah ( not sure of spelling, too lazy. Well I guees in the time I took righting all of this I could have spell checked?)At least I lost weight :)Unless you want to become violently ill for dietary purose dont eat here.
3	If you are looking for really tasty sushi I wouldnt recommend this sushi. The food is OK, but the drinks were really good! I really enjoyed the atmosphere and martinis, but not my favorite sushi! It is a good place to socialize so I would consider coming again.
4	Wow.. why all the mixed reviews, my fellow Yelpers?I ate here last year and had a good meal.  It was indeed a little pretentious, but what is the harm in a little pomp and circumstance on a Friday night?I really enjoyed the cocktails.  And the sushi was good.  I really liked the atmosphere, it was a very cool spot.  The service, I remember to be just so so.  All in all, I've eaten at many places in Phoenix and this was one of my better experiences.
3	Lots of bad reviews but I like this place as I frequent it once every couple weeks. I eat sushi out about 3 days a week so I run out of places to go. I went last night. They changed their menu! At least the looks of it. Its now plastic-e (just like Scottsdale!) complete with pictures of the drinks!  I am not exactly sure what in the menu has changed...maybe they have Benito boxes now?? The menu reminded me of RA. I think their sushi is pretty fresh. I love their spicy stingray roll, but I also LOVE cilantro and could eat a bush of it! ;) Their cucumber salad is also a favorite of mine. I do have to say the reason I keep coming back is for the "juicy gummies" they give to you with the check! But maybe I should just head to the Japanese market instead......
2	Stingray is everything that is wrong with sushi in America. This place is just for young, dumb pretty things, and the douchebags that hunt them, to go for a quick bite before hitting 7 different clubs. It is a bastardization and dumbing down of the sushi experience that leaves 1000s of people walking away saying: "Yeah, I've had sushi. Sake bombers. Raw fish, big deal. It's fun."Sushi isn't raw fish, it's a vinegared rice prepared in a specific manner to achieve perfect texture and flavor. That rice is then accompanied by various toppings, often raw fish. But you could eat an entire meal of real sushi and never touch raw fish. Both times that I've fucked up and gone here, the sushi rice has been pathetic. Once so undercooked it was cracking in my teeth. The next, so mushy and over-sweetened it tasted like dessert.Once, sat at the bar to try to get a little interaction with a "chef". I ask him what sashimi he recommends. His answer: "it all comes in fresh daily.... whatever." WRONG ANSWER, tall white doofus "chef"!SR gets an extra star for being semi-cool looking for a rock n' roll sushi bar, and appearing to be clean, in the front anyway. And if you order the right stuff, it gives you something colorful to throw up later in the bathroom at Myst.If you want real sushi: Hiro in Scottsdale, Shiro in PV, + multiple other venues, some I've yet to try but are getting good reports. Hell, even in a setting like the Metreon in SF, Sanraku is good Japanese. There seems to be a boom again, thankfully. But Ayako at the Biltmore will be missed for a very long time.(I could copy/paste this same review for Zen32 and RA. Why retype almost exactly the same complaint?)
3	So I'm traveling for  business again and whenever I'm not busy with a client dinner I head for the nearest sushi bar.  This way I can eat healthfully, read my book and quietly enjoy what is always the end of a long day.  I stear clear of those huge sushi rolls, so I can't comment on any of them at Stingray - which is what they seem to be known for.  I find all of the crazy concoctions that sushi restaurants conjure up to be a waste of good fish.  I mean, what is UP with pairing fresh salmon with cream cheese (it's not lox  (smoked or cured) and a bagel for god's sake).   And to me, when you start combining too many types of fish in one roll you loose the yumminess of each one.  So when I eat sushi it's nigiri or sashimi only.  Call me a purist or unadventurous or whatever, but I like my raw fish either alone or with nothing more than good rice. and maybe shiso leaves.   At stingray everything I had was fresh and tasty:  uni, ikura, hamachi, hotate and eel.  The service was friendly and attentive in an unobrustive way so I got through two chapters of my book, two glasses of wine (wasn't in the mood for sake!) and just the right amount of sushi to put me in my happy place.
4	Food                                      4 stars-Freshness of sushi          3 stars -variety                                  3 stars Atmosphere                        5 starsService                                 4 stars The medical physicist at the site I worked came from L.A., so when I wanted to find a sushi place, I went up to him and he introduced me stingray.I have been to other Sushi lounges in this area, and most of the places provides fish that had been sitting in the fridge forever (at least they smell like it) The quality of food in Stingray was not bad, as they were fresh enough. Chef's skill was alright.Atmosphere was fine. Depending on what time and what occasion you went to that place (for dinner or for drinks), I think it is a good place to hang out.You may need to wait for a bit in line before getting seated, but hey, I do not know how good a place can be if they are always empty seated.I lived in Japan and California before, and I think Stingray deserves a good review in PHX area.
3	Stingray has mediocre sushi compared to a few places I've been around town. I'm not sure what it is exactly, but I think the location has a great deal to do with it.  lol It's like they don't try hard enough to differentiate, but since it's on Scottsdale road they know business is almost guaranteed. I went with a girlfriend of mine at the time and I remember her trying to get me to eat the fish eggs. Ugghhh I'll never do this again in my life. lol j/k When I added them to the top of my sushi rolls it was delicious though. Definitely not for the weak hearted! On the flip side I like the way this place is laid out. Stingray is kinda small but has a cool vibe flowing through out. The service is up to par and always on point, while food is served in a decent timeframe as well.
4	The atmosphere was great, very pleasant and courteous service. I enjoyed the sushi, especially their signature rolls. Those were from outerspace.
3	Ok, Stingray has it's high points. It's trendy, hip, and might just explode with young, beautiful people. The atmosphere and decor are nice, but that doesn't completely make up for the fact that the sushi simply falls around the mean. It's average. The menu has a nice selection of rolls and other dishes, and they're good, just not...great. We had a couple different specialty rolls, a tofu dish, soft shell crab, and tempura. Overall it was fresh and well-presented and halfway between actually authentic Japanese and some American Asian fusion food. The bar is crowded if you grab drinks while waiting and the bartenders weren't really fabulous in any way. Same goes for the servers who lack attentiveness and decorum in general. For a place with such a wait, huge crowds, and pretentious hostesses, I'd expect a little more. The curved booths along the sides are nice, though. Oh and, beware, in regards to the well-earned and deserved "scene": you might just see/run into every person you want (and don't want) to on a Saturday night.
2	I have been wanting to try this place for awhile since I always drive by it on Scottsdale. Finally made it there with a girlfriend on Saturday night.  The service and ambiance were great, however the sushi was only mediocre.  First we had edamame, which was fine, it's pretty hard to mess that up! We then split the ungi roll and and the Stingray roll (which I think is  their signature roll because it was one of the most expensive).  The eel roll was good but the Stingray roll was way too spicy and nothing to write home about.  I have never gone out to sushi and had pieces left over, but we definitely did not finish the Stingray roll.   Anyways, Stingray seems like it would be a good place for  Happy Hour (it always looks happening when I drive by it during that time) but I wouldn't go here again for a sit down dinner. Stingray does have location on it's side though...... After dinner, the bars were just a few blocks away!
4	After reading all the other yelp reviews I feel almost embarrassed to say that I thought the fish here was extremely fresh and delicious and that I enjoyed all the dishes we ordered. We had the godzilla roll, the "motorola" roll, and a cucumber roll. The atmosphere was very hip (i.e. fish tank in the floor you can walk on top of) and they had lots of traditional as well as Americanized rolls to choose from. THe only poorly executed part of the night was bringing us cold hand towels instead of freshly heated ones .
3	Singray is pretty good. The location is nice but there is never parking due to the other businesses around. Not fun walking so far in heels. :) The sashimi was pretty fresh, but miso was a little too salty. Also they gave us cold oshibori towels when we sat at the sushi bar. I think I prefer the new Pure Sushi location next to AZ88. Once I was able to find it. Very modern cool feel and awesome food. Heard Stingray is opening another location by my house. (Biltmore area) Maybe parking will be better.
5	This is a favorite place of mine when visiting Scottsdale. Really. I've been there for a late lunch when it's quite empty/sparse and in the evenings when it's packed & crowded. Either scenario, I've had a great experience. The wait staff/bartenders have always been attentive & friendly to me & my friends. Perhaps it helps that when we're there during off-peak times, there is certainly more interaction with the staff and a rapport is established. Obviously that is a perk when it's crowded & busy in the evenings. It is what it is - Stingray is about the scene. The location, the decor, the ambiance. Some reviewers have mentioned that the sushi/entrees have been horrible; not "authentic", etc. Did they honestly expect "authentic"? I'm half Japanese/half Scottish, so I've been exposed to Japanese/Sushi all my life. Most sushi in the U.S. are made & geared toward American tastes. Some have said the food is comparable to RA. Generally it is, but I think it's better than RA. The RA menu in my opinion is "watered down" for the masses. I'm not critical when it comes to Sushi because "authentic" to me is what my grandmother makes. I do love the rock shrimp appetizer though. Various versions of this can be found at any Sushi restaurant, but Stingray's does it for me. Stingray for me means I'm visiting Scottsdale, hanging out with my friends and we are here to enjoy ourselves. Maybe my experience & view point would be different if I lived in the area and had the opportunity to dine there more frequently.
5	Now this...THIS is a sushi restaurant!It was amazing. I went there one night with a couple of guy friends (in ended up raining, but even though we were outside, we didn't get wet from the coverage of the outdoor seating). The miso was incredible, and every item we ordered tasted SO fresh! I remember having a bite of my friend's Vegetarian roll...they made me like ginger because they CANDIED it! Delicious! This place also got my ex boyfriend to LOVE sushi...which is something he thought he'd never like!All in all, when I can find the time to come back, I am DEFINITELY bringing my other friends along! This place is friendly, well-lit, personable...and my compliments to the sushi chef on a job well done!
5	I don't know about you all but I think it is so hard to find great sushi and sake at a reasonable price. Especially in Scottsdale! That was until I went to Stingray for Happy Hour. I could not believe the prices. Every roll was only $3 to $5, the food was all under $5, and there was sake for a dollar and a glass of exceptional wine for like $4. You have to try the Gyoza (they are like dumplings). Delicious! This Happy Hour has all the favorites too. The spicy tuna roll, dragon roll (my personal favorite), the shrimp tempura roll, calamari and much much more!I can't wait to go back!
3	Sushi was ok, Crazyfish was WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY better. Service was great, placed an order as its one of the only sushi places that has sea eel, and the waitress came back to tell us that they ran out of sea eel... Not that its very famous or something a lot of ppl eat, which was weird and it was also one of the reasons we went there. Not sure if we'll come again, maybe next time we'll call ahead to make sure they have sea eel
3	It was a Sunday night visit to Stingray. With a variety of sushi, drinks, blasting music and hipster decor, the place is designed to cater to the 21-35 set. And so it seems to be doing a great job of that -- the place was packed to the gills (no pun intended) with the typical Scottsdale club trash -- the finest sets of plastic tits and bleached teeth that daddy's money can buy.Despite sitting squarely in their age demographic, the place was so not my speed. Although the sushi was good, and the sashimi very fresh, the place had all the ambiance of a high-school cafeteria. Imagine the cheerleader table after 5 appletinis, now multiply that by 10.Perhaps a Tuesday night visit would be a bit more low key. Our dinner companion and I are willing to give it another go (I can overlook ambiance for good food). My boy, Epistoman, however would rather ram a chopstick into his eye than eat there again.
2	My least favorite sushi experience in a long time . . .I've had better from the grocery store in those plastic boxes.  Took an employee on their recommendation.  I guess it's quite different at happy hour and the evening.  Very nice surroundings down to the fish swimming in the floor. That day it must have been a "two-fer"  Sushi and attitude all for the price of the sushi.Rachel T. sums it up well!
5	I LOVE THE SUSHI HERE!  I've eaten here MANY times and I've never had a bad roll!  Their rolls are large compared to local restaurants- always a plus!  Drink menu is so-so.  Decor is fun... orange can be a tad too much sometimes.  I LOVE sitting outside and people watching.  A definite stop if you're in the area.
1	OMG! sushi left on the counter for 30 minutes, then served to us as though it was just made freshly? i think not! the sea eel didn't even look suitable for a photograph, but not wanting to be fussy, i tried it, and quickly spit it out! this place is more of a 1 time visit. i've been several times, and still am not impressed. that was the last try, i hope to never be starved for sushi and stuck by that place again. the service sucks at the bar, it was the bartender who served up the sour sushi too! steer clear from here, you've neen yelped! oh and the big fish tank in the floor? its not all that. although the decor keeps bringing me back-it makes me forget all the previous visits-then i quickly remember when i'm waiting for the sushi.one things fer sure, if ur looking for all those candy pushers, with the burned out Ed Hardy clothes, plastic booby flashing bleached blondes or euro-transplants looking to do anyone that will get them somewhere, well there you go....because its all there.
3	Was suggest this place by a previous local.They don't take reservations - so keep that in mind.They have a very cool aquarium in the floor when you walk in. Kinda creepy, but neat!They have a number of very hot and very tall waitresses.Ours was Erica. She rocked for the first half of the meal until we decided we wanted round 2 of sushi, then her attention waned and our wait time extended.We started with miso soup and a las vegas roll on special - i didn't like the smolked salmon taste.What i really loved was the Godzilla roll, and the lava roll!The crunch roll was ok, not great, the egg was a little watery, the stingray roll was covered in dried cilantro and was simply weird.A fun place over all. Not super crowded and not as loud as some people thought it would be.The mochi for desert was weird, you didn't get to pick your flavors... hmmm.And our waitress took enough time to bring us a knife and spoons that our mochi melted.... sigh.I'd suggest knowing to only have 1 round of sushi so you get the good service!!
2	We came in for a quick happy hour bite and cocktail. The fish tank in the floor looked dirty and disgusting. The floor over it was so scratched you could barely tell what it was. The guy (manager/owner??) Told me that it was the world famous tank. Get over yourself dude. We were seated in the dining room and the tables are presented nicely. They give you damp warm towels to clean your hands before eating. I liked that touch. I had the Asian Blond drink. It was good, but i could only have one (too sweet). We ordered the Dragon Roll that was $5 on happy hour. It was good. They have a female sushi chef, don't see that too often. The server was very nice. Nothing stood out for me. There are better places within walking distance.
4	I had good luck here service-wise. Atmosphere is very modern. My favorite is the thinly sliced bluefin tuna with equally thinly sliced raw jalopenos.
4	First visit to Stingray and was impressed.  Service was good, we felt taken care of. We went for lunch so I could see how this place could get super busy in the evening. Especially when they have benches outside for waiting. The sushi was great, everything was fresh and tasted delicious. Started with Miso soup, and an octopus salad, which was interesting but had great flavor. The crunchy roll was delicious and the spicy crab rolls fantastic. We will definitely visit here again.
5	The sushi here is SO DELICIOUS!  People gave it fewer stars because they don't take reservations and the service is sometimes slow - but that's because people love this place and it is always buzzin with people.  The best rolls are: the Morning Dew (takes long to cook, but SO worth it), the Summertime Roll, and the Las Vegas RollThe fish here is always fresh and the sushi is always on point.  If you're looking for the best fish and the most innovative rolls, Stingray is the place.
4	Irashaimase!I've been to Stingray a number of times over the past four years, and I've never had a bad experience.  If you know what you are getting into (ahem - the Scottsdale scene) - then Stingray does not disappoint.  There is always a fun vibe in this place even on a rainy Thursday night at 9pm when I was there last night celebrating my friend Jeffrey's birthday.Fresh fish? Stingray delivers!Creative and delicious rolls? 100%People watching galore? Sure thing...Last night we were seated immediately and had drinks within five minutes.  Valerie, our waitress, took good care of us.  We started with edamame, seaweed salads (some of the best I've had), hamachi kama, and gyoza.  My two guy friends devoured the gyoza and the hamachi kama and we all enjoyed everything else.  I also ordered a lollipop roll (delicious and fantastic for you people watching your carbs since it's a roll wrapped in cucumber with no rice) - I should have taken a picture - the presentation is fabulous.  And then I decided to add an order of Ikura as well.  They each had chirashi bowls with all kinds of delicacies from the sea served on top of sticky rice.  Yum!For the birthday boy, Valerie brought out a tempura fried green tea ice cream... he was happy!We saw a bachelorette party while we were there and I volunteered one of my friends to help with checking something off her list which he so valiantly did... and yes, it is the Scottsdale scene, but it is fun every now and then.I will continue to go to Stingray for girls night out or dinner with a fun group... If you like sushi and you like to have fun, give Stingray a shot!
3	Gonna have to do 3 stars on this one.  I've had in my opinion 5 star sushi and this is not it, but it is still good.  I am reading all about this hotty hotterton service staff but I must have gone on the day they all at the gym and tanning b/c I did not see anyone looking so hot.  But I did see the cutest pregnant server who I was very impressed with her running around serving food-- she must be tired after work.  I guess she was kinda hot.Anyhow, I'm not here to play the hot or not game but to review Stingray. So here it goes.  We got a nice variety of sushi and it was all tasty.  I was at a client lunch so we were able to sit and chat as well which was nice.  It wasn't overly busy and the ambiance is very pleasant.  The fish in the ground when you walk in was kinda creepy and made me nervous to walk over it--- what if the glass broke and I got eaten alive by piranhas?  Not likely that they have piranhas but possible that I fall through the glass with my luck. Service was slow, but looks like that has been covered. Ehh, whatever, I wasn't in a hurry so I honestly didn't really care.  When I am in a hurry and the restaurants are busy, I like to place my order and ask for the bill all in the same sentence.  Works like a charm most of the time.Will I return to Stingray?  If I am in Scottsdale and want sushi, I might, unless someone tells me a better place to try out in Scottsdale-- I am always open to suggestions.
4	Always great service and ambiance.  The sushi is always fresh and the selection is always solid and diverse.  Go for lunch and take advantage of their bento box specials.
4	The food was surprisingly good, but expensive, as compared with Kyoto a block north.  Not the best sushi I have had, but solidly good.  I like the decor in the small restaurant where the sushi bar is, but not the bar area.  However, this restaurant is VERY, VERY LOUD!!  Seriously, you can't even have a conversation!  I much prefer to sit outside on the patio, or go elsewhere.  Sad, but true.
3	I love the vibe at Stingray...but know when you go what your getting into... its Scottsdale! People watching good... crowds YES! Stood in the bar over an hour waiting for a table...getting bumped and hit on as if the nite had started early... And it was hot ... as in , turn up the ac! Ive never liked the table set up in Stingray... they crowd them together..but okay if your going with friends and you know that going in! Sushi is okay..but again... Ive had better... They give an option of low carb rolls... love that..
4	This is a good sushi place.  It's in Old Town Scottsdale and does draw a trendy crowd.  My wife and I had an enjoyable time (the large sushi boat is very nice).  The service was very good.  It only gets four, not five, stars because it's "Spendy."
4	We chose Stingray for dinner the night of my bachelorette party and they delivered!  We had a group of eight girls, and had a really fun time - the food and drinks were awesome as was the service...We started with some edamame which was devoured quickly... I was given a bachelorette shot and we had a few of the specialty drinks at the table too.  I went with the "Geisha-a-Go-Go" (fresh watermelon muddled with Grey Goose vodka) - it was a tad on the too sweet side for me... I tasted the "Japanese Tease" (Grey Goose le citron, lime juice, calpico, zen green tea liqueur, finished with a lime twist) and that was for sure the favorite.  The "Lychee Blonde" (lychee puree, lychee liqueur, and champagne) was also a hit.We're having fun with the group and the next thing I know, I'm given a BJ shot from an anonymous guest (or was it from someone in my group?) Either way, I was a good sport... did that shot too!Seaweed salads, lollipop rolls, hand rolls, hamachi ceviche, etc, etc... came out after that to fill all of our bellies and nourish us (or balance out the alcohol) for the remainder of the evening... It was all great going down - and guess what?  It all stayed down too!  (None of us got sick that night as is usually the case at bachelorette parties).  Good thing, because I am still a huge fan of Stingray and look forward to returning again and again...Thanks Stingray for being a party of my bachelorette night out - see you again soon!
4	Stingray's happy hour menu rocks. They have sushi rolls and appetizers for $4-$5, plus half-priced sake (all sake, which they don't explicitly state on the menu), beer, and wine. I recommend the shrimp shumai dumplings for an appetizer... fantastic. The sushi was not the best I've ever had, but it's definitely more than acceptable. The Stingray Roll was my favorite. Service was great, and so was the ambiance. I'm excited to go back when the temperatures cool off and we can sit outside and enjoy happy hour for three hours.
1	Awful, awful, awful. By far the worst sushi and service I have ever experienced. VERY sub-par. I don't know if I went on an off night, but I don't understand what some of the other reviewers are raving about. Safeway sushi is better than this place. I ordered a $13 roll that had eel and crab on the inside and spicy tuna on the outside. The menu said it was CRAB, not krab or imitation crab, but the roll arrived with fake crab. For a $13 roll it better be real crab. I sent back the roll and our waiter brought the roll back with real crab. Thank goodness.The kicker was when we received our bill and there was an extra charge for real crab. errrr....Besides that, the tuna sashimi was not fresh tasting in the slightest and the service was slow. My boyfriend who is not picky hated everything we ordered and we ended up wasting half the things we ordered.Lots of fake boobs and cheesy guys though if thats what you are looking for. Kill me if I ever go back there.
3	Its a 3 star. It means its ok...
3	It's not bad. But I would recommend getting there for happy hour where  prices are better and menu is ample. Can't beat $4 for a 20 oz. Sapporo Premium. People watching is very lively.
5	I am so behind on writing reviews... I really need to catch up!  I came here for Gabi's bachelorette party.  Stingray has great energy for a party right next to us was another bachelorette party... see??Anyway the drinks and sushi were great!  I cannot forget to mention the service... our waitress was great she handled our party of 8 like pro.  I will definitely be back here again.  Thanks Stingray for making the start to evening wonderful!!
3	Mixed feelings about this place.First of all, the two female hostesses were incredibly rude.  They seemed way to busy walking around in their mini- dresses to actually acknowledge or seat us.  We finally got seated at the sushi bar, because those were the "only open seats," despite about half the restaurant being empty at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  After being seated the night got much better.  We were promptly greeted by one of the sushi chefs as well as our server.  Apparently if you sit at the sushi bar you get free soup and edamame, which is a really nice touch.  Our sushi came out fast, our server was always nearby, and everything was tasty.Overall a good experience, but it was tainted by the rudeness/ vanity of the two hostesses.
4	Stingray's happy hour's really good.  Good sushi, nice beer, nice people.  We'll be back.
4	I'm surprised Stingray only has 3 stars. Its some of the best sushi in town for the price. The best part about Stingray is their happy hour -- its UNBEATABLE. Unlike most places who end happy hour at 5 or 6pm, Stingray's Happy Hour is until 7pm and the speciality rolls are only $3-$5 (Dragon, etc.) with half priced drinks. You can eat a $100+  meal for $40. Not on the happy hour menu, but a must have is the Morning Dew roll. Its like dessert. The vibe is pretty good - can get a little too crowded. If the weather is nice, they have a great patio for people watching on Scottsdale Road.Oh! And, Stingray is part of the Southwest Airlines Dining Rewards program - huge plus.
2	i knew i shouldn't have gotten sushi in the dessert. how fresh could the fish possibly be? good news, i didn't get sick. bad news...fake crab. boooooooo! i must be spoiled being from the bay area. anyway, the atmosphere is pretentious. the music is annoying like a club. the menu had the roll names but no descriptions. the service was wack. the food was just okay. i wouldn't recommend it.
4	Clearly worth 4 stars! One of the best sushi restaurants in the valley! It's better than Ra but not better than Sushi Roku. The service was also excellent. The waitresses are beautiful but friendly and didn't give off that trite Scottsdale "I'm too good to work here" vibe. The prices were not cheap. If anyone pretends this is affordable sushi, they are lying or stupid. We had a party of 4 and spent $130 including drinks. We only ordered maki rolls too. That same meal at Ra would have been less than a $100. It's not the most expensive sushi restaurant in the valley but it's not "affordable or inexpensive"The only real knock on the place was it's claustrophobic atmosphere. This place is terrible for big groups. It's an ideal couples restaurant. We had 4 people and felt like our group was too big. There isn't much seating but they did their best to accomodate us. The restaurant is really narrow. I would recommend this restaurant but only for couples and for those willing to spend over $80 if you are going to eat and drink alcohol.
4	I have to start this post off by saying that the four stars is in relation to Phoenix sushi restaurants.  It does not include some of my favorites in San Francisco, Hawaii or Vegas.Stingray has become my favorite sushi joint in the Phoenix area.  I can't wait for them to open at the Biltmore, so I don't have to make the trek to Scottsdale for decent sushi.  The environment, with the only negative aspect being that it is too small inside.  The food is very good as well.  My personal favorite is the Spicy Special roll which comes out with a spicy mix of seafood on top (it changes and hence the special).  Make sure to talk to your waitress about whatever they have fresh, but if you are a sushigoer then you should know this.I'm a big fan of the bar area, and can be often found at the bar for some sushi and a few cocktails before a night out in Old Town.  The atmosphere is great, the music is loud enough to hold a conversation, but not so soft that all you hear is the conversations around you.  Their selection of Saki is good (not great), and the bartenders seem to be knowledgeable about the different brands.  This is not a super high end Sushi restaurant like Sushi Roku, but they pack the punch of a good mid level sushi bar.I am a big fan, and will definitely continue to frequent this restaurant.
4	Very good sushi.  This establishment is trendy inside and is a great place to start an evening out on the town.
4	SUPER CUTE!!!  Sushi was fresh, service was great and atmosphere was stimulating!  Perfect place to people watch and enjoy some good sushi!  Hip, Fun and Yum!!!!
2	Stingray's decor tries hard to be sheik with exotic looking wood veneers and a trendy  retromod kind of feel. It reminds me of something one might see in "The Incredibles" movie. It does work quite well at night, but falls apart a bit in the daylight (been there twice). This fact actually says alot about the place in general.On our first visit, we had a server who I named "like-megan". Possibly she refers to herself this way- hence the name.Anyway- "like-megan" proceeded to tell the table in a wholly unsolicited manner how she was "like soooo into food". This made me want to ask her exactly what brand of wholesale imitation crab meat that Stingray uses. But alas my more gentlemanly instincts won. As for the food- I've had my fair share of maki, but am no expert on the subject. It seemed, "like-pretty good". Not amazing, but  fresh tasting and nicely prepared. How else can one remark about Scottsdale sushi rolls except that they are safe to consume?Overall, if you are into seeing and being seen in S Scottsdale, I would say that Stingray is probably a pretty good choice- particularly the patio. I would, however,  stay completely away from superficially fussing about how "like soooo yummy" the food is. You might end up "like megan".
4	Had way to much to fun at Stingray recently and couldn't be happier. The happy hour prices are unbeatable ! A boatload of great Sushi, a couple of beers, a couple of mixed drinks and friendly service all for less than $80.00 before gratuity. Will be back !
3	I enjoyed a nice spring day in Scottsdale at the patio of Stingray Sushi.  I have to say the ambiance of the restaurant fit well with the feeling I had that day.  The unagi and tuna sashimis were excellent.  The one problem I had is that the entire time our waitress didn't realize that we didn't have the little dipping square for our soy sauce and wasabi.  I was waiting the entire time to see if they would notice, but I let it go and compensated by using my plate for my soy sauce.  I didn't really care, but I was curious to see if they would even notice or offer it.  It wasn't even a busy service, so I give a star less than I would normally give for lack of attention.
1	Gross. There is nothing fresh about this place. I guess if you are looking for a place for drinks its ok, but when it comes to sushi, so not worth it. The service was pretty shoddy also. This has to have the worst sushi I've had in the area.
5	This is my FAVORITE sushi place in town...I LOVE the decore and the food is so so so good.  I will recommend:  The shrimp Shumai, Scallop Dynamite, Rock Shrimp as food-for Sushi:  It's ALL good.  I believe my favorite though is the Morning Dew (a soy paper one) and the Cabo Blanco.I really don't feel as though i have anything more to say except GO HERE!Simple and to the Point.  Enjoy.
1	So I went to Stingray for a quick lunch the other day while my son was in play practice.  I walked in, the place was not crowded.  I got seated and the waitress gave me the menu.  Looking through the menu, I ordered their sushi lunch which on the menu read- 3 pieces each of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, 8 pieces of California roll, 4 pieces of sushi, rice, soup, and salad for $14.  Since I was hungry, that was what I ordered.The food came in a bento box- there was the 3 pieces each of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, rice and salad and I had gotten the soup beforehand.  Okay, I figured I was getting the rest of the order on the waitress's next round.My 4 pieces of sushi and 8 pieces of Californai roll never came.  When I asked the waitress about them, she came back with 4 pieces of California roll and told me that I was not getting the rest of my order because they made a mistake in printing out their "new" menu, in a rush for their new Biltmore location.  And she said it in not a very nice way as in "well, wouldn't that be a great deal to get all that food for $14!"I did not make a fuss as I was full with what was brought to me . . . when I went to pay my check, they billed me for $15 instead of $14.  When I started to get annoyed, they took a whopping $1 off my check.  Really?  One dollar?  I got half of the food that I ordered!Needless to say, I am not impressed with a place that does not honor what is PRINTED clearly in their menu- if it was a mistake, as a business owner, they should have honored the order and pulled the menu from being used.  Stingray is a cool place to go have sushi but because of their business practice of not treating their customers right, I will not likely be going back there again.
4	Service was great, Waitress was Brittainey. Price for happy hours was crazy good. Much prefer a non-imitation crab option but the atmosphere was fun and overall the meal was very enjoyable.
4	GET THE MORNING DEW ROLL.I recommend it to everybody, it is such a delicious sushi roll. I love this place, you can sit outside next to the busy street, or inside. It is a little cramped inside, and the dim lighting and loud music make it hard to have a conversation. This is a place for a night out on the town.The waiters always have a fine, friendly attitude, and the service is generally quick. They don't take reservations.
4	Food is great, a little too loud for me, gorgeous inside, service is good, price is on the expensive side, but well worth it.... love it will definitely go there again, favorite sushi roll is capo blanco roll!!!!
2	Good Service, great Sushi, Horrible clientele. Its unfortunate the crowd that is drawn here because it's a beautiful room and the service was fantastic, I ordered the Chefs choice (served in a boat for about $25 or so) and was treated to some great Sushi. The room was full of douchbags and assholes that crowded my table in a "standing room only" approach to mindlessly pounding Sake bombers. Shame, if it could only move away from the heart of the douchbag kingdom of Scottsdale and get a chance to serve up that great Sushi with a crowd looking to truly enjoy it.
3	the sushi is nothing special and they're VERY proud of it.  that's why i only go here for happy hour.  Saporo bomber and saki for something like $5.  the happy hour menu is enough to set you right, but i come for the drinks and the scenery.
3	I'll preface this by saying that coming from Seattle where we are spoiled with great sushi, this may not be a fair review. Although a friend from LA did agree--  their sushi was just okay and was overpriced, especially for lunch. I also thought the menu was overwhelming and a bit of a pain in the ass.The fish tank floor is a nice touch and the service wasn't horrible, but we had to ask for things multiple times and it seemed like servers were stumbling over each other. I'd go back, if I were at the Scottsdale Mall area and craving sushi. Though I admit I'd have to flip a coin to decide which mediocre sushi restaurant (RA or Stingray) was more deserving of my patronage.
3	Continuing in the week of lunch, I ventured out the other day to Stingray. A coworker and I were craving some sushi, and they love Stingray, so I decided to give it a whirl. I was well warned of the teasing that could easily be done to all the fantasy perfect waitresses, so this I was expecting (and somewhat looking forward to).I have to admit I wasn't all that impressed with the inside, but I did really enjoy the patio area. It was the perfect place to relax and people watch, which was most excellent that day in particular. The place settings were appreciated, as a lot of places do not offer a stone or cradle to rest your sticks on.. and hell, even my home set has cradles. I made sure of that. Also, while the service was good... I think everyone set my expectations pretty high for the waitresses... I was unable to do any harassing. Sad face.One suggestion if you go... try the green tea. Two reasons. First,  the cups are incredible. I love them. I am considering it a collect them all game and will try to make damn sure I do. Second, the tea is delicious. I had two amazing cups.The sushi isn't all that bad either. It could've been just me, but I found the selection of sushi a little limited and the specialty ones pretty overpriced, but the sushi I had was out of this world. I had the spicy scallop and the summertime soy paper roll. I seriously gobbled down that summertime roll fast and impressed many. I'll probably be back if I crave sushi at lunchtime again. However, I really get disappointed at the prices of the ones I would like to try (especially for lunch) and think I may run out of new dishes to try soon.
1	We've eaten here a few times over the years and never received a decent service, but the most recent was the straw that broke the camel's back.We initially wanted to eat a Sushi A Go Go across the street but they were jammed without an open table at 4:00pm on a Sunday.  So we decided to settle for Stingray.  We walked in and the place was nearly empty.  The hostess was busy seating a family which was taking minutes for some reason so we decided to walk into the bar area.  We walked past the bartender and asked if we could take a seat at one of the tables.  He said sure no problem let me grab a server for you.  So we waited for five minutes with out any service while the bartender and 4 servers casually chatted behind the bar.  So we decided to take our money and our appetites elsewhere.  When we were walking out they didn't even care they just said "Have a goodnight."  If I was management I would have fired someone on the spot.
1	The night I came here, the fish just seemed old.And stinky.And it tasted bad.I will not return to eat.  Maybe to drink, but definitely not to eat.
3	Went here for lunch today- it was good - decent, but nothing off the charts. The tempura app was good - although I prefer a different selection of vegis.  The phildelphia roll was good, but a little heavy on the cream cheese.  I would go there again, but it isn't somewhere I will reorganize my day for or drive across the valley for.
4	Stingray has turned into my go-to spot for sushi in Scottsdale. Old Town is sushi-row but Stingray is trendy and equipped with a selection of tasty sushi, sweet cocktails and a fun atmosphere. Located in the heart of Old Town, it's a great spot to start the night off or visit for lunch if you're in the area. My eyes are bigger than my appetite but the sushi is so good, I always seem to finish whatever we order. Their cocktails are fresh and refreshing. They also have a great patio when the weather is nice enough to venture outside. Sushi Suggestions: Dragon Roll, Caterpillar Roll, Spicy Tuna Roll, Las Vegas Roll... I know sushi is supposed to be healthy but apparently my taste buds don't listen and I always order the fatty ones. Appetizer Alert: Start the meal with the seaweed salad. It's has just enough of a kick to it, but leaves you hungry for the main meal. Happy Hour: My favorite part about Stingray is their top notch happy hour pricing. You can eat a roll that's normally priced at $10+ for $4. Drinks are happily priced half off. Ok, you sold me Stingray.
4	The 105 degree heat was oppressive during my recent visit to Arizona, so when a friend suggested a light sushi lunch at Stingray, I was immediately sold on the idea. Light however, it wasn't, as I stuffed my belly full of tasty fresh cuisine. We started with the seaweed salad (yum!), and ordered 4 rolls to split. It ended up being a little too much food for us, as the portions were pretty large. The Vegas Roll was (unexpectedly) the favorite (and least healthy) of the bunch, containing cream cheese and salmon, and then deep fried. Certainly not a traditional dish, but tasty nonetheless. There didn't seem to be a whole lot of crazy dishes to try (which I'm always attracted to), but overall the place was quite good.
4	great spot. trendy. yummy.
4	I've been here several times in the past and always had a good time. Sat at the bar once or twice, but mostly sat on the patio, which has a nice relaxing atmosphere, and is a great place to people watch (especially on a nice fall day). The sushi itself wasn't half bad (although I've had better), and the service could be a bit more attentive out on the patio, but all in all, a nice little joint, right on Scottsdale Road that i've always had a good time at.
2	Overpriced happy hour. Rolls tasted like the rice was cooked a while ago. Many rolls lacked any flavor, and the gyoza appetizer was mediocre at best. Just not that good.
4	One of my favorite places for 5 years now, The food is yummy, service always friendly and I love their unique cocktails! The place is really clean but the ladies bathroom does needs some repair work done on their doors. I hope they open a location in North Phoenix soon because when a Sushi Craving hits a 25 min drive can be torture!
2	I had better.Food isn't really to my taste.Wouldn't go there again
4	I have been to Stingray a trillion times (actually only about 12 but a trillion sounds cooler). Not once in those past 11 times has it been more awesome then this last time. I made reservations for a big party but wasnt positive on the exact number. I felt bad, but the hostess assured me there wont be a problem sitting 6 or 20 people. Even when I arrived and still didnt have a definate number. As people started to show up we could gauge the finalized number was going to be 15. Now the place wasnt crazy busy but it was dead. The staff arranged a few tables and we started the fun. The second the server came to our table, you could see the joy/anxiety in his eyes. He knew he was going to get a fat tip but he knew he's have to work for it with 15 of us.  We are all heavy drinkers and the first drink order might have been a record breaker. Sake shots, beers, mixed, and fruity girly drinks covered every inch of the table. The server offered waters but didnt get any responces. We were here to drink and eat. Drink and gorge we definently did! Everyone passed around the sushi sheet and maked what they wanted. Nobody questioned the amount that was being marked until the 12th plate of rolls was placed on the table. Now I'm not a huge fish lover, but I will dominate any sushi thats in front of me. The only thing I didnt eat this night was some aweful looking lobster tail stuffed with onions and other shit. I about vomitted. After hundreds of rolls (probably really like 20), I was completely stuffed, as everyone else were too. This was the moment of truth. We all knew we did some damage but how much? The server skipped with glee to our table and gently placed the check. Without even opening the thing, we knew it was alot. The length of the check stuck out of the book about 3 foot (actually about an inch). I took charge and opened this bad boy up...$765 + the autograd of $153 (20%).  No wonder our server was skipping with joy. I bet he had a stiffy he was so excited. Nobody was shocked or angry we had spent this much. All-in-all this was one of the better sundays meals we have had. But definently not our last. The food was SO good. Service was excellent. And the prices were extremely reasonable. Stingray will always be on my list of favorite sushi places
2	We came here because Geisha a Go Go across the street was absolutely packed. We sat at the bar and right off the bat, the bartender did not seem like she wanted to be there although she was catering big time to the male only clientele. My boyfriend ordered an Asahi beer and even specified "beer" not sake, because that's a common mistake, and after waiting 10 minutes for her to deliver it, she still came out with sake and not beer. Then I ordered the Crispy Tuna, and after waiting another 15 minutes for it, she came out with the spicy tuna roll and realized her mistake after setting it down and said she'd get me the right order. While we are waiting for about 20 minutes for our order, everyone around us who came in AFTER us is getting roll after roll, finally we told her if it hasn't been started, just cancel it. She said "I think they started it - let me check..." then came back out and said yes, they started making it. 15 minutes later, she checks again and came back out and said "I'm sorry, for some reason a big table got their order in before you so it's not ready yet". We cancelled the order all together. StingRay gets 2 stars because the bartender comped us our beer and soda. P.S. WAY, WAY overpriced for what it is!
2	This place has its location going for it, because that's the main reason my date and I wandered in for some late night sushi.  Had we not been so exhausted and hungry, we probably would have left after taking a look at the menu.  Everything is very overpriced (but I guess that's Scottsdale for you)...not to mention the sushi chefs couldn't make a special roll for me, even though the ingredients are available.  If you're making the rolls fresh, this shouldn't be a big deal, and I rarely have issues when asking places to make a vegetable tempura roll...throw the already made tempura you have into a roll, and done.There was only one vegetarian roll available, which shows a little lack of creativity, in my opinion.  And said roll was bland.  Service was so-so.  Will likely never be back.
1	So i thought with all the controversy surrounding this place, I would support the first amendment with my wallet. Unfortunately our experience here was subpar to say the least. We came in on a 3pm on Saturday and there was only one other couple inside. We were literally outnumbered by the people working there. I say this because somehow, despite this fact, the service was HORRENDOUS. I mean we got our order out fine, but our waitress dissappeared after that. At one point I had to almost get refills for us myself. The sushi itself was so overpriced for what it was. The Philadelphia roll was decent, but the California roll was really bad. When it came to paying, I put my credit card in the sleeve and waited for awhile. Despite there being no one else in the restaurant at this point except one other table, the waitress didn't return. If it wasn't for the cash I had on me I'd be waisting away there at this moment because she had no intention of returning and I have no intention of ingesting there food ever again!
4	Okay so here is the deal with Stingray..Is it the best sushi, no, but the location (old town) is great and pretty convenient. I love to be adventurous with food, especially sushi, but the times where I want something I know I'm going to like, this is the spot. The service is always good, and so is the food. You have to try their Shrimp Shumai. You're welcome ;)
4	We'd noticed all the slams on this place and had crossed it off our list, but some friends called us at 11:30 the other night and asked us to meet them there, so we did.We were pleasantly surprised.  Even though we got there at 11:50, they still served us and the service was - contrary to many of the reviews here - extremely friendly and gracious.  Our food arrived rapidly and the waiter came back one more time after midnight to see if we wanted anything else before they shut down the kitchen.We didn't eat much because of the hour but what we had was just fine.  We'll try it again some time when we're in the mood for a full meal.
4	Stingray's happy hour rocks awesome deals, great service and a fun atmosphere. Conveniently placed in Old Town and the Biltmore, each spot is ideal for post work meet ups with friends and coworkers. Both locations also have really enjoyable outdoor patios for those days when the weather isn't too scorching hot.You can stuff yourself with some pretty tasty appetizers and sushi rolls or sake bomb the work day away for some wallet welcoming prices. They offer half off specialty drinks and sake carafes, as well as sushi rolls and food items from $2-5.I rarely ever make it to post work happy hours that end at 6pm, so I love that Stingray starts theirs at 3pm but keeps it going until 7pm. That extra hour gives me enough time to relax and enjoy the specials. Also just as a note, this delightful happy hour isn't offered on the weekends. Their dinner is alright, and some rolls aren't really worth the full price tag. That's why I highly recommend Stingray mainly for just their happy hour because it's a work week wonder that works well with my work week schedule!
4	I like the girls....um I mean the food, haha, the place is a very zen sushi bar, the girls are as attentive as they are good looking, and the sushi is very good...
2	This restaurant has great ambiance and an efficient staff. Last night, I had the chicken teriyaki for dinner here. The strangest chicken teriyaki I've ever had. (I guess they do things different here in Scottsdale, AZ than in California) Instead of grilled chicken, they steamed the chicken and serve it on a bed of vegetables and poured teriyaki source on the (tasteless) chicken. The vegetables were the highlight of the dish -- they were mixed with very tasty sauces with a mild kick. (My friend had some sushi, which looked fresh.)Even though my friend was treating (because I helped him with a project), the prices seem very high.
2	This USED TO BE one of my favorite sushi bars, but we will probably never eat here again.We recently met our Los Angeles guests at Stingray. I made a reservation for 5 since our time allowed for dinner was short and we didnt want to have to wait for a table.Every waitress in the restaurant, looked like they were cloned from the same model. They were all beautiful brunettes. (Not complaining about their beauty AT ALL!). However, their service skills were poor.After being seated, we started off by ordering 2 bowls of Edemame, while we looked at the sushi menu. When the waitress came back empty handed, we ordered our sushi rolls.About 20-30 minutes later, we received ONE bowl of Edamame and reminded our server of the 2nd bowl ordered. Another 20-30 minutes later, we received the sushi all on one plate. I realize that many sushi bars do this (My pet peeve), however, when you are sitting at a long table, it makes it near impossible to reach across with chopsticks to eat and have to pass or share the plate. Since we did not receive any soy sauce, ginger or wasabi with our sushi,  we had to ask for it....and wait for it!!10 minutes later, we had to ask for the condiments again.Another 10 minutes later and still no condiments, someone at our table went in and got it themselves.After several more minutes, one of the cloned brunettes came over and slapped some soy sauce in front of one of our guests who was NOT eating  sushi at all. He asked,  "Whats this?", but she just turned and left the table.  Again we had to ask about our 2nd bowl of Edamame and were continually promised they would bring it to our table.  Toward the end of the meal, the server brought us our bill along with the 2nd order of edamame, as if it were our dessert!!   To top it off, the server included a 20% gratuity. I have no problem tipping for good service or a good meal and understand when gratuity is included with large parties, but a table of 5? We were told it was because we made a reservation! wow.  One of the guests suggesting putting a -$20.00 (negative) in the blank tip area on the credit card slip, but we didnt do that.  Instead we tipped appropriately and left.  The sad part is, that Stingray Sushi just showed some of the biggest entertainment moguls from Los Angeles the worst service of their life and now I have to find another sushi bar to entertain my guests in!
2	Good service and sake but sushi all came cooked to some extent and warm. Disappointing!  But will work for a late night dinner.
5	BEST SUSHI EVER!! I love this place. Its my go to place for dates and happy hours. The crunchy spicy tuna and las vegas roll are my favorite rolls!  All the food here is awesome though. I have tried almost everything on the menu and haven't been disappointed. The service is pretty good and the prices are decent! You can't beat happy hour here :)
3	Food is decent, atmosphere is ok, prices are little schizo. Some rolls are reasonably priced (your standard spicy this, spicy that and other typical fare) but I've never seen a roll that costs $25 in Arizona. This is Scottsdale, I get it, but that's just kind of egotisitcal, no? The sushi and tempura were delicious, but just knowing that the $20+ rolls were lurking on the menu made me feel strange. Should I not be wearing tennis shoes here? Are the host the hostess snickering about my attire or sassy loud mouth? I don't know, maybe not. But that's kinda the vibe I got. Oh well, I left with a good aftertaste and a full belly.Extra points for allowing dogs on the patio AND bringing my dear bloodhound some agua when it was so hot out. I'll always return to a canine-friendly joint.
2	Food was alright, atmosphere was amazing. The decor was great, but im here to eat good food and great service not look pay premium price for decor.We were put in front of a sushi chef and he didnt even talk to us unless it was to take our order. All the girls would be hanging out with him and not servicing other people. I've been at  sushi bar in california many of times and had such a ball with the sushi chef. They would talk to us, provide outstanding service and food for us but this place sucked at that. My boyfriend wanted to order something from the kitchen and I was almost done eating until I got fed up and told the chef what I wanted to order from the kitchen. (From my understanding, the kitchen order will be made through the servers, thats what she said anyways). We finished our food  and waited a long while and I AGAIN had to ask our sushi chef to get someone to help us. (I KNOW HES GOOD LOOKING BUT YOU GUYS NEED TO DO YOUR JOB INSTEAD OF FLIRTING WITH HIM!)ALL IN ALL:PROS: Great decorCons: OKAY sushi for premium priceServers like to flirt with the sushi chef instead of helping customersSushi chef doesnt like talking to the customers, instead he likes to flirt with the good looking girls there (we running a sushi hooters now?)Salty ass miso soupWould I come here again? No.
4	I get from prior reviewers that the Happy Hour specials are what the 4th star, essentially, is for - otherwise it'd be a solid 3. I basically agree but ... I'm a sushi [ngiri] fan, and I find those prices to be very reasonable and the quality to be good. On the other hand, I've had much better salmon skin hand rolls in over half the sushi bars around the country I've ordered them -- I won't try them again here - they weren't crisped well enough for me and didn't have that lovely dressing so many good bars include inside. I'm very happy with the dragon roll, shrimp tempura roll and spicy tuna roll - but only at the happy hour price. I wouldn't be caught dead paying suggested retail for them. I quite liked the unfiltered sake. The decor was interesting. I loved entering by walking on a fish pond! Service was prompt, knowledgeable and friendly.
1	Sushi places are a dime a dozen in this town, and in my mission to try them all, I met a friend at Stingray for happy hour.  The food was decent.  I've certainly had better.  The las vegas roll was a little heavy on the rice and tempura.  The drinks were exceptionally good.  I had the asian blonde, which is lychee and champagne, can't go wrong there.  My friend's drink was something with raspberries and rose water.  It was amazing.  All that being said, the service was awful.  Once our food was delivered our waitress disappeared.  I got one refill on my water, and considering that I drink water like its going out of style, this is completely unacceptable.  My empty glass sat on the edge of the table for the remainder of dinner.  Once we were done eating, we couldn't get the bill, as our waitress was still missing.  Some 20+ minutes after we were completely done eating she appeared again, and we requested the bill.  Once the bill arrived, it took the waitress an additional 15 to 20 minutes to come pick it up.  It was taking so long that I actually held the bill and credit cards up and out past the edge of the table, hoping someone passing by would offer to take it, or atleast offer to send our waitress over. Busboys went by, the hostess went by several times, other waitresses went by,  the manager even went by, and they all pretended like they didn't see me holding the bill.  I've never had such a difficult time trying to get someone to take my money; it was truly infuriating.  Stingray is definitely getting crossed off my list.  I don't have time for bad service.
4	I went here for date night with the wife. I thought the sushi was really good. Nothing special, but if you like sushi, then you'll like this place.
4	I had lunch with a friend at stingray this past sunday, after we figured out that most sushi places are not open until 4pm on sunday. Stingray has a trendy decor to go with a variety of trendy cocktails. One thing i have noticed about several sushi places is that they always have a plethora of specialty cocktails! At any rate, my friend and I ordered the wild salmon roll, the las vegas roll and the moto rolla. The moto rolla was absolutely my favorite! Its a cucumber wrapped roll with yellowtail, salmon and avocado. SO SO good! The las vegas roll and the wild salmon did not disappoint either. The fish itself seemed to be fresh, and the price point wasnt outrageous either. Ill definitely be back :)
1	Wow. The only word that I can use to describe the sushi here is terrible. It was totally tasteless, and that after I waited 30 min (10 extra) to get takeout. I was almost suckered into getting a drink at the bar waiting the extra 10 minutes... $25 was enough for the two tasteless roles and cold edemame.It is a very chic space and I would imagine the ambiance would be nice for a happy hour or date. However, I just can't get over the sushi.
3	Our server had a hard time believing that our party was older than 21 (we are all 24 and 25, mind you) and gave us quite the run-around with checking IDs.After that throwback to my freshman year of college, we put in an order for a few rolls. None of them really wowed us, sadly - Lava (a "special" roll that could have been a lot more special), Dragon (best of the batch), veggie (for the lone ranger who didn't eat meat, yet surprisingly good), and tempura shrimp (tasteless!).The edamame was good, but how can you really mess that up?The best part of the meal was the cheesecake for dessert which came with two sauces, raspberry and dark chocolate.Probably a good date place, if you beat the crowds. And their servers are attractive, probably should mention that :-)All in all there are much better sushi joints, I just know it.
2	Stingray used to be my favorite place to go for sushi but after numerous poor experiences during the past year or so, I don't intend to go back, at least to this location.  It is difficult to believe that the restaurant is owned by the same people that own Geisha.  The sushi at Geisha is equally as good, but the service is much much better.  At Geisha they are super friendly and welcoming, and check on you to make sure you don't need anything, and like the food.  At Stingray they are rude,  very unwelcoming, and not helpful at all.  I personally don't enjoy going to eat where the waitresses are completely bitchy, which has frequently been the case at Stingray.  There is no excuse for this. Cute atmosphere and good sushi do not make up for the mistreatment of their patrons.  I was very loyal to Stingray for years, always recommending it to others, but everyone I've taken there lately has had negative experiences with the service from rude waitresses to empty glasses to messing up the orders.  If you want good sushi just go to Geisha which is across the street from Stingray.  It is open til midnight just like Stingray and the staff has been properly trained there, a very nice touch:)
4	Really enjoyed the atmosphere.  The crispy, spicy, tuna roll was unusual and yummy.
3	I've had mixed experiences dining at Stingray; both times were during happy hour.  I called to make a reservation but they do not allow them for parties under 6 people, so we took our chances.  Stingray's happy hour menu is smaller than most but there are great deals on entrees and classic rolls like spicy tuna, the Vegas roll, dragon roll, shrimp tempura roll, and the crispy spicy tuna (my favorite--it's not so much a roll but it's delicious:  panko-crusted rice topped with tuna and a jalepeno slice).  The happy hour menu also has good drink specials:  $1 sake, half price sake carafes and specialty drinks, and $4 wine.  Decent sushi at great prices.  I haven't tried their specialty rolls but they appear to be standard $12-$16 creations.  It was an impersonal dining experience and the servers seemed distracted.  Also, a table for two is VERY narrow and small; there is only room under one's chair to put a purse or umbrella.  All in all, it's decent sushi at reasonable prices (at least during happy hour).
2	I haven't been there for happy hour, however, I was not impressed with their dinner menu. My friends and I left.
1	We had the special roll for an appetizer, not bad but not great. Wife got the tempura bento box, it was ok but the batter was very thick. I had the Nabeyaki soup bowl, it contained two overcooked scallops, one mussel, one tiny crab leg (about the size of a crayon) and two mushy shrimp tempura. Soup was ok but a little too salty. Got the tempura ice cream and it was horrible, there was more batter than ice cream, just 3 gooey scoops. We told the waitress and she said they all come like that. Overall they are not quite on par with Tokyo Express. Not worth $55 for lunch without alcohol. Service was very slow even though there were not too many people there.
4	When I think of Arizona, Sushi isn't necessarily the first thing that comes to mind. Was given a tip by my dad who had just happened to pass by one evening and suggest to check it out. Upon asking some locals about "the really good sushi place downtown" (to which no one knew the name) we were eventually led to Stingray. You can tell the place is super hip for Scottsdale, and coming from Chicago I can give a hats off to this place for making me forget I was actually in the middle of a town comprised almost completely of strip malls. Even though it was jam packed, happy to see that the staff went with the flow and left the 'tude at the door. Our server jokingly squeezed her way though the tight tables to take our order (which came out pretty quick!)Had one of the best cocktails in a while (some sort of Ginger concoction that was fizzy and buzzy, mmmm) Started out with the Calamari....holy heck...best I've ever had and could have sat and ate it for my whole meal. The seasoning wasn't necessarily asian, but you could tell that it hadn't been frozen beforehand. The sushi rolls were all excellent and we ordered way too much that neither my friend nor I could muster the bravery to finish the last one!Only downside was the place was kind of cramped and a bit loud...but I'm kind of a picky person when it comes to noise and won't come down on them for that.
1	"Good for Groups"...NO!  We went there for a bachelorette party, with a reservation for 20 girls.  If a restaurant with a capacity of 98 people can't handle that type of party, they need to say it, not leave girls standing in a tight entrance for over 45 minutes!  They had called earlier in the day to confirm.  When it came time to seat us, they said they couldn't get the party sitting at our table to pay their bill.  You would think with a party of our size, they would make sure the table was ready and available.  When I asked the hostess and manager to get us some cocktails or appetizers while we waited-they brought out one glass of champagne total for 20 girls!!!  After being seated, it took another 30 minutes just to get water and after an hour we finally had some food coming out-how do you not have water and edamame waiting for the people when they have been so patient.  They were bringing the water glasses out 4 at a time!  Unreal.  At the end, on a thousand dollar bill, they tried comping $12 worth of edamame and calling it a day.  After we said something, they comped us one round of lemon drop shots to compensate.  The food was okay, but not worth the service.   Customer service is a huge part of the found industry-they are selling a service as well as a product and it just seemed as though the management could care less. The best was at the end, they explained we waited so long because "they don't take reservations."  That is funny because THEY called US earlier in the day to confirm the time!!!
2	Sushi is ok, service was alright.  The staff at Geisha's a Go Go (which is literally across the street) is MUCH MUCH more friendly.
4	I am still a sushi novice and remain in the calm waters of the California roll and salmon rolls - occasionally Philadelphia and Las Vegas....meeting up with Ebony K. she attempted to move me a little more off the wall. I went as far as the rainbow roll and looked at her Unagi Roll...not going that far yet. She is a sushi fan and far more adventurous than I am - she might try a Kraken if they could catch it and put it in a nice hand cut roll - and if it's happy hour, then it's on!We sat in the back and it was nice and quiet at first, but soon on a Saturday night the place was packed. I will recommend the drinks - she had a pomegranate martini, which was good - but my watermelon martini was phenomenal! The service was good, the sushi was fresh, and the atmosphere was excellent. Getting a table wasn't bad - 5pm on Saturday night and we walked right in - later in the evening there was a wait. Parking in that part of Scottsdale is always a challenge. It might be best to just pay the $5 valet and let them worry about finding the spot.
3	Went here last Saturday and had a good time. We had to wait about 40 minutes for a party of four which was fine but we realized the bar is very small and cramped. There is almost no where to stand without completely being in the way or practically on top of people trying to eat. The food was decent, nothing overly exciting. Our waitress was really really sweet and very attentive. It seems like the patio would be fun on a warmer night!
2	Ventured here for HH last night; service in the bar/lounge area was efficient and courteous. HH menu pricing was very good: $3-5 for rolls and $3-7 for various appys and entrees. Drinks were really reasonable as well-I got a bottle of Sapporo with hot sake for $5, and the house red or white was $4/glass.I really wanted to like the food more than I did. The calamari and chicken tempura were each served with a surprisingly flavorless remoulade, and the breading was equally unremarkable. Veggie tempura from the menu was served with the traditional tentsuyu sauce, but the vegetables were a tad too raw and cold for tempura.California and spicy tuna rolls were tiny and not particularly well-formed, but serviceable; the oblong-shaped crunchy spicy tuna roll (a deep-fried or carmelized piece of rice, topped with the spicy tuna spread, a pepper slice, and sweet eel sauce) had not-so-fresh tuna spread and was not particularly appetizing in appearance. Spring rolls were cut into four or five pieces and drizzled with eel sauce--nonoffensive, I suppose, would be the best term.On the positive side, the seaweed salad was delish-but what doesn't sesame oil make tasty?
1	This place served up one of the worst customer experiences I've ever seen a restaurant provide.  We went in and although the place had plenty of seating it took them almost 20 minutes to seat 8 people.  We told our waitress (who was really trying her hardest to keep up while her managers stood up at the bar and laughed) that we were in a hurry and put in our drink order.  After close to 15 minutes we finally got our drinks and ordered up 5 rolls.  Nothing special.  We finally got the first one almost 40 minutes after that.  Three of our party had to leave without eating.  The food was very average.  After that we asked for our check and again a long delay before we got our bill.We asked to speak to the manager about this and he finally came over another 15 minutes later.  When we spoke to him about our experience he became extremely agitated and offered to pay for one of our rolls.  I told him thanks but no thanks and I would just pay the bill.  Then I informed him that this situation was obviously not our waitresses fault because the management was as bad as you'll find in this part of Scottsdale.  As we were leaving he told us that he never wanted us to come back again.  Absolutely AWFUL experience.
4	.The waitress was a little ditsy but the sushi was good! The overall atmosphere on Saturday night was a little loud (oMg, how OLD am I?) It was hard to talk to our table of 8 but it would have been OK if it were just 2-4 people. We tried a LOT of different rolls and all of them were really good- some we ordered 2x! Enjoy!
4	Stopped by here on a Friday night to catch the tail end of their HH and had a great time!  Their happy hour lasts until 7 PM which is nice for us folks who don't get off work until 6 PM and included some great rolls and appetizers like a crispy spicy tuna and Las Vegas Roll as well as a Sapporo Tall Boy Saki Bomber for $5.  The regular priced specialty rolls were a nice change from the same old same old rolls you see at other sushi joints, I ordered the original tootsie pop which came on sticks and were rolled in thin sliced cucumber.  I would like to see their specialty roll prices be a little more affordable as most of their specialty rolls range from $13-25 but the quality of the food is definitely A+.Bobby, the manager stopped by our table to introduce himself and check on our evening.  He was very friendly and joked with us for a while which was a nice touch instead of just a generic table flyby of "hey I'm the manager how are we doing."  He even remembered all of our names when he said goodbye to us when we were walking out the door.My only gripe was our waitress got a little salty when we asked to have separate checks but after explaining they don't offer that service, she would make an exception this time.  My plea to all sushi restaurants, please Please PLEASE put Escolar (Shiro Maguro) on your menu.  For some reason Valley sushi restaurants over look this fish which makes my heart sad :(
4	NOM, NOM, NOM is all I can say! Whenever I get my sushi craving here is the spot. My only complaint is the way they have the tables set up here. I hate being seating next to another party and you are so close to each other that you can hear there whole conversation and yours for that matter. So, I would request a table along the wall to avoid that if you want some space.
4	Crowded during the peak times with really slow service. Recommend off peak times, especially if you have kids like we do. Scallop Dynamite is really good and so is the King Crab tempura.
4	I prefer this location over the one at the Biltmore. Why? The place is smaller so your server is less likely to forget about you, and people watching is way more fun in Scottsdale. Happy hour here is amazing. My fiance and I can get away with stuffing our faces for under $20 if we don't buy any drinks. HH is from 3-7, but I would recommend coming in before 5 to beat the crowds coming in after work. I try to avoid this place when it gets busy because the seating is really cramped! Also, for parents, there is no room for strollers here and there are no changing tables. I think places like this have a little baby discrimination... people sometimes glare at us when we walk in with our child (even when he's being super quiet). I guess sushi is too cool for babies. My suggestion is to bring the little one in the carseat because he/she will fit just fine in a booth or on the chairs on the patio and go when it's not crowded!
3	My wife really wanted to come here. I used to think this was the best in town, but things have changed. It seems like every time I walk away from here my thoughts are on "I just paid $.... for that!" It seems like prices went up and quality went down when they opened at the Biltmore. I guess they have to cover that rent with higher prices.
5	I felt very compelled to write an update and give stingray an extra star! So I went against my own advice... I came here on a friday, after five, during happy hour, with a stroller. But, I couldn't help myself! We were in the area and I was so hungry. Anyways, we walk in and it's packed inside and we feel like a nuisance coming in with our 8 month old! The hostess tries to figure out how to fit us inside since it was so hot outside and the manager comes and decides that they can get us a highchair, sit us at the sushi bar,  and have us park our stroller by the door. This was the first time we've ever been offered a highchair! And I was happy that they didn't think the stroller by the door was an eye sore. I REALLY appreciated the manager trying to accommodate us quickly. We've definitely been in situations where even the management  gives us dirty looks for bringing a baby to the establishment. But hey! We are young parents who like bringing our little dude out with us :)We get seated and our server and the manager we're super nice the whole time. He often came over to check on us and refill our water glasses. This was the best service we've ever experienced at this location. So I just wanted to say.. I know Stingray is a trendy place catering to good looking singles during happy hour, but thank you for being so accommodating to this family :)
4	Sushi is great - service is good and each time I have dined there with my toddler, they have been great.  They have a pretty good kid's dish that my kid enjoys as well.  The wine list leaves much to be desired (wine lovers have to "settle" but it isn't horrible) but the sushi is WAY better than Ra for sure!
4	I really like this place. Yes, there are times when the place is overflowing and you may feel like you're eating with the table next to you, but the food is delicious!I've been coming here for a couple of years and the sushi is always fresh and interesting. My favorite has to be their signature Stingray roll. The flavors come together in a tangy, sushi-licious (yes, I made up a word) kind of way!Happy Hour is worth your while price-wise.
2	Dont get me wrong, I love Stingray's menu but this location has the absolute worst service.I went here for my bachelorette dinner. They sat us on the patio and completely forgot about us for about 20 mins. We asked several different servers that came to see if we were ok for water, full dining sets, etc. and none of them ever came back. It wasnt until I was seen by one of the waitresses eating my sushi w/ my fingers that they actual brought me a plate and chopsticks ( we asked 4 different girls for it over the hour ). I'll be sticking to the Biltmore location.
5	Best Sushie in Scottsdale! Had never a bad meal over there!
5	Hands down our fav happy hour place!!$5 sake bombers, $3-5 great sushi selection - what's not to love about it?If you sit at the sushi bar you get miso soup and edamame complimentary.My husband and I go there a couple times a month and the only thing that sucks about this location - we never ever get the same server - seems like the staff turnout there is crazy. Different girls every time. It's not really what we want from our fav neighborhood spot. Anyways, the food is really-really good. Try the DRAGON roll!
4	I love this place!  Every time my husband and I come to Scottsdale we have to eat here!  They have some of the best sushi in Scottsdale and the service and atmosphere rocks as well!They also have a great happy hour where you get great deals on sushi rolls and drinks!I'm giving this place a thumbs up and will be back for sure!
2	I had heard all sorts of good things about this place. They were mostly wrong. I would say this place is overrated and overpriced. The $10 crunchy spicy tuna roll came with four - yes 4 pieces and the spider roll was extremely plain. The happy hour is supposedly good, but the normal prices are not worth the fare. Our server probably couldn't get into ASU if she cheated. With the sheer amount of sushi options in the east valley, I won't be going back.
5	I love this place, I used to go to RA - but couldn't hear myself think (cause the music was way too loud) Am I getting old or what?  No really, I go out to talk a visit with friends - I can't do that with blaring music and for whatever reasons - I didn't like the set up of the place.  I however LOVE Stingray - We go early like 5 or 6 and bring our 4 year old who is in love with all the sweet staff (and beautiful staff) - especially the one that could be Nicky Hilton's twin!  We sit outside (no matter how hot it is).  The food is amazing, in fact, the spicy tuna on top of crispy rice tastes exactly like the sushi at famous sushi spot in LA!  We love this place!  And another plus is we have been able to park close by every time - maybe that cause I go so damn early!  Under "attire" - I put casual - but your going out people, look like you care!
2	First off, I came in expecting quite a bit from this place since I've been to the Scottsdale Quarter location as not only very impressed with the menu, but also with the service. This location definitely has the same name and menu but much different service.I was seated quickly and had my drink order taken. Then after about 10-15 minutes, I realize that we haven't seen our waitress forever. We flag down another waitress only to find out that she is our server now. We would easily go 10 minutes in between seeing her. Not like there was a shortage of workers considering there were almost as many waitresses as there were customers. After 15 minutes of waiting for my dessert, I flag the waitress down again and ask about my dessert only to find out she forgot. She just went and got it and went on with business like nothing happened. I was definitely getting the vibe that she wasn't interested in earning much in tips that night so I was happy to oblige her. We didn't even get acknowledged by her as we walked right past her when leaving. Only reason this place doesn't get one star is because their happy hour menu is amazing. With that said....go to a different location!!! This place won't see any of my business ever again.
5	I've been going to Stingray for several years now and it's one of the best sushi restaurants in the Valley. The Morning Dew roll is my absolute favorite and they're always adding new, unique rolls to the menu. I'm writing because I was especially happy with our service last week! Our server, I think her name was Megan, was adorable and absolutely on top of everything. There are some dining experiences that make you leave the restaurant feeling good about your day because you're treated so well. Last week was definitely one of those experiences. With customer service lacking now-a-days, I thought I should write in and reward such a great dining experience. Thanks Stingray! I'll definitely be back!
2	This place has great decor and some smokin servers from time to time, but the food and prices have been a disappointment on every occasion.I can't tell you how many times I have given this place a chance over the past 4 or more years. On some occasions we were there for a birthday, and on other occasions just to grab a quick bite.The dishes which contain chicken breast have always been overcooked and very dry. As for the Sushi rolls, they are far from the best, and certainly nothing special. On occasion they have a rendition of ceviche or a squid salad which both sound promising. Once again on each occasion, the presentation was there, but the portions were very small, certainly didn't taste like anything that was satisfying, and the price tag was insulting for what we had.The only reason that I go to this place at all now, is to grab a quick drink if I'm walking around the area.This is one of those places that creates the stereotypical Scottsdale image, just as RA does just up the street. It's a place to say that you ate at if you want to be a stereotypical, brain dead, Scottsdale doucher. The fact that you consider it to be the best means one of the following:1.) You were extremely fortunate and your food was prepared and presented to perfection.2.) You have no idea what good sushi consists of, and are probably a huge fan of California, Las Vegas, or Godzilla rolls.or3.) You are a young blonde bombshell with no brain who thinks that it's cool to eat Sushi because you are a sheep and think that everything that you see on 'Keeping up with the Kardashian's' is what real life is all about. (or because you watch some other BS show on MTV and are influenced by the complete ass hats with no brains).Either way, this place is typically a terrible place to go and eat if you want to enjoy good Sushi, Sashimi, etc.They do have a nicely decorated interior and sit at a nice location in old town.If you're dating a younger girl with her head in the clouds she will love this place! =)Sorry for the rant and ill painted picture, you can see that I'm over the Scottsdale illusion and have no tolerance for it...If you are in the area, I would hit Kyoto or Pearl before this place, but a quick drive to Missouri and 7th ave will get you the best Sushi experience with a decent price tag.Cheers and much luv! =)FYI...I'm certainly not hating on blonde females, I love them to death as long as they don't fit into that superficial stereotype.
2	I went here on my 2 year anniversary. The food looks really good, a very extensive menu and full bar. My only issue - I got food poisoning that night and threw up. Missed work the next day. I ate crab soup, seaweed ice cream and we split a mixed drink of tropical ingredients so it's hard to identify the culprit. The prices are outrageous and the servings small. The puking makes me want to run back to Kyoto Bowl for good cucumber rolls and better prices.
5	Staying at the nearby Westin Kierland.  Shuttle service provided to Stingray.  The shuttle driver recommended Stingray sushi over the other nearby sushi restaurants.  We concur.  The sushi was excellent.  Went during happy hour.  The prices were great.  The atmosphere is upscale chic, and the service attentive and polite.
3	I would give Stingray five stars for their happy hour! They have a lot of sushi and apps, and $5 sake bombers. I like the design of this place. It has that retro 70's feel. The last time we were here I had a really sweet server. I wish I could remember her name! The other few times I've been the service has been lacking a little.The fish here has always been fresh, just a little expensive and the portions are a wee bit skimpy. Thats why I love the happy hour!I will continue to come here for happy hour! (which I believe goes until 7 or 7:30 wish is bad ass!)
2	I'm putting this place on BLAST! Me and my wife came in because we got the email about some great happy hour specials they have. But they are sneaky, they don't give you a sushi sheet with happy hour deals only they give you one with everything so if you make a mistake you get to pay full price :). SNEAKY, SNEAKY. The waitress goes over our order and everything we got was on special accept I accidentally marked 1 yellow tail instead of Spicy yellow tail, so it was $6 instead of $3. Common sense would tell the waitress that we only wanted happy hour specials but I guess common sense is not that common for this one. Also the Sushi was prepared ahead of time and my wife ended up getting SICK! This is just another little hipster Sushi joint that blasts Trendy music and only hires Hot trendy waitresses.I'd rather go to Hiro and skip all the Flash!
2	We had reservations at Geisha across the street this past Saturday, but since the wait was about 1.5 hours, we ended up at Stingray.The three of us shared a few dishes, as follows:* house salad ($5) - had a couple of bites, nothing special* beef yakitori (2 skewers / $9) - cooked medium and very tender, but would have been bland without the three sauces on the side * scallop dynamite ($9) - tried a bite and found the scallops to be overcooked and the sauce too tart* mango tango ($13) - liked the combination of the red eye tuna, chunks of mango, greens, and light sauce (would have been better had the tuna been fresher and chopped into smaller pieces)* sea urchin sashimi ($17) - the serving here is more generous than I've had at other sushi restaurants, and although not the freshest I've tasted, was more than adequate to satisfy my craving* Nabeyaki udon ($19) - good flavor* California roll ($5.50) - I never bother to try this I tried the Japanese Tease ($9), a drink made with citrus vodka, green tea extract, colpico, and lime juice. This was too sweet, and I barely tasted any vodka (or green tea). Although pretty to look at, definitely not worth the price. We also shared the green tea tempura ice cream ($7), which came with three pieces - perfect for our group. The others raved about this dessert, but I found it to be nothing special. The batter tasted too pasty, for lack of a better word. I'm also not a fan of green tea, so this may have something to do with my less than enthusiastic reaction.Our server was Sarah, and although a sweet gal, we didn't see much of her during our time there. Stingray is a nice looking restaurant, but I've had better sushi at Kabuki (Tempe) and at my fave place, Roka Akor (Scottsdale).
2	Sticky tables, loud, mediocre food for the price, decent saki selection bumped it to 2 stars.  Look for better.
3	The food here was pretty good as was the location. Wow! I did not have any expectations of Scottsdale before my recent trip and all the locations amazed me. This was probably one of my favorites. It is located in such a hip and fun shopping/dining area. The service was not good. We had 1 waitress for 20 people. The manager did comp us for the trouble but it took us 4 hours to eat. The happy hour specials are great!
4	This really just about the Happy Hour deals. Great Happy Hour until 7, which I think is later than it used to be or their Scottsdale Quarter location. Half price drinks and $1 hot sake. Same for appetizers, including some shrimp. Great bargain and they have no problem with lingering and checking back right before HH ends.
2	I've got to say, even after all the day drinking we did before stopping it, this place STILL was a disappointment. I'll be honest, we only came here because Geisha had an hour and fifteen minute wait. Crazy.There were four of us. Sitting on the patio. In the dark. Bring a flashlight, seriously it's dark. And something to stabilize the table... they wobble. Good thing there's no cutting involved.My buddy and I ordered edamame to start, and then  the Crispy Spicy Tuna and the Spicy Shrimp and Scallops. The Scallops is $21!! We were a little hesitant at the price of just one item but to use his words "Oh man, we're in for a real treat!".Out comes the food. The Crispy Spicy Tuna is FOUR pieces. Womp Womp. All it is... is crunch. No real flavor or spiciness. Just super hard and crunchy.THEN the real joke comes. Our Spicy Shrimp and Scallops is literally ONE overcooked Jumbo Shrimp, TWO smallish scallops and four rice cakes sitting in a bowl of broth. I'll give them this, the broth was delicious. Super spicy and awesome. But the portion size is a joke considering the price. We were laughing hysterically at our gross overstatement of a "real treat". Oh and the edamame was never brought out. Our server... Jennifer? Jessica? She was sweet and apologized and graciously removed it from the bill. The bathrooms are super weird also. The sliding door is like wide open for the restaurant to see in to and I wasn't sure if i was supposed to shut it... strange. Each stall is closed, but you can see the urinals in the men's room as you walk in to the women's. Very awkward and not too clean.I won't return.
5	the patio is where the reallll party is at!
3	I rode along with a friend to Scottsdale for the day and she treated me to lunch. We ended up going to Stingray Sushi near the Fashion Square Mall. They have a great patio to sit out on and enjoy a nice day in AZ. The sushi was good we got a Vegas roll a Philli roll and a California roll pretty standard and then a order of chicken yakitori. Between three of us it was plenty and our friend had plenty left over to take home which was good. The Vegas roll was mildly soggy from all the eel sauce when it got to us and the chicken was dry but it still tasted alright. The service was pretty good both times i have been. I would go if i was in the neighborhood and wanted sushi.
4	Sooo fresh and yummy sushi!!Cute tiny place with super fast and friendly service. Now the sushi is incredible! We had a variety of rolls and loved them all! The tempura lobster was good, but way over shadowed by the sushi and the lychee martinis! The martini's were so delicious...drank 3 and we were still sober I guess that was the only disappointment.
4	What a cool little sushi joint, right in the heart of Old Town. Went here w/ co-workers for lunch, and had an enjoyable time. I love sushi but wasn't feelin it for lunch, so I tried out their salmon bento box. I was very happy w/ my choice! Nothing like a nice, filling, healthy meal in the middle of the day. Our server was on top of everything (we had a good size group). Prices seemed decent. Glad I found a good bento box place close to the office. No complaints here.
4	Can't figure out what anyone could find wrong with this place.  People obvioulsy have bad days, good days, etc, but considering the sushi was fresh and delicious, the manager checked on us, and our server was great, I have to give it a 4 out of 5.  The 4 is because I grew up in the west coast so all due respect, I've experienced the world of sushi.  Next trip out to Scottsdale, I'll def be coming back to Stingray.
4	A nice, small restaurant.  Good service, not exceptional, but good.  Nicely presented sushi rolls but could use a little more fish.  I would go back but not rush back.  Great location in old town.
3	This review is for the Bento box lunch, $10, even on weekends. Miso Soup, and your box comes with whatever entree you choose, a pickled veg salad, rice and a mixed green salad topped with some sort of Caesar esq dressing. Not too Scottsdale snobbery, cool decor, still get a kick over their floor aquarium.
3	Yay for happy hour and half off on cocktails! Have been back to this Stingray for a few times now, mostly for happy hours and one time for lunch, experiences were pretty consistent. Happy hour value for half off on their specialty cocktails and some sushi rolls were very nice, other tapas like crispy calamaris were just a-ok, nothing very special. Really liked the lunch bento boxes!For some reasons, this place is always very loud, ignore the bar area, even by the inner side of the dinning room, it's still very noisy, so if you are looking for quiet place, this isn't your choice...
4	Love this place - GREAT sushi - GREAT staff - all VERY hot but nice girls!  Fun place - just right!  Great happy hour!
4	Went here for lunch with a co-worker.  Great place for a fast Bento Box.  The food was fresh and the server was very pleasant.I had the Teryaki chicken Bento Box with Vegetable Tempura which comes with Miso Soup, Salad, Cucumber Salad and rice.  The chicken has a mixture of veggies cooked into the sauce.  All in all I am leaving very full.The lunch cost me just shy of $20 which included a drink with tax and tip.  I consider this to be on the higher end of a quick lunch during the week, but will definitely be returning.
5	I was in Scottsdale for 2 weeks a couple months ago for training and came here for happy hour about 5 times over those 2 weeks. The sushi here is super fresh and there is plenty to choose from on the happy hour menu. The girls that work here are beautiful and the service was great. I love the atmosphere here as well, you walk in looking down at an aquarium!!! I wish there was a place like this close to home.
5	This is where I fell in love with sushi.!!! (first time to try sushi)The morning dew is my favorite by far the sauce is amazing
3	The godzilla roll is massive, the stingray roll was also good
4	My favorite place for sushi in Old Town. The earliest happy hour (3PM) I can think of.
3	Good sushi and a great location for people watching since it's in Old Town Scottsdale. It can get super busy though and a little crowded but that's okay when you know you're going to OT Scottsdale. Service was great and really pleasant. Food came out fast and was good sushi overall. It's on the pricier side but you're getting trendy sushi in trendy OT Scottsdale so what are you gonna do, right? Have been here several times in the last year and always walked away satisfied so I can't complain. Enjoy!
4	Its sad to see that this place is only 3 stars now. I LOVE stingray its one of the better sushi places in Scottsdale. Why do I love it, cuz it has the Morning Dew roll. No other sushi place has this type of roll. The sauce is killer too! Im a big sauce fan I've told ya'll this in many of my reviews. Way to go Sting Ray.I could see how the service may be a little bad, but food it good.
4	Great happy hour, great location and good service. The sushi is average but does its job and goes down great with some sake!
4	I stopped in here with the owner's girlfriend after she cut my hair. She kindly treated me to anything I wanted to eat and drink. wooo hoo! I ordered a Grey Goose and cranberry and a Las Vegas roll (my all time favorite sushi- even if it is fried). Both were delicious. Thank you!!
5	I cannot really speak to the sushi (I don't eat sushi), but everyone in our party loved their meal.  I just wanted to write a quick review to speak about the service!  We had the best waitress!  A party of ten women and this girl did a fabulous job, was attentive, quick, patient and even helped us with a birthday cake we brought in!!  A great experience!
1	I went there for drinks with friends who were visiting from out of town.  Being new to Arizona myself wanted to explore what old town had to offer.  If you are not a regular they ignore you completely.  Bar staff was not friendly, manager was not very professional.  We left before finishing drinks and had an excellent time some of,the other places nearby.
3	Given the choice, I would give Stingray 3.5 stars for this dining experience.Sushi is good... but not great.  I always rate my sushi experiences based on the complexity of the rolls, freshness of ingredients, and taste of some of the more complicated rolls on the menu... and they were just ok here.  Maybe I just dined at the wrong times... but I wasn't overly impressed by the sushi at Stingray. On the positive side of things, the appearance is very hip and cool... and the cucumber martini was excellent!  Also, the location is a great spot to hangout and be seen (or to do the seeing).  And the patio is heated on those chillier nights.
4	Sushi dinner with my employer means one thing and one thing only... sushi gluttony. Consequently, this means that we've sampled every corner of their menu and then some. Here are the dishes that really stood out to me. In fact, they didn't just stand out, but smacked me in the face with all their fishy goodness:1) Crispy Spicy Tuna: on fried sushi rice, unagi sauce & serrano chile ($10)2) Fresh Seared Hamachi: seared yellowtail, onion, tomato, petite greens, yuzu & white truffle oil drizzle ($17)3) Big Eye Tuna: seared big eye tuna with teriyaki vinaigrette over japanese mushroom risotto ($24)4) Sashimi Plate: chef's choice of 5 different, 3 piece sashimi selections ($21)Also, make sure you try the Kiwi Collins which is a mixed drink of Pineapple Vodka, fresh kiwi, lemon juice & soda ($10)The service was efficient and friendly (and yes, the waitresses were exceptionally hot as some other reviewers mentioned) and we all found this sushi joint to be a solid experience.-----Distinguishing factor: Fantastic specialties that are sure to please, coupled with a pleasant  Old Town vibe.
2	You forgot to put in my food order, or you forgot to apologize for the mistake, either way I haven't forgotten to write you a negative review.If I could give 2.5 stars I would because the person next to me got their sushi on a boat which looked really cool, and deserves .5 stars.
5	Atmosphere is 4 stars, but sushi gets 5 stars. I live nearby and I'm officially addicted to the "Godzilla" roll !! I've also been to the Scottsdale Quarter location, and although the atmosphere is much more hip at this location, the sushi was not as fresh as the Old Town location. Go asap and order the Godzilla roll !! It's monstrous and delicious and you will be stuffed full when you leave !!!
4	The space is pretty small so it gets crowded. And while I don't order any crazy fancy sushi, for some reason the Philadelphia roll I usually get did not taste as good at this location compared to the biltmore location.  But their Las Vegas roll was good.
1	This place is disgusting!!!!! First off its not an authentic japanese place, the waiteress was nice , she did very well on knowing the menu but the food sucks. I didnt get to try the sushi becuz there were no more and seriously if your a restaurant always have extra food instead of running out. My drink was disgusting also I order a pineapple cocktail and it tasted like ginger( i dont like ginger), then I ordered a different drink kiwi and pineapple cocktail but it tasted like dishwashing soap ewww the waitress said it was how the recipe is. The shrimp tempura was good which I had as an appetizer but my fuji apple salmon entree was disturbing because the salmon tasted like it wasnt clean and the mash potatoes tasted like it was spoiled. I didnt even borther with dessert I just wanted to leave. My friend on the other hand enjoyed her ginger cocktail which was suppose to b pineapple and she enjoyed her filet (beef filet with mashed potatoes) she gets a side eye from me becuz who eats beef at a japanese restaurant.  After spending $67 buck each I was quiet disappointed in this fake Japanese spot. The next day my stomach was still upset from eating there. Thats a whole night n day n half with upset stomach.:-X
2	I always expect to pay more money for sushi but I also expect the taste and quality to be worth the money and Stingrays sushi didn't even come close!!! I would have rather given Stingray a 1.5.  Their food is very mediocre and WAY overpriced.  I felt robbed when I left.  I don't normally post reviews about restaurants but I wanted to warn other since felt so cheated out of a good sushi experience.   If you want to hear more ranting read blow:The service was sub-par, both in serving and in feeling welcome.  The decor is awesome and it looks fancy, a great look for a date, yet only take a date who is afraid to even trying sushi, there isn't much taste in the rolls, so a sushi novice would handle the situation alright.  However the menus are poorly made, so if I hadn't already known some of the rolls I would have never known what they were made of. Only the special rolls have a description. Plus, the heaters outside are too close to the tops of your head, I felt like my forehead was being cooked.To be fair, I have been to lots of sushi restaurants, expensive and inexpensive, even a bunch in Japan, so I am familiar with good sushi...... and I may be more critical than some.  Thank goodness this was not my first sushi experience. BEWARE!
4	Good sushi, nothing mind blowing, good Saki (what's really important?) and screaming hot waitresses!!We had a rather large party, but would like to hang out on the patio for drinks and sushi next time.
2	Clearly Arizona does not know what good sushi is all about. I guess that shouldn't surprise me, considering it's nowhere near an ocean, but still I expected much better, especially for the prices.The Upside: super hot waitstaff, surprisingly good calamari, cool modern feel.The downside: overpriced, slow service, crowded and uncomfortable patio area, barely edible sushi rolls (seriously, I've had better from the grocery store deli).Come here for some sake and appetizers, but eat dinner someplace else.  And don't go to the place across the street! It's the same owners.
3	3 stars we ordered the spicy tuna roll and it was wayyyyy to spicy.  The ambiance of the restaurant is amazing and the drinks were great.
4	Spent a day of shopping at the Scottsdale Quarter and thought I would pop in for some sushi.  Place was dead but the service was good.  The food is always high quality and fresh.  I sat at the Sushi bar and chatted with the Sushi chef, which was fun considering there was no one else in the joint.  I wish I would have waited a bit longer for the HH prices but over, its good food and good price.
4	Supreme quality, but extreme pricing. A great place for lunch, happy hour, or to make a good impression. Love the ambiance, ideal for a date, business meeting, or any sort of good impression, and the staff is top notch too.The sushi, especially sashimi, is high grade. Amazingly fresh stuff, and the selection is varied with different types. For a truly special occasion try the lobster dynamite-- it might have been one of the best seafood dishes I have ever tasted. The cocktail menu is impressive, but the martinis can be a bit strong. Dinner pricing is high, but nothing unusual for the marketplace, and portions are small, but like I said before you're paying for the quality and atmosphere.
2	They have reallllllly hot miso soup!I know that because the last time I was here, our waitress poured half of my miso in my lap. With no apology. And no offers to comp the soup that probably has left my ovaries unable to function. But hey, she and the other staff are pretty so that's all that matters, right? Nobody cares about service or basic manners anymore, right?
2	The only good thing about this place was the excellent tasting and unique cocktails.  The buck stops there.I came here last night with a group of ten and although they don't take reservations they ended up reserving a large table for us, which was pretty nice of them.  All the cocktails I tried were unique and tasty but overpriced.  The sushi was really bland and nothing better then RA.  I was hesitant to try the lobster ceviche because of the whopping $21 price tag, but I figured it would be awesome and a generous portion.  When the ceviche arrived it had  three measly lettuce cups and virtually no lobster at all; the few TINY pieces of lobster I did find were tasteless.  I was so disappointed, and actually pretty pissed.  What a scam and ripoff.  I'm not a cheap person but that was just plain robbery.  I didn't even eat a full cup and didn't touch the rest; when the waitress was within earshot I commented how I didn't like the dish, but she never said a word.  I work in the food industry and you should be able to tell when a dish isn't being eaten because the customer doesn't enjoy it.  Our waitress was pretty attentive and friendly but she wasn't present very often.  The whole "no split checks" thing is BS!  It is not hard to split checks and unless they hand write all orders, the P.O.S system is clearly able to do it.  Forcing groups to share one tab isn't convenient for anyone, including the server, and it just pisses people off.  Also the booths are too low for the tables are feel really awkward; good thing we were the first to arrive and got to nab the chairs!  Total bill was $659.00 for ten people.  This place is not worth that type of money at all.  Such an utter disappointment.
4	I like to go here with friends and sit on the patio when it isn't too hot. Sometimes the traffic on Scottsdale road can be noisy, but it is a great place to people watch.All of the sushi I have ever tried at Stingray is great. However, my FAVORITE roll is the Las Vegas roll! I have ordered it at other restaurants, but it is never the same as here. This one is the best! I always get the Las Vegas roll when I go here or there would be no reason to go!I don't like to sit inside because the music is so loud that you can't talk to anyone. Service can be a little slow at times, but they are always friendly. Bathrooms are weird in the respect that you have to close the outer door to the bathroom as well as the door to your stall - if you see it you will understand.
1	After a few bad experiences here, I will not be returning.  The most recent experience I ordered takeout, I get home to find that there is no dipping sauce for the tempura, which is spongy (mind you I live very close, so the food was not sitting around for an extended amount of time before I consumed it), in addition to the fact that 2 more items in my to go order aren't even present. Upon calling to ask why they don't check their orders before sending them away with their patrons, I only received an apology with no explanation, after speaking with the manager I was still dissatisfied as they could not tell me why, when there were only two tables sitting in the restaurant they couldn't take a moment to check my order for accuracy, and once again the manager as well as the hostess were very nonchalant about my concerns. Besides the fact that the service was so poor and unprofessional, the food was mediocre at best. This leads me to a previous time that I ate at the Biltmore location, for lunch, and found a large piece of plastic in my mouth after taking a bite of my salad. After alerting the waitress she only said "Oh, Sorry". That was it, they proceeded to leave the remaining food for my consumption and didn't take anything off of the bill until I asked for a manager. From unacceptable service to mediocre (overpriced) food, Stingray is not a place I'll be going again.
5	This is our favorite place for sushi happy hour in old town. Rolls are good and good prices during happy hour.
2	Overall was just too pricey for the experience. Little thing added up to upset me. No reservations, cramped dinner experience, no split checks. Service is good but not great. The happy hour is decent, but again there are other places I would go to first. I like to sit outside when the weather permits but if you sit outside here you will be sitting next to one of the busiest roads in Arizona and it smells like car exhaust. Not highly recommended.
4	One of my favorite places in old town. Freshest fish and the rolls wrapped in cucumber are a dieters' dream! I highly recommend the lollipop, morning dew, lava roll, godzilla. Sea urchin looks weird but it's delicious. Sashimi is fresh and perfectly sliced. Shrimp sumai dumplings are a great starter. I also love the calamari. The service has definitely gone down over the years. The servers are less attentive and the hostess's are passively rude. Happy hour is a great time to go if you want to try a bunch of different items. I also love their unique cocktails but the are pricey.
5	We love this place. We base our review on the fresh fish and this place has the best fresh fish hands down.  We recommend sitting at the sushi bar for extra attention. You get free Miso soup and edamame. We will definitely be back!
2	When first walking in to Stingray Sushi, a low-lit bamboo themed restaurant greets you. At the entrance there is a fish tank under the floor... and that was the best thing about this place... We ordered the Yakiniku and the Hew Do Bow. The Yakiniku's stir-fried Asian vegetables were ok, I couldn't really tell with the whole meal being drowned in Korean Soy Sauce.The Hew Do Bo should be renamed to the Edgar Allan Poe*, because this meal was worthy of being buried under the floorboards and it left me with feelings of regret. If I were invited into Stingray Sushi again, I would not venture too far from just eating Sushi...* Edgar Allan Poe's "The Tell-Tale Heart"
1	I'm from the northwest, and I'm used to pretty high-caliber sushi. I don't know why I thought it was a good idea to eat sushi in the dessert, but this place was actually shockingly bad. I couldn't believe all the surrounding customers had dressed up to eat this trash. I paid an arm and a leg for sushi I couldn't swallow and then had to make up for it by buying dinner somewhere else.Stingray sushi? Try the stinging ray of disappointment.
2	I went here with a group of 8 last weekend.  I have been here before and had a pretty good experience overall, however this time was not good, particularly because of the service.  The waitress, in our opinion, knew she was getting the 20% (yeah, 20% is their standard which isn't cool), and didn't care to take care of us.  I'm a good tipper and will always tip 20% if justified, but this experience was not good.   She could have cared less about us and clearly made us feel that.  Def not a good place for groups. And the food was just about average.
1	Hair in our sushi. All servers with their long hair down? Not fresh. Not good. Won't be back.
4	Staff is friendly, sushi is decent, location is pretty cool with both indoor and outdoor areas.  I prefer it to the other nearby sushi places when in this part of Scottsdale.
1	I came here for my best friend's birthday dinner. She made a reservation for 8pm and we didn't get seated until 9:30pm! We had a fairly large group, about 8 people, and we were just awkwardly standing outside while someone would come outside every 15 minutes to tell us our table was ALMOST ready. After an hour of this nonsense our group was ready to go somewhere else because we were so hungry. However, we decided to wait it out. Apparently we were waiting for people to pay their check and finish their meal. What was the point of making a reservation? Once we were seated our food came pretty quickly but our waitress seemed less than enthused. I ordered the salmon roll and spicy crab roll which I would say were pretty decent. I don't eat sushi much but my friend who also attended the dinner and eats sushi said that it was just average. Needless to say I will not be coming back here again.
5	Great for lunch! I had never been here for lunch but walked over after there was a huge line at Chop Shop. I ordered some edamame to start, a chicken teriyaki bento box and some assorted sashimi. Food was hot, tasty, fresh, and came quickly. The lunch portions were great and the pricing was very reasonable. Definitely high quality for the price. The service has always been great here & that was consistent again this time as well.I come here for dinner often and now I'll be coming here for lunch more frequently too.
4	i had a pleasant experience with stingray the service was outstanding, the food was phenomenal and the dining atmosphere was everything anyone can ask for in fine dining.ill definitely be going back
4	Las Vegas rolls are pretty spectacular.  I went sake bombing here too, but the glasses are a little too small to do it right.  It's a fun place to go if you have a great group of friends outside for a happy hour.
4	When you are out of town and in Scottsdale Stingray Sushi is one of my go to places to eat. It is a great place to meet friends and have an awesome lunch or dinner. Stingray Sushi has this very hip vibe going on when you first walk in and it can be a bit overwhelming but once you are seated the service is great. They bring you warm wash cloths to prepare for your meal. We ordered a few rolls but the Mango Tango and Lava Rolls were my favorite.The service was good but when all the hostesses and waiters are very young they tend to socialize with each other and get caught up in drama that is going on between them so for this reason I gave them 4 stars.  I will say that I plan on eating at Stingray Sushi again once I am back in Scottsdale, it's good eats.
3	I really recommend this place, but unless the food is great, I don't hand out four stars and above. Go for the atmosphere, the atmosphere is probably the best I've experienced in all of Phoenix so far.The great thing about this place is the atmosphere. It's hip, and modern with an Asian influence.The best thing about this haunt is the staff. We sat at the bar, and the manager, the bartenders and most of the rest of the staff circling about were friendly and very helpful. I drink shoot loads of water, I can get through more than 5 glasses in one meal. Not once was my water glass empty. She just kept filling it up. Also we wanted to watch the game (Sunday Football) and turn on the closed captioning, they spent a good 15 minutes figuring it out, just for us. Awesome people, plus they were chatty but not intrusive.The second best thing is the bartender. Her cocktails, we had a Geisha a Go Go and Kimono Dragon. The Kimono Dragon was great (being sweet) while the Geisha a Go Go was not as sweet, more alcoholic and tasted like watermelons as it should.Unfortunately, the food wasn't the best. I had the Vegetable Udon. The flavor was good, but it was so salty. I have to agree with another yelper that they use way too much Soy Sauce.We also had a variety of sushi's. We had sashimi and some other raw fishes and no one got sick, a big plus in the Valley. The flavor was ok, but it didn't leave my mouth watering. We had some spicy tuna, some sashimi, some fish eggs, and this and that.I wouldn't go hunt this place down and make it a place to go to when I'm wanting some good food, but if I'm totally down on the atmosphere. It's really somewhere I'd go and just sit around for two hours or so. The food isn't great, but the great atmosphere and the staff is well worth the bill easily racked up. Lastly, we had the chocolate cake, it was definitely chocolatey and relatively moist.... I lo
4	We came here on a fairly quiet night and had a nice expereince.  Great sushi, cute atmosphere, and good service.  We rarely come here because there's a really excellent sushi place closer to home, but these folks served up great stuff.  We tried a cucmber-wrapped roll (love when that's on the menu!) and sashimi, as well as a fun roll, and it was all really well-prepared and tasty.  The decor is really funky and trendy, plus they have a really nice patio.  It's a bit dark and trendy for my taste, inside - however, lots of people love that in an old town sushi joint, plus that's what they're going for and they're succeeding :-)
5	My wife and I went to Stingray Sushi for dinner 3 nights in a row while visiting Scottsdale. Delicious sushi, nice ambiance, good service. There's a full bar with music, but if you're sitting in the next room at the sushi bar it's not noisy at all. There was an interesting looking sushi club across the street, but we were looking for something a little more low key. The price was perfect, since they have some sushi entrees at half price during happy hour. We would definitely go back.
4	I was craving sushi and had some time to kill between work and a concert at the performing arts center, so I popped in. Despite it being a Friday evening in Scottsdale, and me being dressed in my nurse scrubs, I didn't feel any snooty vibes, which is what I stereotypically expected. The dining room is calming and zen. And like I said, being in scrubs (and alone!), I was treated kindly and seated in the middle of the dining room (after being asked if I wanted to sit at the sushi bar). Happy hour is from 3-7pm, with half price cocktail and an assortment of half price apps, sushi etc. I had the seaweed salad (a little vinegar-y for my taste, but a good-sized portion), a "special roll" whose name I forgot, it had salmon, tuna, yellowtail and avocado wrapped in cucumber, served with ponzu sauce (only five pieces tho, for $13), a spicy salmon roll (good), and since I was still hungry (nurses don't have time for lunch!), I had two pcs of tuna nigiri and two of tamago, for something sweet. I washed it all down with a "Kiwi Collins" from the cocktail menu, and it was great. However, when the server came by to ask if I wanted a second one, and I declined, she took my glass away before I noticed!Overall, a nice, not too pricy ($37 at happy hour) dinner. I wasn't rushed, the food was good. I'd go back.
5	I admit that I am a sushi novice, but Stingray is so good that I have been expanding my sushi tastes. Try you will love it. I haven't found a better place yet!
2	The sushi here is decent. It's not a "fantastic sushi find," but it scratches that sushi itch. I've dined here 5-6 times, and the thing that is truly remarkable is the aloofness of the staff. The bartenders, although cute, think this is their roost. I suppose they believe their role supersedes that of their customers'. The hostesses and servers are cute too, but if I want to bask in cuteness, I'd go to a puppy farm. I dine for food, service, and ambiance. The service here is so abysmal, I avoid it. When a bartender can't even make eye contact because she is so cool, (this has happened several times) I've got other places to go. I'm not a difficult guy to look at, but maybe if I had a fraternity jacket on, they'd be interested. Until then, let the employees' poor training continue to push customers away.
1	We ordered ours to go and they missed one order of sashimi plate and there was no wasabi in any of the other entrees/rolls we ordered :( Now who forgets wasabi??? Fish was fresh though and sushi rolls were delicious. We got spicy tuna, spicy crab, and some California rolls in addition to entrees.
4	This is a review of Happy Hour (runs from 3-7) at Stingray in Old Town.A really good experience with and easy on the wallet to boot!A number of great choices and some really good drink specials.  We had the Gyoza (pot stickers), shrimp shumai, dragon roll and the Las Vegas roll.We were seated on the patio, which was a nice high top overlooking Scottsdale road.Service was very good.  The gyoza and shumai were a good appetizer size.  The sushi rolls were good, but I would say great.  The happy hour pricing still puts the whole experience at a solid value.I would go back for Happy Hour again!
1	Very disappointed.  I think because its in such a touristy area, they can get away with being less than average. Server was very pleasant but the disappointment was with our food and drink. Flat coke, it actually tasted like the lines were dirty. My friend's coffee was murky luke warm and just bad. I hoped the sushiWould be better. We decided to just order one roll to see if it would be decent. Sadly, it was the worst spicy scallop roll I've ever had. Prices were high (but I guess expected due to location).  Sorry stingray but this was a real miss!
3	I've been here once before and thought it only average.  My boyfriend and I tried to go to Shin Bay with a friend a couple of weeks ago but since we didn't have reservations we couldn't get in so we ended up here instead even though I wasn't very enthused about it. It was our lucky night because most of what we ordered was good.  We ordered two rolls, a sashimi plate that came with rice, lobster ceviche and squid salad.  I don't recall which rolls we had but I'm sure at least one involved spicy tuna. The squid salads were much larger than we get at most places and pretty average.  The lobster ceviche was fresh and had the right amount of acid for me.  The waitress asked if there were any fish we disliked but we couldn't think of anything so we ended up with five different fish including mackerel.  Neither my boyfriend or our friend liked that so I ended up eating it all.  It was OK though I wouldn't go out of my way to order it again.  The fish was all fresh that evening so no complaints there.We also ordered some Nigori sake but unfortunately didn't specify which one so we ended up with a lot more than we needed. The quality wasn't as good as what we typically order.  I also had a stock exchange which was refreshing. My boyfriend and I each ordered some ice cream of different flavors.  I had asked the waitress if it was just a small amount as I only wanted a scoop.  Turned out to be about three scoops each so it mostly went to waste.  It wasn't very good either and I would advise not ordering it.
3	So this place is like Geisha's less talented sibling... that happens to live across the street.  The food is worse and the servers arent quite as attractive.   If youre looking for an uninspired menu, this is your spot.  As for me, I think id rather save the $25 and buy some fireball.
4	Was in scottsdale for vacation and chose this place for dinner. It was amazing sushi. Probably the best sushi we have ever had. The stingray roll, crunch roll and cabo roll were fantastic. If your looking for a place to have sushi this is your place
4	If you're looking for a classic, no frills, sushi bar experience, this is the place for you.  Sit at the sushi bar and chum it up with your chef.  Great food, great prices!  If Kyoto is closed, go here!  It's just a couple blocks south!  You won't regret it.  Don't let the negative reviews fool you... Some people go to a restaurant to be seen socially.  Some want to eat good food! If you are the former, go to roka akor.  If you're the latter, give stingray sushi a go!
4	Came here late night for cocktails and a bite. Loved the dumplings.  Beef skewers were good but kinda marbled. Watermelon flavored martini was bomb but could use a little more alcohol. Overall a great experience!
1	Did not order the sushi - made the mistake of ordering the Spring Roll and Lobster Tempura.  Both were basically inedible - oily and flavorless.  The sauce with the spring roll was sugary.  The sauce with the lobster tempura (which was supposed to be lemon aioli) was basically just gloppy mayonnaise.  My cocktail (one of the "specials" with lychee) was horribly sweet and I don't think had a bit of alcohol. Service was indifferent.  A very bad experience all around.
3	Not super impressed. Would take Geisha over Stingray any day, but Stingray isn't awful. Seems Stingray has a more extensive list of sashimi-type dishes though, which is cool for a change.
4	Great kiwi drink.  Great sushi had the dragon and las Vegas roll.  Nice patio but ask for new plates because plates on table ahead get a layer of dust.
3	The lobster tempura is not worth the $20 - the tempura taste overwhelms the lobster and can't taste it. The Tuna Tataki and the Gyoza were pretty good. Everything else nothing you can't get at other sushi restaurants. Portions could be bigger for the amount they charge. Bonus for people watching when you sit at their patio.
2	I've eaten in this restaurant before and it was good.  However, it wasn't this last time.  I am a vegetarian, so I ordered the vegetarian roll and tempura vegetables.  The roll was only 4 pieces and it was wide, but there were little vegetables and lots of rice.  I ordered a second roll, and requested that they put more vegetables and less rice, but that too was way too much rice and slightly more veggies.  The tempura vegetables were nothing to write home about.  They were greasy and there was pepper, but no sweet potato.I was disappointed, particularly when the quality goes down.
4	While in Arizona I was told by a vast amount of people to eat at Stingray sushi and to my surprise sushi exceeded my expectations! I eat sushi twice a week and out of all the places I have enjoyed eating sushi I will definitely say Stingray sushi is one of the best!
5	Dined in over Father's Day weekend and loved it! The sashimi plate was so fresh and was one of the best sushi places we have eaten since Hawaii. All the sushi we had has delicious we ordered 8 different kinds. Great service, we had two little ones and the waitresses were great with them, even had them feed the fish! So nice we will be coming back for sure. Left a great impression
4	That's what I needed.  Great sushi, kids loved it.  Tatum is a sushi lover too!  Apps where awesome.   Great spot to watch some World Cup and enjoy some yummy lunch.
5	Nice! Great Uchi No salad and Casa Blanco maki. Service A plus. I would recommend this restaurant any day!!
2	I ordered the sushi bento for lunch and was only happy with the salmon nigiri.  Everything else was meh.  It's definitely not worth the money or the smooth rock you get to look at on your napkin.  We won't be coming back.
5	This is my favorite sushi restaraunt in AZ. I'm not actually into sushi and this place always has the best sushi for people who do sushi for the social aspect. Always busy at peak times so plan ahead if you don't want to wait. Crispy Spicy Tuna and Cabo Blanco Roll are my favs! Pico de gallo on sushi? Weird but amazing....
4	Bento boxes and sushi rolls are a must. Won-ton soup is a bit on the salty side. Be sure to ask for extra fruit snacks for your after-dinner pleasure!
3	Another day, another new sushi restaurant.  I was in the neighborhood around here with my co-worker who suggested going to this place.  It was empty when we arrived ~ 2 pm so we had our choice of seats.  I had a good first impression of this place with the cool orange color motif and the clear glass under your feet when you first walk in giving you a view of cute fish swimming underneath.  They started out playing some cool techno music.  After we sat down, we noticed that the table was a bit sticky, which was a turn-offWe started out with the octopus salad which had nice flavor.  It was predominantly acidic with a touch of sweetness and the cucumbers gave it a nice crunch.  The octopus, unfortunately, was a bit too tough for my tastes. Next came the sushi rolls.  The morning dew was really good - in general, I am not a huge fan of tempura-infused sushi, but the amount added was relatively subtle and added a nice textural element.  The Hotty Hamachi sashimi was topped with a jalapeno and was fresh and packed a nice punch.  The spicy scallop roll was a little disappointing.  The spiciness of the roll overwhelmed the star of the dish, the scallops, which I was unable to taste in all of the pieces except one.  We also had the spicy tuna and spicy yellowtail rolls that were tasty as well.  While our server was extremely attractive, they forgot to give us the ginger and wasabi when our sushi arrived.  She was very friendly, however.We paid ~$36 per person for the meal and had a good experience here overall.
