5	I recently moved to Vegas and needed to find a good hairdresser I could stick with. My hair had grown way too long, had absolutely no volume, and was falling in separate chunks around my shoulders. After reading the reviews on Yelp (I guess James used to work at ISIS hair salon, and even though he left, he was so good that everyone continued to rave about him on that page), I decided to make an appointment with James. I'm glad I did. James listened to everything I wanted and discussed how he could solve those problems with a hairstyle tailored specifically for my face. His expertise made me confident that I'd put myself in good hands. My hair turned out amazing - I've never loved a haircut as much as this one, and I've never received so many compliments on my hair before. My new haircut gives me tons of volume with minimal effort. My side bangs fall perfectly across my face, and my hair falls so nicely around my shoulders. James listened to what I wanted and gave me a style that fit what I needed and looked great. On top of that, I'm amazed at how versatile my hair is. I can tone it down and make it look conservative when I need to wear business clothes during the day, and play it up and make it look modern and stylish at night.On top of being a great hairstylist, James himself is incredibly nice, funny, and makes you feel really relaxed. The whole process is very low stress and yields great results. Plus, at $30 a haircut, you are getting a GREAT deal. I've been to hairdressers who charge $60 with mediocre results. I'm definitely going to go back to James and I can't wait to see how my hair turns out next time :)
5	This is probably the best place in town if you want to get a decent hair cut for a decent price. I give 5 stars as James is top in regard to creating a layering effect that is so popular among Koreans. I also wanted the side bangs as I had them done in Seoul. He did it differently (in Seoul they twist your hair in various strands and then they would use chemicals similar to the ones you are getting when you are having a perm done) and it did not turn out as I wanted it to be as my hair is very slippery and does not really stick to the side but I can't blame James for it as I am sure it works well for others. Oh and the haircut was $30 which is a fair price.
5	James is a savior. I had no idea what I wanted for a haircut, but he knew. So, he cut my hair, we chatted, he told me how pretty I looked, and I was out the door in an hour. And I have a new favorite hairstylist. Love it!
5	I have been in Vegas for 30 years.  Have not been able to find a decent hair cutter/stylist/salon in all that time.  After trying to grow my part very curly, part just wavy hair long, I was ready to just shave my head.  In one last ditch attempt to try one more hair cut.  I somehow found yelp.  There were so many great reviews about James at Beauty 2 Beauty.  I called him and he managed to squeeze me in that same day.  That was great because my Hubby and I had a big anniversary date the next day.I took a few pics of hairstyles I liked in and showed them to James.  He went at it.  Not too much later I had the most amazing haircut I have ever had.  I loved my hair for the first time in I don't even remember.  My Hubby loved it too.  I need color badly but he did not have the time that day, so he styled my hair to disguise the grey until I could come back.  Two days later I was back in the chair for color.  James suggested a color which was lighter than I had been using.  I trusted him enough by then to say "ok".  Once again he was right.  It was beautiful, again.  Then he fine tuned the cut and suggested some highlights.  I was hesitant but said "ok" once again.I am one hot Mama now!  AND I have a new stylist to boot!  I am on a fixed income and I could afford him.  James was fun to talk to, he could cut a great style in his sleep, and he is affordable.  I am in beauty heaven.  Thanks for steering me to him fellow Yelpers!
4	I scheduled my appointment 2 days in advance for a cut with James. When I arrived, there were several korean women and a guy ambling about in towels, drinking tea/coffee and reading magazines. We had scheduled an appointment for 10:30 for both myself and my boyfriend, but it ended up just being me. They were backed up so I waited a half hour until my cut could begin . In that time I had my hair washed and was given a deep conditioning treatment. The massage was pleasant and the treatment left my hair much softer. I got to sit with my hair in a steambag for a few minutes while the conditioner sank in, which was nice.Once I was in the chair, James asked what I was looking for and then brought over a binder to show me the kind of look he thought would work best. I had wanted to do short bangs, but he insisted that longer side bangs would look best. His cutting technique involved a lot of rapid vertical strikes, feathering, and even flipping my head upside down [a first for me]. I had a lot of split ends, so after the cut my hair felt a lot lighter and sleeker. The layers and shape look a lot more stylish [it was all pretty much one length before]. The bangs are a little longer than I had expected, but they look good. He also recommended that I try wearing my hair wavy, which I look forward to trying. Also, he was very clear that if I decide I want the bangs shorter to just give him a call and he'd take care of it.I was there for about an hour and a half, with an hour of that spent on the hair cut. I'm pretty happy with it. The layers are great and my hair feels SO much healthier! I'm curious to play around with it over the next few days. It cost me $35 altogether and I'll definitely be back. The location is in good proximity to a lot of other businesses I like to frequent, so for me it's convenient.
5	It is all true. James is wonderful.After reading the other reviews, I had my hair cut by James during a quick vacation in Vegas. I went in not really knowing what I wanted, except that I wanted a change. James was hesitant at first to tell me what to do, but when I made it clear that I wanted his opinion, he listened to what I had to say, looked carefully at my hair, and helped me decide what would be best for me. He was extremely careful, checking several times to make sure that everything was even. And he is friendly and personable, which made me much less nervous about trying a new stylist in a new town. The next time I'm in Vegas, I suspect I'll be back at Beauty to Beauty.Let me add that I am not Asian, but I have very thick, straight hair. I suspected that a stylist used to working with a largely Asian clientele might know how to deal with my hair type, and I think I was right. James confirmed that my hair thickness is common for Asian people, though rare for Caucasians. I realize that every head of hair is different, but seeking out a stylist with lots of experience with Asian hair might make sense if you have this hair type and have had trouble finding a stylist who knows how to manage it.
5	I went to the Salon based on the reviews on here. I was nervous to go into a primarily asian salon as I am as white as can be. But was suprised to see a white mom and her two kids getting their hair cut as we came in.They are pretty disorganized and don't have a receptionist, but I just said I was there for James and sat down with my boyfriend and waited. He was running late, which was fine so I looked at hair magazines.I was very impressed that he cut my boyfriends hair with thinning shears, razor and shears instead of cheaping out and using a trimmer.  He explained WHY he was cutting my boyfriends hair in a certain way and explained to him how to style it.I went in with an idea of what I wanted but James had his own idea of what he thought would be best for me. My hair is in transition and is in a odd phase, so he had some issues to work with!  But it worked!  He loves to thin out hair and loves his razor - but I hadn't had my hair thinned out in forever,so it was very very heavy and needed it.He also gave me the BEST blow out ever - and used a technique I've never seen, but it gave me amazing volume with no product. I will be back and am considering going to him for regular blow outs as I loved it so much!He asked where I heard of him and I said Yelp!  he apparently has been very busy because of Yelpers!
5	To scratch my itching desire for something different, I go through a multitude of hair styles in any given year : from retro pinup to blunt cut fringe; from beachy California waves to stick straight and shiny, I've tried it all. Recently I wanted to go from my rounded Betty bangs to a more shaggy, rocker, Sally Herschberger sort of look. My stylist at the time excelled at victory rolls, but didn't have an eye for layers and so I took to Yelp in search of a stylist. I found James. He gave me everything I could have wanted in a cut and then some. The salon is in a strip mall off Spring Mountain but the interior more modern than the facade indicates. English is a second language for James, so there is the possibility of miscommunication, but James' skill makes up for any slight inconveniences. He didn't even need to look at my hair, he looked at my face and decided what style would look best with my face shape. He also brought over a binder with photos of various cuts and showed me what he wanted to do and how he would modify the cut shown in the photo to personalize it for me. Once he began cutting, I knew immediately that I had a winner. I couldn't keep the smile off my face. He used a razor and two different types of shears, as well as utilizing a multitude of different techniques. James said before he began cutting, "Perfect is boring, I want to make you look sexy," and boy did her ever. My fine, brown boring hair was transformed to a bouncy, effortless shag and all for only 35 dollars. I give him five meticulously coiffed stars.
5	Had this review on his previous location... now he's located right next to Joyful House Restaurant. I am born and raised in Las Vegas... so I've been through many unfortunate incidents with hair stylists that can't quite cut hair or color for that matter. But here I am to save you from heartache and pain from a baaaaad haircut... James is the only hair stylist that I trust in Vegas... why?!?!Well.... first off he looks at my pics I bring whenever I want to change my look and actually looks it over with me and we "talk" about it. Then he tells me what he feels looks best for my face frame. I always showed him a few pics on bangs. No sharp edges, but accentuates the eyes and cheekbones pls... and most of all I want Sexy!And in a quickness, he starts cutting my hair and keeping the length... I like my hair long and he maintained it by cleaning it up and giving it more body since my hair is quite thick, heavy, and naturally slight wavy. *Please can't stress this enough... if you want to keep the length long, really extremely stress that and show that to him.. or he'll start getting lost in creativity and trim more than you wanted. James is originally from Los Angeles and his craft in artistic cutting is one you don't want to pass up. I would literally drive from Orange County to Vegas when I used to live in CA just to get a haircut from him... even if it's just a trim. He is the only one I have found and loved in cutting my hair where I feel "PRETTY".... Happy.... and Satisfied with my end result. You know how sometimes with a new Hair Stylist you get the jitters and get reaaaal nervous in how it will turn out?!?! Well with James...I have no worries... I just sit and relax... let him do his magic... and instead of worrying how it will turn out.... I get excited and just can't wait to see how it looks.My hair feel ALL BRAND NEW... with lots and lots of super sexy locks.Thank you James Oppah! (Oppah means big brother since I've been going to him for many many years.... that's not his last name~)You need to make an appt. because he is always booked. I suggest calling a week in advance... just to make sure. James and his wife opened up this salon and work together as a team. His wife is also a very popular hair stylist.... my aunt and cousin go to her and nobody else. Their prices are very reasonable and better than going to any hotel and getting charged 10x more than you really shouldn't be paying for. This is like a Beverly Hills haircut, but without making you broke! How I know?!?! I went to a famous hairstylist of the stars in Beverly Hills and my cut was not worth what they charged and James could do sooo much better... I learned my lesson. Yes I really did drive back to Vegas to get my haircut by James. It's funny how people try new hairstylists because of relocating somewhere else or just to see what they are all about.... but in the end you always go back to your original Hair Stylist.Very friendly staff... always welcomes you when you enter the salon...they asked if I wanted some coffee or water... which is so nice =) Very accomodating in scheduling an appt. Those bangs I tell ya... not only make me look sexy but I feel sexy too! Beyond perfect in what I asked for and wanted. True talent right there.... I show him the pics and he makes it happen... I tell him what I am looking to achieve and he succeeded in every way possible. You won't be disappointed going here. I leave so very happy every single time =) Just make sure you make an appt. so all his time is on you! Happy hair day to all! Mention you saw this review on yelp so he knows what all the yelping is all about =)
4	James reputation has been heard about from several very happy sources and have faithful Yelpers coming to him who I feel have great hair. I had to see for myself what can he do for me. Originally my quest for this cut was to donate my hair for alopecia. I was getting restless with having boring, lifeless long hair and wanted a short fun do. Unfortunately, I was looking at my hair more closely with a ruler and without the damaged ends, it was a smidge too short. I don't look good with drastically short pixie hair which was the only way I'd be able to give enough hair. I love to help the community, but I don't want to be made fun of now and be that "awkward looking girl".  Either way, James was pretty adamant about not cutting my hair short or medium length anyways because he felt it does not suit my frame or face. Ballsy to insist even when I'm saying" I want to go short", but I like to hear his opinion on what he thinks is the absolute best look. It's good to know. Most stylist I meet don't really give opinions, much less care if you pick a subpar style- cut to just make the sale...Look at all the stupid looking teens with ratted, blunt cuts as proof of this point. This separates people who cut hair and those that are sculptors of hair like James. When you are an artist, you don't let the integrity of the final product suffer, even if you have to shoot down a clients idea. Sounds rude, but believe me pulling that "but the customer is always right" hissy fit doesn't really work here. He's done this for years and has a good eye. What looks good in a picture on some other person might not be quite as good on me....l admired a cut that was on Victoria Beckham before my appointment...Uhhh, yeah I don't look like her so it wouldn't work. Listen to James! He has an eye for beauty. He was very sweet and we talked about LA (were both transplants) and Korean food and it was cute how he thought it was crazy that someone like me loves very indigenous foods like soondae (Korean blood sausages). Makes it very comfortable to sit in the chair chatting while a bit of magic is being done. Looking at my hair, I can see why ladies love his cuts. They're simple, but very complimentary to the faces frame. I'm glad I just let him have a go at my hair instead of tell him what to do. I love the way he layered the front of the hair and feel it's very understated sexy. He really hit all the right points. Yeah, I don't have my locks to donate, but that can come a little later since I grow like a Chia Pet and will meet the requirement by Christmas. At the very least my restlessness with tired hair and a heavy head is at ease with some shape added with a trim. Like everyone else, I'm floored at the price of the cut for the quality. Ive tried stylist in multiple cities from cheap to mortgage your house prices.  End result is just as good, but I'm definitely a lot happier that it didn't cost me as much as a new laptop to achieve. I will be definitely coming back to B2B for a good long-ish length cut....if I want to do my short cut, I know to go elsewhere.
5	I had an excellent experience here. I received an excellent hair cut and facial. I would highly recommend this facility. I went there to get a hair cut and found out that they also do facials here. If anyone is looking to get an excellent facial and have their skin glowing and rejuvinated this is the place to go.
5	I couldn't schedule with my fav stylist at Suite One (http://www.yelp.com/biz/suite-one-salon-las-vegas#hrid:AoljAAidNSl2a1KTP1vt8A), so I decided to try James because I've heard about his amazing skills.  I honestly had the most fun, most funniest and most efficient hair cut ever. I was smiling from start to finish. I walk in and see two pop star-ish, trendy looking guys just chillin'. One in a salon chair and one in the middle with their fashionable reception chairs. Turns out that my stylist James as recommended by Misti Y was the guy in the middle.  Awesome. The shampoo:Got right to work. James' assistant took me straight to shampoo and was quick and efficient. No head massages here. The cut:After chatting with me on what I wanted (layers, volume, bangs), he got right to work. His magic shears and blades were snipping, flyingan cutting, and during the whole cut, I couldn't help but think about the movie Zohan and how he was going to give me silky smooth hair!The blow out:This was the part where I really wanted to burst out laughing. He started with one hair dryer. Before I knew it, another person had grabbed another hair dryer. There were two hair dryers on me. Not only were there two hair dryers on me, but they also had me flip my head upside down and hair dry my hair!  *chant smooth silky hair smooth silky hair Conclusion:  I love my hair!!!  I love the volume he created with my usually limp and thin hair  The bangs are perfect.  To top it all off, I'm just going to quote James, "I like sexy hair not pretty hair." *chant silky smooth hair!  Silky smooth hair!
5	Great haircut! James is very fast and skilled with layering and sweeping side bangs! James and his wife and staff are very friendly and make you feel right at home during your appointment. And yes, two people blow dried my hair also! It gets hot but it gets your hair dry and voluminous in minutes!What a deal. Great quality and great price!
5	You can't beat $35 for a hair cut that includes shampooing + blow drying/styling at the end. Most places charge extra for that. I got my haircut from James, and I'm extremely happy with the results :) He actually gave me great hair advice that didn't involve me having to buy expensive products from him which I loved. My friend got her haircut the same day from another young lady that worked there and she was really happy with her haircut too. So the entire staff seems very talented and were very nice.
5	I'll be honest.. Getting a haircut scares me. I'm always worried about how it'll turn out and cost is another factor. So I usually avoid getting a haircut for months at a time.Everyone here was talking about how amazing James is and how happy they were in the end that I had to go. NEEDED to go. I called hoping that I could get an appointment later in the week and he actually had an opening the following day in the morning.It was a decent place but they were doing construction right next door that the sound was annoying at times. I got there early just in case and James had actually remembered my name. He was still working with someone, but when my time came, he got his assistant to wash my hair while he finished up.James asked what I wanted and gave input on what would work on my hair type the best. Every step of the way he assured me that it was going to turn out "sexy" and I was going to love it. (Maybe I gave off a vibe that I was nervous but I was more excited.) I agree with everyone when they say that he's amazing with scissors and razors. He worked quickly but never made a mistake. I loved how he always double checked before making a cut to make sure that it looked right on me. He also gave me little bits of advice along the way on how I could reciprocate it back home.All in all, I HIGHLY recommend this place. James is amazing (I cannot stress that enough) and talented. He knows his stuff. And the price is right.BTW, is it supposed to be every 6 weeks that you should get a trim? After 8 years in Vegas, I've finally found someone that I trust with my hair!
5	I read all the great reviews on Yelp about James and was also recommended by my brother about this salon.  I really like my haircut - James knew exactly how I wanted it.  Everyone is super friendly! I will definitely come back to see James. (BTW he is by appointment only, so call first.  But my brother gets his haircuts by the other stylists and likes it too!  Walk-ins are welcome.)
5	Every time I go to James, I try a completely different look. It's because I trust his opinion THAT much. I went in to get a drastic new haircut and had printed out a few hairstyles off of http://TheHairStyler.com and brought them in to see if James could re-create one on me.  We chose the best one for my face (10 inches shorter!), and 20 relaxing minutes later, my hair was gorgeous!  I love him.His staff is also very nice and professional.  His wife is a sweetheart - she does hair there, too.  The salon is kind of overshadowed by Joyful House, but once you're inside, the place is so mod and trendy.  Very stylish owners, evidently.  James did a REALLY beautiful job with my hair.  He's my favorite hair stylist in Vegas.  I won't go anywhere else.  PLUS:  you can't beat the price!
5	There's a lot of fuss going on about James, people tend to overlook another stylist here. Ive experienced James' work so I can honestly compare the two. Perry is my kind of stylist. He knws how the snip a fringe! After repeated disappointments in finding someone who "gets" me, the shoe finally fits!  Perry takes a lot of pride in his work and is overall a very pleasant person to converse with.
4	I've had James cut my hair for the past 8 or so years...following him from Promode to Isis to this location.  Overall, I love the way James cuts my hair.  He is honest with you when it comes to what will look good or bad on you and try to work with you.I used to go to American salons and my hair wasn't exactly what I wanted. I have really thick coarse asian hair and it was hard to manage. It wasn't until someone recommended James to me that I realized my hair can be cut better.  The first time I had my hair cut, he asked me to bend my head over and started to thin out my hair.  I have to admit, this freaked me out because he was cutting so quickly and "randomly" and I've never seen this method before....but after it was all done, my hair looked great!I want to give James 5 stars, but the reason why it's 4 or 4.5 stars is because he's more popular and busy now....which affects the service.  My appointments are not always on time now.  My last appointment was 30 minutes late, but it's a small sacrifice I am willing to make.  This isn't a complaint, but just a note to show that they are a lot busier now:  James used to wash my hair and style it himself.  Now he has an assistant wash my hair and help him style my hair.Anyhow, I highly recommend James to anyone (although this will add to my wait time).  All my siblings go to him as well as some friends.  I go to school in another state, and I still come back for my hair cuts.  I've been charged $35 for the past year for a cut, but I'm not sure if the price is different for each stylist since I only go to James.  It's definitely worth it because you get a shampoo & condition, hair cut, and styling.  He always styles my hair even when I tell him that I don't need it.  He blow dries it, straightens it, and it always looks so much better than what I can duplicate at home.  Just don't tie your hair up or push the sides behind your ears until you leave the door...hehe...he always tells me I am ruining the style, and to wait to leave and then I can do whatever I want.I know he provides other services, but other than a haircut, I've only tried the straight perm so I don't know how the other services are.  I always liked my straight perms, but stopped getting them because I grew out of liking stick straight hair all the time.
5	I'm a new resident of Nevada, so when I needed a place to get a hair cut I turned to my fellow yelpers. Thank God I did!This place was amazing! The facilities were clean and the staff was professional but very friendly. I had called in advance for an appointment with James, and was able to get an appointment for that same day! He seriously is a genius! I was very happy with the turnout. They didn't waste any time getting me into a sink to wash and condition my hair. James was friendly and knew exactly what I wanted, but was also able to add his own twist. I received an A-line cut. They are very easy to take to, and for a wash, cut and style it only cost me $30! I walked out of the salon feeling great! I definitely recommend this place, and plan to return.
5	This place is great! I'm scared getting my haircut in new places, but I just moved here from Cali and needed a haircut bad! I called at 1 and they were ready for me at 1:30! Perry was super nice and spent a whole hour and 15 minutes on me! My hair is pretty long, all the way to my belly button. He shampooed, layered my hair, cut my bangs, blow-dried, and styled it! He took time to curl my hair too so my layers would show.. AND it only cost $30!!!! WOW! He's young and pretty cool too! I recommend this place to people! Perry took time on my hair and it's an art to him! I would definitely go again!
5	Dear Yelp, You have become that BFF I go to now for advice on anything... food recommendations, activities, and now, my hair. Once again, you did not disappoint!I have lived in Las Vegas for 5 years now and have finally found my hair guru. James from Beauty to Beauty is sheer genius (haha, get it?) when it comes to creating face framing layers without that choppy look. I gave him free reign to work his magic and he was a little taken aback since I was a first time client. I could tell he was excited and he immediately showed me pictures of what he envisioned to achieve "sexy hair." He kept complimenting me on my thick healthy hair and everyone could use a little ego boost, right?James worked quickly but was also meticulous about getting every layer perfected to his liking. I was in and out in about an hour which is unheard of when it comes to my hair. I paid $35 for shampoo, cut and style when I've paid over double at other salons and wasn't nearly as satisfied as I am now. Thank you so much, Yelp! I am forever in your debt.
3	Okay. Hate to be the one to burst the James bubble but I was dissapointed!!! Saw him last night.... He had an assistan wash my hair and everytime I told him what I wanted he would say, "don't think too much about it" what is that supposed to mean. I showed him a picture of my friend ad he said "don't think too much about it" I think he was trying to say Ur hair can't look like that... But it's so stupid caz I have long healthy hair thy retinas curls. It can do anything! I wanted to smack james... He basically just went with what my hair normally does.side part, side bangs. He didn't do Anyhibg new or adventurous. And then he used a straightner at the end. I feel the sign of true artistry is when they don't need a straightner. Sourly disappointed yelp!!!! :( let me down
5	James in wonderful!!!I wish I could pack him up and take him with me every city that I go to :D30 for an actual good cut without all that annoying frill that most salons try to impress you with instead of a good haircut.Go here and be impressed.
4	I went to get my hair dye on a whim.  I am asian and I went to get it blonde.  It's not as blonde as I liked but James did warn me about this.  I'm sure it can get blonder though!  I probably should go to a place that specialize in unique hairstyles though if I wanted to do this...because like another comment he does say "Don't think too much about it".  So I had to bleach my hair and then choose a dye for it.  My hair is past my shoulders a little bit probably about an inche or two so I guess that might be long hair.  Bleaching and dying it cost $140.  Not bad because I have thick and a lot of hair they had to use a lot of dye on me.  They were kind though, they asked me if I wanted coffee and a lot of people worked on my hair.  It's not as light as I want it to be but this IS the first time I bleached my hair and went light with it...and the first time I even tried highlights it didin't turn out well (it wasn't here that I tried to highlight it but another place) so my hair is just a mess to work with.  I gave him a 4 star because I wish it turned out lighter but he did try to warn me that it might end up being lead color.  Haircut was included and it looks nice better than my hair was the other way and I left the decision to cut my hair however he wanted as long as it was long and he cut it with layers in front.  I like it nothing that wow me as my last hair stylist but it looks nice.
5	I went to Beauty to Beauty based on the suggestions of yelpers.  I didn't ask for anyone in particular because I wanted to see if the other stylists are epic besides James.  I had Perry, who is a very nice guy and seemed outgoing.  EXPERIENCE - I have had really crappy salon experiences (refer to my review on Shag Me Salon), so I was hoping the yelpers would have my back this time and not send me to a gimmicky salon (Again Shag me Salon).  Surely enough this place is great.  It looks very nice and has a comfortable waiting area.  The stylists were very quick to help me.  I probably waited less than 5 minutes to get my hair washed, which is unusual in my opinion.  As Perry washed my hair he asked me what I wanted and got right to cutting my hair.  I have a lot of curly hair...that is more of an understatement...as nappy as not African hair can get probably.  He loved my hair and expressed that, which made me feel good.  Most stylists seem to hate my hair and have trouble controlling it and I end up feeling like a burden to them, but Perry was in control and quick.  Again, that is unusual for me.  He gave me medium layers (I told him to do whatevs) and a side bang, which looks awesome. I've never had a side bang because my hair is so ridiculous.  He gave me good tips to take care of my hair and work with my new hairstyle.  I'm loving it.PRICE - $30! SERIOUSLY? For a great hair cut!?! Yes.  It's true.  No Supercuts level hair job.  This place is to legit to quit.  I was so impressed I tipped $8 (I'm super stingy btw).  I will certainly keep coming to this place.
5	I had a great cut and style by Leah at Beauty to Beauty today. Not just great, but fantastic.It figures that when I find the best haircut of my life, I am 1300 miles from home. Leah did a fantastic cut on this 45 year old housewife from Dallas. I went in feeling so bad, and came out feeling so good. A great cut makes a difference!I found the salon in a Yelp search near our hotel, called at 10:30 and had an appointment for 1:00. Upon arrival, I discovered that it is a primarily Korean salon. No big deal, just an observation. Like another Yelper stated, it was a little bit different but I am SO GLAD I found B2B and Leah.Leah gave me a great cut, she used a blade and the thinning shears. The attention to detail was superb. My husband immediately noticed that I had my hair done, and he even thought I had a color, although I did not. I attribute that to the great cut and the products.The bill? $30 plus tip for shoulder length hair. I also bought some of the oil treatment in the red bottle, M-Cerade? It is labeled in Korean but good stuff, and $15 for a big bottle. Like someone else said, no frills and gimmicks, just a good experience.I hope that the next time I am in Las Vegas I am able to get another great cut.
5	Yes. Yes. And Yes. I called in the morning to set up an appointment. I didn't ask for anyone in particular, just someone who had time to dye my hair. I ended up with an appointment that day with James. I showed him a few pictures, we talked about it for a good ten minutes, chose a color, and started. He gave me exactly what I wanted. I'm really happy with my hair and the service that went along with it. I recommend this place! Definitely going to go back.
5	like so many others I made a pilgrimage from the resort out to Chinatown for an appointment with James. I'm very happy to have found this salon reviewed here. The reviews were all so good I was a bit worried it was some kind of scam. But it wasn't. James quickly came up with a style that was right for my type of hair, the shape of my face, my age, etc. It is worth taking a risk to give him a free hand to do what he wants. What a nice person. He seems like someone who is trying to bring some good into the world, and I greatly appreciated his care and gentle humor.
5	Yelp and fellow yelpers- thank you for providing such a great service to mankind. My positive experience at this joint truly worked out due to the honest reviews at Yelp. This is a big compliment as well to my stylist, Perry, and his low-key, super gentle and laid-back demeanor.I've had almost waist-length hair for the past 10 years but made a spur of the moment decision to chop it all off to support a very old friend who is in the last stages of pancreatic cancer (a bunch of my friends cut their hair off too, we're going to surprise him this week). Literally I got the call at 2pm last Saturday, stopped at a Starbucks, yelped a hair place (Beauty to Beauty came up), called and got an appointment with "Perry", and was in the salon chair by 2:30. I walked in and he saw me pretty promptly, and made this experience possibly the easiest and most satisfying hair experience I've ever had. I told him I needed it ALL chopped off. He gave me a women's "short styles" magazine to look through and flipped it page by page for me till the end and I didn't like any of them. Suddenly, he looked up and said WAIT... then returned with a MEN's short hair magazine. Haha! and sure enough there was a style I liked. I wanted something edgier and essentially super short while still framing my face in a nice way because I have a pretty round and "baby-ish" face. I feel like he definitely gave me a style with some edge and sophistication, now that I've had time to absorb my new look. 12 " off, man! He even gave me tips on how to dry and style my new do, as well as a place where I could get the Japanese styling wax he used for half the price (168 market, for anyone who cares to know! haha). I can't recommend Perry, and this place enough, for my good experience. It made what could have been a sad and potentially regrettable situation into one I can look back and smile on. Out of pocket cost? $40. I tipped him $10.
5	Like the fellow reviewer said below, I called the day of to schedule an appointment and didn't ask for any stylist in specific since I've never been there before. Even though most of the reviews recommended James or Perry, I figured they would be booked up already due to their popularity. And I was just looking to get some layers and trim for my long hair. My stylist was Leah. A young and cute girl. I was kind of skeptical because she looked very young. But her attention to detail and she's very good at what she does. No fuss. No small talk. Just the way I like it.  I was happy with my hair cut, took overall about little over an hour. And the price is only $30.  I would definitely go back to Beauty To Beauty next time I need my hair done!
5	I was in need of a cut and color during my short stay in Vegas; I was desperate so I decided to give this place a shot. My stylist was Leah. I picked out my color and it was amazing how it turned out on me. She did a spectacular job with my haircut. I still get complements to this day even though it's been about a month. Leah is quick and careful. She listens to her clients and does her best to match what they want without attitude or complaints. I will definitely go back whenever I get the chance. My total came out to be $75 (assuming $30 for cut and $45 color), it does seem a bit pricey but not as pricey as the American Hair salons who would charge depending on the "skill" level of their stylists.
5	Love this place! I don't trust many people with my hair, but I was desperate to get my hair done and took a chance on this based on the yelp reviews. I even took my boyfriend, so the pressure was on to not only get my hair right, but his as well.First of all, I called at about noon on a Friday, and Sunny was able to get us in that day, what an angel! We both got exactly what we wanted, even better than expected. I got a beautiful raspberry with blonde highlights, which is a pain in the butt to rinse because the colors can bleed. I wasn't treated like a pain in the butt, and I appreciate that so much.  My boyfriend got what he said was the best cut he's ever gotten.  Everyone was so nice. And to make it even better, the price was amazing- the same price I would have paid back home.  I will definitely be back!
5	I hadn't gotten my hair done in awhile. My hair color had faded out almost completely, and I had two inch roots. Plus, ever since I got to Vegas my hair has turned from frizzy into a pile straw. I looked in the mirror a few days ago and realized that I was starting look more Cousin Itish by the day. :PCalled for an appointment thursday, and managed to get an appointment for Saturday evening. Yay!When I got there James and I discussed the color I wanted for my hair and he told me that he wanted to layer it and thin it just a bit, but keep most of the length. Fine by me!He and an assistant did the color, then it was washed and I was wisked off to get the cut. He was incredibly fast, snipping away at my hair like it was the easiest thing in the world. When it came time to dry and straighten, his assistant came back over with her own dryer and hair iron. Normally it takes FOREVER for my thick hair to be dried and ironed, but they got it done in minutes. I went in the door embarrassed about my awful looking hair, and left feeling sexy again. Will definitely return the next time I need my hair done.
4	Went there around noon on Sat, the salon was pretty busy. Got my hair shampooed after waiting 5-10 minutes. I liked how Leah did my haircut, she spent a lot of time to get all the details done. Not only she blew dry my hair, she also took time to straighten my short hair. Overall, Leah did a great job besides phone and other customers distractions.  I think I've found my haircut "Go To" place in Vegas. :)
3	Maybe I will have to give this place another try, bcuz I would prefer to give them 2 stars but Ill be nice... After researching this place on yelp, I read wonderful things about their service, in particular, James. But to my disappointment I was not satisfied with my DEW... JAMES didn't listen to me and did a terrible touch up on my highlights. First, I specifically told him all I wanted was a trim and a touch up.. he didn't listen to me when I told him that I dyed my hair a darker color three months ago, and in the end I had two different blond colors - Something my previous hairstylist never had a problem with cause he knew you have to use a different chemical mix with previously dyed hair... And then, James cut my hair into a new hair style- he kept saying how "sexier" it would look but all I wanted was a TRIM! which I thought was totally inconsiderate of the clients wishes. Even though the hair cut wasn't so bad- the highlight job was not only amateur but shitty as well. Other than that, the place was clean and well kept and I enjoyed the set up.
5	When it comes to the finishing result, I am 100% satisfied with my new cut and the service I received from the stylist, Keturah.   I found out about this place through Yelp, and after weighing out the previous reviews between the good and bad, I decided to give it a gamble.   I was a walk-in, but was accepted warmly.   All the stylist were occupied with clients so I only waited about 10 mins tops till I was pulled for shampooing.   I came prepared with a few photos on my phone as to what I wanted for my hair and discussed it with Keturah.   I originally had short shoulder length hair when I came in and was anticipating a bob-like cut.   She spent a good 2 hrs total on the hair,  a lot of time to detailing with the natural fall.   In the past most hair dressers would rush it, but her technique suited the needs of my Asian hair.  About an hour into it, the place started to pick up but she stayed focus.   She had to leave me a few times to answer the phone or wash another clients hair.  I am assuming she was the salons makane/starter....but her work is professional.  4 years ago I would fly back home to Cali just for hair cuts from my previous dresser....that's how particular I can be.   My advice for those who want to try this place out and those previous comments with bad experiences who want to give it another go; is to go prepared with a few photos of what you want.  Even though their profession is hair, they can't read your mind.   Also, do to my previous cut, she was able to show me parts of my hair to trim and not cut the next time around.   I will be returning to her for sure!  $30 for quality cuts that I usually pay $80-$90 for, I was beyond impressed!
5	i hadnt had a cut in a while so i stopped by a place for a cut because i didint want to drive far (huge mistake i will never be lazy about my hair again),, it was such a simple style a beauty school drop out could have done it.. but he ruined my hair. i have never had such an awful cut in all my life.. frantic i went to B2B i had seen james off and on for years and he always does an excellent job but today he was booked. he offered another stylist there named K and thank god! not only did she ressurect the mess she gave an attentive, detailed, and perfect cut.. i feel like a woman! I will be booking an appointment with K soon and you should too!
3	This review is for the fellas.  Am relatively new in town and looking for someone who knows how to cut Asian hair.  My stylist Leah did a great job and I got the customary shampoo and gel treatment post cut so I would be ready to hit the town afterwards, although $25 for a dude is a bit on the steep side so I'll be looking in the vicinity for something in the teens since I tend to get my haircut every 3-4weeks.  I guess based on the name of the place and the lack of male reviews, I shouldn't be surprised, but I figured I should at least let my brethren know.
5	Love this place, been in US for 11 years and i finally found a hair salon that can really cut my hair really nice!  Leah is really great at it and she really take her time and not rushing it, price is inexpensive....
4	I'm from the East Coast and getting a GREAT haircut really hasn't been a a problem. But once I moved to Las Vegas it was like pulling teeth! Before I came to James I been to 3 other salons and oh boy did they mess up my hair!!! I like James but he gets a little crazy with his razor L0L. BUT it does look good and at least when I walk out my hair is cut even and not crooked and horribly blunt. I have fine, thin hair and he doesn't cut it choppy like the other places I've been to. I visit back home every year so every time I'm there I get a cut but if I really need to get one I go to James. I'm afraid to go anywhere else so I'm sticking to him.
5	I always get compliments after a salon visit here.  I have gotten hair coloring and haircuts.  Love the way the owner curls my hair after a blowout.  They accommodate my hectic schedule which I appreciate.  The price is also soooo affordable compared to salons that I frequented before.  Best yet, you can get great eats for cheap just nearby.
5	Just moved back to Vegas a few months ago and I didn't have time to go back to Cali to my wonderful stylist there so I was in search of one locally. Like most ladies, I'm very particular about my hair so when I read how many raved about James, I thought I'd give him a try.I'll admit, I was very nervous walking in, but James put me at ease right away. After the shampoo, he sat me in the chair and he asked me what kind of cut I would like. Then he would give his input on what he thought would look good for my face shape. Luckily, what he wanted to do for me what pretty close to what I wanted so I let him go at it!He IS very quick with the scissors and razor, but always very precise. He double checks every layer to make sure they're even. He even had me flip my head upside down to make a few cuts. This was a first for me!  Once the cut was finished, he blow dried my hair and then went at it with the razor again to make sure the layers all laid beautifully. Another plus, he showed me how to blow dry my hair, how to use the products correctly with my type of hair in order to achieve the same style and look and volume he achieved.He's amazing! Probably just as good as my stylist back home in Cali.
3	A guy name James cut my hair and he did a pretty good job.  I just showed him a picture of how I wanted my hair to look and it came out pretty similar to the actual picture.  The workers are friendly and even though they were busy during the weekend, I was able to get a haircut in 30mins.  Expect the whole experience to take around 30mins-1hour.  One reason why i gave this place a 3/5 stars is because this place is pricy.  I never paid $25 for a mens haircut.  They charged me $25 and plus tip came out to around $29.  Tip is not required, but it is an unspoken law to tip for the service you get in the U.S... not in KOREA though lol.  If they lowered the price I would definitely go back to this place.
4	My sis recommended this place to me. I wasn't sure at first but I made an appointment (I think her name was Kay) and my hair turned out great!!!! And James is very busy and each appt. looked like it lasted 30 min. Kay spent a little an hour with me. She kept checking the layers even after she blow dry my hair. Definitely going back for my next haircut!!!!!!!
5	I made an appointment for my mother to get her hair shampooed and blow dried. I requested for James and he was a perfect gentleman. He was very kind and helpful giving tips to maintain the hairstyle for my friend's upcoming wedding event the next day. We love his honesty and the quality of service. As a bonus, the price was very reasonable as well. We would definitely recommend Beauty To Beauty to others who want quality service. We would definitely return to this salon for our hairstyling needs the next time we're in Vegas. Thanks James!
5	I've previously used Beauty To Beauty.  My daughter (now 8 years old) and I had our hair cut by Leah sometime last year.  She did an very good job.  It was by appointment , she worked fast with complete attention to detail.  We were both very happy with the results. Yesterday was our second visit to Beauty to Beauty (I do a pretty bad job of getting haircuts regularly).  This time I decided to skip the appointment and do a walk-in.  It was no problem at all, my daughter was getting her hair washed within 5 minutes of arriving.  Our stylist was Kathy, she was EXCELLENT.  She was great with my daughter, very attentive.  She listened to our hair concerns and went to work.  Kathy delivered haircuts that addressed all our concerns and then some.  I am ecstatic with her work and highly recommend her.  Very easy going and delivers what you want, not afraid to give an honest opinion.  I am paranoid when it comes to getting my hair cut, but I would definately go back to Kathy and give her free reign, it's a shame I am moving in a couple weeks, I hope I am lucky enough to find a good stylist after the move.For both visits we had shampoos, cuts, blow-outs, and some straightening, which all came to $60.  Very reasonably priced in my opinion.  I've been to other salons who charge well over $100 for just me alone.Not sure about some of the bad reviews.  I am pretty picky when it comes to great value and friendly service.  If your looking for a great price, a wonderful haircut, a fast and friendly service, this is the place to go!  Not to mention it's in Chinatown so we can grab some pho and boba tea after.
4	This place knows Asian hair....especially James.  I've been going to him since I moved to Vegas and I don't plan on changing hair stylists anytime soon.  Coming from other cities I'm used to paying $70+ for a women's wash/hair cut/style and here it is $30!!!  Can't really beat that price...I mean really it's cheaper than a mani/pedi.  James is a very friendly and meticulous hair stylist.  He takes attention to layers, even brings out the razor to shatter the ends of the hair, and takes time to show you what he envisions for your hair before he does the cut.  After he dries the hair....he then goes back to touch up the layers and make sure the cut is symmetrical.  He is quite opinionated when it comes to what he thinks will look good for certain face shapes/styles/hair thickness....but usually he is right.  I was morally opposed to the idea of bangs...but finally gave it a go....and received many compliments from friends afterwards =)The only downside of it being cheaper is the decor inside....and the cleanliness.  At the more expensive salons you are paying for the upkeep of the place...I'm a mild clean freak...and sometimes there is still hair from a previous cut laying around the chair at the time of your appointment.  And generally he runs about 10-15 minutes late....but I see that as a good sign...it means he is taking time with each cut instead of rushing through.  Overall, I would definitely recommend this place unless you have an obsessive compulsive disorder regarding cleanliness.
4	We drove in to Vegas from So Cal, and didn't have time to get our hair cut before we left for the weekend. I checked Yelp for places that could cut an Asian man's hair, because we've had problems before getting mine and my husband's hair cut by people who aren't familiar with Asian hair. Found this place and made a last minute appointment for my husband. I can't remember the stylist's name, but she was younger with long hair with a blue tint to it. She was really nice, and cut his hair really well, and very quickly. When I went to pay for his cut, I asked if anyone else had openings soon that I might be able to take (the place was packed from when we arrived 20 mins early for our first appointment, until we left). The same stylist said she could cut mine as well, so I got an excellent cut and styling, just the way I wanted it, for a great price.We don't live here so I can't compare to other places in the area, but it was equally as a good a cut as a salon I go to in Huntington Beach for half the price. And that's a clear win in my book. If I'm ever back in Vegas and need a cut, I'd definitely be back.
5	Despite going in and not knowing what I wanted, and being finicky to boot, my stylist was gracious and set to wok as soon as we decided what I wanted.  The price was great and I'm really looking forward to the next styling.
5	Listen to the great reviews about James- it's all true!  Great cut, great service, great price-
5	Being from out of town-I needed to find a place for a good cheap blow out.So of course I utilized yelp to help me find Beauty to Beauty.I went to Kay and she did an amazing job so much so I booked another appointment the next time I was in town. She really listened to what I wanted and also gave me tips while she was doing my hair.I would without a doubt refer her for a blow out and she's super sweet!
5	I went to James to get my hair cut this past weekend and he is amazing. Thanks fellow yelpers!
4	To edit my previous review, the stylist's name is Kathy. Just went back for another cut and style and I'm just as happy with it. Be back in another few months if vacation allows.
5	I have been looking for a good place to get my haircut since we moved here in Vegas a few months ago, and for the longest time I've been hesitant. I had a hairstylist that I went to all the time in DC and since we moved, I've been worried that my hair will not be styled as well as before. I have very thick hair and it's not easy to find a stylist that can understand what to do with this tremendous amount of hair that I have. I knew I was due for a haircut a long time ago, but because of my worries, I resorted to tying it back all the time. It was horrendous! So this morning, I called and asked if I can get an appointment. The lady who answered the phone asked me if I have a particular stylist that I want, and since almost every review here talked about James, I thought, "Why not him?". Unfortunately, he was fully booked for today and I wanted to go today so I just said anyone will do. She said my stylist will be Keturah. I read one review here about her and it was 5 stars so I was very hopeful that everything will turn out okay at least.When I arrived, Keturah was just about finished cutting a guy's hair. When she came to me, she asked me about my preferences, and I really told her what I wanted and told her about my hair. She was very patient and friendly all throughout the process. I felt very comfortable with her work. She's very nice and friendly too. She asked if I wanted coffee or something to drink, and she asked if I wanted magazines to read. :)My hair is really difficult and occasionally, she would joke, "You have so much hair!" and I know that it's not easy to deal with it but she was very detailed and she really did a fantastic job! I really love how my hair turned out and I really will be back. I'm am really fine with not being able to book James. I've found Keturah and I'll be back for her. :)
5	Keturah did my Umbre highlights and layer cuts a while back. And I am still loving it. I get compliments on it all the time, even when I pass by a mirror I still admire how well it came out. Thank you for the great job.
2	Yelp, I'm a bit disappointed in you. I got my hair cut here a while back but never thought to leave a review until now since it's around that time again to tidy up my luxurious, raven locks. Anyhow, James cut my bangs way to short and chopped off way more hair than I would have liked. He's a bit scissor-happy, no? For the reviews I read, I was expecting better. Darn.Everyone there was nice including the wash assistant and what not, but the experience was nothing spectacular. The price is excellent though, so for those of you who do love the results here, then you are very lucky!! As for I, the search continues...
4	I will give this salon 4 stars for Kathy.   I had a bad haircut from a salon in CA.  Kathy corrected it.  Pleased with her work, honesty, and conversation.  She was the only one who greeted me and asked me what I needed when I walked in.  The other two male Asians who were working at the first station by the door did not even acknowedge me,  which I thought was rather rude.  Will definitely go back there again to have my hair done by Kathy.
5	This is for the men coming here. Came along with my mom and decided to get a haircut while I'm here. I do a faux hawk and Mohawk hair style, keturah was the stylist giving my mom highlights. While waiting for the highlights to settle in or something she was generous enough to cut my hair. She is by far the best stylist I've been to!!! And unlike most places I've been to, she took her time instead of trying to go as fast as she could and then get me out. This is the ONLY place I'll get my haircut in vegas now.
5	I got my haircut done by Kathy and I will definitely come back to this place.I walked in on a Wednesday morning and there was Kathy and one other person. Kathy greeted me as I walked in, directed me to a wash, and then began to cut my hair. When asked how I wanted it to get cut, I just said a smaller version of what I had right now - in essence, a trim :D. Got exactly what I wanted! Kathy was very easy to talk to, very down to earth! For a men's haircut, and my hair's a little bit on the longer side for guys/average for an asian, it cost me $25 dollars excluding tip. Definitely going back for Kathy! :D
4	I was extremely pleased with my cut by Kathy. I had been putting off getting my long asian hair cut since the gal I used to go to raised her price to $50 and didn't even include shampoo!  I called at 4:00 on a Sunday afternoon and got an appointment for 5:00. I waited about 5-10 minutes when I got there, which gave me time to look through some hairstyle books. I was greeted by Kathy as soon as I walked in the door, which made me feel comfortable right off the bat!  She was just as friendly as everyone said, really listened to me when I explained what I wanted and showed her the picture I found in one of the books. She took her time washing my hair, conditioning and even applying a dry end treatment! I told her I wanted 2 inches off the ends and she showed me first, where she was planning to cut to make sure it was agreeable to me before she proceeded any further. She tapered all my ends and trimmed my long bangs and cleaned up and blended my layers.  It's like she knew  what I liked even when I was unable to verbalize them! This chick knows her stuff!  The salon was very clean, chic even, and they played good music.  Kathy took her time blow drying my hair and styling it well.  Overall I was very satisfied with my experience at this salon, and even more so with Kathy.  The price was very reasonable too, considering I got my hair washed, cut, blow-dried and styled. I will definitely be going back.
5	James is a great hair stylist! This will be a new place to get my Haircuts done!
4	I visit Vegas pretty often, and needed a haircut while visiting. Found this place on yelp. Ask for Keturah she has pretty good suggeations and if not does what you ask. She did an awesome job  & was super friendly(:  Absolutely love the wax they use! Will be back!
5	I moved to Vegas 6 years ago and struggled to find a good hair stylist. I have tried everywhere.. Mandarin Oriental, Michael Boychuck (both Palms and Caesars) and even the Wynn... but none of those areas were able to give me a satisfying haircut.That was until I met Kay at beauty to beauty. She does an amazing job on my hair and I have finally ended my search!!
5	I have been going to this salon now for about a year, and i LOVE it. James is a freakin' genius when it comes to hair. I can't speak for all hair types, but i feel like he's definitely the "asian-hair whisperer". I'll never forget the first time i came in. He asked me what i wanted and included some of his suggestions, but ultimately listened to what i wanted. He began cutting and it was a little nerve wracking to watch him because he resembles Edward Scissorhands when he gets going. You would think that there is no possible way he would have any type of precision doing all these crazy hair-flinging maneuvers, but he DOES. He made me flip my hair over and just started cutting away. Which again, made me a little nervous, but whatever. At that point, i was so mesmerized by his cutting style, i didn't care what he did with my hair. After blow drying, he lightened my hair with layers (my hair was down to my butt and was maybe 3 inches shorter when he was done with it) and gave me the bangs i've been trying to get from NUMEROUS hair dressers. He really is mindful and excellent at his craft. He cares about his quality of work and is just really funny and friendly.The salon itself is pretty awesome. it's got a little mod look to it which makes it even cuter. Everybody there is so effing hip that i feel like i'm not cool enough to be in there, but everyone is so friendly and always offering coffee, water, and donuts....lol.I always go to james when i go, but really, everyone there looks so talented and friendly that i wouldn't mind having any of them do my hair. I'm SO happy i finally found a great hairdresser that gets my hair, listens, and is very talented :)
5	Fantastic! Bee helped me out and exceeded my expectations. I'll be a regular for sure.
5	Wow I just got my hair cut and colored by Bee and she did an amazing job. My color looks great and so does the cut, and it's so soft and ahh my hair just looks so great. I'm very happy with it. The salon was really nice and I 100% recommend going there! I'm definitely going back when it's time for another cut and color. Bee was just so nice and friendly as well.
5	I called same day for a hair appointment with no preference to which stylist cut my hair since it was my first time there. Luckily Kathy was able to take me for a last minute appointment and I'm so glad she did.Asked for blunt bangs that weren't too short and to refresh my layers. Kathy did an amazing job at creating exactly what I wanted. This was the first time EVER that I went to the salon and left completely satisfied with my cut. I am definitely making Beauty to Beauty my permanent hair salon in Las Vegas.
5	Yesterday was my first time going to Beauty To Beauty. I was very nervous as I have big, crazy, curly, mixed hair. I've been to many a salons that couldn't handle my biracial (black & white) hair (and I'm new to the area!)Kathy came very highly recommended and she did a FABULOUS job! Like amazinggg. I wanted hair like Leona Lewis and 3 hrs and 20 mins later, I had it! I had really bad split ends and I was looking for some new "hairspiration" and Kathy definitely gave me what I was looking for. Kathy is hilarious and awesome so it was a very pleasant salon trip.Kathy went above and beyond and stayed an extra 45 minutes to help finish my hair. I will definitely be a regular. If anyone is apprehensive that this salon can't handle "different" hair, don't worry, they're great!!THANKS KATHY AND BEAUTY TO BEAUTY!!
5	I go to vegas yearly for work conferences and visit this place to meet with Keturah. She always does my hair with a certain flair I like but can't personally describe to other stylists. I recommend anyone to get her to style your hair, but especially those who would like a talented stylist to try some new things or give recommendations! She's completely easy to get along with and doesn't push you to open up like some annoying hair people do, but keeps it comfortable!
4	Look no further.  James is the best!  I confess I tried other hairstylists and he's the only who can do wonders to my voluminous and at times frizzy hair.  If you know what you want even better, but James knows hair.  Best kept secret in LV.
5	Took forever for me to write a review!First of all, I went based on the review by Shana, she and I have something in common aside from being apprehensive toward certain salons, we have the same kind of hair (only mine is Indian and African)... judging from the picture. I walked in and immediately Kathy knew who I was, I suppose because everyone else in the location... lets just say... was different.Anyhow!The wash and treatment was awesome!The colors came out great!And this girl knows exactly what she is doing, her blow drying technique and all!I left with a huge smile on my face, and after living in Vegas for 3 years I've finally found the girl for me :)Only thing is 3 hours on my butt makes me want to visit her less lolBut in any case, when I do have events or have to do something special, she will be the only face I go to!Thanks Kathy! and thanks Beauty to Beauty!
5	Kathy at Beauty to Beauty is a haircutting god(ess)!  Like seriously. I wanted to tell her that after she finished my haircut but thought it might be a little awkward. I walked in with dry, unmanageable tresses and walked out with a mane fit for a superstar. Kathy wasn't given a simple task either.  She was dealing with a previous bad haircut that left me jaded and skeptical that my hair could once again return to its former glory. Kathy proved that great hair can be mine again! Go see Kathy and she'll make you a believer too. She's quick, efficient, meticulous, personable, and most importantly, she LISTENS to what you want. I'll definitely be back to see her when I'm in Las Vegas again.Check out my profile pictures to see the finished product.
1	So this was probably the worst salon experience I ever had. I went in wanting a cut and a touch up to my ombre dye job. I showed the guy 3 pictures n he acted like he understood n seemed friendly. He gave me a two-tone dye n got bleach in random spots on my hair. So now I have to go somewhere else to have it fixed. The cut was  just okay.The scalp massage n wash were painful because he was totally rushing even though there were no other customers. He pulled my hair n at one point just left me there with my head in the sink (ow) while he talked on the phone.At the end he was pissed off that I didn't leave a tip. Sorry, I don't tip if the stylist obviously doesn't care about doing a good job!!I honestly wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. I'm sure the other stylists are better but why even run the risk if they have guys like the one who did my hair there..
5	GAH took me forever to finally post a review about my girl BEE at beauty to beauty, but its about damn time :] i had wrote a pretty good review of her before but after my recent haircut with her ive got to delete it and write an even better one.I am usually very fussy about my hair because lets face it its one of the most noticeable feature on your head, and honestly there havent been anyone that wows me like she did. SHe is AMAZING ,words cant express how happy i am with my new hair. i came in not really sure what i wanted and she definitely point me to the right direction. she gave me a VERY modern cool stylish look. and hook my up with a color that really compliment the style. ive got nothing but compliments after my haircut and i couldnt be any happy with her work . if you are looking to be stylish and not boring with the usual same old same old then come down to beauty to beauty and ask for BEE .and let her tell you what looks good for you cause she definitely would not let you down. im counting the days til my next hair cut so i can wow people with another one of BEE's unique style :]
3	I'm kind of confused about my experience that I had at Beauty 2 Beauty. It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't spectacular either. I went in with high expectations coming into the salon, based on the great reviews here. And perhaps if James or Kathy did my hair, it might have turned into a better experience, but my experience was as flat as my Asian hair. I made an appointment the day before and even though I requested James, I guess he was off that day because they scheduled me with another stylist. The girl who cut my hair was young and had straight black hair (She never told me her name). I had a ton of split ends due to not having had my hair cut since September, so I wanted at least 5 inches cut off, layered, and with a side part. She got straight to work cutting after washing my hair, snipping away furiously with her scissors. I felt like she was rushing a bit because she was cutting really fast. Then she blowdried my hair and straightened it, something I've never had a hairstylist do because my hair is so naturally straight. At the end, she did do her job, my hair was 5 inches shorter, layered, and all split ends were eliminated. My hair looks good, but not wow. I guess I was just disappointed by the experience because I didn't connect with the hairstylist. I was in and out in 30 minutes, the fastest haircut I've ever had, given how much hair I have. I want to give this place another try, but maybe with another stylist. The most off-putting thing I saw here was when my stylist dug out a brush from her drawer that was full of other people's hair strands, tried to rip out the strands, and then proceeded to brush my hair. That to me is a big no-no to do in front of the client.
5	I was recommended to John since I've been searching for years for a new hairstylist. Everyone I've attempted to try has either cut it wrong or my hair grew out very odd. I was told to try John as he cuts really well and is fairly fast, which I love having my hair done as quick as possible.  I can't stand sitting in a chair for more than an hour. From start to finish, I was done with my haircut within 20 minutes including wash! What the?! I was sooo happy! Not only was the cut great but it grew out fantastic. My hair is a bit of a weird mixture of curly, straight, bipolar. So for someone to know how to cut it properly is extremely hard for me to find. He's definitely my go to guy from now on
3	Just don't have this girl Bee or B cut your hair.  She is inexperienced.  I feel like hitting her for messing up my hair.
3	If you enjoy getting your hair cut by asian guys or girls this is the place for you.
4	I've been to this location twice.  Being a native of Los Angeles, I wanted to find a hair salon that knew how to work with Asian hair without the LA prices.  My first visit hair left me swooning over their services.  I came in wanting a single-color job done. I forget the stylist who colored my hair, but after the coloring, the forced conversation, and the washing, she was able to transform my straight thin hair into silky, voluptuous tresses that graced my shoulders ever so  nicely.  I don't remember how much I paid.  I think it was $65, which was so reasonably priced--in my opinion--considering the sheer amount of hair I sported at the time (the length of my hair  was down to my lower back). For my second visit, I had an appointment to get my roots retouched.  Lawrence was my stylist/colorist who took super great care in getting the colors to match, since I had highlights and a base color (from another salon)  that had faded over the past months.  Lawrence was super friendly and joked around a lot.  He was very attentive and observant, asking me if I was okay each step of the way.  I really appreciated that!  A woman's hair is her pride and joy, so I was impressed that he was concerned about how I felt as he worked with my hair.  Lawrence was great at blow drying my hair, transforming my  frizzy mess into silky locks full of life.  My bangs were being stubborn and didn't part the way Lawrence wanted them to, so he spent a good ten minutes tackling my bangs to get to the style he had envisioned it to be.  It's nice to know that he was a perfectionist and wanted me to look my best after he was done with the job.  I left satisfied.  The color was amazing and my roots were a thing of the past!  This costed $70.  Ow.   I guess I couldn't avoid the LA prices after all.i would come back to see Lawrence again!
5	Thank you Kathy!  I've been here before for a quick cut and style and again, for $35, it doesn't get much better than this.  I'd pay more for the quality I get here.  Been to James many times in the past, but called last minute and was booked with Kathy for the first time.  Very impressed and I have my layers back again and was in and out in no time.  :)
5	Five stars for James! He is truly amazing at what he does. He sees and listens to your vision, but will also make recommendations and make your hair even better than what you imagined. He's honest and will tell you if something won't look good, only because he genuinely cares about the outcome. His appointments can run a bit late, but only because he's dedicated to making each and every customer look great before they leave that chair!Since I moved to Vegas a year ago, I've gotten my hair cut by him and only him. My asian hair is long, thick, naturally straight, and unprocessed. He's great at layering, which is a bit fun because he does a special technique that involves you flipping your head upside down haha. Plus, the hair cut still looks good even after it grows out! Today was the third time I've gotten my hair cut by him and had to write a review. I finally decided to go one-length a la Olivia Palermo and he did a wonderful job!I can't sing my praises about James enough. Go call and make your appointment with him now!
4	Lawrence, Lawrence, Lawrence..  what an experience I had here with him.  He's so high energy, a real laugh factory hair stylist.  :-)I was in Vegas on vacation and decided I wanted a new look.  I looked on Yelp and this salon had good reviews, the most recent was from another woman on vacation.  So I called and booked an appt. for a color the next afternoon.I went from a dirty blonde as Lawrence called it, to a raspberry/ brown with a big bold, blonde highlight chunk in my upper bang area for a real , edgy pop of color.Although the appt. took longer than expected, in the end, I walked out with a new edgy look, my friends all raved about it when I posted a pic on FB.The next time I am in Vegas, I am sure to go back to get this great color from him again. And I know I saved over East Coast salon pricing too. Very reasonable.Ladies, if in Vegas, and you want a New Wow factor, go see Lawrence.   His specialty is long hair he said, vs. short like mine is. But he managed in the end  ;-)It's about a $15 cab ride form the strip in Chinatown.  Well worth it too.
5	This place is a true hidden gem and James is a star. He is very talented and just sees what works or not. He gives "do it yourself at home" pointers, even for people like me, who can't handle a blow-dryer and a brush at the same time. For almost 5 years, he never got a haircut wrong. I find the rates unbelievably low, although I would still be a faithful client even if everything cost twice as much.
1	I was looking for a good salon for Asian hair so I used yelp to look for a place where I can get a cut and dye. I found this place with amazing reviews. I called for an appointment with James, because other yelpers praised his talent. I went in just in time for my appointment and James greeted me. He was very nice and joked around, which made me feel more comfortable... UNTIL he went a little overboard with the compliments and asking me why I don't have multiple boyfriends. Then it got a little weird and awkward.I told him I wanted a reddish brown color, and he told me he would mix a few colors. His accent was a little bit indistinguishable at times, but he seemed like he knew what he was doing, so I agreed to his suggestions of mixing colors and whatever looks best on me. He finished my color, and when he dried my hair I could hardly tell the difference. My hair was still very dark, and the red was only seen in the sunlight. I figured It would get lighter after a couple washes, so I brushed it off. He DID cut my hair the way I wanted it. He kept it long, but still managed to cut the split ends off and layer my hair how I usually get it done.The one thing that really pissed me off was in the middle of styling my hair he told me he needed to go to the bathroom, and of course I said go ahead. He came back after a few minutes laughing. He smelled of cigarette smoke. I asked him if he really went to use the bathroom and he told me he lied and he needed to smoke. Not only did he lie, but he just laughed it off, then he continued to style my hair with his smoke infested smelly hands. Not a very professional thing to do.Later that day I noticed my head was becoming itchy. I couldn't help but feel like something was wrong. I thought it was just a little dye irritation, but It got worse over time. Within two days my whole head swelled up like a balloon. My neck and back of the ears were so enlarged (where my hair usually rests when it is down). My face got swollen and my left eye started to close because of the puffiness. I had to go to urgent care right away!The doctor told me I was having an allergic reaction to the dye, which is weird to me because i've dyed my hair countless times, and never has this EVER happened. I don't know what kind of dye he used on me, or if him mixing different things did this to me. All I know is that I'm not going back there ever again. I have to take 6 pills a day now, and these symptoms will last until the dye GROWS out off my hair, or until I CUT all of my hair off. I gave him one star because I liked the haircut, but the service and experience was the worse I've ever had!! ****PLEASE ASK FOR THE BRANDS/TYPE OF DYE THEY USE IF YOU DECIDE TO GO HERE SO THIS DOESNT HAPPEN TO YOU!! DO YOUR RESEARCH!!
4	woke up today and decided it was time i did something about my outta control mane.i have naturally wavy, thick, asian hair and it grows incredibly fast. after many years of dyeing and touching up, i finally decided it was time to go natural again. i wanted to give my hair a break and just stop the dyeing. i called the salon around 130pm and was able to make an appointment with james at 230pm.james definitely has a vision of his own but will deliver what you're asking of him. an older asian lady, perhaps his assistant was taiwanese and informed me that he used the "expensive hair dye" on me and that he usually never lets them use it, even asked him "how come you didn't use the $5 one?" LOL, anyway. i originally planned on just getting my hair colored but decided to go for a trim as well. i have heard james was quite the hair cutter. (thanks yelp!) in the end, he gave me a beautiful new look and i am completely satisfied. my hair is now exactly the color i wanted, silky, smooth and looks incredibly healthy! oh and yes, he did make me turn my head upside down while he cut.although he is a little hard to understand and loves to joke a lot, i highly recommend him!
5	Since my recent move from So Cal, I've been meaning to find a new place to do my digital perm. I have very thin and damaged Asian hair, and digital perm is the only thing that makes my hair looks relatively full, healthy and wavy. I am very glad I found this place. I booked an appointment with James after reading all the great reviews, and he did not disappoint. I loved my perm and my cut. When I first walked into the salon, I saw 2 Asian guys getting their hair permed.  I knew I found the right place.  The total cost for my cut & perm was around $160 (?), which was on par with all the other salons I've been to in So Cal (mostly Japanese and Korean). When I first walked into the salon, I saw 2 Asian guys sitting there and getting their hair permed.  I knew I found the right place. =p
1	Dont EVER go to the vietnameses guy name JOHN!!!! I went in for long layers and left with most of my hair cut off and it looks like a freaking Mullet!!! Wth.. Thats not long layers!!! He doesnt listen and I will never recommend this guy to even cut my dogs hair!!!
1	Ill never come back because of JOHN.. I went in for long layers and left there with my hair choppy and 5 /6 inches off my hair then id expected.. My hair was dwn to my butt now its up pass my bra strap.. He ruined my hair that took me 2 years too grow..So if any of you who have long hair and ur hair is everything to you!!! Dont go to JOHN...
5	This review is based on Kathy...omg! She is truly amazing. I got my haircut last July and just got around to giving my review.  Visited Beauty 2 Beauty based on the Yelp reviews (thankd fellow yelpers)...I made an appointment to see Kathy for a hair style and color. My hair is jet black and very difficult to get the right color without stripping the color and bleaching it. My hair badly need a style and had a color in mind. Showed the picture of the hair color I wanted to Kathy and she went to work. She styled my hair so perfectly and the final product of the color was amazing that I got multiple compliments from it.  I finally found someone that I can trust my hair to. Thanks Kathy!  See you soon for my touch up. Absolutely 5 stars!!
3	I went here because all the reviews were raving about it, especially on how the stylists knew how to cut wavy hair.Now I get weary when it comes to having my hair cut at Asian salons, because while they know how to cut Asian hair, a lot seem to have a hard time knowing how to cut one that's 'mixed'. I got my thick, wavy tresses from my Puerto Rican side, so it makes things a bit stressful to deal with.Not only that, but a lot of Asian salons also seem to not be updated on the latest trends outside of...well, Asia. I came into Beauty to Beauty, showing my stylist a picture of some classic, 50s-style 'Bettie Page' bangs. He told me that those kinds of bangs won't work well for my hair and said something about 'White people hair' or whatever. I couldn't quite understand what he was saying due to his accent.So he showed me this book of all the popular hairstyles that Asian girls like these days. Then he told me that these are the type of cuts that the girls love, and that I should get one. My mind immediately went 'NO'. Did the Misfits shirt I was wearing that day not give you a clue? I'm sorry, but I'm past my 'Weaboo' and 'Koreaboo' phases, alright? I don't want to look like a K-pop singer wannabe anymore...that was all high school and is embarrassing for me now...It really irks me when stylists don't listen to the customer and think they know what's best for them. Sometimes, yes, but in cases like these, it just annoys me. I remember going to another salon in Chinatown and showing the lady that I wanted the Audrey Hepburn-style of updo that is famously seen in her 'Breakfast at Tiffanys' film. However, the stylist said that looked 'old-fashioned' for me and that trendy crap suited me better.Okay, look, I could give a damn about following the latest trends in Asia these days, as most of them are no longer 'me' anymore. I have a love for all things vintage, so 40s/50s/early 60s styles are what I love. Really sick of catty Asian ladies telling me what's 'right' for me and what isn't. Just reminds me of my own tiger mom.Anyway, the stylist did say that he will keep my bangs long for now to see if I liked it while he was cutting it, so I let him. Ended up not liking the 'little girl' look he gave me (which he chuckled about because he kept on commenting about how I looked like I was 15 instead of an adult...ugh. If I ever return, I'll come back here wearing make-up to look like my age), so I told him to cut my bangs shorter. He didn't like how I wanted it shorter and said that he liked my bangs they were, but he said that if that was my wish and if that was what made me happy, then he would cut it short.Well, at least he was a little more lenient at that part. This haircut cost $40 so it had better be spent well.In this case, it kind of wasn't because he would refuse to cut my bangs any shorter even though my mom had cut them really short before. But since I'm not a pro, I listened to his advice instead and had my bangs be kept at its current length, with some minor adjustments on my part once I got home and had access to a scissor and curling iron.I don't remember the name of my hairdresser, only that he kept on messing around and told me that his name was 'Strawberry Jam' and that he was also 99% Filipino. Pff yeah whatever. That was the positive about him; he was a joker in a good sense and made the atmosphere relaxed and comfortable. Although at times, he was a bit too sassy and wacky for my tastes, but whatever. He got the job done (somewhat), although I don't think it was worth $40.Mind you, the $40 included shampoo & conditioner along with shaping my hair in a way that doesn't poof out into the dreaded frizzy, triangle look when I wear it in its natural state. The part that I was just ticked off was the whole bangs thing.I would come back here to get my hair colored and trimmed. But for a style that is considered 'niche' or 'too alternative' by Asian standards? I think I'd rather to go either the Shag Me salon or the Curl Up n' Dye salon for that.
5	James is absolutely amazing at haircuts! I live in west LA but wait till my annual vacation in Vegas just to get haircuts from him. I have very thick flat Asian hair and he does wonders on it. He is the only one I trust with getting new bangs and layering!
5	I had two previous bad haircuts in chicago where im from. Came to vegas on vacation and my hair really needed a fix. Not only did Bee fix it she also cut it to give it the appearance of longer length. Going back to vegas soon and having only her cut my hair!
5	KATHY KATHY KATHY!! i can't say enough good things about her haircutting prowess.  she listened to exactly what I wanted and for the first time in a long time I was satisfied with EVERY SINGLE thing about my haircut. my previous stylist out in the Bay Area where i'm from began reducing the quality of my haircuts with the increase in her client base along with price. (I was beginning to pay more for lower quality).  The sweeping bangs effect that I usually sport began to flip out in a retarded fashion cut after cut. Like another Yelper said, I walked into Beauty to Beauty for the first time feeling jaded and skeptical that my hair could once again return to its former glory, and Kathy proved that great hair could be mine again!  It's like the girl was psychic and was able to envision everything I wanted my hair to look like even though I was unable to put it into words! The way she tapers and blends the banks and layers together is marked by an unsurpassed precision. 2 months later and bangs still look great even after having grown out a bit.  I'm actually waiting until I come back out to Vegas at the beginning of next month before I get another haircut just so Kathy can work wonders on my hair again.  AND my haircut was ridiculously cheap.  Thanks Kathy!!!!!
5	Kathy cut my hair for the first time, so I had to update my review! I had a really bad urge to get a haircut (it had been five months since my last cut with my man James), but unfortunately he wasn't able to fit me in that day. Note to self, and everyone else: That guy gets booked quickly! Make your appointment early!Luckily, Kathy had an opening and I knew she also had great reviews, so I definitely was ready and willing to instill my trust in her. I would like to point out as I read in a review or two, that unlike James, who is very flamboyant and outgoing, Kathy is more reserved and quiet, which I think that some clients can take the wrong way as being unfriendly. However, it's totally not the case! I understand because I am the same way, and it takes me a little while to warm up to people. She is very focused and skilled in her craft, and by the end of my appointment we were laughing like old friends. She is a great hairstylist and listens to you. She understood what I wanted exactly from the picture I showed her! She gave me beautiful long layers, and didn't thin my hair out like I asked. She even took the time to curl my hair!I highly recommend getting your haircut by James or Kathy, I love them both. You can definitely count on leaving the salon with some great looking hair!
5	I got my haircut 2 days ago with 'John' hes very good hair stylist that you couldn't find in this town, his experiences are very very great and if you just show him pictures he would cut it exactly how you want it to be, I've been going to this place almost 2 years now and I will never change.
5	Waaahh love it here. I always go to Lawrence he's the best and always knows how to style my hair. Not only does he do great, he teaches you how he styles it which I appreciate so much. I also persuaded my two brothers and boyfriend to go here! Whom now won't go to anybody else but Lawrence lol. Very good prices for very good cuts. I recommend it this place and our stylist to everyone!
5	Got my hair done from a hair stylist name Keturah here. She's the one in the far right corner on the right side. She's really good! Never felt so relaxed and fell in love with my hair. Def coming back here.
5	Kathy cut my hair and I loved it! She was thorough and kind. I just showed her the picture of how I wanted it and she cut it just how I asked it.I passed from a long hear to a short Bob and she did a great job. I felt safe with her and really like my new hair cut.
5	KATHY IS A BOSS. The kind of boss you want cutting your hair. You know that feeling you get when you watch someone doing their craft and they make it look so easy that you wonder why everyone else can't just do it just like them? That's Kathy when she's cutting hair. She cuts so confidently that you're immediately put at ease because you know you're in good hands. Your hair is transported to its happy place, a place where hair always does what you want it to and never rebels. Kathy conditioned my hair twice, cut about an inch and a half off, got rid of all my split ends, redefined my layers, added side bangs (which is about as adventurous as I get with my hair nowadays), and finished off with her blowdry and curl technique. One thing I love about Kathy is that she's consistent, you know you can expect the same results she provided during previous cuts. She also doesn't cut off more than you request and understands the value of long locks. Part of our convo revolved around how dreadful it is when hair stylists cut off more than you want them to, you can rest assured that Kathy won't do this. Not only is Kathy a great hairstylist but she's also buttloads of fun to talk to. Our convo ranged from talking about the Linq (which I refer to as the big circle thing) to my guilty pleasure of pulling my split-ends apart. Until next time, Kathy!  Thanks again!
5	Not that she needs it, but EVEN MORE PROPS FOR KATHY!!  I called the salon late Friday morning and got an appointment for 2pm with her on the same day.  The salon was busy when I went in, but I only waited for 5-10 minutes.    While I was in the chair, a good number of people walked in without appointments and Kathy welcomed them all even as she was working on my hair, didn't turn them away or make them feel dumb for not having an appointment.  There didn't appear to be a designated receptionist so all the employees, including Kathy, answered the phones as they worked, but it wasn't disruptive.  My hair is coarse and thick, and layers can look choppy if they're not blended well.  Kathy owned it.  She was sweet and funny and we chatted a good bit.  She's not the sort of "hey girl tell me about your drama/boy problems, etc" type of chatty hairdresser, which is great because I usually want to punch them.  Instead she talks to you like...a normal person. I loved my haircut (only $40!!) and so did my husband and friends when I got back to the house.  I also really liked the vibe of the salon.  Kathy and Lawrence (with his blue mohawk) were teasing each other like brother and sister.  Thanks again Kathy, I wish you lived in Fresno!!
5	I have been looking for a hair salon in the LV area and FINALLY found one! B2B is a great place - but KATHY IS AMAZING. She is a great stylist, professional and really friendly.  I'm so impressed with her. She is the BEST!
5	Keturah never disappoints!!! I've been going to her once a month for about a year now and I always leave very satisfied. The quality of her haircuts are awesome and I couldn't be happier with what she does for me. Last time I asked for a two block and after she was done I seriously felt like a korean pop star and I mean that in a really good way..lol. Anyway aside from the two block I've asked her for a lot of different styles and she always knows what to do. Also, she's tons of fun to talk to..shes not nosy or anything like that and she has a lot of fun stories to tell too..Keturah is the best!
5	Love my hair! But I gotta take better care of it so says my awesome friendly stylist KAI! He gave me great tips to do with my hair after and showed me a different way to style it. Great stylist! Will be coming back :)
4	$40 to cut and layer my long, straight asian hair. That's a great price and I walked out feeling like a million bucks!Being a new resident to Nevada means having to find a new hair stylist (meaning: one that is tried and true and understands asian hair.) Scouring reviews and trying to track down pictures of hair results from many local salons isn't an easy task - they start blending together. Luckily, this salon had a ton of reviews, many high ratings and pictures that helped me figure out that this was the place I wanted to go. Also, many people raved about Kathy's work and their hair looked great, so I was determined to get my cut done by her. I called to set the appointment for next day for my hair cut (Sat) and possibly a consultation for dyeing and highlighting my hair with Kathy. She is definitely a busy busy lady! She was able to sneak me into an afternoon slot to cut my hair, but wasn't able to dye my hair. Looks like she gets booked quick on the weekends by her regulars, so you may need to call a week in advance to set up an appointment. They are also closed on Sundays and she is off on Mondays. I walked in and was greeted by Kathy and waited a couple minutes while she finished up with her client and then she immediately took me back to wash my hair. She was gentle and quick. She asked me how I wanted my hair cut, I showed her a picture and we had no issues with communication in regards to how I want my hair cut and layers to look. I wanted to keep the length, so asked her to cut a maximum of about 2 inches. It's pretty weird and not like me, but I felt like I could trust her off the bat. She seemed to just know what's up! I loved that vibe. We talked here and there, but sparingly. It didn't bother me that she is a woman of minimal words, she's a professional - plus fake blabber and random forced conversation is more awkward anyways. She answered all of my questions and she is very knowledgeable about hair health, cutting, and styling. Kathy made my hair fun and flirty. It looks 100 times healthier too. She did exactly what I asked her to do. I'm glad I trusted her, she's a talented stylist!
1	3 STARS for a $45 trim!!!I walked into the salon and it was nearly empty. I was "welcomed" by one of the stylists looking at me with her snobby stare. So um okay! I did get lucky to find a unoccupied stylist that agreed to cut my hair. I don't remember her name but she was friendly and I think she has a Asian name. She was asking me a lot of questions like isn't it expensive to live in San Diego. I said it depends on which part of San Diego you're talking about. Anyway she listened to how I wanted my hair cut which was super simple. I just wanted 5 inches trimmed off. No layers or anything. My total became $50 with tip included. I've never paid near $50 for a haircut in California. And she thinks SD is expensive!!! I ain't rich.
5	Just moving to Vegas from The San Francisco East Bay Area I was being really picky on selecting a stylist. Looked on Yelp and found Beauty to Beauty Salon.  I was a little skeptic on its location but the reviews convinced me to go with Kathy. I'm so glad I did because Kathy is amazing! I originally wanted a lighter brown color on top with a blonde ombre. But after Kathy took one look at the condition of my hair she hit the brakes. With my dry, thin, and totally damaged hair from straightening,  color on top of color, she said that we would have to take babysteps to get to where I want to with my hair. From reading the other Yelp reviews I knew she knew what she was talking about. The result is a lot darker than what I wanted but I am completely in love with the color and cut. Didn't even have to show her a picture of the cut I wanted. Just explained to her and she knew exactly what to do. I will definitely be one of regulars and probably not go too much lighter than where I am now!!! Thanks Kathy!!!!
4	I really needed to get another digital perm. And I just so happened to be in Vegas for work...called a few friends up and they said Kathy at B2B had good reviews on Yelp. So I said why not. Gave her a call and she was able to accommodate my late appt request. Awesome!Got there right at 4:30 and she was ready to get started. At first I was a little nervous because 1) I had never been to her for a digital perm and 2) at first she was rough around the edges. She started asking me about my hair and I just told her to do what she wanted. We started small talk and I found her to experience to be quite interesting and she was really friendly.And of course when she was done my hair looked fabulous!!!!! She cut the perfect layers so it would really compliment the perm.  If I lived in Vegas I would for sure go back.  Anyone that wants a digital perm-call for Kathy.
3	Kathy has always been my hairdresser ever since I started going to B2b for my haircuts. I love how she always listens to how I want my hair, even if she has doubts about it and would give me her opinion, nevertheless, she would still listen and try to do the best she could to bring to life what I envision for my hair. For the past 3 years or so that I've been coming back, I've always been satisfied and happy with Kathy taking care of my hair. I had to get an unexpected haircut today due to an even I will be going to tomorrow, so I asked if b2b had any open slots and they did, but unfortunately not with Kathy :( I decided to go with it anyway and had someone else cut my hair. He was very friendly, but not as willing to listen to what I wanted, unlike Kathy, and asserted his opinions rather than listen to me. The cut wasn't so bad, but it wasn't great either. I guess I learned my lesson, and next time, I would rather just wait and schedule with Kathy. P.s.Most people were going on about how Kathy was cold and not as open, but I always had a good time talking and laughing with her every time I went there
5	Kathy is the best, she knows how to cut every kind of hair.she is really expert in her job. She is a socialize person and each time we talk together. Today was my third time and each time I tried different style and each time I was satisfy..
5	I've never had a salon to call "home" before I came here. I've been coming here for a little over a year and I absolutely love Keturah!! Not just as a person but also her skills. She's real down to earth and understands when a client wants to talk and when a client wants some quiet time. I love the deep "v" with my long hair but many stylists previously haven't been able to do it right- claiming that "it won't blend with the front", and Keturah proved them all wrong! She did exxxxactly what I wanted with no complaints at all. My boyfriend, his cousin, my best friend, and my sister-in-law have all made Keturah their hair stylist.I've only dyed my hair once before at home but never professionally until a few days ago.. Yessss, I trust Keturah with my hair enough to let her dye it and I am absolutely in love with the ombre she did for me! LOVE LOVE LOVE! (see pictures) I'm so thankful I've found Keturah! That sounds cheesy, but I' seriously.. if I didn't find her I would still be going from salon to salon trying to find the right stylist to do the right cut for me.
5	I have been going to Keturah for two years now.  She is the sweetest, and most talented hair stylist.  She always takes her time with all of her clients and does an amazing job.  I have very thick, wavy hair and she makes me look like a million bucks every time.  If you are in need of a fabulous hair stylist, Keturah is your girl.
5	I gave them a bit of pressure because I am Miss Teen Spring Valley and Kai kept his cool and did a great job. Though he had to get help on the bangs since they just weren't right, it still came out very nice and I would have to say thankyou for not messing up my hair like the other salons. LOL Great job. :) will be doing a shout out for you guys on my Facebook fan page. :D
5	I am going to miss Kathy SO much. She is the best and she can do ANY type of hair. My hair is unruly, crazy curly and sometimes out of control but she always makes me feel like a million bucks when I leave and she is very affordable! Kathy is incredibly nice and you won't feel awkward spending multiple hours with her, haha. I LOVE KATHY!!!!!
1	I should of never came here. Ruined my Vegas trip.I went here because the reviews on Yelp were pretty high, now I feel like it was all bs reviews.I went in at the beginning of my week long trip and just wanted a #2 fade. Plain and simple.The male stylist said ok so I thought, cool no problem.He started and ended up cutting my hair crooked and too much off the top. Like a military buzz cut but with the top longer so made my head look like a bent pineapple with an asian mullet. I mean..wtf..seriously?? I've done a better job cutting it myself without mirrors...LITERALLY.And THEN after all that bs..he tells me its $25..REALLY??I didnt want to deal with his bs anymore or even see if he can fix it, not the kind of gamble I was hoping to do in Vegas.I actually went down the street to a barber shop and paid more to get it fixed. They did a better job fixing the stupid ass haircut than this "stylist" trying it in the first place. AND it was $10 cheaper!I cant understand how someone that cuts hair cant do a simple fade. Truely a disappointing experience.If you still want to spend your money here..take that cash, go on the strip and give it to one of those homeless people on the bridges. It'll be put to better use, whether food OR drugs~
1	I absolutely HATE my hair even more now.I came in here setting my expectations real, that not all hair stylists will know absolutely what is on your mind as to what you want done in your hair.But when I show you over and over how I want my hair to look like, even told you that I want long layers, and want my damaged hair to be trimmed..yet you still managed to effed it up...then I have no choice but to warn others not to go to this place!YOU HAD ONE JOB!My hair right now, is 3 inches shorter and has no shape whatsoever!Why would it have any? when all you did was to point your scissors down and cut my hair diagonally from my cheek to the tip.If that is what you call "layering".. then NO THANK YOU.I have seen more gift-wrapping skills with the scissors than that lady who calls herself  a "stylist".seriously... don't believe all the high star ratings on this place.by all means, waste your $40 on this place just to suffer for 2-3 months before you can take your hair again somewhere else.
5	A great place to find your own style. A lot of people had complained that they did not get the style they wanted; remember, if you bring a picture of celebrity with specific styles that you wanted to look good on you, you are absolutely wrong. I was the same way too. I brought a picture of style that I wanted to look good on and asked James (the head hair designer) to do my hair. He told me that will not look as good as I would expect. He actually consulted about styles that will look good on me. After he cut my waist length long hair to shoulder length, he also gave me tips to keep my hair heathy and pretty.  It's always good to have an idea before you go to a salon. Don't expect you to look like a celebrity after because you brought a picture.Make sure you consult with James before you do your hair. All staff is very friendly and welcoming.
5	I'm not from Las Vegas but really wanted a new haircut and relied on Yelp to find me a really good salon in the area. I then stumbled upon Beauty to Beauty and from everyone's comments and ratings, it sounded like the place to go to. I went in the morning and was a walk in. They were able to cut my hair immediately. I loved the clean and modern environment and the staff was super nice. I got my hair cut by Lawrence and he was really sweet. He taught me so much about how to take care of my hair and style it post haircut and what products would work. I learned many techniques that I am excited to try out once I get back home. I really enjoyed this place because usually when I get my haircut, they  just cut my hair without telling me what's going on or how to maintain my hair style. I could definitely tell that the staff here at Beauty to Beauty really care about their customers and want to really build a connection with them. When I go back to Las Vegas, I will definitely go back here and suggest that others do as well!
5	I love this place, very we'll maintained and all the stylists are hipsters. My stylist is sunny.... I love her. Seriously. She can execute any style and puts love and care into until it's finished. Sunny is one of the most Real down to earth honest stylist I've ever met. (Warning she will turn u down if she believes she cant help u at the moment) with her, the guests come first before money . She can definitely cut men's hair and women. This is my only hair salon I'll be going to. Go here everyone it's the shit!!!! See u soon SUNny!!
5	Since moving back to California.. I have yet to find a hairstylist that could live up to my expectation. James have set the standard pretty high. He listens.. Knows how to give u want to want but also puts his own flare into it. I would be willing to drive a couple hours for him but i'm now about 10 hrs away. :/ Ladies and gents.. If you are looking for the best person in town for a cut.. He's your man!
5	JAMES is the person to go to!He listens to what you want, but also knows what will look good on you. Trust him! Don't be alarmed when he has you bend over so he can cut your hair upside down.. It works :)
5	PRICE: Roughly $30-$40 for a regular cut, but it depends on what you're doing. First time was a CUT + DYE (lightest shade without bleaching my hair): $80 total. Dye can cost more/ombre etc. I've been here twice now to see Kathy. After reading shimmering reviews of her, I felt that I had to try it. The first time I went here, I decided to dye my hair a rich coffee milk color. It was my first time dying my hair ever. Made me wish that I went through an existential punk-rock-overuse-of-black-eyeliner phase in high school. I felt super nervous while picking out my color. Kathy is quiet, reserved, and takes a while to warm up to you. I appreciated that I wasn't pressured to make conversation. She gave her advice on a first-time color without being condescending.After washing my hair thoroughly and "painting" the dye into my hair delicately and confidently, I started to relax a bit. She left me to work on another customer (talk about awesome multi-tasking) while my hair marinated in the head electric chair for around...20 minutes or so? I was busy reading entertaining 1-star Twilight book reviews to notice.  When my hair was done toasting, she washed and blow- dried it.She told me, "okay don't freak out when you see your hair." Needless to say, I freaked out harder than Bella losing Edward in New Moon. God, those books were awful. It's shocking when you see yourself with a totally different color than the one you're born with. It's like waking up and realizing that your thumb is gone and replaced with a can opener. Only, you know, probably less traumatizing in my case. I told her exactly what I wanted. Three inches of hair off and a trim on my layers. I wanted this be more layered than an onion. Kathy listened and sliced my hair with the precision of sculpting feather-thin details. I was surprised she cut my tresses so quickly. I can't stand choppy layers (I'm lookin' at you SuperCuts/GreatClips!!) She didn't over flatiron my hair too much and gave it plenty of volume in the style. My hair still looked awesome 6 months later (only much longer, trashier with the roots showing, and abused by split ends but hey!). Each strand blended nicely and intricately into the next. When I went to visit my mom on a trip recently before the second cut, she said "oh good, this haircut looks much better than the last! The one you had before was ugly." (The very first thing she told me was to "get a white boyfrand ok?? More money." oh geez).  Second time around, I couldn't be happier. I just had a regular cut ($30) done recently without a re-dye. Prices are steep. But I don't mind so much because I felt more than satisfied.Kathy is quick, but she paid attention to my hair, and captured the very style I wanted. Definitely sticking to her as my stylist.
4	Kai did a great job welcoming me in to town by giving me a chop that reminded me of my hairstylist in LA. I would highly recommend him if your looking for a guy to chop male hair. I just didn't like the price. You'll have to spend $25 + tip if you don't wanna look like a douchebag. So roughly you'll spend $30. But for people like me who's hair grows every two weeks it's not a good idea to go here. I transferred and found a cheaper place down the road that does an exceptional job if not better than this place. Good luck!
5	I've been here before and had Cathy as my stylist. I like digital perms and Cathy's been good and I highly recommend her. She's no nonsense, knows her stuff - great results. However, just out of curiosity, I wanted to try James as well and he was amazing. Great cut, great digital perm. Better than when I get it done in LA or NYC. For Koreans like me, I feel lucky there is a place like this here in Vegas to get great digital perms.
5	Been going for haircuts with James for more than 4 years now. I trust no one else to cut my hair anymore. I think four years is more than enough credential to leave a review.
5	Quest to be blonde!Went completely blonde from this salon - the best part is that they know how to handle Asian hair, and Lawrence explained what he was doing during the whole process. Lawrence is the best person I've ever gone to for dying hair! He somehow managed to get my two toned, brown colored hair into a warmer, but not so lemony blonde.The whole process took about 4 hours: It could have been quicker, but I showed up a bit late and had to wait until Lawrence tended to another customer. I admit, I was a bit peeved at first for having to wait an extra 40 minutes - but after his other client he focused his entire attention and skill to my hair :)The process, service, and care he put into my whole blonde-ing process was impeccable. Never going to another salon for touch ups or dying again!
5	I got my haircut done by Kai. He did an amazing job. I went from very, very long hair to almost a pixie cut. He gave his recommendations on what he thought would look better for me while still giving me the option of going with what I had originally wanted. In the end, I went with all of his suggestions and came out with a very cute cut. I definitely felt like he knew what he was doing and I felt confident trusting his expertise.
4	My hair was badly in need of a new dye job.  Lawrence was very attentive and did a fantastic job and gave me a great hair cut!  Price was very reasonable as well.
5	Just wanted to bud in and say Kai is still wonderful and I admire him and the other staff's work. Just a note for those coming in to "bleach" their hair--don't get mad at the hair dresser when your hair turns out damaged/fragile. They will warn you AND if you're still stuck on the thought of going blonde comes with the responsibility of knowing your hair WILL look and feel like crap afterwards (majority of the time). Why get mad and blame your hair dresser? Wth do you think bleach is? Fairy dust that magically turns your hair blonde? That shit will kill your hair and if you don't want that, then don't do it or even take it into consideration.I feel sorry for some of the staffs having to deal with some of you customers. Also, remember that you get what you pay for. If you're going to be cheap, then realize it's going to reflect on your hair.Anyways, love Beauty to Beauty!
3	I had called the day before for a hair appointment, so I was glad that they could take me the next day. Kai was my hair stylist, and it certainly was not the worst hair cut, but by far not the best either. I was ready to make a big change, chopping off at least 8 inches of my hair--I was pretty nervous about it, and told him so. I showed him a picture of my desired hair cut, and told him my concern that my hair was too thick and wavy, and wouldn't turn out like the picture, but he assured me that as long as I had the right stylist, I could have any hair cut I wanted. He sounded pretty confident, so I put all my trust in him. It's just hair, it'll grow back.The hair cut itself looked all right, and when he went to style it, I told him that I wanted it styled wavy like the photo. He spent a long time trying to get my wavy hair to wave, and somehow ended up with straight hair in the end. I was pretty surprised when he told me he was finished, and I mentioned how it wasn't wavy, but it looked nice, and his reply was that with my thick hair, making it wavy wouldn't make the hair style look nice. Isn't that what I had asked him from the beginning? And why did he spend all that time trying to get it to wave, and then decide when he was finished that waves wouldn't look good?Kai is a nice enough guy, he seems to know what he's doing for the most part, he knows how to cut Asian hair, but he doesn't really listen to you. And he couldn't get my naturally wavy hair to wave, so that baffled me as well. I wouldn't go back to him. It's just hair, it'll grow back, but I'm annoyed to pay for something I wasn't happy with in the end. My hair doesn't look bad...but maybe one day I'll find someone to cut my hair like in the photo.
5	I went here for the first time a couple of days ago to get my hair trimmed.  Kai was my hairstylist, and he is great at what he does.  I have blonde hair, and due to the bleach, it has damaged my hair tremendously, but they have the right products and detanglers for my hair (and I would hope every salon does, but unfortunately this is not always the case).  I have had my hair texturized for years because my hair is naturally thick and heavy, and it is difficult to find a hair dresser who is knowledgeable in that area.  Kai did an excellent job texturizing my hair, making it light and whispy.  Price is reasonable ($40 for long hair, $35 for short).  Includes shampoo, cut, blow dry, and style.  I'll be back here in a few months!
