5	Yes, this IS a breakfast place, the 3rd one of the same name (NEWEST and closest to our place), but I do have to say, they make a damn good lunch.  Their breakfast is good (I've converted many visitors to coffee cake lovers) but don't overlook their lunch selections.  Actually, a wild idea, you can eat your lunch for breakfast!They have some really great-tasting soups.  They do seem to change daily so don't be afraid to ask, it never seems to be written on their whiteboard.  In the past, they've had split pea, clam chowder and chicken tortilla.  My favorite is their burgers.  They are very fresh tasting/looking.  These are burgers that I crave!  They are always cooked perfectly (medium for me, well-done for the hubby) and always taste so good!  They are large in size and well worth the money ($6.95 - 8.25).  We like the basics so we stick to cheeseburgers and they are always good.  Although, when it is a special, I love their mushroom burger.  I've yet to try their Kobe burger ($11.95) but I will add it to my must try list from this place.Here's my hint when ordering, ask for their seasoned potatoes.  Much better choice than their ordinary fries and are a perfect side with any breakfast.
3	I like the Cracked Egg on Cheyanne better.  The breakfast food is definately pretty good, but every time I've tried going, the wait is horrendous (never under 20-30 minutes), AND the service is poor.  Poor as in having to go ask the hostess where's our waiter so we can at least get some water after 5 minutes at the table.   To me, that is a double whammy that is unacceptable.  Sorry Cracked Egg, I won't be coming back, at least not to this location.
4	This place should change it's name to F*CKING AMAZING BURGER TOWN.  In fact you herd it here and now you cracked bastard a name change is in effect.  I've been to this place a number of times and have always ordered the same thing, which is the Blue Cheese Bacon Burger.  It is by far the best burger I have had in Las Vegas to date.  OK people before you get carried away I am not saying it is the best burger in sin city I am simply saying it is the best burger I have HAD in Vegas. My wife and I had made our first visit to this fine establishment about a year ago, let me start off by saying I am not a breakfast person. Now I know what your thinking, but hold the slings and arrows for just minute and let me explain myself.  It is not that I am apposed of eating a scrumptious meal in the morning, in fact I am quite fond of it, however for every waffley, syrupesc, eggtastic creation in existence I always seem to find something much more appealing on any lunch or dinner menu.  Now my wife on the other hand being the complete opposite as one of those breakfast for dinner kind of folks, this is the perfect place for us.So now with that being said if you are looking for a great place that serves both breakfast and lunch with no time restrictions this is the place for you.  My wife has tried everything from the biscuits and gravy to the eggs benedict, to a southwest scramble I was particularly fond and everything has been extremely above par. Also I will say again they do make one tasty burger which , of course, is served with french fries that are also out of this world.  So yeah I'll end by saying,"Go to The Cracked Egg".  You will not be disappointed.
4	I want something other than the Omelet House and Jamm's to run to for breakfast, and I decided to finally try out the Cracked Egg.  Located in a small business center, this breakfast place is busy and we had to wait for a few minutes to grab a table.  When you walk in, it's a typical breakfast diner setting with interesting trinkets and artwork around.  The menu is nice and simple and the service is great.I ordered a denver omelette and my husband grabbed corned beef hash and eggs.  We had to try their muffin cake thing, and it was goood.  I know they microwave it to heat it up, but it still tastes pretty awesome.  As for the breakfast items, they were not greasy, nice and hot, and very yummy.  Everything was seasoned well and cooked perfectly.I've yet to eat lunch here or try anything else on the menu, but once I do I'll be sure to update my review.If you want a nice, quick breakfast for a reasonable price--and a great dessert cake muffin to start--grab a quick eat at this place.  it's worth the trip.
5	This is superclose to our house and thought to give it a try after recommendations for the other locations. Been a couple of times and definitely is my spot for a friendly brunch. The servers we've gotten the 3 times so far have been nice and kept up on our drinks throughout...nothing makes me more upset than having a mouthful of syrupy delight and zero to wash it down. I had full drink the whole time. Was busy but we got a table right away twice and once just a simple 5 minute wait while a table cleared. We go closer to when they close so we probably scrap by rush. Now onto foods-1st timeBenedict Ole- YUMMY! Diced chicken and green chiles were a nice twist to this benedict and went really well all together. Probably my favorite non sweet dish so far.Peanut Butter Stuffed French Toast- Really nice, served with bananas. Only downfall was it was very rich, but since my BF and I share dishes it broke up the richness so that we can enjoy more than a few bites. 2nd timeJoes Scramble- beef, cream cheese, spinach, scallions, cheddar and jack cheese . Good and big portions, again I got a side of their potatoes included and I like em. Nicely fluffy eggs, not overcooked.Daily Special on the whiteboard- Special K covered french toast with fresh fruit. This was yummy! I love cereal and french toast (I do Captain Crunch at home but rarely make- messy). This wasnt overwhelmingly sweet or rich than our last french toast, just right.3rd timeMontecristo- Turkey, Ham, cheese sandwich battered and fried. One of my guilty pleasure foods-  and they do it right here.  I guess everything is better deepfried like a twinkie, but here it was not soggy and served right away.Waffle with fruit- yummy and simple comfort. UPDATE- 6/12/10 Got the Joe's Scramble (ground beef, spinach, cream cheese, melted cheese) this was simple and good, but not a favorite. Croissant French Toast- this was yummy, eggy, and buttery. It came with a nice spread of bananas, blueberries, blackberries, strawberries that were all very fresh. Overall has been pleasing service and food so will come whenever we actually wake up early enough to have brunch on weekends. This is definitely a favorite breakfast spot....Yummy and I'm not that big on breakfast really.UPDATE 10/24/10Got the Ole Benedict. Still yummies. Still my favorite. Service is consistently very good and friendly. Quality breakfast is a real treat when you're a night person and today we woke up early enough to come before they close.
1	We had heard the place was remarkable. The place was packed.  Recovering from a bachelor's party from the night before (don't let your mind wander - it was playing Super Mario Bros. in Mount Charleston until our eyes bled), we needed a place to sober up, but we only had an hour before we had to head off to work.When we walked in, we told our hostess this time constraint.Her reply?  "Oh, that shouldn't be a problem."So what our hostess didn't tell us, after seating 4 additional smaller parties, that there was a boisterous wedding brunch on the other side of the restaurant and that our table would be greeted after the (one of two) servers was finished taking their order.So they failed to communicate, but we'll have to deal.  After all, we had heard the place was remarkable.After 23 minutes without a "Hello," and a waiter serving all four of those parties sat after us, the five of us started to get up - it's not a dine and ditch if you don't receive anything.  Only then did a waiter (casually chatting with a cook) dashed madly to our table looking suddenly concerned.We rattled our requests off, and 40 minutes later we got our food.  I do remember the food being above par (after all, we had heard the place was remarkable), but the service left such a bad taste in our mouth, I will not step foot in the location again.Small cups and no refills didn't help.Short-staffed?  Sure.  But we would liked the heads-up on that one before we sat down under a time crunch.After all, we had heard the place was remarkable.  Stay away.
5	A great place to get fresh home cooked food. I love their coffee cake!!!
4	Still my breakfest place choice maybe I'm partial since I live close by but Ive been to all the egg, omelet, maple places and still always prefer this place food is always solid and fresh tasting never had anything bad only thing service is kinda lax after the breakfest rush I always go around 11
3	Such a small place with a very awkward layout, but the food was yummy. Hubby and I had to kill some time so decided to pop in here for a quick bite. We both ordered the two egg breakfast, I got toast and home fries while he went with the hash browns and coffee cake. OMG the coffee cake was so FLUFFY! It's more like regular cake but it was warm and crumbly and the highlight of the meal. While the place is tiny I noticed they had at least four servers working at the time. Even so service was only OK. If I'm in the area I'd give them another try. Bonus that they have orange marmalade.
3	My friend swore this was the best place ever for breakfast, true it is good and it does have some signature breakfasts, but the service is hit or miss...  sometimes you will get quick refills on coffee, other times you will sit there with an empty cup...  I still go frequentlyMy biggest complaint.. the price.. 2 eggs and some bacon shouldn't be anywhere near 6 bucks in my opinion...  there are good deals on the menu and bad ones..   I guess it depends on what you are in the mood for...Oh and military discount???  Yeah you have to be in uniform to get it.. who in there right mind is going to be wearing their uniform on the weekend, and what does it matter if you are in uniform or not?!?!If you go on the weekend, make sure you get there early, all the late nighters looking to cure a hangover will get there around 10 ish and the wait will be long, early yelper gets the worm!
4	Nice menu with lots of unique options. Breakfast is so good. I love the variety of coffee cakes (they make them fresh every morning). They have a bunch of really good salads too. I have yet to have anything ordinary or so so at the cracked egg.
4	Met a business associate here for a breakfast meeting the other day.  I rarely come to this Cracked Egg location, but it was convenient at the time.I ordered the Short Stack (2 giant Pankcakes).  They were very good, as usual.  The Cracked Egg rarely disappoints.  This location was very busy when we were here on a Friday morning.  However, the server kept up with the craziness and we were well taken care of.  We also took our time since we were there to discuss business matters....not once were we felt unwelcome because we were taking our time.Overall, great service, great food.Will I return?  You bet.
3	Pretty decent!Typical breakfast food.......omelets, scrambles, bacon and eggs, pancakes, etc.The highlights:~PUMPKIN walnut coffee cake.......moist and fluffy!~Build your own skillets........ingenious!~Lots of booths.  I'm not a table and chair kinda girl.My complaints:~The coffee tasted stale and it wasn't really HOT.~My husband and I weren't greeted or even acknowledged for about 10 minutes after being sat.........NO BUENO!~The set up of the restaurant at this particular location is pretty poor......front door, hostess stand, people waiting/people eating all in the same small area.  CLAUSTROPHOBIA!
3	I have had mixed opinions on this restaurant for a number of reasons. The good: The country fried steak and eggs are delicious! The portion is huge and the piece of country fried steak keeps it's crunchy composure when covered in the gravy. Omelets- I haven't eaten a bad omelet here. The options are endless and all get served with nice fluffy eggs and those scrumptious fried potatoes! The service- Is always top notch. Drinks are always refilled and you never have to wait 30 minutes for a check. The not-so-good: Eggs Benedict- I once ordered this entree and the piece of ham had a huge piece of cartilage in it. It spanned across half of the piece of ham. It was so unappetizing that it took me almost 6 months to return here to eat. The long wait time- If you are unfortunate enough to get here after 9am on a weekend or on a holiday, be prepared to wait. I have waited in excess of 30 minutes for a table of 2. I attribute the long wait to the lack of non-IHOP breakfast joints in the Centennial Hills area. We need an omelet house over here!
5	Yes Please and THANK YOU!!!  Friendly service, reasonable prices, EXCELLENT BREAKFAST!!!!  Oh My... I so LOVE the Chile Verde Rancheros!!!  Their menu has a great variety and I keep wanting to try new things but I CRAVE this dish and cant seem to venture out yet.  A ceramic skillet of corn tortilla topped with Chile Verde, black beans, eggs and jack cheese topped with sour cream with a side of potato of your choice; hash browns or seasoned potatoes.  I normally prefer the seasoned potatoes but theirs arent all that fantastic.  I think their hash-browns are much better.  My hubby orders the Benedict Ole and swears by it!!  Whatever you choose to order, I am sure you will not be disappointed.  This place is usually full of people no matter what day of the week it is so that should say something!  Definitely my Saturday morning breakfast place!
3	This place seem small and a bit confusing. Its in an area that you usually won't find a sit down restaurant. I guess its an okay location, but it looks like a place would be fitting for retail stores like Radio Shack or GNC. Doesn't really fit very well, but it is a nice place. Inside was a bit decent, a bit roomy and seems clean. When we did get to our booth, we did find it odd that one side is roomy then the other side of the booth. The staff seem kind of nice. The one who sat us down in our booth, didn't seem to happy. But the waitress that took our order was upbeat. The busser on the other hand, had issues. I'm sure there are a softer way to put dishes in a bucket, instead of making clanging sounds, to the point where it irritates our ears and makes us twitch every time he drops a plate in the bucket. So that was kind of annoying, either he doesn't know how to be gentle with dishes, or he's not really happy that he has to make the dishes clang and make us twitch. Uncool, unprofessional, and uncalled for. The only thing that's making this okay, is the food, the nice setting and the waitress being nice. Otherwise I would of probably experience better if the staff look like they didn't want to work. The food on the other hand, I really enjoyed. Had the steak and eggs and cooked to my satisfaction. So I give the cooks a very good recognition as well. I guess, if you don't mind some of the staff being unhappy and there for the food. Then I would recommend it. Otherwise, I would try something else, if you want to be in a more upbeat kind of place that won't make you feel uncomfortable.
2	Oh no, a breakfast place that doesn't know how to make an omelet?  For shame.  Oh no, a restaurant staff that doesn't care if you enjoyed your meal, even worse.  It's really too bad because the first time I went here the place was decent, it's why I decided to make a return trip, even though it's not technically in my 'hood.  I had the coffee cake again and though it is pretty good it's not good enough to have to throw the rest of the meal away.  I had the omelet with all the meats thrown in because it sounded awesome.  Good in theory with poor execution.  Instead of fluffy folded eggs it was basically cracked eggs with meat loaded into in and all scrambled up in a round shape.  You'd think it wouldn't matter but it was burnt and tasted just awful.  What was worse, when I went to pay and was asked how my meal was, I was honest.  I got a shrug and an ho hum, oh well.  I won't be back.
5	Amazing Down home cooking!! Great coffee and friendly service-def a new hangout spot
5	Loooove The Cracked Egg!  My go-to breakfast place EVERY time.  You get coffee cake or toast with your breakfast dish... the coffee cake is usually phenomenal!  It's just dependent upon my mood.  They've had the same people working there for a while now and now that I think of it... I don't believe I've EVER had a bad experience with my service.  Whether that be waiting on refills, waiting on food, the way I was treated.  I know most people love hash browns... but TRY the seasoned potatoes!  They are amazing!  Sooo good, the seasoning is to die for... a great addition to any dish.  I've tried skillets, omelettes, scrambles, sandwiches.... and have never been disappointed.  The only time I didn't absolutely looove something was when it wasn't something that I normally wouldn't go for anyway.  All in all, it's definitely worth checking out if you have never been here.
2	I was really looking forward to a good breakfast, and assumed this place was owned by the same people as The Egg and I, but the menus are not the same, so I think they are just trying to use similar fonts on the sign.  Anyway...not impressed at all.  The prices were very high for breakfast, and the food was not great.  The fillings for my omelet were diced so finely that they were hard to find, and the cheese was just sprinkled on top, so it wasn't a very cheesy omelet.  The seasoned potatoes tasted like frozen potatoes cooked up with some seasoning put on them, a little too chewy.  My husband wasn't happy with his meal either.  Everything was basically rather bland.  The service was friendly and prompt, so no complaints there.     I already have plenty of favorite breakfast places, and unfortunately this one didn't hit the mark.
3	I had the croissant French toast topped with fresh berries and bananas. That was really, really, good. It was so unique. My friend had the peanut butter stuffed French toast which wasn't so good. Too much peanut butter, it stuck to the roof of my mouth. The coffee was weak like they are trying to save money on coffee grounds. Don't waste your money on coffee here!        Their coffee cake that comes with some of their breakfast entrees left something to be desired. It tasted ok but was too dry. I liked the chocolate chips in them though but still too dry for me. Hey chef - add some sour cream to the batter. It would help with the texture!        My BF had the Joe's scramble with hash browns. The scramble was really good but the hash browns were ok.         All in all I thought this place was ok. The service was good and I would go back just to get the croissant French toast. It was sooooo good! It beats going to an IHOP any day.
5	To trash this place is to not understand what a good breakfast place is. The wait proves their worth and the dishes are prepared to perfection. The only real downside is showing up late on the weekend. And the OJ is not unlimited refill. All in all, one of the best in town especially with the local coupons which are usually B1G1
4	The Cracked Egg is a great Mom and Pop Brunch Cafe with a few locations in town. They have the BEST Biscuits and Gravy I have ever had. The Croissant French Toast is good as well as their omelets. They have decent prices and good old fashioned comfort food that keeps me coming back. However, I find it quite annoying that most of their dishes don't come with a choice of sausage or bacon and it cost an arm and a leg to order it on the side. Their bacon and sausage on the side costs more than buying it at a grocery store! Seriously, they are cheap meat so I don't see why they charge so much. I like sweet and salty meals. I just can't have one without the other. A girl needs her protein.
3	Decent breakfast with okay service. I had the cakes and eggs today. The eggs were a bit overcooked, the bacon was cooked perfectly, and the pancakes were a bit tough. It took about 5-10 minutes to get served and the water refills weren't that speedy. I was never asked how my breakfast was until I was given the check.
5	This was our first experience here. We arrived on a Saturday morning around 7 and beat the normal crowds we have seen seated on the benches outside the restaurant.  We had a 4-year-old and 4-month-old with us, so we are always on edge about how eating out will be. The staff was friendly and efficient. They brought our older son his pancakes out first so he could get started (always appreciated!).  Food was excellent- crunchy hash browns, melt-in-your-mouth chocolate chip pancakes, amazing Mexican-style Eggs Benedict, and juicy A-1 Steak Scramble. Definitely will make this a monthly excursion!
5	This is my favorite breakfast joint in town.  The bacon is juicy, the eggs are fresh, the hash browns aren't overcooked, and the pancakes are always plump.  The line can get long - try sitting at the "bar" for a quick seat.
5	My daughter and I eat breakfast here once a week.The service is fast and friendly (even if they are busy, it's worth a short wait).The food is absolutely excellent and I love the warm atmosphere.
3	We went early (8AM) for Sunday breakfast ( family of 7).  There was certainly plenty of food ( but is quantity better than quality?).I had Tropical French Toast.  Too much toast too little flavor.Hubby had Cheeseburger and Bacon Skillet...just toooo much.Kids had a variety of eggs and toast etc... nothing tremendously exciting.Only drinks were orange juice for 3/7 and the bill was $88 with tip.Service was satisfactory ( not outstanding).The place became quite busy by 9AM and would certainly be standing room by 10AM.Can't give a bad review, all the food was OK and there was alot.  BUT not a place I would go to week after week.The coffee cake ( tasted my sons) was good but not the best I ever tasted( a little dry).
5	Really gooooood(:
5	Best breakfast in town!  Love the warm coffee cake.
4	I thought Cracked Egg was great. Awesome variety and really good food. The service wasn't anything to write home about, but nothing to complain about either. My husband had the peanut butter stuffed french toast, which was tasty but became too sweet to finish. I had the chile verde rancheros. I will definitely order this again, but it was a portion large enough for me to skip lunch because I was still full. We also shared the coffee cake based on recommendations on Yelp, and I would skip it next time. Tasted like a cake mix...Expect to wait on the weekends, but I thought worth it.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. I've probably been here more times than I can remember.The layout of the restaurant is a bit weird. I like sitting in the section off to the side rather than where the door is. The front section is a bit cavernous and feels "warehousey" I am aware this is not a word, but it seems like the best description. Despite that, I am willing to tolerate it cause the food is good.I think my favorite dish here is the Chicken Fried Steak. Smothered in country gravy and served with your choice of  eggs, potatoes and toast. The steak is nicely breaded, superbly crispy and mouthwateringly yummy. I like to step it up a notch and sub the toast for biscuits with even more gravy. And of course I like scrambled eggs (when I like eggs) and the seasoned potatoes. My second "usual" is the Monte Cristo. You know the saying, "stick to what you're used to." I should have heeded that one morning. I tried their raspberry french toast. Eww. Not happy. Not sweet. So unappetizing to me that I barely made it through one slice. Their presentation is a bit lacking but really what can I say. As far as local breakfast places go, I'm usually not in it for the presentation. Heck, most of the time I'm not even awake enough to appreciate it.The portions are pretty generous and the service is quick and friendly. My bf likes it, I like it. The hot chocolate is good. All in all, a win win place for me.
3	I thought Cracked Egg was very good, but not great. Good variety and good food. The service wasn't anything to write home about, but nothing to complain about either. I had the peanut butter stuffed french toast, which was tasty but became too sweet to finish. My wife had the chile verde rancheros. She said she will definitely order this again, but it was a portion large enough for her to skip lunch because she was still full. We also shared the coffee cake based on recommendations on Yelp, and I would skip it next time. Tasted like a cake mix...Expect to wait on the weekends, and note that the prices are a little high for a breakfast place, but not crazy. We'll probably come back, just not every weekend.
1	This was the second time my parents and I tried this place. The first time the service was bad, we were ignored most of the time, and when we asked for something we were given attitude. After the meal I complained to the manger and he offered us two free breakfasts if we came back. So it's been 6 months and we decided to try again. Sad to say it wasn't any better. We were given a booth up front so I thought we would have more attention. Nope it's a thursday morning they were not busy, and my father and I only got a refill once on our coffee. We didn't even see the waitress until the food was delivered. The prices were high for the quality you got as well. Never going back to that location. If I'm going to pay that much I would rather go to JAMMS. At leaset you are taken care of and are met by friendly people.
5	Great place! Great food and great service. I loved this place. Its small yeah, but I don't mind. I really liked it. We went for lunch on a Saturday and it wasn't very busy , so we walked right in and sat down. You have a choice of sitting at a counter ( thats right a real cafe counter) or at tables. Four of us had 2 Monte Cristo sandwhiches (thanks Yelpers for the tip that they served these here - hadn't had one in many a day) ( and no , were not big eaters) They were great, service was great, definitely will come back and in fact this is my new favorite place to eat lunch.
4	I've made two trips here. First time with my husband, we came on a Saturday morning and sat outside. I got Tori's tortilla with turkey sausage subbed for the chorizo. I got the coffee cake which was good..I was expecting something denser but it was super light-textured. Another  yelper suspected a cake mix but I bake a lot and it seemed house-made legit. My husband got French toast and eggs...I had a bite of his French toast and it was good. My burrito was excellent...packed with veggies and scrambled eggs and cheese...I was super happy they have green Tabasco too. Second visit was with my mom on a weekday morning. We were seated quickly and were soon drinking coffee. We both ordered a special - sweet potato skillet with cranberry sausage and eggs. We also got coffee cake. Like the first time it was super fluffy and had a good flavor but I'll just get toast next time and save some calories for eggs and cheese ;)Skillets were good...I would have preferred more veggies and fewer sweet potatoes but I am a big veggie fan so take that Into account. I would have also liked something more acidic thrown into the mix so I ended up asking for my fave green tabasco again. Service was good, nice variety and good quality of ingredients. Next time I plan to try lunch.  They offer coupons every month on their website but make sure you check that out before you go as they need to be printed.
5	Good breakfast place, always seem busy, but service is great.  Cannot go wrong ordering anything on menu, it all is good.  We haven't been to this one before today, but its part of the "egg" chain, and every time we go, we are never disappointed. Today I got my usual omelet, the "califorina" with avocado, bacon, and cheese.  It was huge and cooked just perfectly.  Definitely will keep this on the breakfast list.
4	Wowza, this place is popular!Rolled up here on Saturday around 11:30am.  25 minute wait!  Luckily, it was an absolutely beautiful day and we had no problem waiting outside. :)When we were sat, we were greeted immediately by a guy taking our drink orders.  There were four of us and he promptly brought us our drinks (water, coffee and orange juice).We ordered:*Bacon & Eggs- scrambled eggs, a couple slices of bacon, seasoned potatoes and toast or coffee cake. ($8.25)-Three out of the four of us ordered this dish.  The eggs were nice and fluffy!  You get I think three pieces of bacon.  I'm more of a crispy bacon kind-of-person and these were a little "rare" for me, but my husband liked them!  The portion is HUGE!  In fact, I ate most of the eggs, two tiny pieces of the seasoned potatoes (which covered half of the plate), one piece of bacon and I was stuffed!*Build your own skillet: eggs, cheese & sausage ($9.25) and it comes with seasoned potatoes and toast or coffee cake.-My husband enjoyed his skillet, which again was a huge portion.  He LOVED the coffee cake which had caramel in it with a thin drizzle of icing on the top.  I wish I had room to try it- it looked yummy!I would definitely come back here.  I would love to try some of their "funky" dishes, if I had someone, err two other people, to share it with!Did I like it better than Egg Works?  I would have to give this place a second try before making that call...
4	My daughter and I went there on a weekday after 12 and still had a 15 minute wait.  But it was worth it.  The cake was brought right away and warm which was a nice touch.  Her egg croissant sandwich was big.  She couldn't eat it all.  My eggs with spinach and feta cheese was very good.  Can't comment on the potatoes, but daughter liked them.  I would give 5 stars but the coffee wasn't flavored.  Still I would recommend eating there!
4	It was one of the best I eat!
3	This place would get 5 stars if not for the biggest issue with the cracked egg...PRICES ARE WAY TOO HIGH!! I enjoy the food and it's always busy. The help is nice and courteous. The food is good but not expensive good. The can afford the prices thanks to the upper to high class homes right next door ;).
2	This place needs work...I'm sorry I tried twice and I'm afraid of coming back here after the last experience. The first time i came here with my sis and the guy, the food AND service was awful. I thought I'd give it another shot and I did-- and I don't know what the hell I was thinking. I should've left when the guy and I walked in and the place only had about 8 patrons including the both of us. We were seated and the lady seemed nice. Scanned the menu and looked at the prices, and it seemed pricier than the other breakfast places. Anyway, to make things short, we were seated, drink orders were taken, lady said she'd give us a couple of minutes--uh, more like forever. She even apologized she said she thought we were still looking at the menus, but really we were looking at our phones(YELPING..). The guy ordered steak and eggs(15 bucks) and I ordered two eggs(over easy) with a side of toast. Again, we waited. Not as long as we did earlier but it seemed like a while. THEN, the food came. Oh wait did I mention they "don't do medium rare steak orders" here. And it all made sense. The steak was bad! I mean it stank and it was old! Not to mention the fact that it made my bf sick. I should've told him to stop eating it when I smelled it. Uggh... And then came my eggs....how do you mess up eggs??!?!? Over easy--not sunny side up. Damn it cracked egg...I really wish we enjoyed this place as much as the others did. But really? I'm probably being  generous right now by giving them two stars.  I'm not sure if I would come back and try other things on the menu but if I did, it'll be a very long time.
5	My fav breakfast spot. I go at least once a week and I am picky but they know what I like and always get it rightTry the green scramble , eggs with chicken and peppers with a great verde sauce.
4	We had to take my car into the shop early on Saturday morning so we considered grabbing some breakfast in the area as well.  After checking my Yelp! bookmarks - I was happy to be reminded of the newer Centennial location of the Cracked Egg as we'd been going to the original Cheyenne location on and off for about 8 years now.This location is a lot less crowded with a shorter wait time and a much larger seating area - all decorated in a traditional country-kitsch motif.  I liked the fact that they have enough room to set the tables further apart here, it makes the space feels much more open and airy.  I'm a big fan of the Cracked Egg's Veggie Benny and it was equally as great here.  Two English muffins topped with spinach, poached eggs and hollandaise please - diet be damned!  I prefer my breakfast with hash browns rather than fried potatoes and they do a good job here - taking the time to let the outside get all nice and crispy while the inside remains soft and buttery (if there's one thing that makes me sad, it's undercooked hash browns).  The service was friendly, welcoming and efficient.  I'd definitely come back to this location again, even if it is a little farther from my house - just for the shorter wait.
5	This place is my new favorite breakfast place. We went there on a Saturday noon for brunch and had to wait for about minutes to get seated, which was totally worth the experience. This place seems to be very popular because all the seats were filled and everyone seemed to have a great time. The atmosphere is very casual and our server was super nice and attentive. The menu is large and you will have many choices of sandwiches, omelets, and traditional american breakfasts. I had the green omelet with chicken, broccoli and some other green goodness, Salsa Verde on the side and my choice of seasoned potatoes and sour dough toast. The portions were big and I couldn't believe that I finished all of my food.  I will definitely be back for more.
3	OK I like the place too.  But let's not go crazy.  The eggs are fresh, but they also seem to shy away from actually seasoning anything.  My egg sandwich (i forget their cute name for it) was good.  Bigger than it needed to be and served on a croissant.  They really should grill that croissant a little so it doesn't get so soggy.  The seasoned potatoes are good, but could be hotter in my opinion.The biggest problem with this place is the service.  After waiting for your table you are greeted by a server who seems entirely overburdened.  There is certainly no passion and for me that kind of ruins things for me.  After I wait 30 minutes for a table, I am excited to sit down and eat.  Having the serve kill that excitement is just disappointing.  Also, this is not the cleanest place I have eaten.  the booths are dirty and the place seems a little dingy.  The toilet was broken... but no one from the restaurant knew... nor when I told them.. did anyone care.  That's sort of how I feel.  I don't really care about this place and I think my days of waiting for a table here have come to an end.
4	After my yoga class with my gf, had a pretty decent breakfast here... I like the feel of the restaurant, laid back!!  Definitely will go back again!
4	Gets very crowded, but that's for a reason!
5	I've lived on the same side of town as this restaurant for the past 4 years and this was the first time I have tried it.  Boy was I missing out because the food was amazing!  I had a hard time choosing, but I settled on the Tropical French toast, three large slices of texas toast, battered and fried, topped with toasted coconut, macadamia nuts and bananas and served with a side of syrup.  My husband got a Monte Cristo which is a turkey, ham and swiss sandwich dipped in french toast batter and deep fried.  He also got a side of seasoned potatoes.  The service was great too and we can't wait to go back.  Maybe we'll even bring the kids with us next time.
4	I really like the food here, good customer service and clean.  Enjoyable experience, every time.
5	We go to lunch/brunch here almost every weekend... Best breakfast/brunch place we've found in Vegas...
4	At The Cracked Egg, I like the breakfast food better than the lunch food. You seem to get more bang for your buck with breakfast.  I love the pesto scramble.  The coffee cake is good too but it changes daily, so be warned.  If you get the local newspaper, Review Journal, you can find a coupon for BOGO meal.  Without this coupon, I wouldn't go there.  It's a little pricey for me esp. for breakfast.
2	Not all it's cracked up to be!  I'm not sure why this place gets such high marks when the service is horrible and the food just so-so.  Went to The Cracked Egg for breakfast with co-workers today and ordered the Big Bad Wolf omelet with sour dough toast, seasoned potatoes and coffee.  The omelet had no seasoning on it and was overcooked (dry).  Their "seasoned potatoes" are the frozen bagged stuff you can buy in any supermarket, I think I have a bag in my freezer at home.  The coffee was good, except when I asked for a warm up the waiter topped off my cup with cold coffee and made the half cup I already had colder. The service was terrible!  I had to get out of my seat twice to walk over and get the waiter for the table, as he took the orders and felt he was done.  For the price you pay, spend your money elsewhere!
1	This was a very dissapointing experience, we went there expecting to get a good breakfast and instead found another of those places that like to make you wait.  We could see three open tables and no crowd, but were told that we had to wait 15 minutes.  So...like other places...we left.  If you are nice, ask us to wait pleasantly, we might wait.  But not when there is no apparent reason!  Wake up!
4	Friendly staffGreat foodYummy variety of foodHomeyReasonably Priced
3	This is my favorite location out of the Cracked Eggs. Employees are nice.I ordered an omelet well and I swear it was runny white, But...they took it back and brought another that was perfect. Sometrimes you just gotta give people a break :)Since I had to wait when the other 5 in my party were eating. It would have been nice if they would of offered up a complimentary juice or something. Just a thought...I wish I would have remebered the waiters name...he was very nice, Buffed dude..shaved head.
4	This is one of my favorite places for breakfast, I visit 3x or more monthly...so let me explain the 4 stars.The food here is excellent! The menu has just the right amount of options, something to please everyone. What I like best is on my fat days I can come and pig out and when I am being good I can eat healthy and love my meal just as much. This is a rare feat for a restaurant. Servers here are great, never have I had bad service. This place also sends me discounts in the mail which I love. I also love the little details of this place, fresh flowers & I love the sign about the unattended children. AWESOME.The place is consistent that is for sure. However, with that said it is consistent in the ways it excels and also lacks. The reason for the 4 stars comes down to two things, the terrible hostesses and the coffee. The hostesses here are terrible. I don't think once ever in the 100 times I have visited has one of them ever smiled. It's a shame really. This place would get shoot 6 stars if they changed the coffee and got some smiley people greeters!
3	When I first heard of Cracked Egg, I immediately thought of another breakfast joint named Broken Yolk (San Diego, CA).  Breakfast at Broken Yolk is as good as it gets, but expensive, crazy busy and with long waits.  I expected the same here, but got the opposite. Wasn't busy for breakfast and food is decently priced.  However, another opposite is that the food was just okay, not great.  I expected Broken Yolk type servings and taste, but got more of IHOP/Denny's taste.  I'm not saying the food was horrible, it was just okay.  I had the Cheeseburger Meat Lover's Skillet.  Satisfying, but wasn't too far off from Denny's version.  Portion wasn't that big either, but not complaining about it since it wasn't over-priced. Service was just average as well.  Seated right away, but it took a little time for our orders to get taken.  Remember, it wasn't busy.  Also a little disappointed that my water wasn't filled until after I was done eating.  Will I be back?  I might if I'm in the area.  Nothing wrong with the Cracked Egg in my opinion, just not what I expected.  Average price, average taste.
2	Just ok. Overpriced, slow service and questionable portions.
5	The food was great and so was service
5	This is my favorite breakfast spot in the city. The food is great. I typically get the Joe's Scramble... eggs, ground beef, and cheese... oh my! The food is reasonably priced with a large breakfast and lunch selection. The service is always nice and the food comes out pretty fast. Of course like any good restaurant as it gets busy the service gets a little slow but for this place its not a problem. They still remain cool calm and pleasant under the pressure. My type of spot!I will most definitely be back!
4	This place reminds me of Babystacks because of the similar presentation of food and portions! Cracked Egg's menu, though, is a bit bigger (not inferior though!) It's a breakfast/lunch place open from 6am-2pm Monday-Friday and 6am-3pm Saturday and Sunday.We came here on Saturday around lunchtime. It felt a bit weird when we saw a $5 bill at our table when we got seated. Of course, we assumed that it was for the waiter and that it had been from a previous visitor. When our waiter came, he surreptitiously slipped it in his pocket. Haha no worries. Our drink runner was nice, but I got the feeling she was a bit inexperienced (e.g. spilling drinks, telling us she need to clear our table in order for use to be seated). Not a big deal though.The menu came with plenty of add-on options and pretty exhaustive menu full of breakfast/lunch choices like skillets, make-your-own skillets, burgers, sandwiches, and even just the simple stuff like eggs and omelets. Definitely fun to check out.I got the Huevos Rancheros and my boyfriend got the Mexican skillet. The eggs were intertwined with the flurry of cheese, jalapenos, beans, salsa, and giant dollop of sour cream on top. It comes with your choice of hash browns or seasoned potatoes. I got the seasoned potatoes which came in its own dish of small cubed potatoes poised perfectly in spices and fried. A bit crunchy on the outside, but soft on the inside. The dish was definitely LDL-cholesterol-inducing. But whatever, I'm here to eat and cure post-First Friday regrettable drinking habits.At first I thought their portions were small, but that was just the presentation. Our skillets came in sleek oblong casserole bowls served on white plates so it kind of fooled me for a second there. By the end of the meal I was dying to finish the last bite. I felt it was perfectly portioned and tasty too! It had this "home-cooked" feeling to it and completely savory, mouth-wateringly good. Surprisingly, my Huevos Rancheros wasn't doused in grease like I was expecting it to be, (haha like that's still any better for you at all) so I wasn't chomping down on anything oily. And my plate WASN'T dripping with fatty oil on the bottom like at Denny's. Adds to the quality of the food for sure. It's the little things you have to think about that sets the joint apart.This place is a step-up in quality and taste from your usual Denny's and IHOPs for your usual prices ($5-$14ish). Of course at your local Denny's there's that sexy super value menu for that quick bite, but hey, this is yelp and you want a quality breakfast/lunch locale off the beaten path right? It's worth a venture that's a great restaurant--clean and courteous. Service was attentive for me! Make sure to sign up for their loyalty card service if you plan on frequenting! There's some perks involved and why not? I know I'm definitely coming back here.
2	I got the stuffed raspberry french toast here, and an omelet, after hearing how great it was, and how cheap. Yeah, there is a reason they don't have their prices online. It was around 10 dollars for their 'stuffed' french toast. Let me tell you what stuffed means to them. It means two slices of toast with some kind of cream cheese filling spread in them. And where does the raspberry come from? The five raspberries they throw on top of it. But I could look past this, I guess, as their way of making stuffed french toast. I surely don't expect something like Ihop, since this is suppose to be 'home cooked meals'. But when your stuffing is so miniscule it's like you spread a small amount of butter on toast, it is very disappointing.Then came the omelet with the hash browns. It wasn't great. Not bad. But not medium either. The potatoes were ok, then again you shouldn't be able to mess that up, but the omelet was just....eh, I guess is the only reaction I had to it. For the prices and hype this place gets, I can't believe the food I got. I might give it another try, if I had a coupon or something, but other than that, I really would pass on it.
2	I wouldnt say that its a bad place, but it certainly does not live up to the hype or 30+ minute wait on a Sunday morning.Service was lacking and while they were busy, I made eye contact with our waiter several times while he stood around chatting with the other staff. We received only one drink refill (which was long before our food arrived) and had to wait at least 15 minutes after finishing for our check.I had the "country benny" (biscuts and gravy with a poached egg) which was bland and tasteless. Making matters worse was the fact that it must have sat out for a long time while my wife's food was prepared - cold and the breakfast potatoes (uninspired but decent enough) were soggy.I am not the type to send food back, but I would have had our waiter bothered to stop by.I was impressed that the front staff seemed to actually care when I responded honestly to the standard, "How was it?" during checkout. They offered to get the manager and I'm sure would have made it right, but I had already decided not to return.For Denny's it would be acceptable, but for nearly $15 a plate and an hour wait? I think not.
4	Great food. Must get the coffee cake. Great service. A bit pricey, but they offer a reward card where you can earn points to get a coupon. Would highly recommend.
1	Very unprofessional front of the house staff. The girl who answers the phone was unbelievable "hello" that's it.wow. And they only take call ahead for parties of 8 or more.  We showed up anyway (we're a party of 6) and put our name on the list...35 min wait. While waiting we watch the hostess seat a party of 3 at a table big enough to seat 10. Who's bright idea was this. We've eaten many this in the past and never encountered this lack of professionalism. This place has been lacking big time since owners changed!!! Stupidest thing REALLY!
4	Good food and very fast service......tho it is a little pricey I will go there again.
3	I came in around 12:45pm on 5/9/13 for a late breakfast with my husband. He ordered French toast and I ordered basic eggs & bacon with hash browns. The orange juice we ordered was indeed "fresh squeezed" just like the menu indicated but the food was average at best. I was slightly put off when I saw the hostess/server on her phone multiple times during our meal but more put off because our server was nowhere to be found during this time. I was disappointed because this place is so close to my house. I will go back on a different day of the week and try again.
4	Would have given it 5stars but, it wasn't a place I need to return to tomorrow.I read all the other reviews before we went in. My husband and I went for breakfast on Sunday. We had a 20 minute wait.The staff was friendly enough, nothing to exceed customer service standards, but met my expectations.(keep in mind I've been the Gm at a national chain restaurant for 10 years). The server greeted us after being seated for 4 minutes. We gave our beverage and food order. Two coffees, 2waters, chille Verde rancheros/seasoned potatoes, big bad wolf omelette w/hashbrowns & SD toast. Drinks came quickly. Coffee tasted like coffee, after all its not a "coffee shop". Server came by the table 3 times to warm up our coffee before we received our food. Our order took 22 minutes to reach our table. Acceptable, considering the restaurant volume and the fact that we had ordered"specialty items", as opposed to eggs & toast. My chille  Verde rancheros was AMAZING! The pork was tender and juicy, the sauce had excellent flavor. I will be returning for this dish. My husband was hesitant about the omelette due to yelpers reviews. He went for it. The big bad wolf omelette was delicious. It was thoroughly cooked not dry. I'll be back, I want to try the country Benedict.
4	Place is packed, I got in in about 15 min. Tori's Tortilla was was super great. I will definitely come back.
4	Not many places are open after i get off work at 5:30am, but this place is!  Always used to pass it on my way to my old job but never thought about trying it. I ate there the other day and the food was amazing! The service there is also very good. The atmosphere is relaxing, the last thing i want to hear after a long night of work is loud music and yelling. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone, the menu choices all sound delicious! Minus 1 star for price. I don't like paying 3 dollars for a glass of milk, when i can get a gallon for that price
2	Food is decent, close to our house. I would give it a higher rating but my water glass and coffee cups remain empty most of the time. It's hard to get the waiter's attention for refills. Also, I can't believe they only give military discounts if the member is in uniform. Evidently a government issued ID card isn't enough. We've tried this place several times but from now on I'll drive an extra 15 mins to 'that other egg place in town' where their clever little egg sign allows waiters and waitresses to know when you need something. Oh yeah, and there a military ID card is enough to get a discount anytime.
5	Eggs Benedict are amazing!
4	Home from home, between my husband and I we probably visit 5 times per week. Food is always great, good down to earth fresh food with a twist!  The staff are wonderful too many to mention but everyone from Diana and Kevin the  wait staff to  Brandon at the front are always a joy. The kitchen staff have even seen me park the car and started my regular order. The only reason they re getting 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the attitude of the owner! The only person who greeted me surly when behind the front desk, and then I noticed he was curt with the staff. Other regulars noted it too! He was so unusual I checked who he was!With such wonderful staff, maybe you should take care of them!!!
4	I'm a breakfast junkie. If runny eggs and pancakes were a drug I would be serving a life prison sentence right now and cooking contraband fried eggs with my moonshine.I've known the Cracked Egg was there, but I was sticking to what I knew. Alternatives in the area include the stellar fine dining of IHOP or Mimi's Cafe. I'm pretty sure those two places also serve as alternatives for nursing home field trips on the weekends. We actually tried the Cracked Egg on the recommendation of a friend, which is funny since we don't actually have any friends. That is how good it is. I like the portions and the food is much higher quality than IHOP. You can literally taste chicken suffering in IHOP's eggs, so the eggs with slightly fewer injected hormones are refreshing and appreciated by both my digestive system and my delicate pallet. The food has been good every time I've visited the Cracked Egg. They also have a rewards card you can get and add to your ridiculous reward card collection, and they will send you a pretty good $8 coupon each month. It actually turns out cheaper than another breakfast place even without the coupon. And I enjoy it more, so it's a win either way. Except for my digestive system because it doesn't know me and it doesn't understand my life.I gave 4 stars instead of 5 only because their service is sometimes on the "ignoring you" level of bad. I expect a minimum of mediocre service every time because I am such a demanding customer and stuff.
1	Ordered the veggie Benny and husband had the big bad wolf. Watched food sit in the window for just over three minutes while server was chatting with a colleague. Food was not seasoned with the exception of the cayenne the server added while still in the window. Eggs were not poached properly. In the interest of time, informed server but did not want meal remade. A sever that overheard me came over and argued with me, then my server came back and argued with me as well. I find it distasteful when servers argue with a customer in any circumstance. I was appalled that I was treated this way considering I did not request a new meal, a discount or even an apology. Will not return.
4	This is my goto breakfast spot. It's also on my "When they come from out of town go here" list.  Kind of small so sometimes the wait is longer than I like but the grub is top notch and so is the service.  They could use some upholstery upgrades in some of the booths.  Boney butts will not be happy in the main dining room.  That's where one of my stars went. Aside from that this place rocks.
3	The wifey and I love getting breakfast on Sunday morning.  I don't know, something about it seems envigorating, like getting ready for the next week.We in Las Vegas have no shortage of breakfast places to indulge at to carry on our day.  The Cracked Egg is located right off of Ann Road, right across the street from the nearby Yogurtland and Walgreens.  Real close to the Centennial area.The Cracked Egg has been voted best of Las Vegas on three different years.  So yes, especially on a weekend the restaurant is bustling with patrons needing their morning cup of joe.  The kitchen is hopping, and the smell of bacon and eggs can be quite intoxicating to the senses.  The menu at The Cracked Egg is quite diverse, covering a whole realm of breakfast and lunch staples.  Lots of egg dishes (yeah you bodybuiding protein lovers), and lots of fresh ingredients.  You have scrambled egg dishes like the 'North Shore Scramble' which comes with bacon, tomatoes, onions, jack & cheddar cheese, and sour cream.  You have your Eggs Benedict plates, a common staple in most breakfast eateries.  There's breakfast choices like French Toast and pancakes on the ready.  You have your skillets like 'The Chili Skillet' which comes with chili, onions, and cheese.  Seems their big seller is omelettes which they call 'Fluffy & Folded', they crank a lot of these out of the kitchen.  That day we tried 'The Greek' which came with spinach, tomatoes, and feta cheese.  Most dishes come with either seasoned potatoes or hash browns (which I love well done), and your choice of toast or coffee cake.In summary, the food is OK.  I mean the omelette was good, the hash browns were good, and the coffee cake was pretty darn tasty.  But I dunno, I just don't see paying around $9 for this.  In fact, a lot of the dishes just seemed a tad overpriced.  Call it the economy, call it inflation, it just seems damn expensive!  Maybe it's because I can see myself at home making a similar dish without much fuss.  I do like how the food looks mostly fresh, and appreciate the cooks since making an egg right is one of the hardest things to do.  The service was great, our waiter kept our coffee cups full and our water glasses topped off.  Even on this busy day, which in itself is a feat.  Nice guy, lots of energy, and good with holding multiple plates of food.  A necessary skill!The Cracked Egg is also open for lunch, and that menu looked pretty good.  There's sandwiches like 'The Club' with turkey, ham, bacon, swiss, avocado, mayo, lettuce, and tomato on wheat.  Or salads like 'The Cobb' with chicken, bacon, ham, cheese, bleu cheese, avocado, hard boiled egg, tomatoes, and croutons.  I love me a club sandwich so this I may have to try if I ever go back.  They also have burgers too.  Same thing though, almost $10 for a lunch item is a bit high in my book for what you are getting.They also have a new gluten free menu for those of you with this sensitivity.  That alone takes a lot of breakfast places out of the running, and having an entire menu for folks with gluten sensitivity probably helps ramp up business a bit. I like The Cracked Egg but it's not one of the places I think of first when I want a hearty breakfast at a tiny price.  This place borders more on the gourmet side.  I'm happy as a clam with two scoops of hot rice, two eggs over easy, and two slices of SPAM!  So what do I know??
3	This location is a bit smaller than the 215/Rainbow one we used to go to, but didn't have to wait very long (no more than 15-20) minutes walking in on Sunday a.m. around 9:30.  Service is timely and friendly, the food is typical breakfast food and it came out in a timely manner.  The coffee cake smells wonderful, but more like a fluffy cake than a danish type of coffee cake. It is delicate and crumbles easy. $40 for 3 of us....would do without the coffee cake next time.
1	We had a party of 6 and was told it would be 15 minutes for a seat. As we waited I watched 3 or 4 parties of 6&7 seated before us. When we nicely asked what was going on the ignorant host snapped at us and we walked out. They have horrible customer service skills. We used to frequent the Cracked Egg often. We will not be eating there any longer. Just because your busy and have high volume that's no excuse for snippy attitudes. Learn how to speak to customers. 0 stars.
4	This is our regular weekend breakfast joint. I really love the make your own skillets. Even if it weren't close to my house I think I would make the trip just for those seasoned potatoes! They are a must try.
3	Croissant french toast was nothing better than regular french toast. In fact I like it less because the croissant is smashed completely flat and is actually dense with very little flavor. The coffee cake is usually the saving grace, but not this time. We got the last two pieces according to our server, and they were very dry and kinda tough. This was.the only.time of many that I left there disappointed.
4	I like the cracked egg, great tradional american breakfast.Hae been here 4 times and will be back.Its worth driving out to (not that far).Get off the strip, explore Vegas there are quite a few great placeslike the Cracked Egg.
3	A little on the pricy side. 9.00 for eggs and baconI decided to stop by here to try something different.  I got tired of eating the same thing over and over again.  I got seated right away which was awesome since i was on my lunch hour.  Imagine my surprise when I saw the sticker price on the items.  9.00 for eggs and bacon.  The bacon was extra crispy just as i like it but i don't think i can justify spending that much money on just eggs and bacon.  The food was good but the price was just too high.
4	Only downside is it's always busy. We had to wait 20 minutes on a Saturday morning. Food is good, and service is great. We had Lisa and she checked in on us numerous times. Will be returning!
4	Wide selection of breakfast/brunch items- anything your heart desires from your standard scramble, to omelet, or even breakfast skillet. Everything is pretty standard though, nothing to make this place unique. I would say that the quality is better than IHOP or Denny's but sometimes the wait isn't worth it. This specific location is a little on the small side, so we had to wait about 30 mins to be seated on a Saturday morning. Coffee cake is good :) Very moist with blueberries. And it's included with your meal. Yum.
5	Loved the biscuit and gravey with poached egg...omg so good. Service was fast and food was hot. Cant ask for anything better.
2	just left the restaurant...overpriced mediocre food and lackluster service...would not recommend and won't go back.
1	Very mediocre and overpriced. The breakfast potatoes are Sysco. That pretty much says it all.
4	This place is very cozy and has friendly service. The wait time hasn't been that bad the times I've been here. I usually get the eggs Benedict. Their hollandaise sauce is very good. The corned beef hash is my boyfriends usual choice and he loves it. It's become one of our regular breakfast places.
5	We've been coming here for a few years and have never been disappointed. Excellent food and service even when it's packed on Sunday at brunch-time. A great place for golfers to grab a bite to eat, since it's adjacent to Painted Desert golf course.
1	Since I moved Vegas have heard about this place. Gave it try today. Was very disappointed. Place is overhyped, mediocre food. Won't be going back.
4	Solid but slightly pricey. Lacks environment. Better than the big breakfast franchises (in Nevada anyway) as far as food. First time hit it home for me. Helpful and warm staff. I will visit many times I'm sure!
4	I thoroughly enjoyed my food at The Cracked Egg. The wait was a little long for how many tables they have in the restaurant. It looked like they had too many couples at booths and larger tables. My boyfriend and I were placed in a booth. Otherwise...My Huevos Rancheros was so delicious! My boyfriend got the Chile Verde Rancheros. The pork looked amazing and my boyfriend couldn't even finish it all. I might be a fatty but I devoured the hell out of my huevos rancheros. So hard to resist the urge to gorge with amazing food set in front of me.As far as the hash browns, I won't be getting them again. The seasoned potatoes that my boyfriend got were delightful and I tried not to eat them all. I will definitely be getting them in the future! I just hope that the line isn't as long as it was the first time we went. Good food is worth it though. :)
1	Usually this place is good. My wife found a long black hair in her ranch dressing and not only did they not comp the meal my wife was unable to eat but we didn't get so much as an apology. Probably won't be back.  Service was poor considering there weren't that many costumers.
3	Visited this morning for breakfast and were seated right away.  The service was excellent, but the food was fair.  My Big Bad Wolf omelet was actually tough, you almost had to cut the eggs with a knife.  The potatoes were well seasoned, but very dry.  My wife ordered ONE banana/walnut pancake, and she loved it.  Problem is; the dang thing cost $5.50 for a single, small pancake.  Overall, just average.
5	This place just feels like home. In every good way possible. I have been going here for years and I won't stop any time soon. The food is great.. Breakfast AND Lunch! The reason I go back, is the service. It's the same employees time after time with wonderful service. They remember you, sometimes your order. They don't rush you on busy days. The food is always out in no time at all! Order the kicking potatoes with 2 scrambled eggs in top and a side of salsa and sour cream. You won't regret it.
4	Been here a few times recently, consistently good food and good service. Today I tried the the Country Benedict and it was great. Whenever we are in the area looking for a good breakfast we return.
4	Reasonable prices but a little higher than chain restaurants you see across the country.  The coffee cake is sinful and tasty.  Breakfast & lunch menu but only until 2p, by the time I think to come here, they are already closed.  Too bad.
5	The best breakfast place in las vegas! It is really busy but thats because it is so good. They are always fast and friendly. The best food ever!! I am addicted to this place. You won't regret going here for breakfast. It is worth the wait.
3	Had the chance to eat here for a breakfast/brunch.  The location is excellent by Ann Road and 95.  The interior was clean and had a lot of the traditional welcoming breakfast place type feel.  The service was excellent.  A coffee cup never went empty and the waitress took a lot of special requests.I would say the breakfast food here is good, but does not separate itself in any way shape or form from what you could get at any other breakfast place in the valley.  Sometimes there is something to be said for simplicity and I can respect that.  I'm not asking that the menu become some fusion high end kitchen.  The chicken friend steak was not very crisp, which for me is the make or break point for a chicken fried steak.  The gravy was good, but lacked that extra bit of flavor to set it apart.All that being said, this is a great place to go if you want a simple, traditional breakfast place.  This place is great for the traditional east coast tastebuds and preferences.
3	This place is just ok. Not bad but I haven't had anything that has really stood out.  I get the Denver omelette. It's alright but I wish they would put more cheese on it and also put the cheese inside the omelette rather than just on top. It doesn't seem as cheesy when they put it on top and I like all the ingredients inside to be a part of the gooey cheesiness...but I guess that might just be my personal preference :) putting some more meat in there wouldn't hurt either. I feel like they really skimped on the meat.  There were times, where it felt like I was just eating a veggie scramble.
3	The service has lacking today... Waited almost 10mins for our side order of ham... Even longer for our bill... Food was great as always though.
1	This is a chain restaurant.  Been to another location with a better dining experience.  I don't mind waiting for a table, but I do expect decent food and service.  The wait was over 30 minutes.  We weren't told that the counter was first come, first serve however. I guess not too bad for mid-Saturday morning.  The waitress was extremely rushed.  I asked if the corned beef hash was chunks or minced.  She said small pieces that are minced.  I watched the cook divide a plate of eggs into 2....not what I want to see.  The corned beef was strips.  I tried to eat it anyway but it tasted watered down...no flavor.  Very loud, small environment.  Not what I was looking for at all.  Much better breakfast options in town.
5	I love this place! The biscuits and gravy are awesome. Same with the eggs Benedict. I look forward to coming back.
5	My husband and I LOVE this place! We have been coming since they opened. We used to travel to the Rainbow location until they opened this one up near where we live. The food is delicious! They have the best eggs benedict in town and I have tried almost everything in the breakfast menu and everything is great! The atmosphere is great and they have a great staff! Love the service!
4	Got the western omelet and my boo got the big bad wolf. Highly recommend both. Sooooo good! Yes they are overpriced once you think about how much you spend versus how much it really costs to make it but your chances of it tasting like their breakfast is slim unless your a really good cook. Will be going back to try their egg benedict mmmmmmm.
5	Great service, fast cooks, delicious food, and a great price! This place was really good. THE BEST CRISPY BACON EVER! So good! Omelettes are delicious, the Nutella s'mores French toast is sooooo awesome, and the eggs were great! Coffee was good for a good breakfast place. We will absolutely go back!
1	Evidentally if you're not within 5 feet if the door, it's too much trouble to ask the hostess to check outside and call your name. We lost our spot in line for a 20 minute wait and was given attitude by the young, immature hostess who obviously can't handle the immense pressure and challenges of her "oh so demanding job."
5	This place is great! Definitely try the coffee cake. It's amazing! I also love the biscuits and the omelets. My mom visited a while back and she had the eggs Benedict. One of the best she's ever had!
5	Awesome food. They exceeded my expectations. Lisa was an exceptional server with a positive attitude. My coffee and water never saw the bottom of my cup. I'll be returning.
4	I've been here about 5 times. I've even brought my family here on several occasions. The food was great every single time. Service is always good as well. Only reason we stopped going was because the wait to be seated is always at least 45minutes. It's a small place and gets very busy. Huevos rancheros were very good. Good portion Eggs Benedict is so good. Their potatoes and omelette are like home cooked food.
3	The food is good...but for the price you pay for the eggs....don't you think you could dust the lamps above the table and the counters with decor have tons of dust and above the ceiling fans too.
3	Meh.  It's okay.  Huevos Rancheros: The salsa is canned, the refried beans are canned, the flour tortillas are what I buy at the store.  Portion was small relative to price. The fruit side was rather paltry.   May try this place again, may not.
5	What a great place.  A little expensive but well worth it.  Staff is Awesome and food perfect
5	Monte Cristo sandwich is my favorite thing ever, I even call and order it to pick up sometimes!! When I do dine in its always a great experience, great attentive servers.
5	I'm a big fan of breakfast food. The Cracked Egg is one of the better breakfast restaurants that I've gone to so far in Las Vegas because it comes very close to the typical diner breakfast that I grew up on in New Jersey. I had the Veggie Skillet with toast and their coffee cake. First off, a big wow on that coffee cake-light and sweet and not heavy at all.  Veggie skillet was packed with all of the ingredients- mushroom, peppers, tomatoes, spinach and potatoes. Veggies were almost perfectly cooked, maybe first few bites of the spinach was not cooked enough, but overall it was very enjoyable and filling. The potatoes were spot on.Service was very good. Lisa, my server, was attentive and kept checking in on me- caused me getting an extra of toast.
5	The food is absolutely phenomenal. I've been here a dozen times and they never disappoint. I'm not much for eating out for breakfast but this place is the only place I will do for breakfast. 100x better than Denny's or IHOP
4	I've been to the cracked egg quite a few times because my wife really enjoys their food and coffee. I've almost always been given a military discount on my meals but just found out that because I wasn't in my uniform that I am not eligible for a discount. Unfortunately, we have been directed to not wear our uniform off base and even after telling them that, they still refused to offer me a discount. I am not greedy, nor do I expect people to always give the military a discount, I just appreciate it when they do since it makes me feel like the country we are supporting and defending are also supporting us. I will most likely still go back to the cracked egg for their good food and coffee but just wanted to give the other military members a heads up of their discount policy. The restaurant called EggWorks still gives military discounts when not in uniform.
5	I am a breakfast guy and this is my kind of place. It is a one off restaurant that opens at 6 AM and serves GOOD food! I like to find a place that has corned beef hash that is home made. None of that stuff from a can. Most places will tell me when I ask if it is home made. Well at this place it is the real deal. I will put this place on the go to breakfast place when we are visiting friends in Las Vegas!
4	Yumm! Breakfast, my favorite meal of the day. There's a reason why this place is always so crowded, it's delicious!! Very similar to The Egg & I down to the seasoned potatoes and hustle & bustle. The noise level is very loud, it's what you'd expect of the breakfast/brunch crowd. So if you're looking for a nice quiet breakfast this place isn't for you. Many options on the menu. The Californian with egg whites always hits the spot. I'd pass on the coffee cake though, it's more like a square piece of cake with frosting drizzled over the top. Sadly, it didn't taste like coffee cake at all, boo. Good prices but the service can be hit or miss. All in all, when you're feeling too lazy to make it yourself come here for some good ol' comfort food.
5	So impressed with the service and the food! I definitely will be back! Everything is so fresh!
5	We go there all the time great service great family place and great food haven't had a bad dish there everything is yummy
3	I wanted a late breakfast on Saturday afternoon and was excited to try the Cracked Egg. While the portions were great, the food was slightly bland and the prices were quite high for your "typical breakfast."
5	OMG!  Food is a 4 OUTTA 5 stars but my service was amazing!  I get greeted at sat by a younger hostess.  Quite but polite and very kind.  But my server Diana is say bout 45 years old long pretty jet black hair pinned back cute pops over brings my coffee asks if I have any questions over the menu while I wait for my other guests.  I ask what she likes.  She gets so excited.  She asks are you in a sweet or savory mood.  She shows me her sweet picks then I asked ok. What's ur savory you have me wondering....she gets so excited and detailed on her choice and suggest to get the eggs pouched cause of how the yolk will melt into other toppings as I cut and get into my breakfast!  Seriously amazing service!!!!!
4	The breakfast was great! I had the California omelette with seasoned fries. The fries were the best I ever tasted!
3	There is a wait most of the time but good breakfast spots are hard to find, especially on this side of town. Service is hit or miss but the food quality is always there. There specials are definitely worth trying.
