1	If you like dated restaurants, with carpet that hasn't been clean in a decade, with an air quality that is stuffy and smelly, with long waits because they don't have enough waiters on the floor, and recipes that use the same 4 ingredients in all their dishes (one of them being LOTS of salt), then Riazzi's is the restaurant for you.
4	If you've read my reviews, you know that I think that The Olive Garden chain is singlehandedly dumbing down America's taste for Italian cuisine. Riazzi's deserves your support for keeping this corner of Tempe a place where the three fs of Italian flourish: flavor, family and um, OK two fs.When the place was last decorated in 1971, it was perfect. So why change? Yeah, it's dark and oddly laid out but so was my first girlfriend. If Riazzi's isn't what you're looking for in an independently run family Italian place, get your ass to Little Cesear's and eat cheezy breadsticks until they start tasting good.
4	I had been to Riazzi's with co-workers for the affordable lunch specials, so my husband and I decided to give it a try for dinner. We stopped in at just about 5pm on a Sunday. The decor was lovely for the holidays ~ a big fancy tree up front, lights and decorations throughout, and some classic Christmas tunes. Service was very attentive, and we were provided with our drink selections and dinner bread quickly. For dinner, I ordered the tortelloni with a pesto cream sauce for myself and lasagna for my hubby. Each entree came with either a choice of dinner salad or minestrone soup. The salad with Italian dressing was zippy with lots of vinegar, a few beet slices, a pepperoncini, and a few black olives. The tortelloni were giant with lovely ricotta inside and a quality pesto cream sauce. My husband reported that the lasagna was quite good, with a bit of sweetness to the sauce and some nice sausage. We also liked that the server left a small dish of parmesan cheese for us to sprinkle on top of our dishes.All in all, we were very pleasantly surprised by the high quality food and recipes as well as the great service at Riazzi's. Parking was easy and ample in the private lot, and I appreciate the outdoor courtyard with fountain that you walk through to enter the restaurant.Recommended for a mellow and tasty night out with a date, a spouse, or friends!
5	I like to go here for special occasions with my honey.I LOVE THE PESTO WITH CREAM SAUCE TORTELLONI! It was the first thing I tried and now that's all I order. My honey gets the chicken diablo . Our Kids got the pizza but they thought it "tasted funny" - it did not taste like take out, they are kids, what do you want. So, we go there for an evening alone or with friends.
5	While living in the Valley for good Italian food, I tripped over this jewel through yelp. I don't see how this place could be considered bad seeing how fresh everything tasted. Salty? Perhaps too much fresh grated cheese with your food (which you get to spoon in yourself). The place is dated, but if the food is good, who cares. My wife got the pesto with cream sauce tortellini while I went with the gnocchi. They were both beautiful things. The tortellini was marvelous with that cream sauce; I was fighting myself from mopping up a bit with some bread. The gnocchi was excellent (though I haven't really had much out there, so i'm not a real pro at spotting the best of the best) and the meatballs...absolutely stellar. They were soft with a small hit of spice while keeping with the meaty texture.After this, we were feeling satisfied. Oh right, dessert! I had to have the canoli while my wife went with the tiramisu. My wife hates canolis, but really liked theirs. The tiramisu? Best she ever tasted. My only complaint is that they're a little expensive, but damn they tasted good.Are there better Italian places? I don't know yet, but I do know that this place is great. I'll be back again soon.
4	I've eaten here a dozen times over the last 20 years and love it.  Family place, I've never seen an advertisement in the paper or on them Internets.I think Family Owned says it all.  Somebody's family has a restaurant, cares about customers and service and good Italian food.  The only thing that I ever had that was bad there was the house red wine, which was absolute crap, but I order it all the time.  House reds are always crap at family Italian joints!  Go here next time you consider going out for Italian.
1	You have to be kidding?   Sure, this place was a landmark in its day and WAS a great inexpensive treat but they have no doubt adopted a don't care attitude.  Antipasta plater with peppers, mushrooms in a sauce and bologna?  Please.  It went downhill from there.  The service is worse and the place is tired looking.   Head North to Lo Cascio's Italian Restaurant on Scottsdale Road, North Tempe.  Kitschy, sure, and you will love the owner with her over-the-top glasses yet when the food comes, now that's Italian.
4	I've only been to Riazzi's three times, but I've never ordered anything I didn't like. I ordered a small 10" pizza for grins on my last visit and was very impressed! They also brought my minestrone soup out less than a minute from the time I ordered (the bus boy overheard my order and left to the kitchen before the waiter). I would give it 5 stars but Riazzi's is just a bit lacking in the atmosphere category.
5	When my mom was high school she worked at Riazzi's in their old location. (Torn down looooooong ago.) The same people who owned it then, own it now. Growing up Riazzi's was always a constant part of my restaurant experience. (The owners remember my mom and she still talks to them when we go.)They have great food, made from old family recipes. I have always enjoyed the chicken piccata and chicken marsala. I like the red wine, the bread and desserts. Riazzi's is a true Italian family restaurant that has been a part this community for many years, and for a good reason: They are great at what they do. It's local, it's real, it's my kind of place.
4	I have to say I friggin' love this little Mom and Pop Italian place...and especially around the holidays. They really 'desk the halls' and particularly in the bar area (which is really large and has lots of tables as it has not changed since the "smoking section' era.) After an event in downtown Tempe a group of 7 of us decided to go here for pasta last Sunday evening. Although there was a wait (for 8 people that is expected) in an almost empty restaurant, we were seated in the bar (yay!) and Andrew our waiter come over to tell us "I don't have much to say except there are no specials tonight, and the vegetable of the day is green beans." Don't you love it? And he was witty and attentive the whole evening! Most of us had the famous spaghetti and meatballs and the salad with their homemade blue cheese dressing....the yummiest! One person tried the lasagna and one the pizza, and both looked fabulous. And we topped it off with a bottle of their house (Ruffino) Chianti..well, actually 3 bottles. We stayed for a couple hours just eating, talking and laughing and enjoying the holiday atmosphere. It was a really lovely evening. Thanks Riazzi's.....
4	I gave Riazzi's a second chance this evening after a lengthy boycott. I was seeing a play at Gammage and the location made it a convenient choice for pre-theater dinner. My first experience with Riazzi's came as a team lunch about 3 years ago. The food was good, but when the waiter brought each person their check, he brought one of my co-workers two receipts. The co-worker looked them over and told the waiter he charged his card twice. The waiter said let me take care of that, tore one receipt in half and walked away, not fixing the problem. As the group left the restaurant he chased us down in the parking lot and said we didn't leave enough of a tip. I have not been back until tonight.The restaurant is noticeable thanks to the large tree in the front yard. That tree as well as many others were decorated with lights for the holiday. Inside the restaurant was very festive and had a nice feel. Using my handy Yelp mobile application, I read some of the reviews and decided to order the Toretellini Riazzi with pesto cream sauce. My friend went with the stuffed eggplant.  The salad arrived first and it was an interesting blend. The first thing I noticed was the presence of beets. I have never had a beet, but it was there so I figured I might as well try it. It wasn't as bad as I expected - firmer and tasted like pickled dirt, but it was okay. The house dressing and the pepper made a good combination. The entrees came out and my friend looked over her plate. The appearance of the dish was mostly that of the sauce and cheese. She offered a bite and I had to play Jacque Cousteau to actually find the eggplant. While she said it was good, she was not impressed with the swamp of sauce covering the dish and though flavorful, she admitted she would not order it again. The side fettuccini was good.As for the tortellini, what can I say? Fabulous! It was very flavorful, huge portions and one of the best things I have had in some time. Unfortunately I was headed to the theater and didn't want the car to smell like pesto all night, so half of it had to go. No time for dessert.The waiter was very pleasant, provided ample time to review the menu, answered questions and kept the drinks filled. Service was excellent this time, my dish was incredible and the menu large enough that I am sure my friend could find something more to her liking next time.  And the price - very nice. We both had water, but with both entrees, the included salad and her included side of fettuccini, it was just under $30.  Pretty good for a evening with a nice Italian dinner. I think my first experience with this place was a fluke and based on tonight, I would definitely give it another shot. My next play tickets are in 3 weeks, so I might be back then!
3	I finally went to this place after driving by it for 8 years.  I would always see it and say to myself "I need to go there one time," but never actually following through.  After reading some quality reviews on here we decided to bring some family there for a graduation dinner.  We ordered some Mussels to start and those were very good.  They were tender and the sauce was good.  We also had the Caprese Salad to share amongst the 4 of us.  I was pretty full after the appetizers so the girlfriend and I split the Veal Piccata.  It too was quite tasty.The entrance is very cool with the very large and old Ficus tree that had holiday lights woven through it.  Aside from some very loud, obnoxious and drunk guidos/meatheads that were there, it was a very enjoyable meal.  Bonus points for giving me a healthy serving of Sapphire on the rocks.  I will definitely be going back.
4	Yay for local business! I'm always craving Italian food and the chains around here are not impressive. I have a new favorite.For my first visit I stuck with a standard, Fettuccine Riazzi with Grilled Chicken.  Wonderful. The grilled chicken was a smidgen too peppery for my taste but the cheese sauce did a great job of making it all better. Next time I want to try something a little more adventuresome.My only real problem was with the salad. It was smothered in dressing and inedible. In this day with everyone watching what they eat, isn't dressing on the side the norm? I'll have to remember to ask for it that way next time.Maybe I visited on an off night (Tuesday) because the place was almost empty. Therefore the service was quick and attentive. I could tell by the conversations around me that most of the customers were regulars and the staff well-liked. That's always a good sign.I'll be back.
3	Well, think '70s italian - heavy on the italian dressing and meat sauce and you have Riazzi's. It appears more institution rather than foodie mecca. A lot of regulars that are more about getting together with one another than eating great italian food. My guess, Riazzi's menu and recipes have not changed since the '80s. If you want to check out the denizens of Tempe, hit it up but a decent pasta and Chianti, not so much.
5	This is the best Italian restaurant in town. While eating dessert, I died and went to canoli heaven .
5	I live in the townhomes right next to this restaurant and it still took me 4-5 months to actually try it. Absolute blasphemy as I see it now. This is a charming little place, decor outdated enough that it's sweet again, friendly servers, and man, great food. The pesto cream sauce ravioli (I believe) will blow you away. The wine glasses are filled high. Everything is great quality. Prices are medium-range, most dishes ranging from $11-18 but coming with a salad or soup and bread. This would be a great, great date night spot.
4	My husband and I have been going here for years and years. It's been there a lot longer than that... It's a great ma-and-pa neighborhood Italian place that is nice, but not too fancy or pretentious. We haven't set foot in one of the big chain places since discovering this place. Our favorites are any of the veal dishes, the antipasto platter, baked penne and the pesto tortellini. In my mind, if an Italian restaurant doesn't serve veal, keep looking. Riazzi's nails it.
4	My girlfriend summed up everything that was both good and bad about Riazzi's with a single statement: "It's like Olive Garden, just without any of the things that suck about Olive Garden."The flavors are good, the food well-prepared, but not spectacular. The architecture and the garden are interesting, the decor is flat. The service is good and personable, but not top-of-the-line professional.It's a neighborhood restaurant with good (somewhat Americanized) Italian dishes served at a consistent quality, with a character that says nothing flashy - reminding you that this really is a satisfying, locally-owned Italian bistro.
4	This is your old school Italian restaurant.  I wouldn't be surprised to see Tony Soprano there.  The food has always been excellent and appears to be all done in-house.  The waiter even commented that the sausage was made in-house so the spices could vary depending on the chef.  I usually get the mussels which are served swimming in a big wide bowl with butter to dip.  And they are not too shabby considering we are in the middle of the desert.  How I miss good seafood.  My next favorite is the eggplant parm.  Very yummy.  This is one of my favorite restaurants.
2	The first thing that turned me off is that this is a family italian restaurant with no kids menu!!  To feed my kids cost me $8 for a cheese pizza and $2 for a soda!!  CRAZY!We went with a party of 8.I ordered the eggplant parm with the fettucine riazzi.  Both dishes were so flavorless.  Very disappointed and I would NEVER go back.  I am surprised to read a couple reviews saying the food was salty because I had to add tons of salt and parmesean to even make mine edible tasting.  yuck!  seriously and I had been wanting to try this place for a long time.  I'm bummed.
5	Great food!  Best Italian food out here.  Veal Marsala is better than any place in New York.  Their chicken stuffed with three cheeses is also delish.  The bread and salads are simple and classic.  This restaurant is a staple of mine, and I've been going here for countless years.  Yes, besides the unique tree growing over the entrance, the decor is bland (1980's Italian style).  I think it makes it feel a little more like if you were eating at Ma's house, and she was stuck in the 80's.  Love this places food!
2	When I planned our visit to Phoenix and decided to eat Italian food one night while we were there, I envisioned one of those old style southern Italian neighborhood eateries that I remembered, and so often enjoyed, growing up in New York city (many years ago). Turning to Yelp reviewers and after reading Riazzi's accolades, I was sure I'd found a real winner. When I saw that Riazzi's promoted the fact that they've been around since 1947, I was doubly confident that I'd found exactly what I was looking for. Not so. Maybe it was that 50 years ago, but no longer. Cocktails were the best part of the meal. From that point, everything went down hill. Bread was soft and spongy, not the crusty chewy loaf I expected. Butter was soft and in a tiny prepackaged tub. The quality of the antipasto ingredients although plentiful, tasted like they came directly from a super market salad bar; breaded and fried calamari was overly bready and strangely mushy; two of the salads were over dressed, and one barely moistened, with a watery overly vinegary house Italian dressing. For our main courses we chose; chicken parmigiana which was deemed "not as good as Olive Garden"; Shrimp parmigiana (4 medium sized shrimp smothered in tomato sauce and mozzarella for $17.95); baked sea scallops which were overly breaded and tasted of some indistinguishable and unpleasant spice or herb; and traditional lasagna. Our collective conclusion was that the least offensive choice was the latter, although it was skimpy with meat and unnecessarily abundant with cheese. All entrees included the aforementioned salads and (except for the lasagna) a side of overcooked pasta. Red sauce on the pasta was edible, but the Alfredo congealed into one sticky like warm mass. Don't bother with this place unless you have a time machine and set it back half a century.
3	This is a cozy Italian restaurant near Arizona State University.  The prices are reasonable for those of us on a budget.  The food isn't spectacular, but it's what you might expect from a run-of-the-mill Italian restaurant.  The service is usually very good. Overall, a good place to go if you're looking for Italian that's not Old Spaghetti or Olive Garden.
5	I went to college in walking distance from Little Italy in Cleveland, OH and was sad to find that AZ had so few Italian restaurants! I was thrilled to find Riazzi's. All I ever get here is pasta, meatballs, and red sauce and they are delicious - just what I got used to in Little Italy.
3	Went again (a friend from out of town *really* wanted to go.  This time I ordered the tortellini with pesto cream sauce after reading reviews that it was good.  It was.  I really liked it.  However, it did not reheat well so you must try not to eat to much bread and salad before the entree arrives.Ordered a large pizza for my children and they did not like it.  After eating bowls full of bread and butter before it arriving they were also not hungry.  If I am ever in a situation to eat here again I would try very hard not to bring the children with.
1	Upon entering Riazzi's, Kevin and I were unsure if we had stepped into an Italian restaurant or a nursing home. The patterns on the carpet and booths were horrifyingly dated, and the place was dingy and dark. The only thing that kept me from whole heartedly believing that we were visiting my great grandmother's home was the waiters/waitresses/bus boys playing Rhianna full blast in the kitchen as they talked loudly about their personal lives and friend drama and hair cuts. Food was fine. Nothing to write home about. But the atmosphere, oh gosh. Never again.
1	Pretty bad. Decor hasnt been changed since the 80's and the food  tasted the same.Salad and bread = terrible. You can get way better stuff packaged from a grocery store. I got the lasagna. First bite was an okay mix of sauce, cheese and sausage. After that there was nothing but cheese and noodles. All the sausage pretty much was gone. It got really heavy tasting pretty quick. Avoid unless your taste buds are stuck on 1979.
5	Riazzi's is what I picture when I think of a small, family owned Italian restaurant. Completely unpretentious, yet has an almost elegant feel. From the moment you walk through the patio of twinkle lights and in the front door you're waited on hand and foot, like a true guest in their "house". I don't think my water glass got below 1" from the rim because the waiter was so attentive! The fresh bread was delicious, and my lasagna was incredible. I'll definitely be back soon.
3	Ridiculously cheap so so Italian food. Very old school and needs a renovation 20 years ago. Not bad if you just want some cheap Chianti and pasta.
2	I can't believe I never did a review on this place. I had such high hopes and my hopes were crushed after eating here for the first time. The restaurant looks really pretty from the outside. However, upon entering, the atmosphere is really old and dated. They definitely need to put in new carpet and make a few other updates. We were sat fairly close to a drink dispenser that had broke and was making a horrible noise as workers scrambled to get it under control. In any event, I opted to order the cannelloni (one of my favorite Italian dishes if made right, I will order it if its on the menu) and the hubby ordered the chicken marsala with a side of fettuccine alfredo. We both had a salad with their house Italian dressing. From what I can remember, the bread was simply ok, didn't taste fresh baked by any means. Oh we did order the bruschetta before dinner and it was actually very good, one of the better bruschetta's Ive had. Our meal was a different story. The salad was ok, a decent mix of greens with vegetables, however, I didn't care for the dressing. I am not a huge fan of Italian dressing and prefer ranch. I believe their salad came standard with the Italian dressing though. The hubbys marsala came and was very puny and the alfredo was not that great. In our opinion, it takes a serious talent to make good alfredo sauce that is the perfect consistency and thickness and this was too runny for his liking. My cannelloni was drowned a rose sauce and was nothing memorable. It also was not that big of a portion. Service was decent from what I remember though. All in all, I am not sure why this place gets so much praise. It was simply ok in my book although a little run down and old. Would I go here again? Maybe if someone else wanted to go. Otherwise, I will not waste my time and stick to truly good Italian food at Rigatonies. Now that is my kind of place!
4	Riazzi's is the type of place that you need to know what you are doing and what to expect to enjoy it.  Other reviewers are right on about some of the negatives:  the decor is horrible and certain menu items are fine but not impressive.Here is what you need to know to dig it:1.  Sit in the bar-- it has a cooler vibe than the dining room (kind of mobstery)2.  Order seafood or one of the specialty dinners.  Don't fill up on bread or salad, the bread is great, and the salad is the old school iceberge lettuce with beets and pepperochinis.3.  If you want pizza, they make great pizza, but keep it simple, this is not the type of pizza you want to ruin with a ton of toppings.  We usually order it with just onions or just garlic. I wouldn't add pepperoni, it just isn't that type of pizza.  If you don't like onions, you don't know anything about food, and should eat every meal at Applebee's.4.  I also recommend the chicken Marsala, but I have never had it anywhere else, so it is hard to say if it is a good one.  I like it, and I am a fan of food.5.  The prices are reasonable to cheap for a sit down place.  Can't go wrong with that!It's a good place!  Don't let the other review fool you, just be prepared, and don't expect Olive Garden.  This is real food.  I think some people have forgotten what real food is.
2	Very disappointing.  The ranch dressing was good and that was about it!  We waited quite a while before we just seated ourselves and then waited another while to be acknowledged.  I had the fettuccine alfredo.  The pasta was overcooked and the sauce was not enjoyable in the least. I didn't even eat more than 1/4th my plate before I finally gave up and decided to just be hungry till dinner.
4	Like someone else said...you really need to expect Riazzi's to be what it is to enjoy it. Is this place outdated? Yes. Is the salad a little meh? Yes. And what's the deal with their ranch? It is SO watery. But their bread is awesome! And the Veal Piccata is to DIE FOR. Im somewhat of a Piccata freak considering I make it for dinner frequently and order it almost every time I go to an Italian place (chicken or veal). I have not had a better Veal Piccatta anywhere. So for that I will keep coming here when I am in the mood for a delicious Veal Piccata.
4	Whenever I am craving decent italian food that is not the dreaded Olive Garden, we usually come here. The lunch specials are awesome and priced just right. I LOVE their lasagna, the sauce is homemade and to die for! But boy howdy bring your tums... I agree with some other reviews, sit in the bar area, much more chill vibe.
3	Riazzis Italian Garden in Tempe is a place I've always thought about going to. Well, I finally made it the other day. I took my roommate with me, so I didn't look like a goober sitting in a booth by myself. We walked in as the Hostess was finishing a reservation over the phone, and we were greeted when she finished. She gave us the option of booth, or table.  I went with booth (I didn't want to sit at a table in the middle of an empty room). The hostess took us to our booth, set our menus down, said the server would be here in a minute, and took off.  Not to friendly, but she did her part. As we looked over our menu a staff member brought us some bread, and water. Seconds after, our server came to our table and introduced herself, asking if we wanted anything else to drink besides water. Both my roommate and I ordered a Peroni, which is an Italian beer.  I also asked for an order of calamari which she stated was "very good." The server brought us our drinks followed by the calamari. She came back a minute later and asked if we were ready to order, or if we needed more time to look over the menu. Both my roommate and I were ready; so we placed our order for the main course. I ordered the baked penne, and my roommate ordered the chicken Marsala. During our order the server gave us the option of soup or salad. I got the soup, which was minestrone, and my roommate went with the salad. Our server filled our waters without us having to ask, and kept us informed on the progress of our main course. Once the calamari was finished she cleared our plates and went to get our main course. She brought our main course out one at a time (probably because the help she needed was napping in another booth off in the corner, where I saw him). Once she placed our food down she asked if we needed anything else: We said no, and she took off after saying "enjoy your food guys." The calamari was covered in breading and had good flavor, despite its being mushy in texture (It came with ranch, marinara, and cocktail sauce). My minestrone soup was bland and lukewarm, the salad my roommate had was in his words, "pretty good." My baked penne looked really good, but fell just shy of making par. The penne was cooked perfectly and there was plenty of ground Italian sausage (which was very good). However, the sauce was a bit watery, and the cheese that was on top was a bit rubbery. I asked my roommate how his chicken marsala was, and he said it was great. I can't say much more than that since I didn't eat it. After we had finished as much as we were going to eat; the server cleared our plates and asked if we would like any dessert. Since my roommate and I were full, we said no to the offer of dessert after she listed a few of the options to spark our interest. The options sounded good, but we were just too full from our meal.Our server thanked us for coming in when she brought our check back to the table after we paid. As we left, the Hostess station was empty but we still got a, "goodnight and thanks for coming in" from somebody, who I did not see anywhere.  Over all, the service was great and made up for my food that wasn't great, but not bad. I might try going back sometime to try another dish, and maybe find a different kitchen crew working.
4	After reading the other reviews, I thought perhaps I would weigh in - they seem to be all over the place.  The critics are correct that the decor seems dated.  To me, having grown up back east with this very sort of restaurant, it was charming.  The restaurant is particularly enjoyable to visit at night, when they turn on the lights in the garden.  I enjoy the layout of the dining room, although I agree it is a 'cooler' experience to eat in the bar.  I guess some people could be offended that the staff sit down and eat in the bar when it is slow, but I'm not one of those people - I think it adds to the charm.  I had a very late lunch yesterday - around 3 - thanks to an appointment that went on forever.  So we ended up heading to Riazzi's for a late dinner, around 8:30.  At that time of the evening, the dining room was closed., so we sat in the bar.Their service is truly one of the strengths of this restaurant.  On this night, they were unusually attentive - even for them. The waters came out immediately upon sitting down, then they took your drink order - as it should be. Neither my iced tea or water ever got below half a glass.  This is something I occasionally find annoying at places where the staff draws a lot of attention to itself when they refill drinks - particularly when it interrupts the flow of conversation.  Not at Riazzi's - they are attentive but unobstrusive.  Their bread is my favorite restaurant bread in the Valley - hands down. It is actually better than the Italian bread I grew up eating back east in Hartford, New York, Boston and Providence.  It's so good that I wish they had loaves available.  You have to possess a lot of discipline not to fill up on the bread.The salad is as others have described it - traditional, but fresh.  My favorite item on the menu is now listed under pizzas and described as a Spinach Pie.  This used to be listed under appetizers as the Grass Pie, but if you order a Grass Pie, they'll still know what you mean.  It is a cheeseless pizza with spinach and arrabiata sauce.  Confession:  I love all things arrabiata. But this combination here is perfect.  For about 1.50 (I can't recall the exact figure), they'll add mozzarella to it, but I've never done that because it is perfect as it.  They bring you a healthy amount of tasty parmesan cheese, so you can always throw that on the Spinach Pie.So, I had that. Outstanding as usual. My wife ordered the Penne Primavera, which was very good.  Last time I was there with my daughter, she had the penne with garlic and oil, which I thought was just superb.  Simple, but perfect for a garlic fan like me.  I have a feeling most folks skip over such an entree in favor of something more elaborate, but I recommend it.  We didn't have an appetizer, and even though I wouldn't describe the portions as enormous, they were generous and neither of us could finish our entrees.Is Riazzi's going to be sexy for the young, hip crowd?  Probably not, although it is romantic at night with their lights and sunken/elevated dining room, and has the 'cool' factor of the bar.  It totally hit my 'nostalgic for the east-coast Italian restaurant' needs.  I just wish the service at most modestly-priced Valley eateries approached Riazzi's. You can get spoiled with the bread and service over here.
3	I went here for dinner tonight with some friends and it was a solid meal. It was nothing super special, but it wasn't bad. The decor, as stated before, is super old school, but I don't really mind. The bread they bring out is warm and tasty and the service was wonderful! They filled our waters consistently and brought out more and more bread... which was great! I ordered the cheese ravioli with meatballs and it came with minestrone soup. The soup wasn't bad, but wasn't great. It tasted kind of like canned tomato soup with veggies thrown in. The raviolis are home made, which they looked, but were kind of odd. The plate had three large raviolis on it. They had really thick dough and were large and stuffed with too much cheese. These didn't taste bad, but they were too rich... just too much pasta and too much cheese... I wish they made smaller raviolis with thinner pasta and less cheese. In addition, the meatballs were extremely firm... the flavor wasn't bad, but the texture was off. They were just a little spicy, which was nice. Overall, the place was ok.... not mind blowing or somewhere I would run back to, but it was alright, and if I got invited back, I wouldn't say no.
3	This place has adequate food but it is certainly not astounding nor worth the price. The house salad comes with beets that taste canned. It's just not all that great of a place in the food department.However, I found the staff kind and generally willing to work with you on replacement sides. The restaurant is also quite kid-friendly (though there is no explicit "kids menu").
1	Worst spaghetti and meatballs ever, bar none.  It's like they were trying to make me send it back (it worked).  The pasta was overcooked and tasted like it was out of a pack of ramen; the sauce was reminiscent of Chef Boyardee; and the meatballs were...odd...On the upside, the service was very prompt and friendly.
3	Great service. Good food. Had baked scallops. Reasonable prices
5	I loved this place.I had just called because I wanted to do a take out order to get lunch while I was at work. At first the woman on the phone seemed a little aggrevated with all my questions I was asking, but it was simply because she had a bunch of people walk in at the same time, she politely asked me to call back and which I did.She answered all my questions and since I'm a plane Jane as it is I just had ordered the Penne Noodles with Marinara. Since I was ordering for my boyfriend who is Vegan she continued to impress me with the news that their marinara had NO cheese in it. Which was good and meant he could eat it too. So Vegans! You can eat here with the noodles and sauce! Add it to your list.It was done quickly and the exterior and interior was very adorable. I wish I had the chance to sit down and experience more of it. Considering it was lunch menu it was very inexpensive and delicious! It came with slices of bread which is always a plus!I would definitely go back there.
4	In Tempe for a triathlon, and needing to carb-load with some pasta, I found this place on Yelp.  It was about two miles from my hotel, and the reviews here were good enough for me to check it out.  It's a perfectly fine, mid-range, family-oriented Italian restaurant.When I dine alone, I take a book, so I always request a quiet corner booth.  The hostess gave me the best that they had, as it was a crowded, busy Saturday night.  There was a chatty family at the adjacent table, but they left halfway into my dinner.I had a Veal Piccatta, fettucini alfredo, a Moretti beer, and a glass of the house Chianti.  Hot Italian bread came out immediately, and it was excellent.  The salad was uninspired - just iceberg lettuce with a few garnishes.  The blue cheese dressing was great, though, being thick and chunky.The pasta and veal were perfectly cooked, and I was given a bowl of parmesan cheese, which went great with the pasta.The tab?  $30 (before tip) for bread, salad, entree, a beer, and a glass of wine.  The food was excellent and the ambiance is very nice.Reading the other reviews that complain about Riazzi's having dated decor - I don't agree.  The floral patterns in the booth are appropriate.  The only thing that I thought could stand an improvement was the chairs - they're quite worn, and I remember seeing the same chairs in a pizzaria in the 70's.  But it's not a big deal.This is a very nice, reasonably-priced Italian place with excellent food and great ambiance.
5	One of my favorite hidden treasures in Tempe.  If you have been in the Tempe area you probably have driven past this family establishment, it doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you enter it's like being in someone's home.  The ambiance here is very intimate and comforting, as if you're in the family's personal dining room enjoying their recipes passed down from generation to generation.  The service is exceptional, always bringing you more bread, filling your glass before it empties, and asking if you need anything.  The food is tradtional italian fare, they offer you bread as soon as you sit down and nearly everything meal comes with your choice of garden salad or soup, unlike a lot of restaurants today where it's an additional cost.  They have a wide vareity to choose from and everything I've had there has been great.  I highly reccomend Riazzi's during the holiday's, the decorate the interior beautifully and really put you in the spirit of things.  Would reccommend for a Christmas eve dinner out or what not.  My favorite dishes:  the calamari appetizer, the calamari linguini, and the sausage and bell peppers!  Yum!
5	SUPER DELICIOUS! feels authentic. Get the gnocchi!
4	We had a lovely meal after a long day of site seeing.  The food is tasty and the service was good. My husband had the mushroom Gorgonzola  soup special that was delicious.  All our entrees were well prepared and very good.  The atmosphere is fine - but not trendy.
5	Good old fashioned Italian food their salad lasagna was excellent when I'm back in az u will see me there lol but really
4	This restaurant is a part of Tempe history.  We lovingly call this the best restaurant in Tempe.  This place does need a serious make over.  It looks tired but that doesn't hurt the food. The spaghetti and meatballs and the meatball sand which are hands down my favorite items on the menu.  I LOVE their meatballs.  I would say they are the best I have ever tasted outside the east coast.  I prefer their marinara sauce over their meat sauce which I find flavorless.  I have had several of the other entrees but they are not as good.
4	Came here the other night for dinner with friends. This is a nicely decorated place with a relaxing ambiance that also serves very good food. I ordered the chicken marsala with a vegetable side and its was excellent. The menu has an extensive selection and I would definitely return to try one of their other dishes.
1	Bad experience for a first time diner looking for a neighborhood restaurant. There was no steak available for dinner and I was refused service outside, which was such a shame for a perfect arizona night. I wont be coming back again
1	I generally will not write a review but when it comes to this time around I feel compelled to.I went to Riazzi's last night because my mother was in town and wanted a nice dinner and my wife and I suggested Riazzi's my wife has been coming here for years with her family (her parents even have had big anniversary dinners here) it was only my second time. Well the service to start with was OK not great not bad just OK the salads were ehh way to much vinegar in the dressing then we got our entrees I got Gnocchi which was a childhood favorite of mine (Grandpa amazing cook) and my wife got the Lasagna my first bite of mine all I could taste was salt just heavy salt in the sauce and my wife could not stand her dish either she couldn't put a finger on why just did not enjoy and only ate half. Well I did get through my meal I was hungry the waiter was nowhere to be found to share any displeasure well about fifteen minutes after all of us were done a bus boy took our dishes and we had asked for the check well twenty minutes passed and we finally saw our waiter and reiterated we had asked for check some time ago he just turned around to retrieve it no apology just handed it over and took credit card.My wife and I discussed on way home that this place was going down hill and would not go to again we even suggested this could be a candidate for a kitchen nightmare episode, well I had figured I would not think of my experience again at least for a while but to my dismay I am now up at 3:00 am writing this because I am not feeling well and it is not pretty Shame on you Riazzi's for putting out a poor experience
4	Came for dinner New Year's Eve with friends and had a great meal. The Caesar salads to start were always good and just the right size. The entrees that we selected covered a generous portion of sausage & peppers, Lasagna, Shrimp Scampi (which as described are large), and my favorite, Veal Piccata. All were prepared perfectly and appropriately spiced. Accompanying pasta and various sauces were perfectly cooked.The service was the same "relaxed" approach that I've received over the last several visits - despite a full restaurant with several large groups. No issue here, just a different experience than the more commercial chain restaurants. Just a great home-style family experience.
4	This place is shamelessly affordable and has a great atmosphere, for business, family or friends. My grandma liked the eggplant parmisan (a full inch of fried eggplant, the best in the valley for sure. I ate half because she couldn't finish it.)I love the manacotti. Seriously, when are you ever going to make this at home? -For lunch it's $7.95 with a decent sized salad and a full side of spaghetti. Everything comes with free baguette and butter.My uncle likes the garlic cheese bread.My mom likes the shrimp thing she always gets.My friend liked the chicken dish he had.Inside is a little different than most places. The decor is traditional, the atmosphere is calm and cool, and you can't see or hear the traffic, so it's like getting out of Arizona for a minute.The only difficult thing is remembering how to spell the name so your friends can find the place.
4	We were here on Tues. March 5, 2013 a party of six, with reservations. We all enjoyed the ambience, food, wine and service. Everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers of mussels and then their entree.  Not one of us had room for dessert .  The service was friendly and professional with a fresh basket of bread and butter delivered to our table before it was needed. Would highly recommend dining here to anyone and will dine here again when back in Tempe, Az.
4	Affordable, delicious food, variety in both dinner and lunch menus. Service is occasionally mediocre, but overall great restaurant!
1	I used to love this place, but something is obviously different now. Frozen seafood, small portions, so-so service and staff not knowing the menu. In a town starving for a good Italian restaurant, this one is just not worth it.
2	I was really disappointed. I would describe this establishment as frumpy, dated, and in desperate need of a facelift.  The atmosphere is dark and lost in the early 70's.  The food was below average.  Being from the Northeast, perhaps my expectations were too high, however nothing measured up to even average.  I would not recommend dining here.
4	Had a fabulous meal here last night 6-15. I like the atmosphere as it is dark, cozy and comfortable. Our service was top notch. The server was pleasant and came to our table just at the right time and didn't over extend her welcome. I hate it when servers constantly come to our table and ask how everything is. The french bread was soft and warm and the garlic olive oil was rich with garlic and other spices, almost paste like..fantastic. Not like you get at other Italian restaurants where they squirt a little olive oil on a plate and hand you a pepper shaker. The Caesar salads were fresh and crisp. I had the ravioli and it was superb and homemade like the menu said. My husband had the eggplant Parmesan and he said it was delicious as well. The prices are fair and the portions are large just the way we Americans like them! I would have given 5 stars but the outside entrance could have been tidied up a bit.
2	I've eaten at Riazzi's for many years, and sad to say, the food is not what it used to be. I went with a party of 20, and even though they knew we were coming with plenty of advanced notice, they were overwhelmed. Service aside, the food just wasn't on point.Red sauces were bland, and seemed in short supply. I asked for Pasta Carbonara, and it was so salty as to be virtually inedible. There was so much pancetta in it that it overwhelmed completely the rest of the dish. One of our party had pizza, and found it to be just ordinary. Most of the dishes were not enjoyed with the one exception of the calamari, which was perfectly fried.I realize that times are hard all over, but the temperature in the restaurant was unbelievably warm, and members of our party kept having to get up and go outside to cool off. I hope they go back to the fine food they used to serve, because this was a not what I remembered from the past.2 stars
2	Honestly I don't understand how this place has been around so long.  I definitely appreciate a good mom and pops restaurant, and I so badly wanted to love it here.  The patio is gorgeous but for some reason you can't dine out there.  The decor is so incredibly outdated and feels like you should only be there if you're over 60.  The cocktails were nicely poured but the wine was pretty mediocre.  My friend and I shared two dishes, one was the pesto tortellini, which was fabulous, and the other was the beef ravioli.  The ravioli seriously tasted like the pureed meat in chef boyardee from the can.  Just to make sure I wasn't crazy I made everyone at the table taste it, and they all agreed it was not edible.  I did complain and they took it off the bill.  I just can't justify spending my money here because it's so lackluster.  To each their own.
5	"Really authentic Italian cooking with ""Mama"" in the kitchen. Family run, the food is some of the best ""homemade"" Italian food in town. Very reasonable prices and cooking that done by Southern Italy make this a special, yet verycasual place to have a great dinner. "
5	Chicken Valastano - tortelloni- house salad w/ Italian vinegarette- meat rav w/ meat sauce ... All Great & very Yummy!!!!
4	Riazzi's was a place I had wanted to go for my birthday for over a year. When I finally went there, I loved it aside from the prices. The food was fantastic, the patio was gorgeous, the staff was attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere was perfect. It had a mom and pop feel and allowed me to feel relaxed and family oriented. I really enjoyed having my family experience Riazzi's with me! All around fantastic experience aside from the prices. The prices were a little steep for the amount of the food one received. Other than that this place was amazing.
5	dinner was fantastic...all four of us were extremely happy with the food, service was get. Overall this place is a great local restaurant
4	Two words describe this place, Old School.  The restaurant and bar area are certainly dated, kind of like a throwback to the 60's or 70's and could certainly use a makeover and the food is Old school Italian as well which is actually just fine with me as there is nothing better to me than an heaping portion of spaghetti and meatballs to bring back old family memories. Service was friendly and food came out fairly fast.
4	Service: 5/5 overall they do a really good job at getting you more water, food & checking on you. No complaintsFood: 4/5 not the best ever but for a local Tempe place it's good and you get a lot of food, worth the price (around $12) for the entire meal in my opinion. Experience: 4/5 some people say that this place is in need of remodeling and it's outdated but to be honest I think that is what gives it it's charm. This place has been around for ages and the feel inside the restaurant is reflective of that. Pictures attached
3	Just moved to Tempe and wanted some gnocchi (my FAVE) and this seemed to be the only place nearby that serves it, though they call it "cavatini" and it's more like little snakes than potato dumplings. As usual for me, I replaced the normal marinara for alfredo; pretty much the most bland alfredo sauce I've ever tasted, but I guess they do advertise it as mild (though there doesn't seem to be any alternative alfredo sauce.) I just threw on salt and it was okay.The atmosphere is nice; dark Italian restaurant and all that. It's nice enough that you can bring business guests but not too hoity-toity to just have a night out with pals.I was impressed with the service, and our waitress in particular was very down-to-Earth. Like other reviewers have said, the place is old but it didn't negatively affect my experience. I also agree with other reviewers that they should do outdoor dining; not only is it nice out there, but it could open up more tables so patrons wouldn't have to wait.All-in-all good service and atmosphere, decent food.
2	Since it was Friday night, we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. I had "cavatelli (gnocchi)", as they put on the menu. It was the worst gnocchi I had ever had - very thin and long, it lacked potatoey taste of real gnocchi. There should be disclaimer explaining what cavatelli is, without any link to gnocchi. The amount of sauce was very frugal, so when I was halfway through with my cavatelli, it was all gone. Also, to improve the taste of the sauce, I had to add some butter and parmesan crumbs.Grated parmesan was served in little ramekin which was fresh. Butter came in little plastic single-serve containers you may find in diners but not in fine Italian dining. Also, crackers were single-serve, too; last time I had those when I ordered to go from a deli. Bread was just plain white baguette, no rosemary nor olive oil.
5	I always make it a point to eat here when I am in Phoenix. My favorite spot is at the bar. The bartender gives great service, with a smile. The baked Penne, with sausage ground up in the sauce is very delicious. The meatballs are spectacular, and the sauce...what can I say about the sauce?  It's what keeps me coming back again and again. When you try the ravioli, see if you can guess the spice that has been added. I think it is very unique!! You can't beat old family recipes that came over with Nona from the old country!!Definitely not a chain restaurant!!
4	True, Riazzi's has been around for a long time... Wonder why???  Cause it's darn good!  That's why!  If you are an eggplant fan you must try the eggplant parm. Wonderful.  And, the service is excellent. Wish I still lived in Tempe, but now I only get to visit when in town on business. Do yourself a favor and go... Service, ambiance and food are all worth it.
1	I'm a long-time patron of Riazzi's and have always enjoyed their service, food and prices.  My wife and I went there last night and were extremely disappointed!  We were not that hungry but I had a craving for their Scarpel soup.  We waited five minutes in the front lobby before the hostess showed up (Tuesday night - with maybe 15 people in the restaurant).  Stepped into the restroom and the smell of urine started my dining experience.  I ordered two glasses of wine off of a brand new wine menu.  The wine arrived promptly in two 4 oz. wine glasses (the smallest I've ever seen!).  My wife ordered the Chicken Piccatta with a salad and vegetable.Her salad came with no offer for ground pepper (she got up and found a pepper mill).  I ordered the soup with added chicken.  Twenty-five minutes later our meals arrived. The Scarpel Soup was watery without the rich flavorful broth of the past.  The $3.95 extra for added chicken consisted of at most 1 oz. of chicken (5 tiny pieces).  The $16.95 Piccatta consisted of two very small chicken tenders and green beans on the side.  No fresh parmesan was provided and again we had to hail a waiter just to get him to drop a tiny bowl of pre-grated cheese on the table without serving it.To add insult to the over-priced experience - the bill came and the wine tab didn't match the price on the "new" menu (only an extra $.25 each - but it was the principle of the thing).  I pointed this out to our waiter who instead of correcting the bill - dropped two quarters on the tab.  After our $50 dollar "snack", I had to say something to the hostess about the wine menu pricing.  She explained the wine menus were new but the owner keeps raising the prices without adjusting the menu despite comments from staff.  I explained the Arizona Weights and Measures frowns on this type of activity and she offered to pass on my comments to her boss.
1	The bread was good.
3	First time at Riazzi's tonight. Had a celebration for 20 people. Table was ready as promised. I was first to arrive but waiter greeted me quickly and offered to take my drink order. There were already 8-10 parties seated at 5:30 PM -good start. As guests arrived, same good service was offered. Lots of different dishes ordered but I'll stick with what my family ordered. My wife sampled the antipasto salad and steamed mussels as an entree. Our daughter ordered from the gluten free menu and had the shrimp scampi with GF penne pasta and salad. Her husband ordered chicken piccata which came with a side of pasta and salad. Our youngest daughter ordered the spinach lasagne and I had the house special tortellini Riazzi pesto with a salad. The mussels were tender, tasty and hot. There were plenty of them (about 18) too. The GF dish - shrimp scampi and penne, came with gluten ingredients. I don't know if the waiter/cook got confused by taking 20 orders or not, but there was only one GF order for the party. She didn't get to eat anything. Our waiter was so busy keeping up with everything that he didn't even offer a redo until the table was nearly cleared. The spinach lasagne was huge, plenty of sauce and cheese. The piccata was done right, with lots of capers. The side pasta was rather boring tho. My tortellini was outstanding and I recommend it tremendously. Over a dozen big, tender pillows in a rich, creamy pesto sauce. I would have liked to give Riazzi's five stars but you can't mess with allergies. I would suggest he circle the GF order on the ticket, highlight it is something!
5	We have been frequenting Riazzi's for years - even when they were on Van Buren many moons ago. The Eggplant Parmigiana & gnocchi  - always the same, (2 of our favorite dishes), salads fresh & love the touch of the added beet. The service has always been great & the restaurant is clean & old school.  Great long time Mom & Pop business that we will continue to dine at.
2	My husband and I went there for our friends birthday dinner. The food wasn't that great and the salad looked like it was from one of those salad bags that you can get at a grocery store. Our waiter was very nice, but the food wasn't so great. I think Olive Garden is better than this.
2	My wife and I had dinner here last night... Appetizers were ok, my wife enjoyed her meal but when I ordered the Seafood Diavola everything appeared ok at first. Nicely cooked shrimp and scallops on a bed of spicy marinara sauce. HOWEVER, when I began to dig in the pasta they had hidden half of the muscles under the pasta and they were closed. Serving unopened muscles is a HUGE health risk. It is usually because they are dead at the time of cooking and can be host to a ton of different food born illnesses. I gave them two stars because my wife enjoyed her meal, but hiding the closed muscles under the pasta says that they knew better and showed a complete disregard for the health and safety of their guests.
5	Amazing homemade Italian food! Start out with the fried mushrooms or zucchini! I always order the house salad and angel hair pasta with spicy marinara with mushrooms and peppers! Or the minestrone soup is good too! This place is very quaint!
4	Gave them another chance and am glad I did. The chicken picatta was amazing and Christopher the bartender won me over with his service. I guess everyone has a bad night... I just wish they would give the patio a server and a hose down. Its lovely to sit outside during the cooler AZ months. Enjoy!
5	We have been frequenting Riazzi's for the past few years and have always had great service and great food. We had friends visiting from New Jersey who loved the food so much, they wanted to go again before they had to leave. They even brought their business partners when we went back.
5	My friends and I enjoyed the food and service. The place could use a, "refresh and update" but I enjoyed it overall. The food alone was worth it. The desserts were homemade and spectacular.
4	Me and My girlfriend Jessica come here all the time. House made raviollis and their Egg parm is always a safe bet.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Pheonix. I have been here many times and it is always perfect. I am from the east coast and desperately miss the Italian restaurants. This place ( and the cavatelli ) reminds me of home. The service is outstanding, the food is delicious, and the atmosphere is spot on. It is perfect for a date night or a family dinner. Highly recommend checking it out!
5	Excellent local place that's been around for a long time.  Chicken piccata was great as have been all the dishes we've tried here.  The side salad is their wreak spot,  nothing special.  The prices are surprisingly low, you'll spend as much or more at olive garden.  But why would you?! Eat here instead!
5	Dined at Riazzi's for the first time last night and was very impressed. It has a cozy family italian feel with all the classic dishes on the menu. The staff was very attentive and the chicken parm with fettucine was delicious!
4	good pizza!!
4	I've been coming here for years with my in-laws. We always order the Shrimp Scampi with garlic/oil linguine. The shrimp is so plump and wonderfully seasoned with garlic and oil. Very yummy! The salad and house dressing is always fresh and delicious. I always go to the restaurant with the intention of trying something new, but I just can't resist my original order. Service is good.
