5	S found this place on Yelp and suggested I try it out during my visit here in Arizona.The Morning Glory Cafe is located at the Farm at South Mountain which has their own organic farm on premise. Their hours are limited to serving breakfast - but, oh my, do they do breakfast good!I ordered Chef Manuel's chicken enchiladas topped with two eggs over easy. I know, I know - it's a cardio slam, but it was worth every biteful! The enchiladas were filled with an herb roasted chicken breast that was savory and moist. The tomatillo sauce that topped the entire dish was one of the best I've ever had - a little bit of tang, but oh so flavorful! I sat savoring every single bite!The beverages are self-service. The coffee, tea, orange juice and lemonade are available.
5	I was far too embarassed about my first visit to the Morning Glory Cafe to do a proper yelp.  My advice: don't take vitamins on a empty hangover stomach then allow your breakfast buddy to order really jiggly Eggs Benedict.  Every bump to the table was pure torture for hypersensitive gag reflex. But despite my unflattering visit to restroom trailer, I absolutely loved the food and knew I would be back.Today I managed to convince my husband to go to the Farm for breakfast, which is a minor feat in and of itself.  But I am happy to report that the breakfast was just as awesome as I promised my hubby that it would be.- The setting is beautiful, green, and soothing- The beverages are far above average.  Coffee that doesn't get bitter as it cools and freshly squeezed orange juice.- The staff is friendly and wonderful.- The meal comes out ridiculously quick.  It makes me wonder what takes so long at other breakfast joints.  - The food is divine.  The omelets are the best omelets I have ever eaten with fresh ingredients from the farm within sight of our table.  We even heard the chickens while we were sitting there because it was early and the restaurant was nearly empty.  The rosemary potatoes are perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The hubby was equally impressed with his simple breakfast of eggs, bacon and pancakes with real maple syrup.  He even noticed that the portion size was perfect and that substandard breakfast restaurants compensate for mediocre meals with a greater quantity of food.- The meal is a bit pricey for breakfast, but I didn't mind one bit.  I can't afford regular visits but I really wish I could.  We paid $37 for two meals, two coffees and 1 screwdriver (not on the menu, but they have the ingredients).- I do have one complaint, but I'm not sure if it's really a complaint or just a personal preference.  I hate biscuits.  They taste like dehydrated unbaked dough and I have no idea why any human would willingly eat one.  Morning Glory Cafe's biscuit is as horrible as any other I have tried.  Maybe for you biscuit-eaters out there it may actually be decent.- I felt like a humungous dork for doing this, but we talked about the breakfast for hours.  It was incredibly tasty and we kept discussing it to verify that we both experienced this perfect breakfast and to reinforce our experience.
5	Heavenly! After hearing and reading about the Farm at South Mountain, my husband and I were definitely excited about trying Quiessence (the upscale wine bar/restaurant located on the property) and The Farm Kitchen (the casual lunch place also on the property), but decided that we would try Morning Glory Cafe for breakfast first. Good, quality breakfast is hard to come by in the South Mountain area, so we figured starting there in the Farm trifecta would make the most sense (and be the most rewarding). We definitely weren't disappointed! We walked up to the outdoor seating area and selected a table (please note that if you pull in from 32nd Street, Morning Glory Cafe and Quiessence are down the long path on the side of the property away from 32nd, while the Farm Kitchen is immediately to your right when you pull in). The server directed us to the beverage station, where we had some slightly-watery lemonade and some *really* good coffee. It was rich and flavorful without being acidic. Our food came very promptly (do note, however, that we came on a weekday morning - I imagine the wait is longer on weekends and holidays) - my husband had the chicken enchiladas topped with eggs, and I had the Monte Cristo. We both agreed that the enchiladas were delicious - the chicken was really savory, the sauce tasted very authentic, and the eggs were the perfect complement - but the real standout was the Monte Cristo (ham and swiss cheese between two slice of French toast). The ham was crispy, the cheese tasted so fresh and light, and the bread was thick and as homemade as you can get. The maple syrup also tasted high-quality. The combination of the salty and sweet was unbeatable. Both of our entrees were in the $10-$12 range, and the price included the unlimited coffee, lemonade, water, and tea from the beverage station. This place has delicious breakfast and atmosphere for great prices and is definitely worth trying. Please note that it (along with the Farm Kitchen but *not* Quiessence will be closed from June 2nd to September).
4	Go early or you will wait, wait, wait.  I love their biscuits; they have some sort of herbs, which make them a little different.  Zach likes the eggs benedict.This is a great place to bring family while in town, a little oasis in the city.
5	Morning Glory (along with the Farm Kitchen, the other more casual dining spot at the Farm at South Mountain) re-opened on September 9th after being closed for the summer. We missed being able to go there for breakfast, but on the other hand, would not have been happy or comfortable sitting outside with a hot breakfast in the broiling Phoenix sun and my thighs sticking to the plastic chair. Right. So, it's a good idea that they close for the summer. But I digress. I have three reasons for my update: 1. The Monte Cristo sandwich was still delicious (those farm-fresh eggs and cheese are so good!), but the bread that was so crispy and artisan last time was soggy and too syrupy this time. Note to chefs: the bread is what makes the sandwich complete, so get it right. 2. The chicken fried steak (served with creamy gravy and rosemary potatoes and topped with one of their delicious, farm-raised eggs) was ridiculously good. The batter was light and crispy and the gravy was the perfect creamy and pepper complement. Try it. You won't regret it. 3. When the server offers you a muffin or pastry after taking your order, don't accept unless you want to pay $2.50 for it. We fell for that trick and ended up paying for an orange muffin that was ok but kind of filled us up before we got to the good stuff. Definitely still amazing, and definitely still worth checking out. I don't think the lunch spot (Farm Kitchen) is as delicious, so if you're only going to pick one of the two, definitely try Morning Glory. Of course, you could also opt for Quiessence, the formal restaurant at the Farm, which I still haven't tried but hear is awesome. A sign at the Farm said they are now open for lunch and afternoon snacks. But, again, I digress.
3	You come here for the Farm environment and not so much for the food.  After a long wait on a warm weekend morning, the uncomfortable plastic chairs offered little reconciliation.  Would've preferred if the French Toast Bread Pudding did not come drenched in maple syrup - much nicer to sweeten as needed.  The country fried steak was unfortunately not as good as Denny's and our favorite version in the Valley at Texaz - this one got soggy quickly under the gravy. My veg and egg skillet with white truffle oil was tasty but seemed a bit small and would've benefited from a side of toast.Other Valley breakfast eateries like Over Easy and Matt's Big Breakfast offer more satisfying food.  Come here to get away from the city and stretch your legs on the farm.  For only a few bucks more, eat at Quiessence and get more comfy seating, real table cloths and glass cups instead of help-yourself paper ones, which really isn't as earth-friendly.
5	The best brunch or breakfast I've had in Phoenix.  The eggs benedict was perfect, and all of the six people I was with liked their meals. The atmosphere was good, the coffee was good, the service was good. Admittedly, it was cool and overcast, and I wouldn't want to sit outside if it were 100 degrees outside. But other than that, I anticipate many, many trips here in the future!
4	If  you're ever in the Phoenix area, this is a good place to have breakfast. And it looks like most locals go here too. I would've put 5 stars if not for the the tree leaves that keeps on falling on my breakfast plate as I eat.  It's an outdoor cafe, very  relaxed setting and serves great food. The eggs benedict are good and their biscuits as well. The service is fast!
5	After going to a FABULOUS Yelp event (OYE at The Q /Quiessence) I waited for the opportunity to revisit The Farm at South Mountain. With out-of-town guests wanting to meet for breakfast the perfect timing arose. Just pulling onto The Farm I felt transposed into another place and time. With a farmers market and artists exhibits surrounding me I headed for The Morning Glory Cafe'. The staff was so accommodating (giving driving directions to my lost party), friendly and engaging. The menu selections ranging from Omelette's, Eggs Benedict and glorious muffins my taste buds were perked. Whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner try this haven - you will be so happy you did.
4	This is one of my favorite places in Phoenix.  Situated on a produce farm with huge pecan trees lining the road through the farm, it is an oasis.  Being from the east coast, I miss real trees.  When you arrive, you'll almost always see families having picnics in the grass, people bring their dogs, and you can freely roam the farm.  Several restaurants exist here, pass the lunch spot that is closest to the main road and go to Morning Glory.  Not the deal of the century (average price is $11 per entree), but you can have as much coffee as you want, and it's worth it to sit outside in the middle of green farm.  The food is fresh, local if not directly from the farm, and very good.  I've eaten all the veg items, they've happily eliminated meat from anything I asked, and everything is good.  Ask for sauces on the side to be safe.  The biscuits are wonderful and herbed, as are the potatoes.  I often order these two sides with one entree to share with my significant other - PLENTY of food, especially with a bloody mary (or mimosa).The real reason to come here is for the atmosphere. If  you can possibly avoid Sat and Sun, do it, because this place may be hidden from some, but the hotels know to send guests here.  Be prepared for a wait, but it's not at all a bad think to explore the surroundings.
3	I'm a huge fan of Quiessence, so of course, I think the quaint farm setting at Morning Glory is lovely, and I truly enjoy the cuisine of Chef LaPrad (for those of you who don't know, both restauarants are on the same farm premises and LaPrad is at the head of them).  Needless to say, the food is far superior & fresher than your standard breakfast diner fare.  It is also better than many other Valley breakfast stalwarts, such as Matt's Big Breakfast (which is quite tasty, but pretty greasy and their menu is nowhere near as creative or interesting as Morning Glory's).  The omelette I ate there a few days ago was, as ever, wonderful - the combination of fresh veggies with goat cheese and home made salsa verde was delicious.  That said, I was very disappointed when I visited this weekend, mostly on two accounts:1.  The orange juice was not freshly squeezed; it was the Minute Maid style stuff most restaurants bring in pre-made.  This one surprised me because on my first visit to Morning Glory  the OJ was freshly made and natural.  This is a serious pet peeve I have with breakfast places - all too often at other places, servers nod and smile when you ask if the orange juice is freshly squeezed, only to bring you the usual packaged stuff one finds at the supermarket fridge.  It isn't that hard - were the oranges physically squeezed in the back or not?  For a place like Morning Glory that prides itself on organic ingredients, fresh produce, etc, there is no excuse to be serving this kind of OJ.  It's pathetic, and anyone can easily  discern the difference.  If I wanted this kind of juice, I would've gone to a corporate breakfast diner chain like Denny's or Ihop.  Come on.2.  No pancakes on the menu, which was aparently tinkered with.   I'm pretty certain I had eaten pancakes here before....with them being such a fundamental breakfast classic, I can't figure out the warped reasoning behind not having them on the menu now.Forget the pancakes....it's not a choice I would have made, but fine.  The orange juice issue, however, tells me their standards are beginning to slip, so I'd be careful if I was the manager.  This is how any restaurant's downward spiral starts: with complacency and lax standards.  I hate giving them a lukewarm review, but other than that, still a solidly recommended place.
4	Great atmosphere and good food. Local food. Great breakfast place.My favorite thing that I had was the bacon.Service was great and it was a nice day outside. I felt like I was walking into a family reunion. It's definitely a place worth checking out.
4	Went today with wife and kids for breakfast......very good, had an omelette with sausage topped with some tomatoes sauce and grated parmigiano, it was delicious. The wait for a table was about 30 minute, which it was ok, but once seated we had to wait close to 45 minutes for the food.....It was a little expensive, around 45 dollars with tip for two omelettes and two orange juices.Great atmosphere and friendly service and good place for kids with plenty of activities allover the farm.
5	The Morning Glory is one of three restauraunts on a desert sanctuary near South Mountain in Phoenix. It is a truly special place, with a massage center, little chalets, an artists' colony, gardens (yes, various plants grow in the beautiful Sonoran desert). I could, but won't, go on and on about the scenery and the vibe of the place. Suffice it to say that the Heard Family, of Heard Museum fame, bought this acreage many years ago, in order to preserve its beauty. Recent owners have only improved on the site.The restaurant itself appears to have an indoors and an outdoors section; we sat on the beautiful patio with ample shade and hummingbirds. Beverages (water, tea, coffee, and lemonade) are self-served and refills are endless. The menu is seasonal and rotational, varying with the availability of produce on the farms. Breakfast is heavy on eggs, though I had savory crepes with shrimp in a bechamel sauce with fresh garden herbs. And bacon. This location reminds me of why I love the desert, though I never forgot.
4	Eat your eggs prior to visiting the chicken coop - you have been warned!  Our resident avian expert deduced that their red flesh bald patches were due to pecking each other rather than mange or being bird flu hosts, but that would have scared me off the eggs even though they were probably more decoration than layers.  Well, it would have been a shame to miss the terrific eggs benedict (good hollandaise, not too tart) and S. Mtn. omelettes (made with fresh vegetables from the "Farm" portion.  The lemonade didn't taste fresh squeezed, but I can't say much about others' food since we fell upon it so ravenously that we didn't offer any tastes.  The waitress apologized for the long wait which I hadn't noticed because of the good company, pleasant surroundings (except for air conditioning unit whine), and self-serve beverages.  Come to think of it, that was an appalling wait for breakfast fare - maybe the sudden intake of food, advancing heat, or charm of the outdoor setting went to Hostage Gastronome's head, and he left a 30% tip!  I didn't mind the extra few dollars, but felt he sent the wrong message that it's okay to capitalize on one's popularity without providing sufficient staffing.  I'm glad they do offer this alternative to the generic and/or commercial - just get more kitchen help!
5	This is one of my regular spots for breakfast when entertaining or meeting up with friends.  It's the perfect place to go after a morning hike on South Mountain to fill up on some of the richest (or simple, if you prefer) breakfast/brunch selections you will find.  Seriously, I'm not into it, but the french toast monte christo sandwich is an amazing fix for the heart-attack prone.The setting is absolutely unassuming and casual, with plastic chairs and self-serve coffee.  And yes, it is on a farm with 100% outdoor seating.  There's even an occasional breeze that may blow mesquite leaves onto your plate.  But if this sort of encounter somehow does not relax you, or even bothers you, then I suggest going next door for a wonderful massage at the spa.Seriously, this is what you need on a casual weekend morning, before heading back into a stressful work week on Monday.  Go here if you haven't already.
4	I think a great weekend starts with a great breakfast., ideally including a mimosa.  And I've not found a better place to have breakfast than Morning Glory Cafe.The atmosphere is wonderful. It's quiet, laid-back, and beautiful. Morning Glory is set on a farm property near South Mountain. I found it easy to forget that I was still in the middle of a major metropolitan area.And the food is excellent. I had French toast with apple butter and pecans. The thick slices of country bread were soft but never got soggy with syrup. I also had some locally made sausage, which had a delightful hint of spice that really offset the sweetness of the rest of the meal.I would definitely recommend this place, especially on a nice spring or autumn morning.
4	Enjoyed a lovely brunchy meal with some darling friends. We have fun trying new places every couple of months or so .. and Saturday's  adventure was the Farm.   Morning Glory  is a great little out of the way place .Seating is all outside and the view is near Maya's Garden and Quiescence. It has that "local" vibe , people are streaming in in their hiking and biking  clothes, families with kids and dogs in tow seem to have been here before.   We were quickly seated passing by a waitress with two platters with the French toast / Monte Cristo type sandwich . Big enough to feed a family of five..Holy Guacamole as my 2nd graders say. We settle in after getting ourselves  either tea, water or lemonade.. can't decide if i love or hate this... get your own beverage..  yeah I can get my own whenever I  want.... oh dang I got to get up again and get my drink ... I ordered the South Mountain Omelet which has the on site grown veggies from Maya's . Heavy on the zucchini   light on the goat cheese, very tasty.  A small but tasty biscuit came with it.   Friend enjoyed their egg sandwiches and all were happy and content. Light mental note --this is outside on a "farm/garden" there will be bright sun and we had a lot of flies. Off putting for some ..not us. Cute little place definitely going on my take mom here list. I'll be back.
4	1. enjoyed brunch with mom and dog2. a lovely morning place just gorgeous and wouldnt even know it was in this area3.  got coffee while we waited for seat sat in the quiescence area. just lovely outside4. side note have to come for dinner, drink by the fire pit outside5. had mamosas and french toast, mom had bloody mary and spinach and eggwhite omelet--mine was awesomeBLOODYMARY TOO SPICY and egg white omelet was bland-otherwise we BOTH AGREE WE STILL LOVE the atmosphere!6.walked around and noticed SPA AREA, ART GALLERY, homegrown veggies, and even wine TASTING  party nov 22
3	Let's establish something before you read my review; I'm a tough critic on breakfast joints since my husband cooks the best breakfasts around! You're paying for ambiance and serenity when you eat at Morning Glory Cafe, which is sometimes worth it. Today was a beautiful day to eat on the patio with friends, however, I found the food overpriced for what it was...and not just because I'm a cheap-ass, even my DINK friends thought it was pricey.  The unlimited coffee was pretty nice, though I heard average reviews from the other 8 people in my group on their food. My taco shells with eggs were good, but I could make something just as good at home for half the price. The grounds are simply beautiful though (5 Stars for them), so you're paying for the luxury of enjoying their beautiful farm and fresh produce. We walked around and looked at the chickens, strolled the vast lawns, and perused the gift shop. Overall a nice way to spend a Saturday morning in the beautiful weather.
3	Fantastic Ambiance.So so service.  I don't like that you have to get your own water.Okay food.  I had some veggie/egg thing with truffle oil on top.  The best part was the turnips in it.
5	Yummy brunch in a cute setting.  The restaurant is one of three on a farm.  The Morning Glory Cafe is devoted to breakfast/brunch items while the other two restaurants serve lunch and dinner.  I had the Farm Monte Cristo -- the perfect combination of salty and sweet.  The eggs were cooked just the way I like them.  The Morning Glory Benedict was also excellent.  Loved the farm greens on the benedict, tasted very fresh.  No complaints here.
4	A great place to enjoy a meal outside.  The farm was serene and the weather was perfect.  The Farm Monte Cristo, a "french toast sandwich" with ham and eggs, was very tasty.  The french toast was melt in your mouth and the over easy eggs added a nice level of texture.  I was a little scared when I saw the sandwich drowning in maple syrup, but was pleasantly surprised when it wasn't overly sweet.  I also liked getting my own coffee as I felt their service was a little slow.  I have been looking for a brunch joint in Phoenix and I think I found a winner.  Oh yeah, this is also a nice place to bring your 4-legged friend if you have one.
4	Farm monte cristois more than one can hope forprepare for big bliss.
5	All I can say is, "wow." 5 star food, 6 star location/scenery, just an incredible dining experience for a crisp, Sunday morning. Yes you have to get your own water/coffee and yes the service is a bit inconsistent. If you can't get past that, then I recommend Denny's. They're all over the place. If you can dig a relaxed pace in a very serene, almost bucolic setting in the middle of the desert with the best monte cristo I've ever had, then head over to Morning Glory. Can't wait to try the dinner restaurant.
5	They had us the moment we drove up the bark chipped driveway, through the arbor, and up to the patio with red checked table cloths.the day before, we had breakfast at La Grande Orange, and my husband was sure I couldn't top that experience...but Yelp did not disappoint!!I had the Monte Cristo....slow roasted Black Forest Ham, thinly sliced, and served with an egg-over (had mine over hard...it's a yolk thing) with swiss cheese and sandwiched between brioche french toast....delightful!Hubs had a sausage omelet with veggies and hash browns....To speak to the prices...I honestly don't think that paying $10-$11 per breakfast entree is exorbitant. Especially when you realize that they are serving food made from mostly organic, and all premium sources.There is a price involved when a restaurant stays true to a seasonable and sustainable food source, and I'm willing to pay a few bucks extra for "slow food" vs. fast.the $9 Bloodies were a bit steep, but by the time I had mine plus half of my husbands, I was as happy as can be:)Warning: only visit the Morning Glory Cafe when you have time to relax and enjoy....uptight people need not attend...be prepared to stroll through the Artist's Studio and Maya's Farm....we stayed so long we almost went to lunch at the Farm Kitchen!We look forward to coming back for dinner at Quinessence next time we visit Phoenix.Big love to Wayne Smith for creating such a delightful venue!!
3	Was visiting the area on business and specifically looked for a cafe with organic menu items.  The setting seems a world away from the city, but it took less than 10 minutes to get to the airport.  Parking signs direct cars to park across the street, so I did, but one can actually drive back to the Morning Glory Cafe.  I didn't mind the 4 minute walk as the grounds are beautiful.  I sat on the patio overlooking the gardens.  Since the waitress asked if I wanted something to drink, I assumed she would provide it.  She informed me that coffee, tea and lemonade were behind me and it was self serve.  No biggy - but all the cups were disposable, including clear plastic cups for water (not necessarily a huge deal if they didn't tout their recycling efforts and sustainability on the back of the menu).  The coffee was very weak... and I tried 2 different containers.  Boo! Service was good even with a packed patio.  They did use their farm ingredients in many of the dishes.  I ordered the white truffle scrambled egg & local veggie skillet, which came with sauteed cauliflower, peas, green beans, and a couple strips of spinach.  The veggies were fresh, but the dish lacked flavor.  Maybe I was expecting some fresh herbs or more seasoning?  The setting is a 4, the service is a 3-4, but the food which is the most important part - a 3.  I would go back to try one of the other two restaurants.  Lunch on the picnic benches or a nicer dinner at Quiessence, with daily menu changes, sounds appealing.
4	3.5, but the grounds and surroundings make me comfortable rounding up.We went here for brunch in January, and I had the South Mountain Omlette at the Morning Glory Cafe for bunch - the goat cheese was generous, creamy, and tangy.  And the salsa verde was drizzled so that I got a little in every bite.My companion got the veggies with truffle oil, which were super tasty and served in a very hot skillet.  The portions were pretty generous, even though everything was a couple dollars more than I thought was necessary.Especially since you have to get your own coffee and water.  Also, it was a nippy winter morning, and the fire-stick-heater thing by us wasn't lit.  We had to ask twice before someone brought the warmth back.That being said, though, I would absolutely come back for brunch on a lazy weekend, and take my precious time lounging in the garden patio, checking out the scenery and being serenaded by happy chickens.
4	Really good breakfast, fresh ingredients, friendly staff.Daddy like.
4	What a beautiful setting to eat breakfast in.  That's why I'm giving it four stars.  The eggs were yummy, the potatoes a little dry, and the coffee I would have preferred in an actual mug instead of a throw-away cup, although it did allow me to carry it around as we roamed the beautiful farm after eating.  What a nice way to spend a weekend morning.
4	Awesome fresh ingredients, great fresh-baked scones, and an awesome location at the back of the Farm at South Mountain. Morning Glory cafe has amazing omelettes--the Greek and Farm are my favorites. They also have delicious french toast.If you have friends come in from out of town this is the ideal place to take them for a Sunday brunch.
3	I have to agree with Helen Y. I love the atmosphere at the Farm at South Mountain. However, the Morning Glory Cafe left much to be desired. I didn't mind the wait, as that's typical during weekend brunch. I especially loved that we were lucky enough to get a table on the outside of the layout so that I could keep my bike near me while we ate. Unfortunately, there is no good way to lock your bike up while on the property from what I could see. And this isn't just because I'm overprotective about my bike (though we all know I am).The service was fairly good. Our sever kindly answered all our questions and dealt with our crazy bill splitting. Our meals came out in a reasonable amount of time and all at the same time too :)On recommendation of the server, my debate between the spinach mushroom omelet and the eggs Benedict ended with the Benedict. I probably would've rather had the omelet or some a la carte items. For some reason the eggs Benedict just seemed overly spiced to me, and I love spice. The home fries didn't look or taste right either, though I've seen pictures of them looking delicious :-/As far as beverages go, the revolution individual herbal teas are the awesome. I didn't even know revolution made those. LOVE. Also loved the way my friend's mimosa came, with a small carafe of orange juice and a tiny bottle of sparkling wine. Individual sized things are also the awesome.One other small note... crayons for the tables would be awesome if you always use the white paper as a tablecloth!!Will I come back again? Probably. There were a lot of items on the menu that looked delicious. I had a piece of the apple-wood bacon and it was heaven.
4	In the middle of the big city it is really hard to find a peaceful outdoor space to escape. But now I know all I need to do is swing by Morning Glory and the rest of the farm. My group of 6 arrived at 10:30am for brunch on a Saturday. The place was PACKED! Always a good sign I say. We waited about 1/2 hour to get our table but time flew by with conversations and relaxing/taking in the scenery of the farm. Once seated we all pulled out pens and drew all over our butcher paper table cloth. Us 20/30 something year olds turned into 7 year olds drawing all over the table. Our service was great! For as crazy busy as they were everything came out tasting wonderful! I ordered up the eggs benedict. All of the egg dishes use the farms eggs from chickens you can see for yourself just a few yards away. Yum yum! I also got to sample some of my friends applewood smoked bacon. OMG! This bacon will make you drool for more! In her words "They really smoke it with real apples!" hehe One of the best parts of the meal that really impressed me was that they have a self serve station for water, tea and coffee. I liked not having to wait for our waitress to bring me more water or coffee I could just jump up and get it myself. Don't try to make this a quick stop for breakfast or brunch. Plan to spend the morning or afternoon there and take in the relaxing outdoors, the restaurant, farm and to local shopping just steps away. Enjoy and relax!
5	our group always stays @ the legacy golf course, so this gem is by far a spot we will hit time and time again!  i had the monte cristo, and i will always have the monte cristo...for some reason the farm reminds me of sonoma county, specifically my aunt letizia's house in sonoma.  the coffee, the mimosas, the biscuits, and ambience are quality!  can't wait to be back to the farm & morning glory!  we'll have to try one of the other restaurants there next time too!
5	Put it this way: Every guest I have in Phoenix, I force to get the Monte Cristo at Morning Glory. It is just that good. Taking my parents here in two weeks and my mouth is salivating already.
5	I'm all over the CSA idea and I feel like this is the next best thing.  We stumbled across this place on yelp and I'm so glad we tried it for breakfast.  It's breakfast on the farm!  I had a omelette which I always shy away from because of overcooked, dried eggs - but there weren't at all.  I had a bite of their Monte Cristo - and since I never had one before - it was scrumptious.  They use fresh ingredients, mostly from their farm.  Luckily we went on a Friday morning, as we heard the weekends get crowded.  Who would've thunk there'd be farms in the desert!
2	I so wanted to love this place. I'd heard great things about the food, love the concept and was looking forward to a wonderful experience. What a disappointment. We were seated within 20 minutes or so of arrival, which was great considering the crowd. It was nice to have somewhere to walk around, and we were able to serve ourselves tea and coffee while we waited. Once seated, however, it took 20 minutes for anyone to take our order, and another 45 for the food to come. Our food arrived cold. Husband and I both ordered eggs "over medium;" mine were runny and undercooked, his were hard and scaly. "Home fries" were a mound of mushy, under-seasoned potatoes. We were offered jam when the food came, but the waitress never returned with it. My husband asked one of the other staff if they had any jam, received a curt, "yes" as a reply, but they didn't offer to help in any way. For the prices (average $10 plus $2.25 for a self-serve drink), I can think of many places I'd rather spend my dining dollars. Yes, the grounds are lovely and I like that most of the food is from local suppliers (which does not mean it was raised on THIS farm, BTW), but there are many lovely patios in Phoenix with much better food and service.
2	After reading the reviews, I was shocked by the quality of this place.  I went in early May and found that they only had outdoor seating with no misters/fans which made having brunch in 90' heat unpleasant. The trees were shedding into the food (there are things known as umbrellas).  The bucolic country ambiance I found nice (though not for everyone).The food was totally pedestrian. I could cook everything myself and do a better job.  The one of the poached eggs was cooked all the way through.   The cowboy chili and eggs weren't great (the meat in the chili was really grainy and tough).    I had the breakfast tacos, and it was fine -- the chorizo wasn't as good as you can get in the valley.  The self-serve coffee and lemonade was nice.   But there wasn't anything write home about.In summary this is a low 2* review (I reserve 1* for places that can make you sick).
4	Beautiful environment, good food but not the best breakfast in town. The bacon, although very tasty, was paper thin, a bit light for me.  We enjoyed the setting and for the most part, the breakfast was pretty good. Be prepared to wait for a table, take a walk around the grounds and enjoy the farm's environment
4	This place has been on our to-do list for over a year before we finally made it here...and I could have kicked myself for waiting so long!Upon arrival, we were immediately taken w/the place.  The grounds were beautiful and we truly felt like we've "left town" and was at someplace else.  There is usually a line for breakfast but once you sign in you can walk the grounds and garden or sit on the outside patio (in front of the other restaurant that's only open for dinner).  This place is also dog friendly and if you get a drink from the bakery up front, you can refill it at the cafe when you sit down for breakfast.When we come here, we always go for the French Toast and something else.  Have you ever had something so good that it ruins it for you to get it anywhere else?  This is what their French Toast did to me...from that moment on...all French Toasts will be compared to this one.  The bread they use is super light and fluffy, sprinkled w/toasted pecan & served w/warm & silky maple syrup.  It's really simple...yet so unbelievably delicious.We usually also get some sort of egg breakfast and they've been pretty good.  Their potatoes are also good and I always request mine extra crispy like my bacon.Another plus is they have fresh-squeezed OJ and the service is always prompt, courteous and mindful.
2	Came here for my birthday which was on a Wednesday in March. The weather was beautiful and breezy. There were some people but there were many open tables so we got right in. We also brought our little dog since we planned to go hiking after and wanted to bring her. It was nice to find a place to bring your four legged friend! Anyways, the first thing we noticed was the self serve coffee, water and lemonade. We actually liked this idea! The only thing that I had an issue with is that they don't mention that there is a charge for the lemonade. They really should have a sign or something that mentions this. While looking over the menu, we noticed that the trees above us kept shedding leaves which we really were not excited about getting into our meals when they arrived. The waitress was really nice and moved an umbrella over to shield us a little from the greenage dropping into our food. I decided on the monti cristo (over easy eggs, ham, and swiss cheese sandwiched between french toast with maple syrup) and my husband chose the cheese omelet with home fries. The monti cristo was soooo good. The only issue was that I noticed pieces of paper packaging still on my ham. It wasn't very much but it was a bit irritating having to peel little pieces of paper off of my ham! My husband was not impressed with his meal at all. He said the cheese on the omelet was nothing more than velveeta, the biscuit served with his meal was grainy and tough, and the home fries were not very flavorful. The prices were pretty high for breakfast and my husband said his breakfast didn't even fill him up. After breakfast, we walked around the farm a bit which was cool. The only thing we noticed was that there were no signs up next to each crop stating what they were. I would have liked to know what each was. To sum it up, it was a nice, peaceful atmosphere and I was happy that I could bring my little doggie. However, I didn't feel it was worth the price and being the fattie that I am, I really don't like to have distractions from eating my meals (leaves falling in my food, packaging on my ham...). I don't think we would go back unless our dogs wanted to go our for breakfast. Haha
4	I had known about the Farm, but in all my years living in the valley (I'm a Phoenix native, so there's a lot of years there ;), I had yet to go.  We had a "Mommy Day" planned (two out of the three are/were pregnant and the day consisted of breakfast, mani/pedis, and finished up with a baby shower.) which started out at MGC.  The second pregnant pal suggested we go to MGC for breakfast and everyone readily agreed.  When we arrived, our orders were taken swiftly.  I must say that they are very accommodating at MGC.  I had asked if I could order hard boiled eggs instead of scrambled/fried for my breakfast and they were more than happy to oblige my breakfast revision.  My only quibble is the fact that we were not aware that you had to pay for the self-serve beverages.  After trying/disliking the lemonade, I went back for ice tea.  Thankfully, I was only charged for one.  Can not wait to go back once MGC opens back up this fall!
4	In my past career life, I worked near South Mountain and during my lunch hour, I eagerly searched for cuisines to peak my interest. I'd overhear coworkers chatting about a "farm" and I wondered if I possibly worked with a bunch of former farmers? Then I stumbled past the Farm one day and experienced Morning Glory Cafe for the first time. That first time turned into many many more visits and I still try to make my way to the south side from time to time. Burgers. Yes, I do like burgers. It's an all American cuisine so therefore I don't think I should be judged. Well, the Morning Glory Cafe burger is tastilicious. It's so good I had to combine two words. The breakfast is scrumptious and they have a tasty brunch as well. Full of fresh ingredients, each item on the menu has its own unique taste. And the baked goods. Oh my baked goodness. Try the scones. The atmosphere is adorable and filled with character. Hidden in the middle of a "farm" you could pass by this little gem in the desert and never realize it was just past the main road. Whenever I enter, I feel like I've left Arizona and I've been transported to a little farm in California. I love the quaint feel the Morning Glory Cafe gives me. It isn't a big and open restaurant full of hustle and bustle. Instead, it's a small and intimate setting and I feel like I am having lunch at a friend's home on a Saturday afternoon. It was the perfect escape from the work day. Oh and I could get in and out and still make it back within the hour. So if you're ever in the vicinity of South Mountain and looking for a little escape from desert reality, give Morning Glory Cafe a try.
5	A good friend once said that everything tastes good with truffle oil.I couldn't agree more, and that's just one of the reasons I love the Morning Glory Cafe.Let's start with ambience.  It's an outdoor patio, with trees providing the shade.  It's morning on a farm, so the cock will crow every now and then.  Birds actually sing.  And it's Phoenix, so the weather is going to be perfect 99% of the time.The coffee (serve yourself!) is a decent blend.  But the highlight of the breakfast was the veggie skillet - farm fresh vegetables done in a skillet (this mornings selection included fennel, squash and red onion), together with skillet potatoes, and topped with scrambled eggs finished with white truffle oil.I know - it makes me salivate just thinking about it.  And that's what makes a good restaurant.
4	the first time i dined here I was not that impressed but this mornings breakfast was excellent i had the monte cristo wife had eggs bene and our friend had the breakfast tacos which looked great as well service was  pleasant
2	To begin, I really wish I could rate the food and the service separately. I would give the service a 1 and the food a 4. I had been wanting to go to The Farm at South Mountain for some time now and waited until the weather cooled down in order to go try out this place I have heard so much about. The organic farm, rose garden, picnic tables, shade trees, and the whole ambiance of the farm was wonderful. It was almost like we weren't in Arizona anymore.        As we approached the hostess she was clearly not the most patient of people. She stated that she was not going to wait long for people to come up to claim their table when she called their name. You practically had to run up there in order to get seated at your table, otherwise she swiftly moved down the list to the next name. I think allowing people a good 60 seconds to make it up to the hostess to claim their table sounds reasonable, don't you? To be fair, it was 12:30pm and I think they close at 1, but still...  She directed us to our table where we sat ourselves to view the menu. The server came over and promptly informed us that they were out of french toast, the Monte Cristo, and that you could not order bacon or sausage on the side. The only way you could get bacon or sausage is if you ordered an item on the menu that included it. Apparently they were almost out of that too! A bit ridiculous if you ask me. I ended up ordering the Blueberry Waffles which were absolutely phenomenal. The whipped cream on top was the best whipped cream I have ever tasted. My dining companion ordered the American Breakfast and asked for the eggs on the side, on an additional plate because he is allergic to eggs. Of course, the plate ended up coming out with the eggs on the plate with the rest of his food. Food allergies should be taken seriously. Obviously, the allergy note got lost somewhere along the line. I ended up eating his eggs, which were really great as well. I also tried the breakfast potatoes that came with his breakfast and found them well seasoned and very tasty.       My dining companion will not be returning to this restaurant. Normally after an experience like this I wouldn't either. I did really like the food & ambiance though, so I will probably give this place another try. I think I will come earlier so they don't run out of the french toast again! I really wanted to try that... I hope that I am able to revise this review in the future.
3	Good place but I am a breakfast lover and would say that it's worth going to but not the place I would make my regular hangout.  We came here twice in a three week span and had two very different experiences.  The first time was mid morning on the weekend.  Very busy as you would expect as it is very popular.  Don't necessarily park across the street and walk all the way up the gravel road.  There is typically a couple few spots right by the place so drive the gravel road and park.  The wait was an hour but we were ok with that because we wanted to try it.  We had the eggs benedict, over medium eggs and home made sausage, and shared the blueberry waffles with vanilla whip cream.  All very good.  The coffee and drinks you get yourself on the back counter.  The service was relatively good the first time even though you could tell she didn't want to be there.The second time we arrived later on the weekend, still busy, but only a 15 minute wait.  Cool.  We ordered the blueberry waffle again, ham and cheese omelet, and the over medium eggs with bacon this time.  Get the sausage, the bacon was thin and greasy.  This time the server tells us 2 minutes before the food is delivered that they ran out of whip cream for the waffles.  We're like, ok fine.  I'll tell you what, they are much better with that vanilla whip cream.  The omelet looked like they ran out of cheddar cheese too because there was none inside and on top just a sprinkle, strange.  The server was a nice kid but absolutely didn't want to be there and wasn't attentive at all.  Not too mention the table was FUBAR'ed.  No exaggeration, if you pushed on the table table top with two fingers you could flip a drink over because it swayed a foot either way.  Nice.  Look, we were gentle with the table, didn't complain, just wanted the same food from the time before.  Not the case. Also, don't forget this is outdoor.  So keep that in mind if you don't like the outdoors.  Very pretty area.
4	Great, hearty breakfast and wonderful coffee!  Breakfast is served outside and we have a baby and were worried it wouldn't too cold but it was a beautiful December morning in the sun.  After breakfast visited the farm, gift shop, and chickens while walking my little baby around.  The perfect way to start the day peacefully and well fed.
5	So delicious. Probably the best breakfast place in Phoenix. The service was fine, and it was nice to eat breakfast outside on a cold brisk morning. There are heaters outside too! The food was excellent. We tried the chili and Monte Cristo -- so so so good. I'm going back.
5	My wife took me here on my birthday for breakfast and it was excellent.  The weather was perfect which made sitting outside overlooking their grounds an absolute pleasure.  Our waitress was excellent and our food arrived quickly on the semi-busy Saturday morning.  It looked like the place fills up pretty quickly so the earlier you get here the better.Do yourself a favor and get their Bloody Mary.  It was phenomenal and simply the best I've ever had.  I'm pretty sure they only use ingredients from their garden and blend them fresh when you order it.  It was amazing.While EVERYTHING on the menu looks excellent, I had the white truffle scrambled eggs vegetable skillet and it was tasty and delicious.  It came with 2 pieces of their griddled bread with was amazing and it absolutely made the meal complete.  It was the best "toast" I've ever had.Anyway, I can't wait to go back!
4	The reviews are pretty much right on. The parking across the street (don't drive in the ditch thinking it is the driveway), the long walk down the gravel road (something my Father would not be into), to the bark path and hard to read signage. We went on a Thursday around 9am and shared the place with one other couple. I had the Monte Cristo Breakfast and it was awesome. My wife had the South Mountain Omelet and it was fresh and tasty. The goat cheese along with the salsa verde made the omelet.The coffee was luke warm at best. I asked our server if he could freshen it up a bit, he took it and threw it in the bushes. He said that is what they do on the farm. He returned with a fresh cup. The coffee is not spectacular at all, marginal at best. He was a good server with about 5 tables by the end of our meal.I am not a fan of the limited beverage selection there. I understand if they don't want fountain drinks there, but they should have an old time Coke machine for those that like soda. Either that or a self serve beverage tub with ice.All and all it was a good $32 breakfast. But not something that would draw me back again.
4	I love every place on South Mountain. I've been wanting to try a Monte Cristo for awhile now. The wait was well worth it. Massive flavor explosion in the mouth. Finished it off, chased it with fresh lemonade, and seriously wanted to order round two. For sure will be back next week for that second one.
5	Great food and atmosphere
4	Great place, totally didn't mind that it was a $40 breakfast for two (we had a mimosa, coffee and oj, which added a lot to the bill). If you dont' load up on drinks your bill won't be so bad. The food was exceptional and the atmosphere cannot be beat. So nice on a beautiful sunny day with 74 degree temps. Really gorgeous.  Go before 10 am on a Sunday or it will be totally crazy busy.  Overall a great place and we'd go back.
3	The first time I ate at Morning Glory Cafe, I was impressed; the second time I was less so. The Farm at South Mountain is a wonderful spot--a diamond in the rough. It has a broken-down rustic charm and is a great way to spend a Sunday morning or afternoon.I'm disappointed to say that I'm disappointed with the Morning Glory Cafe. The service is just ok and unyielding (i.e. when my fiance asked for a side of chili the waitress said, "no, we don't do anything like that here", making it sound like an outrageous demand). And although I LOVE that the food is made from locally produced/grown animals/vegetables, it's a bit lacking in taste and high in price. $60 for one muffin, two breakfast plates, and tip? A little pricey for breakfast in my opinion.Overall, the experience of the Farm at South Mountain is one you can't miss. My advice, though: bring a picnic. There are plenty of benches and picnic tables throughout the Farm.
3	I agree with Jessica F. I keep trying to love this place but there are other breakfast spots that I prefer -- save the ambiance. You really cannot beat The Farm setting. The breakfast tacos are good but (and the menu description says this) they come in HARD taco shells.Definitely consider this spot to kick off a romantic, relaxing day and for out of town guests.
5	Best breakie/brunch food EVER! The food is great and the organic coffee is yummy. My Fiance and I are having our wedding at the Farm and specifically wanted a brunch wedding so that we could eat the yummy breakfast food.
2	The atmosphere was really awesome but everything else was lacking. Sitting outside under the large trees was really nice, only having Coffee, Tea, Lemonade, and water as your drink choices was not. Oh did I mention you had to serve your own drinks. The portions were small and expensive, and nothing to write home about in the taste department.I feel that the only reason people give this 4 stars is because it is trendy to like Organic locally grown places.
3	Very nice venue but the food is only good and the prices are high for breakfast. Liberty Market is still heads and shoulders better in all departments save ambiance. This place is marginally more dog friendly because ALL of their seating is outdoors. If I was reviewing the food alone this place would get a solid two star rating. "Meh" perfectly describes everything we ate and drank. I had the monte cristo sandwich and it was... uninspired. Tasty but not $11 tasty. My Lady had one of their omelettes, it too was tasty but just not ZOMG fantastic. Their portions are small for a breakfast place and that's great, I just wish they'd charge a smaller amount to reflect that.   Still, it is certainly one of the nicest places to eat breakfast on a balmy Sunday.
4	I've brunched here a few times, several years apart. each time i receive exceptional service and amazing food as well as great scenery! i recommend the eggs benedict and the farm-stand omelet.  and why not order a mimosa while you're at it!  most dishes are around $10/$12 and the mimosa was $9. they have self serve containers of  fresh squeezed orange juice, water and coffee. you can park across the street and walk through the pecan grove or go totally rogue and drive right up to the cafe. i recommend walking, better experience. you can also visit the cafe store and purchase queen creek olive oil (awesome) and my personal favorite, chocolate chip coconut macaroons. this place is great, especially if you find yourself sick of the endless subdivisions and pavement that is phoenix.
3	I like the concept of eating at a farm.  And Morning Glory brought that concept to reality.  The food was fresh.  But I felt it was a bit overpriced.
2	Finally was able to make it here for breakfast. My opinion, I will NOT be back. As we were walking up to the place, I said "O now this is the kind of place we should be taking our out of town visitors.". Well, on 2nd thought, NO. We went today, a weds, there was no wait and we were seated promptly. We were informed that the beverages was self serve as far as coffee, water, tea and lemonade goes. We started with tea-dislike, then lemonade-dislike. And did I mention we self served ourselves in a 12 oz cup with a price of $2.75, WOW! If it was to our liking, Id say that is still steep for a self serve drink in a 12oz cup. He had the monte cristo, which he liked but was not blown away for the price. I had the french toast and it was only ok. I also ordered a side of sausage that i DISLIKED and it was $4 for I think 2 links, WOW. And once our food came, the flys were EVERYHWERE. I kid you not when I say I couldnt wait to get outta there. I left very disappointed, and hungry. Will never return or recommend. But hey, try it for yourself, you may like it. I just think it was too high priced for what we got.
5	Morning Glory Cafe is a hidden gem in the middle of south Phoenix.  While sitting in the cafe or garden waiting to be seated (it can be a while) the sounds of bird song fills the air and enticing aromas from the kitchen flow by teasing your nose and creating thoughts on what culinary delights will soon be filling your belly.  The service has always been exceptional and the servers will always make sure you have a good experience.  One person that stands out in my mind as an example of how to keep things running smoothly is Cliff, he is the best!  He keeps the place cruising along at an unhurried, yet efficient pace with a calmness that is at the core of the experience The Farm offers.  Give it a try if you haven't and keep coming back if you have.  This place is great for biking, bringing your well behaved dogs and just spending some quality time with family or friends.
4	Beautiful outdoor cafe where I am finally okay with going somewhere filled with families and aren't bothered. Seriously though, PHX area is overflowing at the brim with families out to eat everywhere so it was awesome to find a delicious, fresh, local breakfast option where I wouldn't lose my mind over all the screaming children. While MGC does cater to families each table feels secluded and you can take in the nature and beauty of the farm, not to mention eat and chat in peace. Another reason for picking MGC is their use of local sustainable ingredients. As a vegetarian I think its really important to support local farmers so I am happy to see this trend picking up in AZ. I enjoyed the white truffle egg skillet with local veggies, it was phenomenal. Being veg I can sometimes get shafted by just eggs and toast dishes or the occasional bland omlette but this dish was so flavorful and full of deliciously chopped veggies (I know I saw some potatoes, cauliflower, bell pepper and green onion to name a few). I would considering bumping my fav breakfast dish 'eggs florentine' down a notch for this skillet.
1	We drove up this morning and were a bit confused to find the cafe closed. Several other people were there staring at the deserted cafe and wondering where the staff was. We had all read this message on the cafe's website:"From 6/4 to 6/19 Morning Glory will only be Open on Weekends."Wouldn't you think that means they are still open on Thursday June 2nd?  Apparently, they meant to say "closed weekdays starting 5/30", but aren't so good with the English language.Oh well, it's a beautiful farm and almost worth driving out here just for the scenery. Ok, not really. If you are reading this, Morning Glory owners, please learn to communicate your seasonal closing dates  correctly next year.
5	When somebody says "breakfast in Phoenix," this place instantly jumps to the top of my mind.I'm always shocked when I hear that people have lived in Phoenix and never been here and some never heard of it. I suppose this truly is a "hidden gem" as people say. I generally make a point of taking any visiting friends or family here at least once. It really can't be beat; from the food, to the servers, to the whole ambiance, Morning Glory is top notch.The entire place is outdoors, in the shade of large, beautiful trees. The food is made from fresh, local ingredients. Families and friends are sitting around enjoying the experience. People bike up, and some even bring their dogs. Local vendors can be seen at times selling honey, jam, oil, bread and music unobtrusively in the yard. You can even see and walk over to the gardens and chicken coops where some of the wonderful ingredients come from!I hope this place never changes.
4	This place is a hidden gem!!Everything on the menu looked SO good.... I couldn't decide. Sooooo I got the following:French Toast (Sweet Rustic Bread, Apple Butter, Candied Pecans and Warm Syrup) + Side of 1 egg and a side of applewood smoked Bacon (3 Slices) The french toast came out with 3 THICK slices of bread, a TON of apple butter and a sprinkling of pecans. While the bread was fresh and soft... it didnt really have much flavor... I like my french toast to be more cinnamony... Plus, there was just TOO MUCH butter and not enough pecans.The bacon was MONEY!! It was peppered (which I LOVE) and cooked perfectly. My friend got the blueberry Belgian waffle which she swapped 1/2 for 1/2 of my french toast.The waffle was probably the best thing there.... light and fluffy with WHOLE blueberries in it... YUM.Also, my other friend's meal came with a biscuit and "home fries" which she let me try. The biscuit was warm and fresh out of the oven but a bit too dense for my taste... the "home fries" are actually just seasoned and slightly mashed up potatoes... they were REALLY good... spicy and very flavorful. I wish I had ordered some!! I also got a glass of fresh squeeze orange juice. DELICIOUS!!! The food here is great, but what really makes this place a hit is the ambiance... the little tables under the shade of the trees and the farmy, rustic feel. GO HERE!!
3	The atmosphere is really what draws you in! My carnivore friends gobbled their meals down, the chili and egg dish was a hit with them. The only vegan option I found was granola and fruit parfait (yogurt omitted of course) and it was TASTY! We came after hiking South Mountain and felt comfortable in our post hike outfits. All in all, cute place with friendly service.
4	Great place for someone like me who misses the farming community of rural Vermont.  Great breakfast options.  Downside?  Get your own beverages (Coffee, juice, water, tea, etc.)...
5	Not obvious where it's at from the road (it's tucked back deep inside where it says (Farm At South Mountain) on the sign.  Cool atmosphere, birds chirpin, dogs running around.  Get your own coffee or water.  Food is farmed right there so everything is fresh.  Had smoky apple bacon, scrambled eggs, homemade biscuit, and russett potatoes which was mixed with beans or something, but REALLY good flavor.  If your near sky harbor, ya gotta go to this place for breakfast!
4	Went to Morning Glory Cafe at the Farm on Sunday, 10/9.  I almost always enjoy al fresco dining and especially LOVED the atmostphere here.  Liked that all food is grown on the property so I knew it would be fresh.  Had a tasty omelet that could've been bigger and WARMER when it hit our table.  Home fries were pretty cold.  Taste was good, temperature needs help by a warming light and/or wait staff to get it to table sooner.  Lots of pepper in food I ordered...I liked it, my friend wasn't thrilled w/ pepper taste.  You can't beat atmosphere at restaurant and surrounding farm area for a lovely stroll.  5 Stars for location and atmosphere, 3 stars for SIZE of omelet and cool temperature of food (so, overall will give it 4*)
5	Beautiful country setting in Phoenix on an old farm. Watch closely because it is easy to miss as it is actually an old farm near the Legacy Golf resort at South Mountain. Very good home made breakfast with fresh ingredients from the farm. Orange juice was fresh and tasty. Eggs and bacon were very good. Biscuits and gravy were excellent. The setting was the star of this breakfast!I would recommend ! You won't be sorry !
5	We came here on a beautiful Sunday morning. We sat outside, which i don't think there is inside seating here. But, not sure.                        Anyway, this is such a peaceful and beautiful place!                                  The Coffee and Tea were great. The Food wonderful!   So romantic and beautiful. This is the place to go to just relax and remember what a great place the Valley can be.
4	An absolutely perfect breakfast spot on a lovely day. For a Sunday between 1030 and noon, the wait was zero to ten minutes (pretty impressive for such a prime brunch hour). The grounds are gorgeous and shady, and include an entire farm and green house in which to walk off your meal, and the food was fantastic. I had the All American Breakfast, which included a perfect sized serving of bacon, two eggs, a biscuit and hash browns. Everything was how you would want it to be - the bacon crisp, the biscuits soft and buttery, the eggs fresh and cooked to order. My one complaint was the bloody mary, which was WAY too spicy. I'm not one to send a drink back, but it was ruining the meal because it was creating a reaction in my throat with each sip. I flagged down the waitress and asked to add more tomato juice to it to even it out (and she seemed to know what I was going to request before I said, leading me to believe this happens a lot and that they should reconsider their bloody mary mix recipe). But she was more than happy to correct it ... except that they had run out of tomato juice. I left the drink where she placed it back on the table, hoping I wouldn't have to ask to have it removed from the bill. Smartly, when she came to drop off the check, she asked if we were done and if I wanted the drink. I said no, she then handed us the appropriate ticket. She had the smarts to print one with the drink on it and one without so she would be prepared for either answer, eliminating any awkwardness or time wasting by going back to re-print it. Seriously, it's that kind of simple act of foresight that makes me love a venue's service.Oh, and they have wi-fi but I couldn't get my phone to pick up the network.
5	Breakfast burrito and French toast is where its at. Great friendly and fast service with quality food and super atmosphere. Yum.
4	It took a while for the food to come out, but I actually didn't mind because I got to enjoy and take in mother nature and the cute setting of the cafe (and that's a big deal coming from a typical fast paced/no patience for slow movers Jersey girl). Coffe and tea is also a serve yourself station so that kept me occupied while waiting for food and was a smart move on the owners' part (one less thing for the already busy servers). . Great cafe outdoors. Takes a while for the food to come out but it was packed.The Cowboy Breakfast Chili & Eggs (AZ Power Ranches Beef, Local Tepary Beans, Melting Cheddar Cheese, Two Over Easy Eggs, Sour Cream, Fresh Cilantro, and Griddled Bread) was really good. I really liked my Spinach and shiitake mushroom omelet as well. The prices weren't too bad either with all things considered.
4	Nice brunch on a beautiful day.  The place was still pretty packed at noon (they close at 1pm).  We ordered the eggs benedict, All American breakfast and egg white omelet.  Everything was very good. I'm not a mushroom fan so I didn't try the egg white omelet (it has portabello mushrooms in it).  But the benedict was tasty and teh all american breakfast came with a great biscuit that was super flaky.  Portions are not huge, but satisfying.  Its nice to be able to sit under large historic trees and enjoy the weather and company.  For those who have dogs you can bring them there!  Its a bit on the the pricey side (its no 2.99 special at Denny's), but you pay for the relaxing atmosphere.
3	After hitting up the downtown farmers market this past Saturday, the Hubs and I decided to give the Farm at South Mountain a try, since we are rarely in this area.  Although we were a bit confused on which restaurant was which, we ended up landing at the Morning Glory Cafe.  I must add, as other reviewers have noted, the scenery here is wonderful and unique.  That alone is a reason to stop by, but as food goes, I might just bring a picnic lunch or get lunch at the grill when I come back next time.I found the food to be mediocre at best.  I had the breakfast tacos, which were served in a hard shell - I didn't know restaurants served those anymore, especially on a breakfast taco.  The taste was fresh, minus the shell, but nothing special that I couldn't make myself at home.  The potatoes on the side had good flavor, but I would have preferred them to be crispier... they were rather soft.  The Hubs had the french toast, which he seemed to love.  I really saw him enjoying the candied pecans on top.  I liked the self serve lemonade/tea/coffee, although non were anything to write home about.So, if you're in the area and want to experience something different, I say why not try Morning Glory Cafe.  For me, next time I will try the deli/grill place at the front.  I love the idea of a picnic here on a beautiful spring or fall day.  Can't beat that!
5	Nice atmosphere. Monte Cristo French Toast was yummy but coffee was not good. Watch out for small leaves falling from the trees above and make sure you get a lid for your drinks.
5	My family has been going out to Phoenix for spring training for 30 years now, so we've seen a lot of what the city (and surrounding areas) has to offer, and I don't think I'm alone in saying that it gets a little monotonous. Super chains and greasy mom and pop shops permeate the market, and it gets to feeling like the fresh food revolution hasn't really hit the greater Phoenix area yet. But then you stumble across places like the Farm, and you get a little glimmer of hope that you can get a great meal here that doesn't leave you feeling about 20 pounds heavier-- it's possible people! It really is!The setting itself is not what I've come to expect from Phoenix-- the Farm is lush with trees, has a bit of a funky Santa Fe vibe, and IT'S NOT ALL BROWN. At the end of the long driveway is Morning Glory Cafe, set amongst flower beds and underneath tall trees. It did seem to be all outdoor seating. We were seated immediately and our attentive server took our drink orders (two mimosas, obviously), and we both ordered the eggs benedict on the recommendation of our waiter, who said the hollandaise sauce was particularly good that day. And it was! The dishes had just the right amount of it, and left you feeling full without leaving you ready to burst. Well cooked and well executed. I definitely recommend this restaurant for a change of pace, and a breath of fresh air!
2	My least favorite of the three places to eat at South Mountain.  I wasn't very impressed by the food, no where near as delicious as quiescence or the farm lunch.
5	Got to say one of the best brunches I've had in AZ in my long search for such a place after moving from cali and being surrounded by gems like this one. If you want quality fresh tasting food straight from the ground to the kitchen and then to your mouth this is the place. Brought my out of state mom for her bday she was in love, as a beach person she loves the outdoors and their outdoor dining did the trick for her. She even stated she would have never guessed she was still in Ph Phoenix. Between the 3 of us we ordered the monty crisco (my moms fav and so hard to find these days), the veggie skillet, and an omelette. None of us wanted to share! For the slightly urban hippie I feel I am meant to be I'm in heaven here.I will be back again and again and promise to try the bloody mary.
2	I went here for an early morning breakfast on a lovely Sunday morning 2 weeks ago for the 4th time. I had a terrible experience. It was tons of flies around while eating, the services wasn't good. The waitress was overwhelmed. The restaurant didn't have adequate silverware and no jelly. How can you serve breakfast and not have any jelly. I will not be back again to the Morning Glory Cafe.
4	I went here yesterday morning for brunch with my dad on my birthday and I thought it was really special. The farm is pretty, it feels like you are out of Phoenix for a minute. The food was excellent! We shared the cowboy eggs (or something like that) and the french toast. The cowboy dish was amazing, it is a big bowl of delicious, well seasoned, slightly spicy chili with two over easy eggs on top and two pieces of toasted and buttery bread. I thought it was a real gem. The french toast was also very very good. I am not super into sweet breakfast, but I might make an exception for this. The toast had a crispy outside and a soft inside, was covered in syrup and some kind of flavored butter, and topped with nuts...it was crazy good....I only deducted a star because it was my first time coming there and the place is a bit expensive, but there is no question I would come back here again. In fact....I want to go back right now!Oh, Tip: I saw the parking lot across the street from the farm and parked there BUT it is a long walk from there to the restaurant and there is closer parking...just not a ton of it.
2	I was here once. A reasonably sized girl broke her white plastic lawn chair and tumbled to the ground. I averted my gaze and tried to focus on my overpriced mediocre eggs benedict. My friend just laughed and laughed. I guess I should have ordered the mimosas, too.
2	:( I really wanted to like this place. I thoroughly enjoyed the farm, but I will review it separately. We were greeted by a busy waiter who quickly pointed to self-serve drinks (coffee, tea, water and lemonade) and ran off. We helped ourselves to some coffee and lemonade before we received our menus which stated that each drink was $2.75. I ordered the white truffled scrambled egg skillet (white truffles are my fave). I did not detect one bit of truffle essence in this dish. My fiance ordered the Cowboy Breakfast. It was like watered down chili with and egg on top. No great. The concept is great, but the way in which the food is prepared is super disappointing.
4	Loved this place, it is so quaint.  We happen to be in the neighborhood and i've always wanted to try this place.  The grounds are beautiful with huge grassy areas, picnic tables, huge gardens, etc.  We had breakfast here.  I had the South Mountain omelet with goat cheese and sauteed vegetables from their garden (zucchini, red pepper, onion, fennel, cauliflower).  You can not get more farm to table than this place.   My boyfriend had eggs benedict and he said the sauce was the best he has ever had - very rich.  He said the sauteed greens on the benedict was a nice touch.  It's very casual and it was packed.I definitely want to try the dinner restaurant, Quintessa?   It is expensive but would be such a great experience.  They said he butchers his own meat and flies in fresh seafood every day.   Yummy!
4	Brunch food here is pretty good - even by my snobby SF standards. I had the Cowboy Breakfast with beans which was tasty but the beans were underdone (a little too al dente). I did appreciate how they did their best to make sure everything was ethically/locally/sustainably sourced.And though I understand the appeal of eating outside at the farm, it was very distracting to have flowers/seeds falling from the trees onto our table through the entire meal. Were the chefs planning our meals around this additional food from the sky? Also, when I pointed out the decaf coffee was empty they said they'd fill it but did not even though I kept on eye on it throughout our meal.But these are small complaints. Overall the food is good.
5	Absolutely the best breakfast stop in the Phoenix area. Some may argue Matts Big Breakfast is best but I disagree. The atmosphere alone takes the cake and the food is also top of the list. Some my favorites are chili and eggs, salmon platter, and monte cristo.
4	Loved the scenic restaurant, right in the middle of the farm. My #1 spot for a weekend brunch.
4	My husband and I went here on a weekend in Phoenix that was actually pleasant and mild! The weather definitely helped improve my opinion of the place, as it is an outdoor restaurant.We had a slight wait on the Sunday morning that we went, which we didn't mind at all because of the lovely scenery at The Farm @ South Mountain. It definitely makes you forget that you are in the middle of the desert.We were seated at a 4-top, even though we were only a party of 2. It was nice to have the extra room! I got the American Breakfast, which included 2 scrambled eggs, home fries, applewood smoked bacon and a DELICIOUS biscuit that we had to order 2 more of, they were that good! My husband had the local Schreiner's sausage, tomato and cheese omelette, which he really enjoyed, but I think he could have easily eaten a slightly larger portion.The food was really great! We had a really sweet server as well.The only complaint I have is that they had what looked like an all-you-can-drink beverage bar, where they were serving lemonade, tea and water from big canteens in plastic cups. Of course, we grabbed 2 drinks thinking "Oh, how nice!" Unfortunately, both drinks turned up on our tab. I would have appreciated someone warning us that they charge for the drink bar.But, that's OK. Now I am more informed and I would definitely come back here!
5	Best breakfast in the city at the farm... Get there before 10am
5	I am already excited to return here for breakfast, even though I know it will be packed! We lucked out and went yesterday for breakfast, and it had just re-opened for the season the day before, so not many people knew that it is open, so it was amazing. Lots of empty tables and no wait. I loved driving in on the long driveway, surrounded by green grass and pecan trees. Passing a greenhouse and chicken coop, we parked and then walked in with our dog. (Dogs are welcome on the patio). I ordered eggs, bacon, biscuit and homefries and my girlfriend ordered the monte cristo - ham, eggs and cheese between pieces of french toast and then smothered in maple syrup. Both of our meals were divine - fresh and with clean flavors. I love that the restaurants at The Farm use ingredients that they either grow on their property or get super locally. You can really taste it in the food. After breakfast we walked around the property, peaking in at the chickens and the different plants growing. Great spot that I highly recommend to everyone!
4	They just opened a couple of weeks ago now for their season while relies on good outdoor weather. Although it was very warm by the time my friends and I finished our breakfast, which we began at 9:30am, it was a great eating experience. Granola with fruit, French toast, corn porridge and my omelet were all enjoyed! Looking forward to going back another time when it gets cooler weather there in the Phoenix countryside, or as close to that as we can get and still just be a few short miles from the city.It is a pet-friendly place. Tables set aside for people wanting to sit with their dog and enjoy their meal. Cool!We must have it hit lucky as we got the last open table when we arrived at 9:30.The man who runs the greenhouse is a fountain of knowledge and will explain exactly what to do with the plant you buy so that it lives a long life, so be sure to check that out, along with walking the property. Just enjoy the outdoors and you will swear you are not even in the Phoenix desert.!
5	Superb.  Excellent service. Beautiful setting.  It feels like you are getting out of town to dine here.  Our meal was flawless.
3	09/30/12Had brunch here with my aunts and Mom.  While they placed orders for the American Breakfast, which consisted of two Hickman Farm eggs, over medium, home fries, a buttermilk biscuit, and applewood smoked bacon ($8.95) and the Rustic French Toast, whose description read rustic bread, apple butter, candied pecans, and warm syrup ($8.95), an aunt and I walked over to The Farm Kitchen to order a couple of sandwiches.  When we arrived back to MGC, we were surprised to find a bustling cafe, since it was a very warm afternoon.  However, it's always nice to see local restaurants busy any time of the year.  :)Mom and I always get the Monte Cristo, or the French Toast, and I swear every time we order the toast, it always looks different.  The best version we ever had it here was the first two times we tried it, years ago.  The photographs were already taken down long ago (?), but no matter- we still remember how great they were.  The first time, I asked if we could have bananas added, and so we were presented with a lovely plate of French toast with caramelized bananas, mixed berries, and pecans.  The second time, the kitchen ran out of bananas, so we just had blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, and strawberries, and chunks of candied pecans.  The last time we visited, we were told absolutely no additions could be made, but Mom wanted to try it, anyway.  Suffice it to say, she wasn't happy with the product.  So, I was surprised when we arrived and was told it was ordered.  It took awhile to arrive, but I must admit that when it did, my aunt and I enjoyed it! I didn't see much of the candied pecans, though... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morning-glory-cafe-phoenix?select=-wT5mZbSdPEuVjHRrusuRg#-wT5mZbSdPEuVjHRrusuRgThe American Breakfast was a sad sight to see... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/morning-glory-cafe-phoenix?select=ikrbRBUgz1Q-qYiH2ao_QQ#ikrbRBUgz1Q-qYiH2ao_QQ  Two thin strips of bacon, ONE egg, a tiny biscuit, and home fries.  Are you kidding me?  I justified the price of the dish by telling my aunts everything on the plate was organic and/or locally-produced.  I've yet to ask what the verdict was on this dish- stay tuned!Great atmosphere, not so much the heat.  Will come back once the weather cools!
3	I liked my breakfast and so did my partner but I do find the "help yourself to lemonaide or ice tea or water" a bit misleading.  I saw the sign that it was 2.75, but I dont think a lot of people do so they end up paying for drinks they think are free.  I had an egg white omelette with mushrooms, mozzarella and marinara sauce.  The home fries were good and the biscuit was tasty( although small).  My partner had the classic american breakfast and it was advertised as 2 eggs, but seemed like a lot more.  We ordered a muffin that was tasty but once again I had an issue.  The menu said 2.50, but we were charged 2.95.  The mistake was fixed once I pointed it out, but how often has that happened?
3	Kind of pricey for what you get which is healthy, yes, but not very tasty. The pulled pork sandwich was too sweet and the coleslaw had no dressing or flavor (just shredded cabbage). $26 for two sandwiches and a bag of chips is a bit steep for a no service, no frills kind of place for lunch.
5	Taking a long weekend out of town, we decided to review Yelp to find a good place to eat breakfast.  I can't say enough about how wonderful our experience was at this out of the way cafe.  The food was excellent.  I had a chicken enchilada with Chile Verde sauce and a fried egg (not something I would normally not get, but so glad I did).  It was to die for.  You are seated outdoors in a picnic style setting.  Our server was Shannon and she was so friendly and helpful.  After we ate, we took a leisurely walk around the grounds to see the chickens and roosters and to look at all the of the fresh produce growing in their gardens. I can't wait to visit Phoenix again to stop at this gem of a restaurant.  Try it...you will be so happy you did.
4	If you are looking for a quaint and scenic place to eat, this is perfect! Located at The Farm at South Mountain (along with 2 other dining options- The Farm Kitchen and Quiessence) It was a lovely experience. The food is good, service was good - it's worth a trip. The offer mimosas and bloody mary's too. They have a private table in back for romantic setting too, you have to call an reserve it.
2	It's kitchy overpriced breakfast spot.  Limited menu, bad service and small portions.  Mom wanted to take us there as something special for Sunday morning. We ate and thankfully weren't riding together, so we stopped about 3 miles down the road to get something else to eat as we were still hungry.  Staff couldn't keep the coffee carafes full.  Patrons brought their dogs, who didn't like the other dogs so our breakfast time was spent with a ton of barking back and forth. Self serve beverage is great, if it's free - which it is not and for the prices, should be. The facilities were upgraded port-o-potties.  At least there was running water and electricity, right.This place could be so much better. Oh and PS - staff needs to make a sweep of the grounds/dining area. Huge dead and squashed bugs (yes plural) on the patio blocks in not appetizing and probably bad for all the dogs that visit too.
4	This place has a magical feel to it! Very impressed with the service and amibience. The food was also great but I was a little dissappointed about the Chicken Enchiladas being sold out. Def have to check this place out. I suggest driving past the Farm Kitchen (Lunch Restaurant) and make your way to the back for a great experience. Not sure if the two restaurant are connected but the attitude from the farm kitchen compared to Morning Glory Cafe is night and day :(
4	I haven't been in a long while so decided to have a late birthday celebration there on Sunday the 9th with a few of my closest friends, 16 in all!  Normally, the combination of location and bodies means a long wait and only marginal service but I was very pleasantly surprised from start to finish.  I called the day before for reservations and  arrived early, expecting to have to scramble to get it set up.  One of my friends was already there and the table was ready.  Score One!  The food was good, the staff was great and we all left full.  Score Two!  The coffee was REALLY good...I had 4 cups.  Score Three!  All in all, it was a really pleasant brunch and everyone left happy.
2	Very disappointed with my most recent visit. This was our first trip back this season and we brought some friends. I felt so embarrassed for inviting them without having been there in a few months.  1. They have changed the menu. The breakfast tacos (the reason I picked this place), waffles, and some omelets are gone2. They changed the french toast. The new version was horribly disappointing with Marscapone Cheese and Raisin Bourbon Syrup. Both my wife, myself, and friends would have preferred the old candied pecan.3. Disappointing food:  - The "home fries" were dry, cold, stale, and very chewy with no seasoning at all.   - Biscuits and gravy were disappointing. Gravy had poor flavor and the biscuits were flat, and burned  - Eggs were very rubbery - I had to cut them with a knife.4. Some items are way overpriced. $2.50 for 1 egg??. I can but a dozen of the Hickman's eggs that are used at the grocery store for that price. The one highlight of our visit was the Farm Monte Cristo. It was very flavorful and the Peppered Bacon Syrup was delicious. After this visit, I will not be back for a long time.
4	What a cute little place to have breakfast! I just recently attended a bridal shower brunch here and it was so cute!  The food was super tasty, I had the creamy corn porridge with maple glazed sausage and cinnamon sugar roasted apples. I took a chance on it, it sounded like it had a 50/50 chance of being either really good or really heinous! And boy was I glad when it came out and was soooo good! This place could be 5 stars if the staff wasn't so lax and a little more attentive. This was the whole table (8 ladies) first time coming to this place, we were not instructed that drinks were self serves for the basics (water, coffee, juice) we had to figure that out on our own, and no one at our table was asked if they would like a mimosa or any other drink other then the self serve stuff. I do look forward to going back!
3	We took visiting family to breakfast at the farm the Saturday before Christmas. My aunts lived in Tempe in the 1960s before they moved to Seattle and Alaska. They said the farm reminded them of the Valley when they were growing up. The service was great. We sat under a heat lamp on the patio. The little ones weren't too happy with the granola/yogurt dish, but they enjoyed the sausage and eggs. I ordered the gluten-free creamy corn porridge w/ maple glazed sausage and cinnamon sugar roasted apples (the sausage had a surprising spicy pepper kick). A nice selection of hot teas. After we ate, we wandered around Maya's Farm, looking at the newly sprouting crops, chickens with "funny" hats. Giant squashes and gourds. My aunts bought fresh baked pies and jams from Joe who was warm and welcoming.
1	What a waste. Place looks like a cool spot for breakfast, but that was it. There were about 4 tables, and 2 waitresses, and they waited like 15+ minutes before even asking us if we wanted a menu. They did however stare at us several times, yet never making the jump to offer us anything. After we took a menu from the table next to us that finished, we finally got to order. Once the food came, it took another 5 minutes to get silverware. Non-fresh squeezed OJ(Big letdown!), and food was terrible. I had the breakfast burrito and my tortilla shell was stale. My sisters goat cheese omelet was rancid, and my other sisters scrambled eggs had a very weird taste to them(unedible). Only meal that didn't get too many complaints was the over easy eggs, except the yolk was cooked. The weird thing was that the neighboring table's food looked so much better than ours. I don't understand, because we werent raudy or disrespectful or anything. We paid our bill, and left, and will never be back. Shame, because of the cool setting. Don't waste your money on overpriced breakfast!
5	I love the farm and I love the Morning Glory Cafe. We had breakfast here today and it was fabulous. I had the french toast - yum yum yummy. My husband had the eggs benedict and he was happy as a clam. The food was very tasty and presented beautifully. I also had the fresh squeezed OJ, it was very tasty. My husband had the free refill coffee. I love the outside seating arrangement though it was a little chilly this morning. We let our toddler run and explore right outside of the restaurant area while we had our breakfast.  The menu is small, but I'm sure they make everything well, I'd rather have a small well done menu, than a menu with so many options the kitchen can't do it all well. I love that they source locally and I love that they are environmentally friendly. Right up my alley. We'll be back soon!
3	Good Morning Y'all!  It's breakfast time!  Wake up sleepy head and let's go to the Farm at South Mountain for some Morning Glory, ie good breakfast.  Morning Glory is one of 3 restaurants on the Farm at South Mountain.  As you may have guessed, this is the restaurant that serves breakfast.  I bring all my out of town guests here that like to get up and have a nice breakfast.  The atmosphere can't be beat.  All the seating is outdoor/patio seating.  When you are sitting back there, you completely forget that you are sitting in a farm in the middle of Phoenix!I usually order lite breakfast items like a couple eggs and a toast, but I've tried the French bread there and I enjoyed it.  My friends have all enjoyed their meals as well.  I also enjoy their coffee.  For the novice, you will find Morning Glory all the way at the end of the drive onto the Farm.  I would recommend parking in the spaces at the end of the drive instead of using the parking lot just east of 32nd St.  You can take a walking tour around the section of the organic farm adjacent to Morning Glory.  There's a chicken coop right there and you can see some of the produce.  The green house to the east of the chicken coop.  And you might find that the artist's studio is open that day, it would be west of the chicken coop.The patio seating is friendly to dogs, but don't take your dog beyond the perimeter of the restaurants.  Maya's farm is an organic farm and you can't take dogs in the area where the plants are growing!  Watch out for the signs that warn you if you bring your pooch to b'fast with you.Morning Glory is a solid option for breakfast.  I especially like to invite visitors there for breakfast.  You will like it too.  Trust me.
2	I had high hopes for this place due to the beautiful surroundings and great reviews, but our experience was below average. This is definitely a busy spot so we made a reservation for 6. When we got there, we were told that they didn't have a table available for our party, so we could cram into a table for 4 or wait. We just took the small table. It took around 10-15 minutes for a server to approach us, though she was quite nice. We placed our order and waited for quite a while.The food was just OK. It was nice and fresh, but lacking much taste or creativity. The eggs, potatoes, and sausage were cooked without any seasoning. Take some fresh local ingredients and dump them on a flattop until cooked.... OK, they won't taste too bad because they're fresh, but they won't taste great either. I ordered the Cowboy Breakfast--two eggs over easy with chili. Very, very bland, and the beans were not cooked enough. I had to dump a sea of hot sauce on my plate to even taste anything.They are also a bit tricky with their drinks. When they seat you, they will tell you to help yourself to a drink station that features lemonade, iced tea, and and coffee in huge decanters. They don't explicitly say you are being charged for these drinks, but when the check comes, you'll discover that the server has tallied up every cup at your table and charged you $3.50 each. A bit underhanded, if you ask me.
3	This is a cute spot! It is a bit out of the way next to South Mountain, but the rural farmy setting definitely benefits from that. You enter by going up a long farm lane, passing between several buildings, an event lawn, a group doing yoga on the other lawn, etc. It is very picturesque and seems like a good place for a wedding or other party. There are several buildings at the end of the lane and Morning Glory Cafe occupies the patio of one of those buildings - you duck beneath a vine-covered arbor and enter the seating area. The tables are patio tables covered with plastic red gingham patterned tablecloths with menus scattered on them. You choose your own table and are advised to help yourself to coffee, iced tea, lemonade, water at the station next to the house. You can also order a few other beverages from your server - orange juice, mimosas, bloody marys, etc. The menu is relatively brief but chock full of farm fresh ingredients. They have some interesting items - The Cowboy Breakfast Chili and Eggs, The Farm Monte Cristo, and the Chicken Enchiladas were all pretty unique breakfast fare and so we ordered one of each :) Browsing the menu, I learned that if you are a pancake/waffle/french toast/pastry lover, this is not the place for you. The food came out REALLY fast, which makes me think that they have most of the stuff ready to go in the kitchen and just garnish/sauce the dishes before sending them out. Itwas pretty good - I got the Chicken Enchiladas, which were filled with shredded chicken, covered with green chile sauce, and topped with Over Easy eggs. The temperature of the dish was less than great (a bit cold) and the yolks of my eggs were overdone, cooked all the way through. When I've had dishes like this before, the intention is that the yolks are runny and add moisture and flavor to the dish beneath. Since the eggs were overcooked, this didn't happen and it left the rest of the dish pretty dry (most of the green chile sauce was soaked into the enchiladas beneath) I did ask for extra chile sauce which was provided promptly, however it was very cold and did not spread well over the dish (I also could have still used even more of it, as the dish was SO dry) We had a side of bacon that was delicious, and my husband enjoyed the Cowboy Breakfast Chili. The setting was nice - we could hear roosters crowing and watch the activities of the farm/preparation for the day's events, etc. while we ate.Service was decent - the girl who was our server was nice but a little brief - I was having trouble deciding and asked her for her favorite item on the menu. She said the Chicken Enchiladas but didn't really elaborate further, which didn't sell me on it. Her demeanor just came across as pretty uninterested.I felt like the prices were quite high considering the type of place (outdoor picnic tables), service (serve yourself for the key stuff and overall a little less than friendly) and food (seemingly mass made, okay tasting, not quite right) We spent $60 for three people and I walked away just really feeling as though it wasn't worth $20 per person.I did want to like Morning Glory Cafe, but in the end it was more of a "meh" meal.
4	My husband and I took his parents here for brunch on a Saturday morning.  All in all, it was a positive experience.  When we arrived we didn't feel like we were in Phoenix!The pros:-The staff was really friendly and helpful-The food was delicious -The patio is dog friendly-We didn't wait long for a tableThe cons:-I am not sure how I feel about the self-serve beverages -While most of the staff we met were friendly, our server seemed rushed and frustratedOverall it was a good experience and I would go again.
5	Loved the environment: flowers, blooming trees on the patio with roosters crowing in the background.
4	Excellent stop in a bit out of downtown, but worth the drive if you have kids.Great food, lots of atmosphere....can you say animals and a working farm to distract the kids? An absolute must if the weather is mild and you can get there early.  A bit later it gets too busy and limited number of tables can cause a wait.Kids loved the self-serve beverages and we loved the flavor and local flairOnly reason it wasn't a five star was the amount of 'nature' that ended up in my coffee...lots of grass and seeds from the overhanging trees.  Guess I should have had a lid on my coffeeDog friendly and very laid back vibe.We will probably stop I on our way to airport, making it our only Phoenix repeat during our short stay
5	This is the way food is suppose to be.  Fresh from the farm.  Eggs taste like eggs and not bland, OJ is fresh squeezed, all their food is out of this world, and service is awesome.  Definitely a breath of fresh air.
4	Love this place.  The food is good too, but this dining is all about this setting.  Deep in the Walnut orchard under shady trees.  Sitting across from the one in your life.    It is 4 stars just because the service is getting a little weak.  I used feel like the people there were tip top, but this last visit they seemed to resting on their fact that everyone loves the setting.  They turned down the customer service thinking I wouldn't notice.  It is true, I did barely notice it, since I happen to be in love.  However, when you have a great server this place makes you feel like, you're dining in Oprah Winfreys' backyard during a big hat party!  Shimmering leaves, mimosas, amidst a organic garden, birds chirping, while couples in love and children frolic on the almond orchard horizon.  This place is great!  I feel like giving it 5 stars again now that I think about my times there.  This setting is so damn good.  I have to drive 15 miles to get here, and it is worth it.  However, I am going to keep it a 4 stars.  If I update, I am sure i will write this one a 5 star again
5	This place was awesome! A must try! I was visiting the area with my mom and we stumbled on it through a different app on my phone. I checked it out on here and saw that it seemed worth a try. Everything we got was so good we came back the next day again! They had some breakfast staples like Your standard bacon, egg, and potatoe breakfast but all the egg meals came with the most amazing biscuits! The potatoes were awesome too very well seasoned! They have some items that were a little out of the box as well such as the porridge we tried which was also delicious. The place was so good we went back again on Saturday. The wait was a little longer this time but again worth it. Both of our servers were very accommodating and the self serve drinks were good too for those of us who drink a lot of coffee or Iced yea. The last reason to try it out is among all the chains this quaint place was in a garden of flowers! Must try!
1	Morning Glory, get it together!  I did my part by calling and asking for a reservation for 10 people.  I left a message asking you to all me if you CAN'T accommodate us 2 days prior.  24 hours go by so I call and leave another message 1 day prior.  NO response.  Finally, I called that morning and got no response, so decided to head over early.  Now for the BAD part....I approached the hostess to ask about my reservation and was told we were not on the list.  She clearly did not care and her only offer was that a big table would be open "soon".  I couldn't get any sort of indication of what "soon" meant so called everyone and gave them the bad news.  The fact they were not willing to stick it out was very telling and should be an indicator for you.  Clearly you don't care about my business so I won't be back.  Way to lose a good, loyal customer, Morning Glory.
5	I've been in the valley for 20 years and never knew this place existed at "The Farm" on 32nd Street just south of Southern. Seating is all outside under large beautiful trees, lovely breeze this morning too, it was one of the most relaxing areas I've ever experienced and it was hard to believe that I was still in the city of Phoenix. We were seated within 10 minutes and our server Carrie was great with answers to any questions we even brought us a menu from the restaurant adjacent Quiesscence and answered questions we had about that restaurant. Now the food.  I had the chef special which was a braised beef and carmeralized onion omelette with potatoes.   My sister had the Eggs Benedict with the potatoes and of course, being family, we shared.  Everything was delicious and fresh. After we ate we wandered around the farm and came across a small crowd and we were informed that the goat had two kids yesterday.   Just watching them brought a big grin to my face.   Next to the goat pen was the chicken pen.   It was just a lovely morning.
5	Wonderful breakfast!  Love the monte cristo, the breakfast enchiladas and the eggs benedict.
5	Feeling like breakfast on a farm?This is the place.The scenery is picturesque.  I heard birds singing in the trees, horses neighing in the background & the sun was shining through the trees.  WHAT.  WHERE AM I.  This is not the South Mountain I am used to... thankfully.  This place is a little escape... a farm oasis in the middle of the desert.  Me gusta.i had the South Mountain Omelette.  It had lots of tasty seasonal veggies, goat cheese & a little zing of green chile sauce.  I also opted for the seasonal fruit... glad I did.  Everything was so fresh.  I left feeling satisfied & happy, not overly stuffed like I do at most greasy breakfast places.  You know the ones.Coffee, tea & water are self-serve.  I like that.  A lot.  Our waitress was very sweet.  A little boy ran out into the gardens & one of the farmers gave him a little squash.  What??  Is this real life???  I didn't think places like this still existed but I am so happy that they do.  :)
5	(Lyrics - Peter Cetera - Glory of Love)Today it's very clear, as we're both eating here, there's so many things I want to tryI will always review it, I will never leave you alone. Sometimes I just forget, try things I might regret, just break the eggs and I'll have it over easy. I don't want to lose the yolk, I could never eat it aloneI am a foodie who will try all your dishes,I can give you a review you're dreaming of. We'll brunch forever, knowing together that we ate it at the Morning Glory Cafe!Morning Glory Cafe is one of the gems hidden in South Phoenix area.  It's literally a huge garden and picnic area.  Perfect for a day outing with the family and friends.  I usually go after a hike at South Mts. since its right down the street or around the area.  Walking past the picnic area and organic gardens you wouldn't think you're actually in Phoenix; except if it's super hot out!  Brunch!  My favorite meal of the day when I can get it!  This time around I ordered their Eggs Benedict, which they called the Morning Glory Benedict.  Poached eggs, spinach, and ham on two muffins with hollandaise sauce; seems pretty simple, but damn I love it!  Also free self serving lemonade and ice tea -- load up!  There's something about having brunch right outside over viewing the farm and picnic like scenery.  It's relaxing yet you feel connected with the natural setting.  Someone pinch me.....Ouch!  Okay back to my office....sigh!  Needless to say, Morning Glory Cafe, if I could sing like Peter Cetera that's my anthem to you.  The place is sweet and cute.  No mimosas this time around, but look for me on the next round! - Enjoy!
2	Based on all the positive reviews I was looking forward to having my birthday brunch here.  In the end, it was quite a disappointment.We had a reservation for 10 people, plus two infants.  When we arrived, on time, they had given our table to a walk-in party of 11 and told us we would need to wait.  After asking to speak with the manager and several conversations later, plus 30minutes of waiting, they tried to seat us at an 8-top.  There was no way we would all fit, so after all this, they dragged another table over so we could all comfortably sit. The waitress was nice and it wasn't her fault, but other than that, the experience was not a good one.  The food was mediocre at best, they charged us for the drinks (coffee, lemonade and tea) that they have set up and tell you to help yourself but never mention the price!  The owner was there and knew what had happened with our reservation and never said a word to us.All in all, I would NOT recommend this place at all!  Sad, because the location is beautiful.
4	I have only been here with a large group. Each time (3), I thought the service was excellent and the food very tasty. I love the ambiance and am so glad we have this little jewel in the Valley.  From the Monte Cristo to the homemade granola and omelets, the food is solid and I think the portions appropriate. My only complaint about Morning Glory is the self serve drinks. The price should be posted. I am not cheap but would like to know the ice tea will be included for $2.75. After paying my bill, I made sure to stop by and get a refill.
4	Joined my fellow yelpers for the Breakfast Club UYE, couldn't go wrong with a farm fresh breakfast! The setting was gorgeous, surrounded by trees, flowers, herbs and veggies, it smelled amazing and was such a relaxed environment that I wanted to pull up a hammock. It has a great venue for a small party or wedding(definitely somebody else's of course) but lovely just the same.While waiting for our breakfast we wandered a bit, my daughter and I enjoyed time taking pictures of pretty flowers. At your leisure you could help yourself to water, tea, coffee, or fresh lemonade. I ordered the farm burrito & home fries while my daughter ordered the banana french toast(which gave a few of us food envy) with a side of sausage. Lucky for us the portion was large and she shared, even took some home. Good service and everything tasted  farm fresh and fabulous.
3	Good ambience and setting. Great for out of town visitors or a breakfast date. Bacon is delicious. Charged way too much for self serve drinks. Food was good and priced fair. Service was friendly.
4	YUM YUM YUM and $$$ i don't feel that i need to say much else.except get the monte cristo, the bacon and french toast and more bacon is amazing.
3	Service was good, weather was great.. That's cuz it's November! Coffee could be better and the omelette was decent. I was really looking forward to this place being all that it was suppose to be, but it was a little bit of a let down :( ... I'm not one to bash but the food coulda been a little better, omelette didn't have much flavor, potatoes were a little salty, and the French toast was a little rubbery... Over all the place is nice you can't complain when you have Arizona winter weather, while most are in snow jackets and boots I'm wearing t-shirts and shorts ... ;-)I'll Probably won't be back but it was a nice experience, I'll most likely be at the Waffle House next weekend. Lol... I sure do miss the Grove Cafe - it's closed but they are having a charity event Dec 14 for Salvation Army Christmas Angels - 100% of the proceeds go to the charity! Now that's sweet!!
4	We ate here for brunch on Sunday.  My brioche french toast was the best french toast I ate ever had.  It wasn't to sweet or too dessert-y like some can be.  What makes this place so great is the environment.  It really feels worlds away from Phoenix.  Its transitioning into the cooler weather now so i like how they had the heaters on.  The only reason why I knocked off a star is that the prices are a little high and you have to get your own coffee and water.  I ordered hot cocoa just so I wouldnt have to serve myself.
4	Food was amazing! Staff was super friendly. I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a unique breakfast nook.
5	We were staying at the Legacy Golf Resorts during Christmas break, and decided to get some brunch.  I booted up my trusty Yelp App, and a quick search yielded this place a mere 30 second drive away.This is just an awesome brunch spot.  A lot of the ingredients seemed very fresh and delicious.  I got the breakfast burritos which came loaded with rich, delicious chorizo, eggs, and beans, while my girlfriend got the waffles.  The waffles came with the sweetest blackberries I've ever eaten (although the strawberries were not sweet).Love the atmosphere, service, and the food.  What can be better than sitting outside surrounded by the farm, enjoying fresh coffee and brunch?  Life is good!
3	I wish i could give half stars, for me this is a 3.5 star place.  The location for morning glory is really nice.  Like everyone said, it is set on a farm and quiet.  It is all outdoor seating which was nice.  There were outdoor heaters set up so it wasn't cold. Everything is suppose to be organic, which I'm sure it was.  I can't tell the difference from real food and organic, I just like what taste good.  The food did taste good, but it wasn't anything special for me.   I had the American breakfast.  Bacon tasted like bacon should.  Same with the eggs.  Came with baked potatoes which were ok, kind of bland.  There was no salt or pepper on the table. The wife had a monte Cristo.  That was good.  It used their French toast which by itself was good and as a sandwich was good.  You can't go wrong with that.
5	I have farm envy. This is the most perfect location I've found to date. Upon driving down the lane you see one quaint restaurant with a bunch of picnic tables, an event and wedding party area and a photography studio. Continuing down the dirt lane there are plots for different fresh produce, cacti, and ultimately two more restaurants.      Morning Glory is so cute. Self serve drinks, all outdoor seating and a casual, fresh-aired, relaxing environment. We got seated immediately before the church rush, grabbed hot coffee and soaked up the morning sun. I ordered their farm omelette after battling and eyeing up the brioche French toast. The omelette had broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, spinach and cheese covered with fresh tomato salsa. The salsa had a nice spicy after taste and the omelette was so thick and well made. Their biscuits are flaky, buttery and delicious with a slice of grapefruit to add a little tang. This alsoCome with seasoned breakfast potatoes. My brunch date got the "pork is the new black" omelette and was on food cloud nine with the sausage gravy over the top. Everyone should check this little spot out. Have a picnic. Drink a mimosa. Buy a cacti. Support local!
4	We stopped by Morning Glory cafe after a hike up south mountain.  I love going to the farm and the morning glory cafe is always enjoyed by our guests when visiting.  The cafe was packed and the service was a bit slow.  Please don't forget though the kitchen is quite small. I tried the chorizo omelet and it was lovely. The potatoes are always perfectly cooked and the biscuit is a nice complement to the meal.  Many healthy options to choose from and all fresh ingredients used!  Enjoy.
4	Was here for a Breakfast Club UYE.  What a wonderful setting for breakfast.  Not many menu choices but we all found something to eat and nobody had any complaints about how it came.  Our waitress was very nice.  After our meal several of us strolled around the farm grounds.
5	Morning Glory Cafe has quickly become my new favorite breakfast spot.  Mainly because of its outdoor, fresh air, country feel.  The grounds make you feel like you are eating right smack in the middle of a working farm.  You can walk around the different areas, even check out gift shop.  There usually is a wait, but luckily it has never been more than 10 or 15 minutes. The tables are wobbly and the ground is hard to walk on in many areas (don't bring your heels or wedges here), but adds to the unique, agricultural yet homey atmosphere. As far as the food goes, I have tried a few different dishes from the french toast, pork omelet, eggs Benedict, and American breakfast.  They are all delicious, I haven't had anything I did not enjoy. Love the lemonade, and the muffins are house-baked.  Try this place out on one of our many beautiful sunny Arizona mornings. Tip- bring your furry friends, this is a pet friendly patio.Tip- good location for different group events, from yoga to weddings.
3	I really struggled between 3 and 4 stars for this. The farm is awesome and it was a perfect day. We came here for a baby shower/brunch and were able to sit in the back on the grass. Everyone was excited we got some sun and were able to sit outside in February with such great weather. We recognized the restaurant was busy, and no one was in a rush, but it seemed like our waitress couldn't handle the stress of brunch as well as having a larger party. I know I can be pretty harsh when it comes to serving, but when you spend over 10 years doing it yourself, you know how things could and should be done.We had the menu in front of us for not even a minute and she was asking what we wanted to order. No drink order...no introduction...nothing. I had to prompt her that we were good to order drinks first -it being brunch and all we mostly opted for bloody's and mimosas. The bloody was good and refreshing. Not my favorite that I have had around, but not bad. Mimosas were good sized and had freshly squeezed OJ. When we finally did decide to order, we kept it pretty basic. The menu isn't extensive so that's easy. We all had a variety of things including the American breakfast which was nice and simple with a great little biscuit. Someone had the biscuits and gravy as well as the hash and others had the waffles and other stuff. Generally, for taste, everything was good, but it was cold on our half of the table. Having waited a bit, we all just kind of ate and commented that although it was good cold, it would have been awesome hot. The people who had hot plates had nothing to complain about. Getting the food was another story though -that took quite a while which made it annoying that some plates were cold and others were hot. If you knew you had to bring it out as it came, then I would rather one person have a hot meal and me have to wait for my hot meal as well. Now this is where I am a bit more sympathetic: having to split a bill. Some tables can be really annoying and make it a tedious task. Generally POS systems make it fairly easy to split things off of the main bill (if they did 10 years ago, then there's no reason it shouldn't be even better these days!). We asked to have our bill split because she didn't do it from the start. Someone even asked her to make sure she did it from the beginning so we could avoid this at the end. She went around and wrote down what each person or couple had and it took FOREVER to get the bills back. No worries for the most part as we enjoyed being outside but still. Once we got them, they still weren't split correctly! At this point we each just paid whatever piece of paper we had in our hands. Luckily gratuity was already added-but it was 20% right off the bat (FYI).The silver lining, I guess, was that our waitress also over ordered for our table so we got a free farm omlet which was yummy and a free mimosa. I was SO excited about this place so I know I need to go back and try it again. Plus they offer so much else as far as dinner or snacks. The hype has to be genuine right?
2	The wait was about an hour, but it's a popular place so that was understood. They hostess didn't say that we could have gotten drinks while we waited. The food was par, nothing really stood out to me. So that is probably 1 star right there taken away. The other two comes from the service. Terrible, I don't care if you hate your job but don't show it or get another job. Our waitress was hardly around, didn't ask us about our food, took forever to get the check and couldn't even force a smile.
4	I visited this restaurant on a perfect day. The weather was brilliant - not too windy or sunny and there was a lively atmosphere but it wasn't overcrowded. You definitely don't feel like you're in Arizona when you're here. The grounds are surprisingly lush and there's a lot of plant life. I did expect a farm when I visited, but aside from the few plants here and there - there's not much farmland. Moving on to the restaurant, the menu is definitely pricey. You are paying for the ambiance. The service was also very slow. I was actually audibly complaining to my boyfriend (sorry honey) about the long wait when the waitress finally brought out our food. I had the "Back To Your Roots" which is a vegetable omelette, over-easy eggs, and a buttermilk biscuit. The meal was very good. Just a headsup on the veggie omelette - it's quite carrot-heavy so if you're not a fan, I'd reconsider.Again, I'm so glad we went on a day with beautiful weather. I can't imagine the outdoor dining experience is very pleasant in 113 degree weather. Overall, a great brunch place to visit when the weather's nice.
4	A perfect place for a lazy Sunday morning breakfast! I had the Chef's special which was an asparagus and swiss omelet with a red pepper cream sauce. To die for yummy! The little biscuits and home-fries served with it were delicious too! My boyfriend had the chicken enchilada and loved it. Our only criticism would be for the drinks. He had a Bloody Mary. The drinks were premade so they could not customize. He said there was too much pepper and not enough Worcestershire. They don't serve any pop either. Pop is my caffeine fix of choice so that was a bit of a bummer. Service was good and it was fun to walk around the property while we waited for our table.
4	I am yet again a failure at planning anything so when my boyfriend asked me where I wanted to go for brunch when we landed early in Phoenix, it was up to him to save the afternoon! He quickly found this place and it looked 10x better than anything I had book marked so we took our rental car here asap. Its kind of hard to find because its located in the back of the farm. There is no restaurant sign which is what we were looking for at first. There are a bunch of other restaurants on the premises but this was the only one that was busy the entire time.20 minute wait on a Saturday afternoon. I think they messed up and let the guy after us get seated before but whatever. I grabbed myself an iced tea from the self serve section while we waited and shared it with my boyfriend teehee. The wait didn't seem long at all because we got to walk around the beautiful farm! I got the farm omelette and he got the pork is the new black omelette because I refused to let him get the same thing as me. Our order took FOREVER to come out. People that were seated at the same time/after us were pretty much done with their orders by the time ours came out. I think they must've forgotten our order or something wtf. Bastards. Our waiter Dexter kept reassuring us our order was on our way though.  The biscuit was bomb! I am so happy our waiter offered us some jam because I pretty much loaded my entire biscuit with enough jam for the both of us. So noms. Totally worth the 500 buttery calories it probably was. I should've subbed the goat cheese in my omelette but I wasn't thinking. It came with cauliflower and carrots and all sorts of veggies I've never seen in an omelette before! All in all a perfect way to start off our little weekend getaway in Arizona!
5	Loved this place!  We were in Phoenix for Spring Training & it was my birthday, so after carefully reviewing yelp, I chose Morning Glory for breakfast. It was perfect!!!  The farm was darling, the cafe couldn't have been cuter, the service was great & the food was delicious.  I had the Farm Omelet, with a side of granola. The granola was so incredible, I had to buy some to go. My kids had the French Toast (yum) and waffles, which they devoured.y husband had bacon & eggs & said it was great.  We ate outdoors, and afterwards we went into the cute gift shop, toured the gardens and visited the farmer's market.  Possibly  the most perfect morning ever.  Thanks, Morning Glory!
5	We went here last weekend for the first time with friends.  Excellent food, and we had great service.  We liked this place so much that we went back for brunch today.  The chicken enchiladas are fantastic, as is the monte cristo.  Definitely my new favorite brunch spot!
4	The atmosphere was terrific. Outdoors, birds chirping, colorful foliage all around. The menu is excellent and I had the brisket which was much better than expected. I asked about the chefs special for the day and read that the asparagus omelette was delicious. Unfortunately it was broccoli today so I went with the brisket. My server was Gabriela and she was the icing on the cake. Great recommendations, great service, great atmosphere. Peaceful, and a welcome break during a hectic day. I completed some work while I was there and plan on returning in the future since I work around the corner from this peaceful place.
4	A quite delicious breakfast/brunch spot with outstanding fresh food.Mimosas are very good, bloody Marys are a little heavy on the horseradish for my liking. Coffee is ok.Outdoor seating only and out door heating for chilly mornings.If you're in the mood for a nice breakfast nook of a spot with "can't go wrong" dishes, this is a place to be.
4	This certainly isn't a spot I'd go every week but for a special occassion (family visiting, etc) it's a great spot to grab breakfast or brunch.  The farm is a lovely setting.  If you haven't been there before there are a few restaurants on the property.  This one is in the far back.  I found the food to be very good (better than the other casual eatery at the front).  The ingredients are super fresh (you can see the veggies being grown next to the restaurant) and the portions were sized appropriately.  The cost is on the high side for a breakfast but again, you're paying for atmosphere as well.  Give it a go but expect a long wait on weekends.
3	I enjoyed the outside atmosphere with lushes trees, live chickens, and the lovely sitting wall. But I would only recommend this place for special occasions or times where you have all morning to grab a bite. The wait time was quoted at 30 minutes but it was really about 50 and the tables are not very comfortable once you're seated. You sit very close to the next table and the service is just ok- not spectacular. I would have enjoyed it more if they had additional shops or local stands out to look through! Beware of falling leaves while you eat though :p
3	The food and ambiance was nice especially on a perfect day in Phoenix. The Man and I waited 30 minutes for our table while drinking the self-serve lemonade which was more on the tart side. I ordered the waffle with a side of bacon and the man ordered the Monte Cristo. He slightly enjoyed his but should have subbed the ham for bacon. My waffle was nice but not as fulfilling as I'd like but I really enjoyed the fresh blueberries and strawberries atop. This place really lost a star because there were soooo many flies!! They should think about putting in a fan or something because it was very annoying swatting away flies every 7 seconds. Would like to try the Farm for lunch one day though...
4	Very cute restaurant, very relaxed. I had the breakfast burrito, which was delicious. The bloody mary was also extremely good. I really enjoyed the atmosphere - the area was beautiful and it was extremely relaxing.The coffee was good and it was nice to be able to just head over and fill up whenever you needed it.
5	Amazing place to go for breakfast!!! I've been here several times and the food is always amazing. The service is very quick and friendly. I highly recommend the Monte Cristo, it is definitely the best item on the menu. Just a heads up, there is parking right in front of the restaurant. It seems confusing because there are signs by the street directing you to a dirt lot across from the property.
3	The food was ok.  I had the breakfast burrito and thought the chorizo inside was a little greasy (I know, what did I expect??).  it was a bit pricey and there wasn't anything particularly plain on the menu for my picky kids.  My daughter LOVED her biscuits because she could put her bacon inside.  The serve yourself beverages are just ok.  For what I'm paying for them (and the meal) I'd sort of like them SERVED.  Also, I will say, I did see the monte cristo on someone else's table and it did look good.  The service was not good at all.  The server seemed impatient with my children (and with me for that matter).  I realize it was late on a Sunday, and she'd likely been there from early in the morning, but a bit more attention than blindly answering my basic questions while staring off at the distance would have been appreciated.  I think next time we'll eat at the picnic place at the front.
1	Food was just ok not worth the fancy price they charge and then everything is self serve no matter how busy.  Brisket was more fat than meat with the hash, omelet the meat was sparse very little cheese, eggs and tortillas was extremely basic.  No soft drinks and lemonade was not far from water with lemons for $2.25.  The farm setting was nice.
5	Absolutely loooove this place
5	Love this place for a variety of reasons and would go here for just about any occasion...Have spent Mother's day here @ Morning Glory (not separate buffet) for a few years and like to take friends here when in town or when we want a relaxed, filling, outdoors brunch. Great service and scenery! I would like to say all food is good but I can't pry myself away from the Monte Cristo French Toast to try anything else-- delish! Highly recommend.
3	I have loved Morning Glory cafe for YEARS. The grounds are beautiful and while I've eaten at all three of the restaurants at the Farm I love the Morning Glory Cafe most of all because I can sit in the grass nearby while I wait for a table to become available (yes, there will be a wait, especially on weekends) and I feel like I'm not in the dusty Arizona desert anymore. I've also come to MGC for Mother's Day for two of the past three years and it's almost become a tradition for me and my daughter. However, this last Mother's Day really (really) disappointed me. When I arrived we were told there was an hour wait. OK... No problem. I was expecting that (at least) and any other decent place would have a similar wait on Mother's Day. However, the issue was bigger than just the hour wait - the hostess who was calling people's names off the waiting list had such a faint voice that I couldn't hear her call my name - even though we were sitting right in front of her and I had gone up to ask her 10minutes prior if our table was ready. (You would think she would recognize me if I had just gone to talk to her and was sitting right in front of her but she seemed either clueless or overwhelmed).  As a result - we were passed up and FOUR other tables were seated before us. After figuring out we had been passed up I went back again and asked if our table was ready and the hostess didn't even apologize. I'm sorry but when you have over 50 people waiting at a time for their table, you can't put someone with the voice of a 9 year old in charge of calling names. I understand it's a farm and a loudspeaker would kill the ambiance but at least get a better system in place for making sure people get seated after they've waited so long for a table. Finally we were seated, and drinks were self serve so we immediately got water/coffee. The wait staff was completely frazzled at this point in the morning. They were stopping at tables for no longer than 2min at a time and making beelines between tables and the kitchen so you couldn't even get their attention without causing a scene. We ordered a good 15min after being seated even though we knew exactly what we wanted to order. An HOUR later we still didn't have our food and my 5 year old daughter (who normally has to be bribed to eat) started crying. I asked her what was the matter and she said "I'm so hungry!" Not exactly the kind of thing a mom wants to be dealing with on Mother's Day. It was so sad the table next to us started offering us food off of their plates to give to my daughter (how embarrassing).  The waitress walked by a few times and I said "Is our food almost ready? We've been waiting over an hour." Her response was "Yeah, so has everyone else" and walked away. Finally I called our waitress back and I said "We ordered a cup of fruit. Can you at least bring that? My daughter needs to eat something." She came back with the fruit cup which my daughter inhaled and about 15min later we had our actual breakfasts (which were very good and well-made as always. Food never disappoints here).  I will say, that to "make up" for the wait, they gave us a complimentary dessert which was a nice gesture in the end but the whole experience has made me question whether I will go back for any special occasions. Reason being - I've noticed the Farm grow in popularity over the years but there hasn't been any real improvements to their service. They still run the place as though they are getting the same amount of traffic as 5 years ago and that is obviously not the case anymore. They could have done a better of job of getting us seated at the right time - or of getting a snack for my daughter if they knew the main breakfast was going to take longer than normal - or of telling us when we put our name on the list: "it's an hour wait for a table and another hour wait for food to be served" - so we could make a better decision as to whether we should stick around. They need to find a way to keep it low key and quaint without putting people through the kind of experience we went through. Maybe a reservation system is needed for breakfast? Limit the number of guests? Idk, but they certainly shouldn't just leave people to wait over 2.5 hours to have their first meal of the day - especially when the majority of patrons in the mornings are families with young kids. Again, isolated incident, but can't say that their seating system or wait staff are any more organized on other days of the year. Wait times for a table can be up to 30-45min on any weekend but normally food does NOT take over an hour to arrive. Note: they have a separate Mother's Day brunch that you can purchase advance tickets for, and those have scheduled seating times. I have never taken that option because my daughter typically doesn't eat a lot and it would be a huge waste.
5	They are open now!  Pleasant dining experience (minus the hot weather and flies).  Outdoor seating only and pet friendly.  Seasonal menu is fresh and food I had was really good!  Very fresh eggs.  One of the best breakfast I had in a while...  4 stars for food.  5 stars for being original, eco-friendly and supporting local growers.
4	such an adorable spot if you're in the area and need a beautiful hangout to look at flowers, walk around the vegetable farm, and grab a bite to eat. There's an organic farm on the property and the tea and lemonade are self serve. The only main issue is that Arizona is hot and everything is outdoors. In addition there were lots of flies so everyone was swatting them with their menu. At the same time, people willing to overcome both of those issues must love the spot. Very cute. Would definitely recommend it to anyone near the airport!
3	What an absolutely LOVELY spot for breakfast al fresco! The ambience itself would have gotten five stars, however, our service was incredibly slow.  We were a table of two adults and four children - all ordering from the adult menu.  Our waitress was quick to take our order, but the food took exceptionally long and we had to ask twice for something that had been forgotten.  After the meal, we waited a bit to get our check but sent her back immediately with a credit card.  After about five minutes we were told they were experiencing computer issues so it would be another moment or two.  Had she been up front about the delay, we'd have been more understanding but having to track her down on more than one occasion was a little bit of an annoyance.  I'd like to go back, sans kids, to try out both the lunch and dinner restaurants.  I love that everything was separate and we enjoyed watching both a morning wedding AND the farmers picking beautiful flowers while we ate.  Such a quaint spot and didn't feel at all like we were in the middle of the desert!
5	I would have to say, Both Gordon Ramsey and Robert Irving would like the menu here, its pretty short menu, and your not waking your brain trying to figure out what to get. I had a Omelette and OJ, the one thing I REALLY REALLY loved here was the Strawberry Jam! Best jam I EVER had! The Omelette itself, I dont know about the gravy on it, but it was good, wife went with a Omelette that had Goat Cheese on it, the Goat Cheese most diffidently had a bite to it, so not sure I would get it myself, but overall, if your looking for a good Breakfast place in the Tempe area- THIS IS A MUST GO TO place!
4	This place is amazing on the weekend although it is busy. The weekday barely anyone is there but the service is kind of weak which you would think it wouldnt be since the employees have nothing else to do. The food is good but everytime we ask for our eggs for be fried or over easy they cone out really runny and sunny side up. Overall you are paying mostly for the environment and the freshness of some of the food. :) I enjoyed the place and I will return agian. :3
5	Great hidden gem for breakfast.  My wife and I brought an out-of-town guest today. Arrived at 10 on a Friday morning and it was half full. Impressive. We were greeted quickly and given menus, which differ on weekdays from weekends: It's more limited. There were still plenty of choices tho. Our guest ordered the Farm Monte Cristo and coffee. My wife tried the Huevos Rancheros with coffee while I ordered the "Pork is the New Black" Omlette plus tea. Our brunches arrived in less than 10 minutes. Our guest commented on her Monte Cristo: "Oh, it's not battered and fried".  She liked the Farm version much better than the traditional one!  My wife enjoyed her Huevos as well. My plate was really well thought out: plenty of meats, cooked perfectly with a bit of char, eggs just right, cheesy, melted goodness on top and smothered in gravy. I highly recommend The Farm and the Morning Glory Cafe.
2	50 bucks for two adults and a kid. Way over priced breakfast. The atmosphere was great. The service was very slow. Thank goodness the drinks are self serve.
