5	don't be fooled by the size of the place, this is a great restaurant. Went for brunch and it was delicious. Had fried chicken and waffles with beans and some great flavourful potatoes. And the eggs Benedict are some of the best my wife has had. The staff is really friendly.
4	This is a great place to grab lunch. I walked by the restuarant and was drawn in by the amazing marshmallows in the window. I had the grilled cheese sandwich. Amaz!
4	The food was totally 5 star, however, the services were not quite. The only guy who was serving was pretty grumpy. Nevertheless, Pro(s?):- Coca cola burger: with deep fried pickle, coca-cola mayo. Definitely worth the wait. ConS:- The seating arrangement is not very group-friendly. It's cramped and all counter seats...so not recommended for a group more than 3 ppl. - Hard to find parking- a bit long wait for foodClose after lunch time on Sunday.
2	Don't laugh too hard. This Ontarian went to Montreal and ate at an American retro resto. Yes I did really (and to boot, I went to la belle province for the CHE Hockey tournament. Not doing any favours for hockey stereotypes). In my defense, it was at the behest of my Montreal-dwelling friend, so there!Le Gros Jambon is a tiny hipster closet of diner-resto. I had no idea what I was getting into, except that it got buzz on the Montreal scene of late. It's a casual place to drop in on for a brief bite to eat if you have a craving for simple, somewhat unhealthy French and American cuisine, but I confess to not having that craving very often (if ever).Atmosphere:Step in and you're plunged into a cosy long room with diner stools facing one wall and diner stools facing the bar. Your choices are to face the bar or a wall, yep, you heard me. Well lit but not too obnoxiously, the decor is like an insane salon, the walls cluttered with old ads and posters from the early eras of the 19th century. I liked the vibe, but didn't much appreciate facing the wall, as the counter has enough space to eat on but not much else. The Food:I ordered house red for 10 bucks, which is mighty steep for a house wine in my estimation. It was fine, but I suspect beer would have been a better option with my meal, which was a smoked pork salad. It arrived on a sliced head of lettuce, so that the meat was arranged on the horizontal cuts. This looks nice but is actually difficult to eat for a salad, and we all know that lettuce is darned cheap so no points for either nutrition or convenience. The meat was tasty, tender but not too wet. It may have been dry on its own with the unadorned cabbage, but it was complimented by a drizzle of ranch dressing. Again, the point of the food was simplicity and comfort and I get that, but the ranch was just ranch, and the lettuce just lettuce. The meat was the only thing worth eating. Our poutine came in an oval plate, sitting in a pool of gravy. The fries were tasty, the cheese curd not too chewy but again unremarkable. The gravy had a particular spice to it that we all noticed and didn't particularly prefer. It didn't ruin it but we weren't sure if we really liked it.  Service:Our server was cheerful and spoke anglais right away, whether because we came in talking about politics in English or because of the retro. She was very helpful and our food came in mere minutes.Convenience:I confess to being directionally challenged, so this is only an estimation. The Montreal metro is so dense in this area that walking to it would only take 10-15 minutes. It sure was a pleasant walk! Montreal is gorgeous at night.Overall, I would say it is a good place for a comfort food dine-and-dash. The menu has Coke burgers, lobster mac n cheese, a few salads and some sandwiches with smoked Montreal style meat. But I wouldn't go back, not when there are so many restaurants nearby to try.
3	We stopped here this morning after learning that O&G was closed on Mondays. Hats off to the chowhounders that talked about it. We loved the diner atmosphere- fun and different. They had a few offerings this morning- eggs/potatoes/meat, egg sandwich, BLT with egg and that's it. I'm ok with that since we just wanted a quick bite. We had the eggs/potatoes/meat. The sausage was homemade and very flavorful. We think the potatoes may have had ham in them too...also good. It was a fine breakfast, but nothing to rave about.
4	Definitely a cool little hole in the wall place to go.  I had the lobster grilled cheese and my fiance had the burger special of the day which was a hamburger patty topped with chorizo and a fried egg.  Both sandwiched were delicious.  The poutine fries were the usual greasy, not drained enough, typical Montreal fries.  But the gravy was different than most I've had.  It had mustard seeds in it.  Different and better than most poutine gravy I'm used to.  Healthy?  Heck no.  This place is all about comfort food.  I suspect this is the place to go after a night of drinking.  It's not exactly cheap for diner food but I think you are paying for the atmosphere.
4	Wow!  A REAL DEAL diner in the historic district of Montreal!  Short order cook and everything!  Rt. 66 wallpaper, license plates, and an awesome counter.  Great menu, and a brunch on Sunday.  Nice and simple, the menu does not mean to make you think it is a downtown Montreal tourist joint.  Love the Lobster grilled Cheese sandwich....they also have a Coca-cola hamburger with Coca Cola mayo....the extras include items like smoked meat, Lobster, duck confit, and fried egg-if you want it on your poutine.....
3	Vintage-looking and charming place: simple, unpretentious and boldly filling. Despite the Old Port's hip and (very often wannabe) classy context, Le Gros Jambon stands out from the over-polished and overpriced local magma with good ol' American diner design and a straightforward menu. The shine of the buffet's silver dressing reflects the good mood of the staff and the decor just feels right. At any time during the week you will find Santos aficionados as much McGill last years pretending to be working on their final  papers.The food is in perfect symbiosis with the setting. If you can get a seat on a brunch day - the place is a continuous bar so a crew of max 3 is obviously preferred - try the tasty eggs & sausages and get one of their poutine. You'll get potatoes and coffee as a bonus. Or if you like to remain classical then try the basics from BLTs to Hot Dogs but haters be hattin' and be aware: there is a local and personal touch at Le Gros Jambon. Dishes will include poutine, Cola mayo, chorizo, truffles & co. However, DO NOT get their waffles platter, staff is cool with you not but with these believe me. Hard, tasteless and greasy.  DO get their Chili dish on the side of whatever you are ordering.
4	Had a great brunch here a few days ago.  Fair warning, the seating is deplorable and it's an oven inside, but in my opinion the food was worth it.  There are dozens of breakfast places around old Montreal and this one stood out.  Everyone enjoyed their waffles and mimosas.  My egg BLT was solid, coffee was great and nobody wanted to leave thanks to great service and excellent atmosphere.  We all shared the poutine as the six of sat side-by-side at the bar.  If you're staying near the old port I highly recommend stopping in for breakfast.
5	The minute you walk through the door you know you've found something awesome. From the cool, classic diner decor to the helpful friendly staff, it's a welcoming joint. The food is impeccable and their Poutine gravy is among the best I've ever had and is by far the most unique. I'd go back in a heart beat.
4	This place is definitely worth a visit. Very nice people and tasty food. I had the strawberry pancakes, which were delightful! Good brunch spot. I hope they do well!
4	I had the breakfast lobster roll - like with all the other breakfast... I mean BRUCH items, was served with a side of potatoes, fart-fuel and fruits. Placed on a homemade roll mixed with eggs and topped with a hollandaise sauce, the lobster was abundant. It would have been easy to use a hot dog roll out of the bag, but Le Gros Jambon doesn't, and that really makes the difference.Each bite consisted of big pieces of bouncy lobster that gave way to chewy and doughy roll highlighted with the tangy and creamy sauce. Normally I would stay away from anything with eggs and hollandaise because they do things to me... not sexually, but like gastronomically... and gassily, let alone adding beans into the mix, but I knew the lobster would be worth it... whatever, don't judge me. On both plates, the only problem I had was with the beans - not for the reason I just stated, but they were served on the plate. When I'm high on lobster, the last thing I want to do is try to stab mushy beans, please invest in pig snout shaped bowls.
5	Stumbled on this cute little place purely by chance. What a find! We were lucky enough to sit at the bar and talk to the chef while he worked. He patiently answered my 7 year old's questions while he made her ridiculously cheesy grilled cheese sandwich. The owner was so friendly and hung the picture she drew for him front and centre on the fridge! She was thrilled. The Le Gros Jambon burger was decadent with the fried egg. The fried green tomato in my BLT was such a tastes surprise. Soooo good! Overall an awesome little place that we will definitely return to when ever we visit Montreal.
5	OMG.  We had lunch here, and it was so good.  It's a tiny little diner, nothing fancy or healthy, but delicious.  I had the plain old burger, and even that was so good.  The meat was fresh and almost buttery-tasting.  My husband got the Gros Jambon burger, which is a burger with ham, egg, and cheese, and had his fries converted into poutine.  Haha.  He said it was really good, but we were feeling it afterwards.  Oh well, we were on vacation.  Definitely stop by if you love burgers and some no-frills quality food.
4	A friend of mine insisted we go to Le Gros Jambon when I moved to Montreal. It's a cozy gourmet diner. It's a narrow space, with stools by the counter. The staff are very friendly. You'll find lots of decadent fare like mac & cheese (all different kinds, from classic to lobster), grill cheese (add duck confit if you'd like) and burgers made with Coke. I hear their brunch is really good, but I haven't been yet. You can also order alcohol. They had a cute little candy bar set-up in front of the diner, for $2, you can take a little baggie and fill it up - a novel idea.
4	we stopped in on a saturday during lunch,my friend had told me they had a coca-cola burger here and I wanted to try it out... sadly it is only served for dinner so we ate something else.First, the portions here are generous, so come with an apetite. I settled on fried chicken and baked beans.It was divine, it was crispy on the outside and tender juicy on the inside, and the crust gives quickly and melts in your mouth. Now that is perfect kfc style fried chicken!!!it's and open kitchen place so in the summer it's scorching hot...the decor it 50's diner ish, kitschy cool i guess...all in all, a good meal, and I'll be back to try the coca-cola burger when I'm binging and want to pig out :)
5	Unique place that I expect Anthony Bordain will be checking out before long.-
5	The fried chicken waffles with bourbon syrup are unreal. Look no further - just order them and enjoy.
3	I went back for the coca cola burger and the duck confit poutine with truffle oil...It was alright, not as I imagined, it's a solid burger but not one of the best I've ever had. An the poutine was average, eventhough my friend was raving about it, I didn't feel like the duck was any good with the poutine, when the gravy is not up to par it doesn't matter what you put in it, it still would not taste any better...
4	Go here while you can still get in! This is a classic diner which even has the authentic railroad car shape (at least inside). It's a long narrow room with a barrel ceiling. Counter seating only, no booths or tables. You have the choice to either sit at the counter facing the kitchen or the second counter that faces the wall. I counted about 30 seats. This place would fill up quickly and the food is not exactly fast, so if there was a line outside I would keep walking.On the weekends they only offer the brunch menu which has maybe six items on it but everything was unusual and interesting. The one complaint I have about the menu was that it was divided between savory and sweet dishes with nothing in between. My wife's bananna bread french toast was tasty but was a sugar bomb and could have used a touch of something salty. My huevos rancheros with merguez sausage was also great (especially the spicy sausage) but was a salt bomb and could have used a touch of something sweet. My biggest problem with this place is the strong possibility of going all the way down there and not being able to get in.We definitely want to go back during the week to try their lunch / dinner menu.
4	I love Montreal. Adore. Obsessed. It may be chalked up to the amazing European style architecture, the beautiful local crowd, the fact they speak French and it is also because Montreal has a plethora of amazing restaurants. Le Gros Jambon is one of those restaurants where you love Montreal a little bit more while you dine here.Located in an old diner like setting, Le Gros Jambon is located on the cusp of the Old Port near a bunch of hotels - the Westin, Embassy Suites, Loft, etc.. which if you are staying in one of those head here. Don't go with a group as literally this place has NO tables, just counter space. When glancing the menu, you smile. Diner food but with a gourmet, gastro twist. I was debating between the duck blt and the coca-cola burger, and the owner said to try the burger. A burger topped with coca-cola mayo, caramelized onions, a fried pickle, lettuce, tomato and a delicious bun this burger was gonna be legendary. I opted for the poutine on the side for a +$4. Did I mention reggae was playing in the background? I'm not talking about some best of Bob Marley ish, I'm talking Lee Scratch Perry, some old stuff. Yes.The food came out. The burger was near perfection minus a few main factors: It was overcooked. I don't know if they cook burgers here well but, no pink in this bad boy. I was never asked how I wanted it cooked but, this is how they serve it. I do like my burgers a wee bit bloody so it was a bit of a let down also, you couldn't  really taste the coca cola in the mayo and if a burger is named after one ingredient, it better damn as well taste that way but, damn that fried pickle was amazing. Maybe rename to Fried Pickle burger, since that was clearly the star of the show. The burger did have so much going on and all the flavors went really well together. The poutine was really good, a great taste to the gravy, loads of cheese curds, perfectly fried fries. Yes. Now, was it legendary as it sounded? No. But, still solidly good for the $12ish price tag.I would definitely recommend coming here especially if staying/living in the area. This is a gem of a "diner" and their unique twists on some classic favorites along with their super chill/hip diner atmosphere make this a no brainer. If asking for the burger maybe mention you'd like it medium? (If you do indeed want that).Full bar as well!
5	American? ....lol, close but no.  All the trappings, but the food is MUCH better than your typical diner.  I had two perfectly poached eggs on fresh toast with "smoked meat" (brisket slices) and a fresh made mushroom sauce.... I sat at the end seat and watched the chef work, breakfast AND a show! Delicious, can't wait to come back to Montreal and try lunch here.
3	I went to le Gros Jambon this past Sunday with my boyfriend. My first reaction was that that the seats overlooking the kitchen are significantly better than the seats along the right-side wall--but we weren't very lucky. ;)We ordered two staples: fried chicken and waffles and eggs benedict with lox. They were served on these cute plates shaped like pigs. However, breakfast food is still breakfast food and, in a city that counts brunch among one of it's official meals, le Gros Jambon doesn't strike me as something special.Don't get me wrong: it was a good meal and an interesting place, but I'd only go again if I was in the area.
4	Very cute diner complete with kitschy decor and super friendly staff. We sat in front of the open kitchen and watched as every plate was meticulously prepared. The food is greasy deliciousness. I had the grilled cheese with bacon which was served as crusty bread with chunks of bacon on a bed of perfectly greasy fries. The accompanying cole slaw was fresh and tart. Great vibe and even better background music!
5	Totally recommend this place if you're in the area looking for non-businessy, diner vibe with great eating. The Gros Jambon hot dog comes just how I like a dog, slit for extra crispyness, busting out of a buttered toasted bun, loaded with spicy homemade mayo. Very tasty fries, amazingly huge brownies, good music on the radio and interesting cocktails on the chalkboard too, I'll be back, and often.
4	If I had been blindfolded and brought to Le Gros Jambon I might have believed I was squarely in Williamsburg, Brooklyn what with its kitchy decor and pork pie hat wearing cook, but seeing the exit sign in French would have brought me back to Montreal. Regardless of the hipsterville vibe these people know what they are doing. Fantastic breakfast this was; I had Eggs Benedict, not exotic fare, however, what struck me was the hash browns that accompanied them. I've never been a fan of hash browns, probably because they usually taste of what they usually are: warmed over from the day before hash browns that were themselves prepared by cutting up left over baked potatoes from the night before last and frying them with some onions and lots of salt which can never quite mask the warmed over taste or the smell that is not unlike that of a hotel room that has been converted to non-smoking for some months, but still retains that nicotine-masked-by-Lysol smell. I have eaten at some pretty well respected brunch joints that follow this practice; not the case here. These hash browns were prepared fresh and well seasoned. The ham was also of high quality. A perfect cup of coffee rounded out the meal.  Good stuff Maynard.
5	Incredible brunch and great staff. My wife and I were in Montreal for our anniversary. Found this place while walking around the neighborhood. Went in the next morning. Old time diner feel with a very different menu. Had the fried chicken with waffles. Served with horseradish maple syrup and sides of hash potatoes and beans. Something I usually wouldn't order. Out of this world. Staff was great and were joking and laughing with the customers the whole time. Will go back again next time we're here
1	I'll never be able to tell you about the food @LeGrosJambon, because they were all out of ... get this; chicken, waffles and burgers. This was at just noon-30! I don't know if this means that the chicken and waffles and burgers are over-whelmingly good, or if someone dropped the ball in prep last night. Whatever it was, the way they handled the fact that they had little left to offer on the menu, was the slap in the face that will assure that I don't come back.I had ordered the Eggs-BLT with a bottle of water and the Man ordered the chicken and waffles with a Coke. About 15 minutes later, the waiter comes back over to our table to let us know that they are out of the chicken, the waffles and "oh, I think that was our last burger". "Take your time and I'll be back to take your order."After checking out the menu a little more, we both realize that there isn't really much else to order. Eggs, maybe mac and cheese. Meh. We finally decide that maybe we'll just head out elsewhere and come back to Le Gros Jambon on a different morning to have the chicken and waffles. Then came the real slap in the face! Because we decided to leave they tried to charge me for my breakfast (keep in mind, I hadn't received it yet!) and I actually had a fight a little before they would take off my breakfast order and we just paid for my water and a soda.Sorry, originally we thought we would come back on another day to catch the brunch, but now, we'll spend our hard earned cash elsewhere. If there is one thing that ruins my appetite, it is negative service.With that said... can't go wrong at DIABLO'S!
3	I guess it is not Le Gros Jambon's fault that we were here in a group of 9?! Le Gros Jambon is not ideal for groups... come alone or with a friend, your experience would be a lot better! Would I wait for a table here? I doubt I would again. We shared:Coca-Cola Burger ($12)- It was so so so salty! After one bite I know I could not eat that.... the Coco Cola Mayo was not really helping much to improve the dish and really should I suppose to taste coke in that? Fried Chicken with Waffles ($14)- The chicken was really delicious. The light batter has just a hint of sweetness and was super crispy! We were lucky as it was sold out 10 minute after we ordered!The staff here are super nice and friendly. I don't mind coming back and try out other items as long as I don't need to line up for a table!
5	We went for dinner this past Thursday night and had the smoked meat grilled cheese and the duck grilled cheese, with a side of poutine. All three dishes were amazing, and the poutine ad a slight cinnamon flavoring making it quite different than the other poutines I tried around the city. Thanks to Megan, TJ, and Missy for the wonderful service and great recommendations.
4	Looking to try a new place out for brunch, the awesome MTL community manager Risa let me know about Gros Jambon.  She said it was awesome and I didn't even question what was served there.  An CMYE was setup and I was looking forward to try out this place as well as meeting a couple of travelling Yelpers.  I showed up to this diner which has limited seating and tried to get a seat for 10.  I can guarantee you that won't happen; also I don't think they take reservations :)Other Yelpers started rolling in and people started leaving.  The staff here is pretty awesome and started seating us based on the space that opened up.  We were scattered throughout this place!  I sat down ordered a coffee and had a quick look through the menu.  I couldn't decide what to go so ended up getting 2 meals (huevos rancheros and Gros Jambon dog), which I didn't finish but split between me and my awesome brunch partner.The huevos was solid and had a chorizo patty in between the egg and the toast.  The dog though was awesome.  It's just a hot dog with tomato, cucumber and this delicious spicy mayo.  I'm glad I ordered both meals though it wasn't finished but they packed it up for us to go.  I had some of the fried chicken and waffles as I was swapping food with my brunch partner and that was also good!  I don't think you can go wrong here, though I heard the Coke burger was OK but I didn't get a chance to try it myself.The diner doesn't look like it holds 20 people so you'll more than likely have to wait when you arrive but check it out, it's pretty damn delicious and a bit different than a lot of places you might be able to grab brunch downtown.  There are no tables here and you'll be seated at a bench or long one sided table.  If that's not your thing you might not want to come by.Thanks for setting this up Risa and it was awesome meeting some of you travelling Yelpers.  I hope you didn't get to drunk and fall into a snow bank later that night :)
2	I hate to be the nay-sayer....but this place was just okay for me.  Perhaps it was all the hype I read leading up to my lunch here, but honestly, it was just okay...or more honestly, it really was not that good.  I was visiting MTL and hit up yelp for some Poutine recs.  This place came up and it happened to be 3 blocks from where I was staying.  I'd had 2 other poutines during my visit and quite honestly, this was my least favorite.The gal that greeted us was very nice and the space was kitchy and cute.  She sat us at what appeared to be the only table for 2 in the place. I'd read a few reviews but decided to ask her for her recomendations.  She suggested the BDLT with a side of poutine.  I went for it.  My friend had a grilled cheese.  Food took a bit to get to us despite the fact that we were 2 of 5 customers in the place?  I overlook this because I'm about to have an amazing lunch....well.....it didn't quite turn out that way.  The duck confit in my sandwich was kinda chewy and flavorless, the bacon was very greasy and there was WAY too much mayo in my sandwich and it totally overpowered every bite.  I decide to overlook this since the poutine is why I've been lead here....well, that was a salty soggy mess.  I don't know if the usual chef was out sick last Saturday, but I left half my sandwich and most of the poutine on my plate.  It was a real shame because my hopes were high and I was famished.  Boooooo :(
5	Probably the best traditional diner in town. I has the chicken and waffles, and I kid you not when I say that the fried chicken was the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. It's crunchy and tangy and juicy and spicy and all kinds of delicious. I look forward to going back and having one of their burgers.
4	Lunch here on a Thursday around 1:30 pm.  The tiny place was packed, but the nice waitress pointed me towards a stool in the front window.  When she took a while to come back with my menu and water, she apologized for the wait.  That was a nice touch, although I didn't mind-- the place was packed and there was great people-watching to be had.I have not had a lot of poutine, but the combination of french fries, cheese curds, and gravy seems like a no-brainer of deliciousness to me.  However, the poutine was. . . maybe a little disappointing.  The fries were fine, but soggy from the gravy (which I guess is understandable, but there's something about fried food that's supposed to be crispy but is actually soggy that I don't like).  The gravy itself was too tangy for my taste, like there was mustard in it, and I guess my taste buds aren't so refined-- I was expected a more unctuous, salty, one-note gravy.  The cheese curds were lovely, a little squeaky which I love, and nicely gooey and melted at the bottom of the bowl.But the reason for the 4 stars is not the poutine (they really only merit 3)- it's the BDLT.  A BLT with duck confit (!!!).  The duck confit was so lovely in this perfect little sandwich.  The bread was also amazing-- so buttery and toasted-- almost as if it had been browned in a buttery pan instead of in a toaster.  The vibe is also great-- laid-back crowded lunch spot on a great little street near the Palais des Congres that happens to have elevated diner cuisine.  I would definitely come back, maybe not for the poutine, but definitely for the BDLT and to explore the rest of the menu.
5	Although the resturant is only blocks from Notre Dame Cathedral it's certainly not a tourist trap.
4	My work schedule is not one that provides opportunity to try out lunch spots during the week and certainly not ones downtown so when I get a chance, I really need to jump on them. Taking advantage of a recent Friday vacation day, I made my way to the old port for a long overdue visit to the Gros Jambon diner. This is a diner in appearance through and through - from the long narrow space, to the counter with open kitchen, to the retro 70s style decor and, given my arrival during the lunch rush, the full occupancy with a lineup at the door.The diner's claim to fame is its typical diner fare but with a twist. Burgers, grilled cheese, fries, poutine, Mac n'cheese, hot dogs, BLTs and sandwiches. All the classic. However, classics don't include things like lobster, duck confit, coca-cola mayo, fried pickles. Those are the elements that make this diner unique. I went in prepared to order their coca-cola burger which I wanted to try during MTL Burger Week this past summer but didn't get around to it. However, after talking withers waitress, I switched to the duck confit grilled cheese. Given my hatred of pickles (I know, I know... Just ignore that statement and let's move on), she advised that I skip the burger since that was its main selling point. I appreciated the honesty and ended up really enjoying my choice.There is really nothing that makes a grilled cheese as well as a flattop. Just a perfect crisp on the bread with the proper gooey cheese center enhanced by the duck confit. Add to that very nice crispy fries with some coleslaw and you get a delicious, rich and decadent lunch. Exactly what you want and except from a diner style establishment.Added to that dish, I ordered a warm apple and cranberry cider and a apple bourbon doughnut. The cider was quite good - a nice balance between the apple and cranberry. The doughnut was a bit of a disappointment - much more bourbon than bacon. It felt like the bacon was just there to say there was bacon. It didn't feel essential to the flavor profile of the doughnut.All in all, Le Gros Jambon was a good experience and certainly a place I want to go back to to try other items on the menu. If you are in the old port and looking for a quick but delicious lunch, you should certainly consider giving this diner a shot. I simply wished I worked a little closer so I could give it more consideration more regularly.Cheers!
4	Going to the Gros Jambon, is like waking up in your pajamas  as you drowsily boil up your first coffee, only to find some really super nice people gently shake you on your way to start the day with the glorifying smell of FRIED CHICKEN! and wafflesSo my friday evening  was nothing like a dark winters morning coffee. Whereas I  finished my epic meal with a Classic ceaser (clamato, horseradish and hot sauce) Then we moved on to a Cajun Lemonade suggested by a neighbor sitting by me. To which started an avalanche of drinks and Tacos.(needed more cheese and meat -)  We did however pause to enjoy the sounds "Soul Street Rhythm Band" who played three whole sets , creating a addictive atmosphere where the whole restaurant threw there inhibitions in the air and started dancing with each other. Aplace i leave to your own judgement , but if you want something unique- I am certain you will find it at Gros Jambon .
4	First time I came here I ate the Best burger I've ever eaten in Canada. It was the Coca cola burger ($13). Juicy and pink. Perfectly cooked. Toasted yet soft bun. Wow!I had a nice conversation with the server and cook as we all were shocked that the burger was made with Alberta Beef yet the best I had tasted in the country. I came here again the next day after touring the Basilica and had the philly cheese steak. It was average at best. It was missing grilled peppers and mushrooms and hastily put together. -1 star. Two days later my wife flew in from Calgary and I took her here for lunch while visit Old Montreal. I had the Coca-cola burger again, and she got a chicken sandwich with poutine. The burger was overcooked and not the nice juicy pink, but instead average. My wife's food however was excellent especially the poutine. It had a maple flavor to it. Yum!What I love most is that it is a cute little diner where the dress code is casual. I found most of the other places in the area with more than 3 stars were more upscale and I wasn't dressed for them being in shorts and a t-shirt having just explored old Montreal and walked/biked all day. Oh and for parking don't park in the next door rip off lot, just get street parking around the corner on a side street and walk in.
5	Go here. Great place for lunch in Old Montreal. I had the daily special (kimchi dog) and my husband had the hamburger. Both cooked perfectly. The bun was clearly freshly baked and the fries were thick and super crispy. We were in and out in about 30 minutes. They also had a great selection of shakes. Highly recommend!
5	Fantastic food! Chicken and waffles amazing. French toast amazing! Meaghan amazing! Jesse amazing! Pavi amazing! Definitely will come back soon!
4	Some nice and interesting stuff. Gear mix of  flavors. The maple syrup is very nice. The waffle chicken is overrated.
5	Disclaimer: i love little diners.Definitely worth the trip if you're staying nearby and want a really casual place to grab breakfast or lunch.  Gets really busy around lunch time but as usual with diners people are in and out pretty quickly.  If you're lucky like us you'll get seated at the front (looking out into the street), but most seats have you crammed elbow-to-elbow with other people staring at the wall.I ordered the eggs benedict and was impressed by it.  It wasn't the usual hollandaise sauce but it was still very delicious.  The side sausage i got was more like a hamburger patty but tasted amazing. And it also came with some sort of crab-cake-shaped-potato thing that moist on the inside, and crispy on the outside.  Damned tasty.  The poutine wasn't bad, but i'd probably skip it next time.  It had a mustard sauce mixed in that made it taste really odd.  Still ended up eating most of it, but i guess i like my poutine made the standard way.
5	After reading the reviews, I took my family here for breakfast Saturday brunch. We arrived when the place was mostly empty, which is good since it seats maybe 25 people. Sitting at the bar, we spent a few minutes spinning around in our stools, looking at the decor and watching the cooks just behind the counter making food for the couple next to us. As they slid two beautiful plates of colorful food across to the couple, I realized this would probably be a great meal.Mom ordered the the huevos rancheros, my sister the french toast, and I the eggs benedict. Everything took maybe 8 minutes to prepare, while we sat drinking tea and coffee. The tea water was brought in individual tea pots, and a selection of tea bags placed in front of us. The tea mixed with the amazing smell of the food next to us and our own being prepared had me nearly salivating by the time our food was ready. As it was being put down, I noticed I had also received huevos rancheros. I mentioned it to the waitress, acknowledging that I might have misspoken, and she offered to make me the eggs benedict as well. That seemed excessive, so instead she had a small plate made so I could get the taste without the full order.In a word; incredible. The huevos rancheros were soft and flavorful, the pico di gallo and salsa creating a delicious blend with the mashed chorizo hidden underneath it all. The french toast (we were sharing, of course) was sweet without being excessive, and the syrup and fruit tasted amazing. And the mini-benedict they made for me in five minutes (and presented with a smiled apology that was unneeded, but a point in their favor) was the best eggs benedict I've ever eaten. I'm not sure what their hollendaise recipe was, but I want it.Each plate also came with two small patties of potato mixed with, to quote, "ham, bacon, sausage, chive, pepper, and a ton of other great stuff). They're a bite or two apiece, and I would have happily paid for a plate of them as an appetizer.The food, decor, and friendly waitstaff, not to mention the great prices, make this my first 5-star review in Montreal! They open a little too late for me to grab breakfast on weekdays, but I'll be looking forward to Jambon the next time I have a weekend in Old Montreal!
5	Le Gros Jambon will always have a welcome place in my heart, as it's the very first restaurant with waiter service where I dined solo.Decidedly retro, Le Gros Jambon is a small 50's style diner nestled amongst the narrow streets of Old Montreal. There's enough seating for maybe 25 people, split between two long counters. You've got the option of watching the cooks at work behind one counter, or checking out the walls of memorabilia from decades long gone by at the other. I especially enjoyed some of the vintage wrestling posters near my seat.The staff was very welcoming and friendly from the moment I arrived - which was a huge plus for an anxiety-ridden solo diner like myself. I was promptly brought a glass of ice water and handed a menu to choose my lunch. I came late in the day on a Saturday, so there was relatively no crowds there.I had the Burger Gros Jambon, which has Bacon, Fried Egg, Cheese, and their house sauce. Please believe me when I tell you that this burger was easily one of the top 5 burgers I've ever had in my entire life! And if you look at my picture, you can tell I'm a guy who eats a lot of burgers. Juicy and flavorful, the burger was absolutely delicious, and I found myself disappointed when I finished it.Also, I decided to be brave and order the poutine as a side dish. It's an extra $4, but what the hell - I was on vacation and being adventurous, so why not?Having never tried poutine before, I think it's fair to say poutine is an acquired taste. I didn't enjoy it very much, as I felt like I was eating a heart attack in a bowl. I couldn't get through the whole dish. That said, please take my review of the poutine with a grain of salt.Le Gros Jambon definitely deserves five stars from me. The excellent quality of the burger, the warm and friendly service, and the overall atmosphere makes it a great place to dine when you're in Old Montreal.
2	A rare miss for yelp and MontrealGiven the outstanding reviews and the fact that I have had very few bad meals in Montreal I had high expectations for this place. During my first visit for lunch I was really impressed with the Duck BLT (BDLT). Overall it was probably a 3.5 star experience but delicious nonetheless. The prices were good and service was friendly. Given the proximity to my hotel I decided to give brunch a try here the next day. This was a huge mistake.  I did get take out and I'm not sure if this impacted the food quality but it was probably some of the worst brunch I've ever had. Terrible french toast and eggs benedict. Everything else was average at best. Waste of about $60 because we didn't even eat half of the food.Sorry to disagree with all of the positive reviews but I won't be returning here.
4	Solid old-school diner action with nearly all stool seating, a very simple menu, and good straight forward eats, all served up on piggy shaped platters.  Juice choices are pretty limited, but if coffee is your drink you'll be happily topped up all throughout your meal.Staff is friendly.  And the place is quiet during lunchtime during the week.  A good choice if you're looking to do some chatting with a friend without having to yell at each other to be heard.
3	Friendly staff, food is tasty but not very healthy at all, made me feel sick after eating their macaroni and cheese with bacon. It is also not the cheapest place to eat, I paid around 15 doors for the food alone, no drinks.
4	Cool throwback diner look!The eggs benny was daintier (ie smaller) than I'm accustomed to but all the elements were absolutely lip-smackingly spot on. Divine hollandaise sauce and crispiest bacon ever (yes, I ordered it with regular bacon). The addition of two lil crab cakes on the plate (or were they lobster cakes?) was unexpected and fantastic.Unfortunately, the fried chicken and biscuits (served with horseradish maple syrup?!) was a big miss for me. Thankfully, I made my hubby eat it while I devoured the eggs benny. Marriage is fun.
5	Holy moly. One of the best breakfasts I've ever had in my book. Two things that need to be known...1. I usually never order sweet stuff, 2. I don't order specials of the day...not sure why. I should probably change that soft rule. It's a great way to test the chef's creativity. Anyways, we found out about this place while walking towards our other brunch place. Two different sets of people stopped us while we were staring at the diner from afar to tell us how awesome it is. So we decided to take the locals' word for it and check it out. Super glad we bailed on our other choice. I would go here every day if there were one in ny. We got the apple pecan pancakes and the eggs benedict with smoked meat. I finished the pancakes...and I NEVER finish pancakes. These pancakes were like soft and fluffy fall clouds with a crispy crust like exterior. The smoked meat was so good with the eggs benedict, which were pretty standard - can't really ruin that ...well I guess you can, but they didn't!WHY ARE YOU NOT IN THE STATES. sadface.
1	Was really looking forward to trying this place as I'd only ever heard good reviews.Perhaps we arrived at a bad time but I think the staff could've communicated and told us that... It was 2pm. We waited in a queue for about 10 Minutes and the people in front of us were taken to their seats. Time passed and there were free seats everywhere... in fact, the waitress was just cleaning more and more spaces. We weren't even acknowledged. After a further 10 mins my partner went to ask what was going on and was snapped at and told to wait another 2minutes. There must've been about 8 free seats now and she continued cleaning whilst we continued to watch. 25 minutes later and she came up to us and snapped 'sit wherever' and marched off.  We decided that even after the wait, we'd prefer not to be treated like that and prefer to spend our money elsewhere. Disappointing service.
4	Le Gros Jambon is dope. I stepped in after walking this marvelous city that I've come to know as my oasis away from Boston. This diner has such a nostalgic flair to it that makes you feel at home when you step inside. Very warm and inviting. The open kitchen/cooking area with barstool seating and old pictures on the wall are also masterfully laid out.After chewing on what the menu had to offer, I chose to go for the BDLT and classic poutine. I don't even like tomatoes. The taste and texture is something that I've never became accustomed to, but as of late I've been trying to slowly become tolerant by not taking it out of my dishes and never eating it by itself. The bacon and duck meat definitely helped mask that. The ingredients all worked and complimented each other very well. It was delicious!I've tried both the shoestring and thick cut variety throughout the city, and the poutine here is one of the better that I've had in Montreal. Thick cut is the ticket. It absorbs the gravy much better than the thin and of course is much meatier. Loved it.I'll definitely be back soon, as I've read their breakfast is to fucking die for. Round 2 coming soon to a palate near you!Go Bruins!!!*Beantowns Finest*
3	If you're looking for fried chicken and waffles in Old Montreal this is the place to be! Their Gros Jambon burger with the Coca Cola Mayo is delicious as well! The food here is good, and affordable for lunch. Excellent service. Definitely recommend!Food -  GoodService - Friendly and quickAmbiance - VintageWorth the money - Yes!
1	Disgusting. I was afraid to touch any surfaces. I ordered the fried chicken and waffles. The waffles had no texture and the chicken was cold on the outside. It has obviously been cooked the day before and was just quickly refried before serving. Yuck. Stay away.
2	Went because I searched for a kid friendly restaurant on yelp and this place got good reviews. Cute little place, but no tables...all counter seating...not ideal for family, but not the worst thing in the world, and I was looking forward to chicken and waffles...which turned out to be pretty mediocre. It's the first time this chubby girl ever gave away a piece of fried chicken! Flavourless. The waffle was flat and not eggy at all. My 13 year old thought it was great (13 year olds are pretty stupid). I also thought $16.99 for 2 pieces of chicken and a waffle was a little out there, even if it had been crazy good which it was not. Companion had mushroom toast and loved it. He has no sense of smell so you take that for what it's worth. Service was great and the plates were cute, if plates are important to you. If plates are important to you, you're gonna LOVE this place.
4	Downtown Montreal is littered with small hole in the wall joints like this.  I rely on Yelp to steer me in the right direction, especially in a target-rich environment like Montreal.  That's how I found Le Gros Jambon.The place is small.  There's a small counter with stools to the right, and a bar with stools on the left.  If you fart in here, everyone will hear it.  It's cozy.  But, cozy is a good word here.. that's what gives this place some of its charm.I ordered Mushroom Toast, and my co-pilot ordered the BDLT.  The "D" stands for Duck Confit.  When our dishes were delivered, I seriously considered knocking Casey in the head and taking his BDLT.  He said it was delicious and I believe him.My dish was a piece of Rye toast topped with smoked meat, fried eggs, and a superb mushroom gravy.  The sides were hash browns (these were different than any I ever had, go see for yourself!) and baked beans.  This dish is filling, but not too much so.  Their smoked meat is delicious!The service was great, even though they were very busy, and they are warm and friendly.  Given this was lunchtime on Sunday, there were quite a few patrons nursing hangovers.  You could tell... that dull form of awareness, messy hair, staring at their plates in a gaze... Le Gros Jambon is good for what ails ya.
5	My friends and I woke up starving this past Sunday morning and wanted to find a place that was within walking distance of the hotel.  We found Le Gros Jambon near the top of the Yelp reviews so we headed over there.  I knew this place was legit as soon as I walked in the door.This diner is so small that there are no tables.  There's only a bar on the left facing the grill and a bar on the right against the wall.  The breakfast menu is very short; there were only four or five total items available.  I ordered the Juevos Rancheros and they were perfect.  We also order the daily special to split between us since we couldn't resist the offer of chocolate chip peanut butter pancakes.  They were outstanding and a perfect dessert.  Everyone on the waitstaff was super friendly.I love that this place is so close to my hotel because I definitely plan on coming back here when I'm not in a rush to get to work.
4	Whether you're hungry, hungover or simply hungkering (it's a word now, deal with it) for some quality eats, Le Gros Jambon has what you need.Breakfasts are simple but filling, and there's always a little something extra to them. Take the Benedict, served on top of a cheddar biscuit. Then there's the potato croquettes, filled with ham and little bits of duck skin. Coming in late? No worries, they do awesome lunches too. Heck, you can even take them to go!
5	From the outside, this diner appears fairly pedestrian, but go inside and you're greeted with hip decor, retro tunes and a menu that celebrates American "cuisine." The counter/stool only dining makes groups of more than two a little awkward, but it's a great place to grab a bite. Most of the food is pretty rich, with a lot of fried foods (honestly, you'll come out smelling like you're the one who was deep fried) but it all seems delicious. I stuck with the basic BLT which was perfectly true to tradition, with large portions of bacon, just enough lettuce and tomato served on a texas toast. The fried chicken was cooked perfectly and other entrees, especially the poached eggs looked delicious. I'll be headed back for a second helping soon.
4	After a long, late night at Jazz Festival, this small diner was exactly what the doctor ordered.  Eggs Benedict with sausage, and a side of Poutine.  Excellent day after food!  :) The cappucino was fantastic as well.
4	Came here late on a Friday afternoon.  When I walked in, I immediately felt comfortable and relaxed.  This was most likely due to the adorable, retro diner decor.  The seating was mainly "bar style" where everyone sits next to each other, facing either the wall or the open grill area.We sat facing the wall, which was a good idea because there were a ton of great old, framed retro adverts from old magazines, as well as cool old photos and assorted Canadiana.We were only slightly hungry, so the two of us split their grilled cheese sandwich and a poutine.  I must say, it was the second-best poutine I've ever had in my life.  Amazingly deeply crispy fries, perfect cheese curds and this super savoury gravy speckled with mustard seeds.   The grilled cheese was grilled cheese - except done flawlessly.Simple, refreshingly well executed comfort food, friendly service, and a great decor and vibe.  No pretension here.  Go check it out!
5	Went here about a month ago.  Ironically, I ate a porkless breakfast on a pig plate in a place named after ham.  The mushroom toast had a flare of local flavour with the smoke meat Decorated by somebody who had leftovers from a foodie-inspired man cave, it's a fun environment with great service even if you're an anglophone. http://fareeatales.com/2014/07/06/ironic-eating-as-i-tip-my-chapeau-to-the-big-ham-aka-le-gros-jambon/
4	Awesome diner near old Montreal. Great poutine and pretty much everything else is worth trying
4	The decor is fun and funky but it's a hot day and there's no air conditioning. That made me consider not staying but I am glad I did. The gros jambon sandwich was delicious and the Caesar was sublime. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles and a bite of his was pretty tasty (though mine was better). The staff were friendly and casual. The place is a touch hipster with good food at a good price. They just need air conditioning.
3	3.5Despite not being one who eats much red meat, I was told over and over that, while in Montreal, I *needed* to get a smoked meat sandwich. And, if I was in the market for a sandwich, I needed to go to LGJ to have it. Okay and done.The diner was easy enough to find and on a breezy Tuesday afternoon, wasn't very busy. I walked in and noticed the laid-back vibe of the place, stools at the bar and casual chit-chat permeating the air. This'll do. I made eye contact with the waitress and she told me to have a seat wherever I pleased. I took a stool at the window counter and began to look over the menu. It was a formality. I knew what I wanted: smoked meat sandwich, side of poutine and a Canadian beer. The waitress came by, I order, she smiled and told me 'good job' and put the order in. In no time at all, I had a pint of beer (a pilsner, I believe; Moosehead?) and was set to do some serious people watching. Not long after that, the sandwich arrived.Oh boy. I might be in trouble.As mentioned earlier, I don't eat much red meat and this sandwich was brimming with smoked, cured beef, rye bread and mustard. I think I got a lean cut, which most people would appreciate. I would rather* have eaten a medium cut. The fatty quality to the meat would have mixed up the task of eating so much meat. As it was, despite the mustard (my favorite condiment), the sandwich was pretty dry. Thank goodness for the poutine. Fries with cheese curds and gravy just.makes.sense. Having the dish in its native land makes it all the more better. I could have eaten a tray of the stuff but judging how tight my chest felt after lunch, it's probably a good idea that I didn't. I don't know whether it's the dish or the restaurant but I can't say that smoked meat's for me. I'm glad, though, that I tried it. Plus, you know, poutine. Mmm, poutine...*'rathered' is terrible English.
4	Found this place by accident while I was wandering the neighborhold on a Sunday, in a sulk due to Olive+Gourmand being closed on Sun & Mon. I hate to say it, but I'm glad O+G was closed, otherwise I wouldn't have tried this place.I'm a big fan of hipster diners and this is one of the best I've been to. It's small, jam- packed in a jovial way and they play great tunes on the hi-fi.I had their BLT and a side ceasar salad. The BLT was GREAT. The Ceasar was just so-so. My Gentleman had a cheeseburger which I snuck a few bites of. It was VERY good and I would definitely come back to order it. By far the best thing though is their french fries: double-fried, and perfect amount of crispy and salty. The staff were efficient and friendly. I asked for a bunch of condiments "on the side" and they nicely obliged. Prices are very reasonable. Note: it's crazy hot in the restaurant (likely due to it being small and close quarters). Wear a t-shirt!I will definitely be back when i'm next in Montreal.
5	What a great place, which we never would have found without Yelp...because it's a bit off the path.  Classic hipster diner that will NOT disappoint.  My boyfriend had the fried chicken with the blue cheese sauce - whoa...so good!  I had the grilled cheese which really hit the spot...oh, and the fries and cole slaw that came with it were really good, too.  I'd definitely venture back if I found myself looking for lunch in the Vieux Port!
5	Went there on a recommendation from a friend and loved it! We got amazing french toast piled high with toasted coconut and pecans with assorted fruit AND perfectly poached eggs Benedict with the most amazing ham. The coffee was good and the mimosa was boozy. A little on the pricy side but it was old Montreal so we weren't surprised. We sat at the counter facing the grill and the staff were super friendly and cool.
4	In the touristy area around Notre Dame and old Montreal there are plenty of choices of eats but this all bar seating diner packs in the locals as well as the sightseers. We joined the queue for the next available stool.This fun restaurant serves American dishes with a Montreal twist I suppose. The Poutine with the gravy and cheese is a Montreal staple. The ham sandwich was toasted crispy bread that was warm on the inside and a hint of mustard. The build  your fried chicken taco was fun finger food at its best and the fried chicken was done perfectly. Crispy and not a trace of oil. While it certainly wasn't light, it was perfect knowing the next 8 hours will be spent walking, and walking and walking.
5	I found this place on Yelp as I was looking for a good place for poutine. It's all I ordered, but it was AMAZING and the people there were so nice!  I may have to go back for dinner tonight or lunch tomorrow. SO GOOD!!
4	Duck Confit Poutine....OMG...It was so unbelievably good...the gravy and the cheese curds...It was so good and even the fryer oil smell also reminds me of a small diner in Philly..:)Must try when you're in Montreal, QC...
4	small "hole in the wall" type place. very yummy food for a great price.
5	Duck. Poutine. C'est magnifique! So glad we went here. Staff was very kind and accommodating to us. I adored the duck poutine and the drink selection. My husband greatly enjoyed the smoked meat sandwich. Would definitely eat here again. So much on the menu sounds delicious.
4	Dropped in for a quick lunch with the wife, it was quite easy to find Le Gros Jambon on Notre Dame street. Once seated, I went with the 'Coke Hotdog' and 'Poutine' and sat at their counter to watch it get prepared right in front of me. While I waited I couldn't help but notice once again how small this place is... in fact... TINY... yet they do the best they can with it. The waitress doesn't even have the space to serve me behind the counter and thus comes in from behind me in between their only 2 bar stool rows.About 10 minutes later my yummy looking dog and poutine was served... and it didn't last long at all. Delicious!!! The hot dog was perfect though I'm unsure if I actually tasted the coke. Whatever. The condiments were fresh and quite generous. It was one mighty good dog! The poutine was really solid, with a gravy that had both texture and taste that appealed to me, the fries were done just right and the curds melted between them. This is what a standard poutine should taste like.All was expertly done. I should try their other stuff if I ever come back.On the way out, I took an "allonge" coffee however that proved to be disappointing as the taste was way off and was far too grainy for me. I'm unsure if it is the grains that were used or the way it was done.... but it definitely wasn't for me.
2	I'm not sure what the hype is all about. We had the chicken & waffles, duck confit poutine, and a BLT. The BLT and poutine were both fine / mediocre. For me, the chicken and waffles with mustard seeds in the syrup was revolting. The decor and staff here are cool, but I regret eating here.
5	Little gem in the heart of old Montreal. The staff are super friendly and accommodating. The food was quick and delicious! Highly recommended!
5	Service was great. Cute little diner with awesome food. We had poutine and duck confit, chicken tacos and more (regular) poutine. Yum yum yum... People were friendly and decor was awesome. Wish I could've tried the mac and cheese because that looked out of this world. Great little lunch place to try while in Montreal.
5	Great place! Clean, adorable, friendly service. And of course great food! Definitely a good start to the day.
5	This is a modern take on an old-school style luncheonette, and it works out quite well. Instead of the greasy-spoon fare of the '60s and '70s, the artisan cooks put a contemporary take on the classics without being too fussy. A Benedict is still a Benedict, just prepared with a little more thought and care.The food is good, and the space is tight. If you're standing outside reading Yelp! reviews, wondering whether to go in: go in!
5	Definitely a big fan, the fried chicken was very very very good. Highly suggested if you're in the Montreal area. We wrote more about it on our blog.http://inbetweenmoments.com
4	Totally awesome food! Had a simple two scrambled eggs with home made breakfast sausage (that was to die for), and also homemade toast. Definitely coming back & can't wait to try the lunch menu!
5	We stumbled in here on New Year's Eve morning when our original destination was closed, and it was the best stumble I've ever made. Le Gros Jambon is adorable and kind of feels like an old diner off of Route 66, but with a Montreal flair. Boyfriend and I were warmly welcomed by the proprietor who filled us with coffee and the belief that Montreal is the friendliest place in the world. I got the breakfast burrito which was amazing and delicious, and my arm candy got the mushroom toast, which was toast loaded with smoked meat and mushroom gravy. Oh mah gah. It was the best accident brunch I've ever had. I wish we had been able to stay in Montreal longer so we could have returned to try more. Best meal we had in Montreal.
5	Just the breakfast these two hungover Americans were looking for! Amazing biscuits, breakfast sausage, coffee...and good music.
