4	DROP EVERYTHING!! MAKE NEW PLANS FOR THURSDAY NIGHT!!  Canteen Modern Tequila Bar is ready to open Thursday. Wife and I were lucky enough to snag a special invite last night from owner Julian Wright, and glad we did. Soft "training" opening with a simple menu, but simple done well is still DELICIOUS! Clean decor, with cozy padded seating, plenty of wood, rainbow mosaic tile, and a mix of sleek and rusted steel to balance it all. (Sorry no pics!) They may still tweak the menu, but our samples were mini tacos piled high with shredded pork, cheese, cilantro, and I think, guacamole spread. Spare ribs too, meaty, not too fat, with a hint of sweet. And the simple chicken wing, but big ones, also meaty, grilled with the perfect char. A great house margarita too, thanks to bartenders Clint & Dulia. We are downtown Tempe regulars and are sure to return this weekend. Loved it! I would have gone 5 stars but I am sure their best is coming........
1	Ok, so this place is pretty nice looking, and decent sized, a bit of an odd layout though...  I felt like you definitely paid for that.  Opening night, THURSDAY, and NO SPECIALS.  I mean really?  This is still a college town right?  5 bucks for a (warm) beer, 6.50 for jager, and the typical 8 bucks for patron...    The dj wasnt really sucking me in either...  Overall, Id say this is a nice place with some potential as long as you arent looking for cheap drinks.
5	A MAJOR step in the right direction for Mill. This is not some crappy college dive bar. It actually has class, but not in that stuffy/douchy Scottsdale way.I guess I'd call the design and the interior "Modern Hacienda." I enjoyed the huge patio bar that faces 6th St. (This location on the street, as oppsed to hidden away, is important to create an authentic urban environment.) There is another patio out back as well. If you like tequila, this is place to go. I had many margaritas. I loved the shrimp tacos. They were smaller than I thought they would be but I felt satisfied after I inhaled them. So much flavor and so satisfying. The service was friendly and attentive. There was a guy who kept coming and filling up my water. That is critical for me: I hate begging for water. (It's the difference between a good tip and a great tip.)I had my server bring the General Manager out so I could tell him what an awesome restaurant he had. I was there the 2nd night it was open and it was packed. This is my new favorite place and I'm glad I live so close so that I can stumble home drunk any night of the week.
5	I work right across the street from the Restaurant and really have been craving modern Mexican food lately.  I decided today to head over there on my dinner break and ate by myself and had the best experience.  I was automatically offered a drink by someone who wasn't my server.  I ordered my food and it was promptly served.  My server refilled my drink before i was emptly.  I was asked my four different employees how everything was going!  My plates were cleared immediately by another server and a box was brought out by someone else and the bill as well.  They have this great group of people that help each other out in getting things taken care of.   The food was really great.  I ordered Pozole soup and the corn tamale.  I also got to try the mushroom tacos because there were extras.  Anyway i would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone.  This is definitely what Mill needed as far as a nice bar with some food options.  I'll be frequenting this place quite often.
1	Ok, so the grand opening hasn't even happened yet for this place, but sorry Im gonna miss it.  Not...A group of eight of us show up tonight for "dinner" and drinks.  We get seated way the hell in the back.  I guess we didn't fit in with the rest of the crowd.  Two graphic designers, three filmmakers, a photographer and some friends.. ok?  The reason I point this out is that the waiter lets us know that this place isn't that classy of a place like LeBoca, so the people are.. well... less classy? The guy was digging himself a hole.So we order drinks, which seem to take about 10minutes to get to our table.  In the mean time we're looking at our menu and the waiter leaves again for about 10min... he finally shows up and we order from this tiny little menu.   My girlfriend and I order some tacos and chips with guacamole, everyone else orders something a bit similar.  Conversation is picking up while we wait for our food.  I see people coming and going and that's when we notice that our food is taking too damn long.  Finally after eating our small plate of chips and guacamole our food arrives. Probably about 45min later.  Here's the best part....So the food shows up and after waiting for 45minutes, we get these tiny little tacos that look like they are from the menu of a 2 year old.  That's right.. each of the three tacos are literally two bites at most each.  Everyone eats their dinner in about 5minutes max..  pathetic.After our tiny little dinner, we ask for our bills..The waiter doesn't think to bring all our bills at once, no.. instead he brings one or two at a time. Guess he wants us to stick around? Who knows.. Finally the two filmmakers get their bill, pay and they leave.. couple other of our friends do the same.  My friend and I stay with our other friend who's still waiting on his bill.  He gets it and notices that his $15 meal was just charged $30 on his credit card.  He complains and the waiter vanishes for about 20minutes to fix his card.  When he comes back he gives some crap about fixing it and giving him a credit.. guess how much? Oh about 50 cents.. He signed the slip and the remaining three of us left this crappy place.The place actually does look pretty cool.  Too bad the service sucks and the food is barely appetizer quality at best.
4	Went in for a couple of drinks after passing by on Mill. The decor is what caught our attention. Very trendy and classy place. Set itself apart from every other bar on Mill.  Reasonably priced drinks bar staff was friendly enough. Would definitely go back here
4	Oh Mill. You are so fun but overcome with college students so it's sometimes hard to enjoy your splendor -- until now that it is. Welcome Canteen Modern Tequila Bar. You are welcomed with open arms to Mill! You are trendy, classy, decently priced and tasty! When I hear the words tequila and bar, I immediately feel a phantom hangover coming on and assume that if I visit, I should be prepared for a long headache filled morning after. But, don't let that fool you about the Canteen. Although the tequilas are top notch and flowing straight from the border, there's much more than lime and salt to this place. Let me first start with the decor. It doesn't quite fit in with the divey feel of Mill but that's a good thing. Similar to the class La Bocca brought to the street, the Canteen has a classy edge to the decor. It's very open. You could easily have a large party here and still have room for more. There are two patios; one off the front and one off the back. The bar is spacious and there's also a patio off the bar -- so actually there are three patios! I thoroughly enjoyed the back patio. The tables are high tops with cushioned seats and umbrellas. The tables are far enough apart from each other that you aren't sitting with a neighbor and sharing your salsa with them. I could easily see this being a fun restaurant at any time of day or night and it's going to be a perfect leisurely spot to stay for awhile. Now on to the food. Delish! First of all, go during happy hour. Between two of us, we had two margaritas, two taco plates, salsa and guacamole and it was only $10 a person. The items on happy hour have "hh" next to them -- and there's a lot to choose from. I think I pay more at a local Mexican fast food restaurant! And though the food is competitively priced, you wouldn't know by the taste. The margaritas are freshly made with lime juice and not pre-made margarita mix. I could absolutely tell the difference and while I'm not normally a huge Margarita fan, I could see these being dangerous and turning the night into a 5 margarita time. The guacamole was freshly made and had a good kick to it. We had the Cascabel salsa which is what I suggest. It was a tasty salsa to accompany the guacamole. When I saw that an entree comes with three tacos, I was worried it would be too much, but they are actually street style tacos so three is just the right amount. I left satisfied but not too full. I got the chicken tacos and my friend got the shrimp and we split. I like the chicken tacos better than the shrimp but they were both excellent. Add some of your guacamole and salsa to them and they are supreme! I think that Julian Wright did an excellent job adding a little bit more flare to Mill and I see this restaurant being a huge success. I would absolutely make the drive to visit again and make a night of it here.
5	Great margaritas, excellent price, and very nice atmosphere. What else do you need to know?
5	I've been a fan of La Bocca for a long time because it served the needs of an underserved demographic on Mill Avenue. Canteen offers many things that La Bocca does...and more. What is that demographic exactly? ...Late twenties, looking for something chic and classy without paying a ridiculous premium for those qualities. Mill has plenty to offer for the ASU kids and the older adults, but for those of us who lie somewhere in between, places like La Bocca and Canteen are just right. Canteen one ups La Bocca, in fact, because there are menu items included in happy hour (50% off most drinks and select food items). Here are the highlights:The margarita. It's a real margarita! (It's not a lime daiquiri masquerading as margarita. Loads of sour mix does not a margarita make.)The chips and salsa. Both fresh and delicious. The pico de gallo is particularly fresh and delicious. The ribs. Sweet and spicy...the level of heat from the habenero is perfect and the meat literally falls right off the bones.The ambiance. It's chic but not pretentious. My friends and I really enjoyed the Latin music. Our suggestion would be to emphasize that music and minimize the clubby stuff (it verges on Scottsdale).To contextualize some of the other yelper's comments. I was glad to hear that one yelper didn't find Canteen suited to his beer and Jaeger shot needs. There's a bar (or ten) down the street for that. For the yelpers that found the portions to be too small, I suspect they didn't understand the Mexican take on tapas that the taco menu is going for (in fact, the whole valley suffers from a lack of tapas locations). Finally, the service complains...my service has been cordial and attentive, even when super-busy. Folks, this place is new, let's let it go through it's growing pains before issuing such harsh judgments that might jeopardize the success of a really wonderful place.
4	First things first - the margaritas are delicious. Simple and classic, they are the types of 'ritas that have you downing 3 before you realize it. They are smooth and tart and refreshing. I haven't tried it with any other tequila on their HUGE list, but someday I'll know enough to do that.The snacks are also very good, especially the onion rings and pork tacos. I want to roll around in that spicy aioli they give you with the onion rings. Amazing.  Also delicious - the chipotle salsa. Perfect amount of spice.the only thing i can say is less than stellar is the education on the tequilas. I'm sure they are just getting their bearings, but I appreciate a good lesson on liquor, and with this much to choose from, I definitely need guidance. I'd bet they'd get a lot more upgrades on those margaritas if they were able to recommend a few other tequilas from their extensive list. But this has become my favorite place for a chill drink after work. The vibe and decor is awesome, so i highly recommend it for happy hour!
4	Great place even if you're not a tequila fan! Loved the shrimp tacos and cocktails almost as much as I loved their outdoor patio that is the best at night with the warm Arizona weather... such a cool, hip bar/restaurant/lounge... definitely worth checking out!
2	Dissapointment... That was the feeling I left with. I have been wanting to go here for awhile. We finally made it in the other no\ight for a cocktail. the decor is dark and romantic. They have movies in Spanish plaing on a big screen in the middle of the dining room.The bathroom set up is strange. They are very clean and had really good smelling candles in them. The sinks are in the hall outside the bathroom. It's kinda cool and I'm sure many conversations happen there.Were the dissapointment happed was at the bar. It took a minute for someone to acknowlede us. I ordered a vodka soda. That was not what I got. I ended up with the flatest vodka tonic I have ever had, it was nasty. My guy got a really flat beer.It took awhile for the bartender to comeback and check on us. He replaced my drink for a vodka soda, but again it had no bubbles at all. To add insult to injury there were some drunk typical Tempe turds trying to start a fight with my boyfriend for absolutly no reason. Maybe I'm finally too old for Mill...
5	I am in love. First of all, I'm a taco connoisseur & a tequila lover, so it wouldn't have taken much to please me. However, the corona & lime chicken tacos were excellent, our server was knowledgeable about tequilas (& able to find something for my hyper-picky best friend to eat), & the margaritas were good enough that my generally thrifty friends ordered 3 each.I agree that it would be helpful to have some sort of primer on tequila for those who are less tequila-inclined, but I will definitely be back.
4	Really enjoyed this place. We had an EXCELLENT server and goddamn if I didn't forget his name already (Aaron? Eric? Sorry, dude...) LOTS of different types of tequila and our server really knew his stuff. I'm not much of a tequila drinker (too many shots of Patron followed by an 18-hour bout of hugging porcelain many, many moons ago) but he pointed me toward a few types that either had a slightly sweet or non-existent aftertaste that went down smoothly, with no lime needed. Nice! Food was good too - mini tacos are tasty and come three to an order. You do have to pay for chips and salsa but the chips are to freaking DIE for, thin, warm, crispy, fresh, salty, PERFECT.
4	What's a 25+ year old to do in a city built around Sun Devil spirit and keg parties? Mill Ave is at the heart of Tempe, and it had begun to feel like I had outgrown it. Then La Bocca moved in and my friends and I had a delicious place to go with a great Happy Hour that made us feel like we could still call Mill home. After a few successful years the great minds behind La Bocca opened Canteen...a tequila bar that brings something fresh and new to Mill. The restaurant itself is MASSIVE, and the trendy decor adds a splash of color and class to the restaurant. In Arizona we count down the seconds until it is cool enough to enjoy a drink outside, and Canteen doesn't disappoint, with giant patios in the front and the back of the restaurant. Canteen has a great Happy Hour (we got three drinks, chips/guac and nine tacos for $30!!), and the food is delicious. Servers were nice and friendly as well. I'm not giving Canteen 5 stars (yet) because it is still new and we had a number of service snafus that I'm sure are just a few kinks that still need to be worked out. Nothing worth ruining our dinner over at all. Overall, I'd definitely recommend Canteen for some great food, fun atmosphere, and one of the best Happy Hours on Mill.
3	Great happy hour deal with very good margaritas (you can't even taste the tequila- a plus!) and yummy tacos. Haven't tried much else here except for a disgusting vodka drink...but what was I thinking ordering vodka at a tequila bar? Decor is nice. Service is heavily lacking. Came here the first time and no drink menus? Came here the 2nd time and the server never brought our waters, even after we asked 3 times. He had to double-check our order more than once. Why? The hostesses in front didn't seem to have a clue about what was going on during their  "Grand Opening". And the thing that irked me the most was that the bathroom stall didn't have the toilet paper roll attached to the wall. The roll was just sitting on top of the toilet! If you're going to open up a "nice" place, at least be READY with competent servers and TP rolls attached to the side of the stalls. Sheesh.
3	Let me start out by saying my friends and I LOVE tequila, mainly Patron. We aren't the girls shooting Jose...no thank you! So we made it out to the soft opening of Canteen and we were sold. Great server, good food and of course TEQUILA! Last weekend after the ASU football game we stopped into Canteen because we were in a tequila tasting sort of mood. It was fairly busy so we put our name in for a table and went to the bar. We asked our studded belt wearing bartender if there were flights of tequila. When he said no I responded "Tequila Bar FAIL" with a smile on face. It wasn't a deal breaker it just would be nice for a TEQUILA BAR to offer tastings of tequila in flights! His response however was "I encourage you to try our competition then". WOW, rude! After another rude comment from d-bag bartender we were sat at our table. All was going well, we ordered margaritas, a round of shots and some food. Our tequila shots were delivered to the table after about 10 minutes and no lime or salt. We like training wheels, so sue us! After waiting another 10 minutes for our server who did NOT show up we just took the shot and chased it with our margaritas. Oh well, no biggie. So we finish our food and margaritas and we're sitting there empty waiting for our server. When he finally arrives we're over waiting and want to leave so we get the bill. One our bill is an extra house margarita as well as a Classic Margarita that we did not order and did not receive. As it would have taken another 20 minutes to get this fixed we paid and left.I love the atmosphere and the concept of this place but the service is genuinely lacking! You might want to take the bartender's advice and try the competition if you're looking for someone to be polite to you as they hold their hand out for a tip. Try Cien Agaves, The Mission, Juan Jaimes, anywhere else with tequila at least until they work out this rather large kink!
5	WOW.Wowwwwww.wowowowowowow.The margaritas were top notch.Food was some of the best Mexican I've ever had.Loved the space and the ambiance.Will return.  Wish I could return daily.
5	Picked this place randomly off the street after being accosted by Jesus freaks in plaid shirts telling us how we were all going to die and students were getting shot and we are all going to burn.  I guess standard for Arizona?  Looked even from the exterior to be a sleeker establishment than the neighboring college-y places.  More expensive but not prohibitive: and the food portions were pretty generous, starting with a huge baskets of fresh chips and amazing salsa from the get-go; even refilled once when the waitress' "spidey sense" went off to make sure we didn't stay skinny like Americans aren't supposed to be.  Massive menu of tequila that was so intimidating that I just stuck with the cocktails which were spicy and just right: one with ginger and one with what seemed like jalapeno with a strong afterkick.  Got a couple of the 3 taco plates and a large portion (Canteen Corona And Lime Roast Chicken, Served Half Or Whole, With Choice Of Two Sides And Flour Or Corn Tortillas) which fed the three of us.  Desert of Chile Mango sorbet with mangos cut and chile powder on top was perfect.  Modern and well lit decor; had to laugh at the IKEA lights but they are pretty cool looking the way they did it.  Only odd touch was the ketchup bottle squirt soap container which I guess reminds us we are on college row.
5	The food here is great and the Margarita's with good Tequila's are good.The Happy Hour is great. (Where else can you get Patron half-off?)Being from Europe, Mexican food does not impress me but this is Southern Mexico (Mayan) cuisine with heavy use of Achiote paste.The style of cooking is also fantastic. Carne Asada Rib-Eye with Fingerling potatoes? How much smarter can you get when it comes to food? Asada tenderized (Asada is a Mexican style of tenderizing meat, for non foodies) fatty beef cut with potatoes that have sweet skin. Absolutely delicious.
5	Tempe seems to be the edge of our "travel for food  and drink zone".  It won't take much of an excuse to coax us back here!  Met some friends here for dinner.  Since it was happy hour, we toyed with the idea of sitting in the bar.  The happy hour menu and prices looked fantastic.  Unfortunately for us,  it was packed with people having a great time and taking advantage of said fantastic menu and prices.  No room for a party of four...off to the hostess for us.  The restaurant  has a cool lounge area in the middle and while we were offered a chance to eat out on the patio, we opted for a booth inside. We were tempted to order some margaritas, yet opted for the palomas instead. What a good call!  Our friends arrived soon after and they also ordered, and loved, them.The menu offered up some tempting dishes and  Jeannie and I agreed that we were going to need a few trips back to try just about everything. In the end, the four of us ordered various tacos thinking that those were a safe bet. Blew safe bet out the water!  While these are more like street tacos compared to their big greasy Sonoran cousins, they had no problem curing our hunger.  More importantly, they pack so much flavor  in them that one is easily tempted to order some more, stuffed belly or not.We are way over due for our second visit.  Just need that little excuse to get out to Tempe... Getting there for EARLY happy hour and get a seat in the bar area the next time.  It will happen!
5	We went the Wed before Christmas - happy hour drinks were half price all night.  Our bartender was helpful and attentive.The food was delicious.  Everything ordered at our table (the salsa, carne asada rib eye, and pork shank) was terrific.
4	Yes Mill, yes! I know it's selfish, I really do, but I love the direction you're headed if you get more places like this. Canteen represents the perfect step up from Cue and Tavern for those of us who like to party down but aren't enthralled with the novelty enough to jam into tight spaces. Canteen finally gives a touch of class to a stale bar scene, without needing the cab ride up to Scottsdale or the Biltmore. That's not to say I'm done with the aforementioned bars, but damn does it feel good to have a choice. Pros:Huge tequila selectionMultiple barsHuge patio in the backDecent dance floor insideDrinks aren't thaaaaaat expensiveGenerally pretty good musicCons:Always a line, though it does move quicklyBack bar is a nightmare to get drinksA line for the mens restroom, what??!
5	I will admit I didn't have the highest of expectations for Canteen as Mill Ave has disappointed before. What I did have was a Groupon so on Friday night the boyfriend and I decided to cash it in. Walking in I was surprised at how nice the place was. And the hostesses were friendly too. My expectations began to change. There was a wait since it was Friday but once we were seated we got a great booth and settled in. The atmosphere is great for date night. I ordered a hibiscus margarita and the pork chop and boyfriend ordered chicken tacos and onion rings. The margarita was delish - which if you're gonna call yourself a tequila bar, it better be good. They delivered. The pork chop was amazing. It was seasoned perfectly and nice and juicy. It was served on a cheesy, slightly spicy rice that complimented it perfectly.Boyfriend really liked his tacos and the dip that comes with the onion rings is awesome. We were stuffed but had to try the rice pudding anyway. It was also tasty - creamy and cinnamon-y served with mini sopapillas. A nice wrap up to the meal.And throughout the night the staff was great. My water glass was always full, our waiter checked back with us several times and the service was quick with everything. Other restaurants could use a lesson from the Canteen staff on how to treat customers. We felt comfortable and taken care of all night.My expectation were far surpassed. I can't wait to go back to Canteen. Even without a Groupon the food and drinks are worth it. Great place!
5	Hubby and I took a friend here last Wednesday before heading out to a concert.  The first thing I noticed was how cool the interior looked - loved the clean lines and modern edge.  We took a seat at the back bar and ordered drinks.Of course with our luck, happy hour was just winding down and the guys ordered beers.  I ordered a top shelf margarita that was absolute perfection when it arrived.  I left the boys in charge of ordering appetizers because, as long as its good, I'll eat just about anything.  The chips and salsa came and they were truly delicious.  Chips were hot with just the right amount of salt on them.  I was glad they put a whole basket in front of just me because I ate every single chip in it.  We ordered a bunch of appetizers:  meat skewers and chicken skewers, chicken, pork and mahi street taco's, guacamole and the pork ribs.  I can tell you that each and every item we tried was just excellent.  That's tough to do especially with our crowd!  I loved this place so much I told the manager that they needed to build one out by us in Desert Ridge.  I loved this place but Tempe is just too far a haul to go have food and margaritas.  There is no competition here for them - Sandbar food is not great, the other 2 places here are good but not awesome.  Please open one somewhere near desert ridge!!  Until then, I will be missing those chips, salsa and awesome food!
4	I'm really lovin' this place! My friend and I decided to try this new place out for happy hour one rainy Thursday and it was super packed. The decor was very trendy and modern...it had great ambiance and energy as we stepped in. Since we had already eaten we each got a "Casa Margarita" which is their traditional margarita served on the rocks with lime...no mix used here guys and gals this is the real thing! We also munched on some yummy chips and guac, it had a great flavor to it and was kinda chunky just how I like it! Good thing we ordered something to munch on because these margaritas were very strong! I think we paid less than $10 for 2  GOOD margs and  guac...score!!!  I'm a fan and will be back to try some of their tacos.
2	I had been wanting to try this place out and they happened to do a Groupon on 12-22-10, which I purchased. Sunday is one of my dinner nights so I went with my fiance and our 19 month old out to Tempe.  When we arrived they said there would be a short wait, which was not a problem. The hostest then informed us that they only have one high chair and it was in use. Bummer...we had to go elsewhere.
3	I really wanted to give this place 2 stars.  The service is fine and the food is very good even though the portions are small.  Believe this or not the Margaritas are terrible?  I do really like the atmosphere and they have plenty of space inside and out.  I would give this place another try.
3	I think that Canteen is fantastic in the way of food and drinks.  Everyone who's had one of their margaritas knows that they're fucking incredible.  How could they not be with approximately 6 billion different kinds of tequila behind the bar?I've been here a couple times and over the weekend was the first time I actually got me some food.  For 8 bucks I got three pretty dinky, little tacos.  They tasted REALLY good, I was all about them, but I'm an eater so it didn't really do much to plug my gut.  For like $9.50, my girlfriend got a torta, which was a pretty damn reasonable size and a side of spicy french fries.  I was like, damn, I should ponied up the extra couple bucks and had gotten that.  I took a bite and it was tasty as fuck.Their food is altogether very, very good and very tasty.  Overall, I like the kind of modern theme and decorative motif this place has, but goddamn if the music is just too loud.  I feel like I'm at a high school dance and I'm miserable.  While I was leaving over the weekend, I heard a girl who was eating outside go, "Oh my god, is the music getting LOUDER?  Why?!"  I hate those tiny, little tables.  They're like small strips of wood and eating and drinking is a delicate balancing act.  I'm a clumsy asshole, and I'm totally proud of myself for having not broken anything there yet.  I've seen these tables house like a party of four people and I'm kind of impressed that they're able to do it because I need my space, man.
4	Margaritas and... well, I'm already pretty much sold at this point. But the And ended up being some wee, tasty tacos. Went for Happy Hour and enjoyed a very nice house (sorry, "casa") margarita with a selection of their taco platters. Fish tacos were my fave, and I confess to not trying the mushrooms. Fungus doesn't belong anywhere except under a log, people. Especially not in a taco. But the rest of these trays and their relaxed seating and awesome patio make for a great place to get happy after work.For bonus points, sit near the bathrooms. The community washroom confuses first timers, and you can give a stinky eye to anyone you see leaving without washing their hands.
5	Don't let the obvious IKEA lights put you off: Canteen has captured lightning in a bottle, as far as Mill Avenue is concerned. I was present for drinks at the Grand Opening, for Happy Hour on a second visit and for dancing on a third. Truly, Canteen operates masterfully at each of these levels, all while somehow managing to maintain an air of that oh-so-elusive adjective: class.Canteen keeps business good by opening only at 4PM, which is just in time for their Happy Hour. At this time, the place is slow, but the food is delicious and the prices are right. A plate of three gourmet miniature tacos for less than $5 hits the spot, and don't even get me started on their on-the-rocks style margaritas. Delicious, wickedly strong and, thankfully, made of forgiving ingredients including agave nectar, lime juice and 100% agave tequila. Just one or two of these is more than enough to get the party started. In addition to great food and drink, it seems that Canteen has gone to extraordinary lengths to hire only waitstaff that might make the pages of GQ or Maxim, and are incredibly personable too boot. As afternoon fades into night, the lights dim, candles are lit and the music swells. Canteen has concocted the perfect atmospheric blend of fun, friendly, upscale and intimate.On weekends, however, it's another story. The tables are moved aside and people pour onto the patio, where there is an open bar (that, oddly enough, served only margaritas and did not know what a "Citron and tonic" was, but who am I to complain?). Somehow, everything that is wrong with Mill remains far away from Canteen, as if the place is protected by some sort of enormous bro-squito net. The people are beautiful, well dressed (not a popped collar in sight) and, for the most part, the men seem to understand the concept of "look, don't touch." Ten of us arrived on a Saturday, and it took us no time at all to vote our night at Canteen the best we've ever had. Great music, great drinks, great dancing without any of the cheap alcohol, sweat and lecherousness that generally ruins a perfectly good night out with the girls.All in all, Canteen has my vote, day and night.
3	This is a pretty fancy looking establishment in a great area of town.  It is nice and dark and sexy on the inside too, which was pretty rad.  Ooooh lala.  The girls and I had the pineapple infused tequila shots (I think it is called the House Shot) and it was pretty yummy.  Went down nice and dangerously smooth.  Yes.  For beers, there are a lot of microbrew drafts on the menu.  I ordered a Milk Stout, which was really creamy and tasty.  But the food...it was mediocre.  I had the corn and cheddar tamale small plate and it was bland.  The sauce tasted like cream, but the tamale itself had no flavor at all.  I also ordered a pork torta and the meat was okay, but the whole sandwich was not great.  It seemed like my friends enjoyed their tacos, so maybe I ordered the wrong thing.Our waiter was cool.  He put up with our drunken cougar shenanigans, so props to him.
3	This has to be one of my only ratings for a restaurant where I didn't eat the food.  I had a stomach ache yesterday, so I wasn't able to enjoy anything more than just ginger ale.  I had to survey my friends and get their perspective in order to make this review possible.  Here is how it breaks down:1. Food and drinks- The food was average tasting with an okay amount of flavor.  It was happy hour and the meal was a very modern size.  It was $4 for 3 mini tacos.  It makes me wonder what the regular price is.  Everyone said the drinks were pretty good and well blended.2. Service-  We had the hottest waitress.  Everyone in the group was with their significant other, and they gave me a hard time in flirting with her.  I played along with it, but she was nice about it.  She gave us a lot of free chips and salsa, realizing the food didn't fill up the crew.  Chips and salsa was the only food thing I tried with my stomach ache, and the salsa had an unique sweet taste.  I usually like my salsa spicy, but this was good.3. Ambiance- It has a very modern feel, just likes it name.  I would say it is a cool lounge where you can enjoy a good bite to eat, great company, and watch the game.  I wish the outside patio seating had some TVs so I can watch the Lakers vs. Knicks game.Overall, its a good place.  I probably need to dine here myself and update this review.  I will definitely come back based on service and ambiance.
5	I totally dig this place. The ambiance, the food, and the bartenders all work for me. Dulia, a bartender, is a total doll. Their margaritas are strong and decently priced. They do have food, but the menu is small. Me and my friend shared two appetizers: the fish tacos and the quesadilla, and an order of onion rings and were happily stuffed and it only cost us $10 each. Once it gets later this place totally fills up and people dance, drink, and have a good time. The sinks being outside of the bathrooms is kind of odd but not really a big deal. Its totally worth checking out if you are on Mill.
4	4.5 Stars! I went the Canteen with a small group for happy hour and was very Happy! The happy hour was great! About half of the food menu and a third of the drink menu were included in their happy hour! BTW: where ever you see HH = happy hour:) It took me a minute to figure that out;) Their HH items are half off. The service was good. The 2 servers we had helping at our table were nice and fast, I just wish they had come to our table a few minutes before HH was over to let us know. I would have ordered another margarita! The food was really good. I had the fish tacos. Yummmy. They went perfect with my margarita! The restaurant was nicely decorated and clean! We sat outside and loved it! They have heaters if you need them and one of their outside tables can fit 8 people very comfortably without sitting crazy far away from each other. The damage: 5 margaritas, 2 orders of tacos, plus tip = $35 Not too shabby:)
4	So on Friday night I flew into AZ to get some well deserved party times with some good friends I haven't seen in a while. One of my besties told me that he LOVES these tacos here. So after about 3 hours of hype we decided to venture to this Little place (which turns into a club after 10 pm) I can say the chicken tacos on corn tortillas are amazing, the chicken tacos on the flour tortillas were easily forgotten. The service was good, friendly and prompt however in the time span of 3 hours we had 4 different servers. So it was to say the least a bit confusing towards the end of the night. Tacos + Shots + Beers + Dancing + Great friends = GOOD TIMES I will be back - if i remember how to get there!
5	So many poaitive thoughts come to mind while I think of Canteen. The extremely friendly bartenders Sunny and Jessica, the fantastic happy hour from 4-6:30 with half price tequilas, and the amazing tacos. Canteen is a legitimate player in the local food scene, and it comes to us from MILL AVENUE?????? Yup, it's true, a grown up reataurant on mill. Go here.
5	I love this place! Hubby and I have been here a few times, each time was wonderful!  Awesome food,cool bartenders and wait staff, always smiling and helpful. Last night we went and were seated by a couple of cool ladies. we struck up a conversation and found out one was the mother of the GM, Daniel. After they were done with their meal, Daniel walked them to their car. I thought that was so sweet, taking care of his mom and her friend. Fan for life!    The vibe there is always fun and the music rocks!
4	The decor and Margarita's were both amazing! Very fun vibe in this place, and I love that one side of the bar is open street side for some fresh night air, and so you still feel connected to what's happening on Mill Ave. The bartenders are super attentive and fun, but the wait staff are constantly changing tables which takes away from the relationship aspect of dining and can be confusing when you're trying to pay your tab and leave. Wasn't very impressed with the food - the salsa for the chips tasted like ketchup and BBQ sauce, and the fish tacos were just OK. Summary: great place to go for drinks and atmosphere (sit at the bar), but make your dining plans elsewhere.
4	Now open for lunch!Previously I had only been here to meet friends for happy hour, and they have an EXCELLENT tequila selection.  They have expanded the patio just in time to take advantage of our gorgeous weather. I got the Pibil pork tacos served with a habanero mango salsa, they were sweet, spicy and delicious. Three to an order for eight bucks, and it was the perfect amount of food. I was in and out in under 40 minutes. I think this may be a new "go to" spot for lunch.
4	I would say this is my favorite place on Mill.  It's classier than a lot of the bars there, and I don't feel as old as I usually do in Tempe haha.  The atmosphere is classy, and trendy, perfect for some quiet cocktails with friends.  My favorite cocktail, grapefruit juice and tequila, was listed as one of the best tequila cocktails in Phoenix by AZ Central.com.  It's refreshing and light.
1	I think this place had a lot of potential but we had a terrible time here. We waited 25 minutes to be seated, which is fine, but 2 groups were seated immediately when they came in after us.  When we were finally seated the waiter took 30 minutes to notice we were there. Finally he took our order checked our id's and everything is fine. Then a minute or so later, the manager comes over and says he needs to check my id again. Since I am from utah, we are issued paper id's before we get our normal id's and that's what I had (including my expired id). He told me he could not accept my id because arizona laws are very strict... I explained the situation and told him its a goverment issued id, but he didn't budge. this was the only place who even questioned it.  Obviously, not a good experience.
3	The atmosphere is the best part...great decor, modern vibe, outside bar and patio all are really great. You can sit and drink and watch people on Mill Avenue. That alone makes it totally fun. The food is just okay. Nothing exceptional. The fish tacos are tiny and mostly fried bready parts compared to fish. The onion rings are greasy and not great. The salsa is mesquite and tasty and the chips okay. The best part are  the drinks (good margaritas and tequila shots) and fun vibe. Worth happy hour visit for drinks but not worth going for the food.
4	This place is awesome. The guacamole is great, and so are the tacos. They are smaller than typical tacos, but they are delicious. We ordered, pork, fish, and chicken. The tacos are similar to those at Gallo Blanco. We came here for happy hour which is great. They do not serve anything but tequila, or beer, so dont go looking for a mojito or anything. The prices are great for tacos and guac during happy hour, not sure if I would come during regular hours. Which, is why I only gave it 4 stars. I think if you are really wanting this type of food, I'd rather pay for Gallo Blanco. The patio is bigger now at Canteen, and the weather is getting better, so its a great time to go during the day. Happy hour is from 4-6:30 and its half price tacos/guacamole/margaritas. The atmosphere is great, not too much of a college kid crowd, even though its right on Mill ave. The decorations are great.Our service has always been top notch every single time, and the servers and bartenders are attentive, informative, and prompt. Great place!
3	I love it when a unique new bar/restaurant opens within walking distance of my house so I was very excited to try this place.  My wife and I finally made the walk last Friday.  We arrived just as happy hour was ending and the place was packed.  They should really call this place "Club Canteen" because I really got the Scottsdale club vibe from the decor, people, music and staff of this place.  Anyway, I didn't let that deter us so we gave the hostess our name to be put on the 45 min waiting list to get a table.After walking around mill for 20 mins we went back and took a seat at the bar.  The bartender was very nice but the margaritas are just ok.  They do have TONS of tequila choices if that is your thing so they weren't lying about the "tequila bar" in their name.They gave us a table in the time promised.  We were seated outside in the back and in the dark.  It was kind of ridiculous that there were no lights out there and we could barely see the menu.  Between that and the loud dbag techno music I really felt old.  Anyway, here is what we had:* chips and guacamole - the chips were great but the guac was too pasty and may have been from some sort of package.  It tasted ok but it wasn't what I expected from a "Mexican" food place.* steak skewer lettuce wrap things - these were pretty good and unique....little skewers with tender pieces of steak which you slide off into lettuce wraps.* Corona And Lime Roast Chicken - this was very good and flavorfulThe service was just ok.  It was just too busy with drinkers too get decent service.  It was like having dinner at a club.Anyway, this place seems better than it really is.  It is a great addition to Mill but I probably won't be back.  I would like to try more of their food because the menu online really does look amazing, but it is more trouble than it is worth.Pro Tips:#1 - don't have dinner here#2 - get the Local Dines gift certificate = http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ#3 - be prepared to wait during peak times
2	The tacos were good!!........Now the problem! We went there to have some good Tequila "Don Julio 1942" @ $25 a shot we were disappointed, not only was it awful it was served in a shot glass. I have had 1942 many times and never has it tasted bad, I mean bad. If you are paying $25 for a shot they should at least serve it in a tequila glass which most tequila bars have.  When we complained (with still 3/4 of the shot left) all they did was some out and show us the bottle it was in. I tried to force it down and almost got sick.
5	Canteen offers amazing food and drinks in a trendy setting. We stopped by for happy hour and enjoyed $3 margaritas, $2 well drinks, and pork tacos. The tacos are small but flavorful. They're usually $9 but since it was happy hour they were only $4.50. Our server was awesome he was friendly and had witty comebacks when my boyfriend joked with him. At the end of our meal there were some billing issues. The manager came out, introduced himself, and gave me his number. I was impressed with how he handled the situation. At night Canteen is a bar destination and gets really packed. Not really my thing but worth checking out if you're into the ASU bar scene.
3	My friends and I made this our first stop on our Mill Ave Birthday Pub Crawl last night.Happy Hour until 6:30pm. The margs were heavy handed which was nice, but the food was just OK. I had the portabello/salsa/bleu cheese tacos HH special, which is 1/2 price but also 1/2 the size...wtf? Anyway, the waiter who was super funny said the main flavor was bleu cheese and was I OK with that? Um, have you seen me? Yeah I'm good with bleu cheese. BUT when the tacos arrived, all I could taste was the salsa... again, WTF?The food arrived before the drinks did, but that was OK. My marg was so strong I couldn't even finish it, so I gave it to the birthday girl. The restaurant's atmosphere is trendy and hip, not really meant for us derby girls ;) BUT if you sit outside on back patio, it's really nice!!I have a Groupon for this place so I'll go back at least once, but I'm not really sure after that.
2	I've been here twice now for Happy Hour and both times left feeling very unimpressed. The first time we were there was for Happy hour since we were told that it was $2 wells and half off of some food. Score! right?!...  kind of. I had ordered a blood orange vodka premium drink that was $4 and okay tasting, while my friends got wells. Our waitress appeared to be out of it, rarely checked on us and over charged us on our bill ($4 for wells and premiums? that just doesn't make sense) and when we questioned it, she said she was not sure and asked her manager. The manager i guess had squared away the bill, we paid and went on our way. My friends who bill was wrong ended up having the original pricing charged to her card.Why we decided to return baffled me but friends were there so we met up again. I think it was the allure of $2 wells and us thinking that maybe by then they had their servers better educated for happy hour service. Plus i was hungry,...Wrong! Our server this time was better, but again when it came to the bill had charged us $4 for wells, and had to talk to the manager, again, who thankfully took care of us. Now for the food. I ordered the pork tacos with mango salsa. The tortillas were delicious but i had wished there was a bit more pork on there and more salsa, it just wasn't very much. but for $3 i wasn't really complaining either! I'd probably get it again and ask for more of the mango salsa on the side.
2	I went in really wanting to like this place. We were heading to a show. Feeling fun. And hungry. And really thirsty. The three of us were seated on the back patio, which I think was nice, but dark. Oddly dark. We each ordered beers, and I asked nicely for a very large glass of water. Beers arrive, no water.Our waitress returned to take our order. No water. We had some questions about the menu, which she answered, and then asked for her personal recommendation out of a couple options, to which she replied "oh it's all really good". Okay. and about that water...?Our tacos came, no silverware, no water. She brought the silverware, and yes, the food was "all really good", but a little small. The pork and shrimp were a little too sweet for me-- I would have liked some more spice to balance it out-- but my friends liked them. The carne asada with chimichurri was the unanimous winner.The server cleared our plates, and gave us our cheque (no water, as I'm sure you've guessed). We asked her if there was dessert, since we were still hungry. She seemed shocked, but took our cheque away and told us the desserts. We ordered the rice pudding with sopapillas and horchata ice cream, because how could you not order that?We waited maybe 20 minutes for the dessert. No one came to check on us to see if we wanted another round of drinks, and we didn't even see our waitress to be able to flag her down. Meanwhile the girl at the table next to us started to do her best Snookie impersonation, although I don't think she was joking. By this point I just wanted to leave. Actually, I had the impression everyone who worked there just wanted to leave too, even though it was only about 8:30....When the dessert finally came, it was very good, but after we finished it was another seeming eternity before we saw anyone to bring us our cheque.
5	This place is the shit - so much so that I'm willing to take the light rail all the way from midtown to partake of its delicious drinks and food. Happy hour runs every night of the week, including Saturdays and Sundays, from 4-6:30 and it's one of the best HHs in Phoenix, in my opinion (and I thought that before Phoenix Magazine rated it as such). You can get 50% of house margaritas (quite large and decently strong), bottled/draft beer, premium well drinks and all tequilas. Plus, select food items, including some of the best vegetarian tacos I've ever had, are also 50% off. Those mushroom tacos with roasted blue cheese make any reasonable person not miss meat and have a very complex and sophisticated flavor profile. The cool indoor/outdoor vibe is the icing on the cake and makes this a perfect place for Phoenix day drinking. Take the light rail there, get drunk and soak up the rays. You won't regret it.
4	I'm a big fan of Mexican-style cuisine and margaritas, so even before Canteen opened I really wanted this place to be great.  It's within walking distance of my house and it gives off a more sophisticated vibe than most of the other bars on Mill Avenue.  (I suppose if that's what I'm looking for, I'm in the wrong neighborhood...or I'm just getting old.)  So far, I'd say the place lives up to the hype for the most part.I have been here a couple times on Saturday nights and the place was packed both times.  Mostly, though, I show up for happy hour during the week, which ranges from sparse to moderately crowded.  Given the place is fairly new, I wanted to get a feel for what it has to offer.  Overall, I'd say their happy hour can't be beat.  House margs and some small plates are half-off from 4 to 6:30, 7 days a week.  I've stayed the full two-and-a-half hours on multiple occasions and I can honestly say I've never broken the $18 mark (pre-tip).  To give you a benchmark, that's 3-4 margs, an order of tacos, and 2 rounds of chips and salsa.  I've cut myself off at least once, as the house margs are generally strong and I'd rather not be hungover on a Wednesday.  The chips come with a 'flight' of salsas (chipotle, verde, pico) and the chips are top-notch.  The tacos come in 3's and are quite tasty (I recommend the fish).Overall, Canteen places the emphasis on their expansive tequila selection, small plates, and ambiance.  It has a courtyard patio on the south side and and open-air bar to the north.  Indoor seating appears comfy and dimly-lit, and although I have not partaken, it seems to make for a relaxed and intimate group setting.  While they do offer full-course dinners, I don't recall ever seeing someone order that much food here.  I've sampled most of the unique margaritas on their menu and they are all potent and flavorful.One thing that I find a bit disappointing, however, is that the menu lists most of the drinks with their ingredients, leading me to believe that they are all made by hand.  Watching the bartender prepare my drink I noticed that most of them (at least the core ingredients) are pre-mixed in a mixer container.  And while they aren't bad from a taste or alcohol-content standpoint, I still feel a bit cheated.  I have been to similar establishments that make all their cocktails by hand each and every time.  For a place that fancies itself an upscale tequila bar, I think they're losing points by cutting that corner.Also, the staff is constantly rotating.  Obviously this doesn't necessarily detract from the overall experience, but I did manage to have the same bartender on more than one occasion, and just as I was getting familiar with him he has not worked that shift regularly since.  Personally, I like to know the folks that work the bar at my favorite drinking spots.  I like the rapport; it tends to make things easier if you frequent a place regularly.  That's just me, though.Like I said, I really want this to be my favorite Tempe bar.  I give Canteen four stars mainly because every establishment has room to improve and I tried to critique them as fairly as possible.  I highly recommend their daily happy hour and patio seating.
4	Went for happy hour last Saturday night and found a buzzing yet not overly crowded bar scene. Slow yet friendly service. Great half price tequilas, if you know what you're doing (we did not, and were not offered any help deciphering their giant tequila offerings).Moved to the dining room for dinner. Rushed server in a slow room brought us our appetizer and entree at the same time, which always irritates me, but the pork tacos for two (make your own) were delicious (I'd skip the "tamale" appetizers next time). Finished the night with an awesome rice pudding and sopapillas.We'd go back--I loved the atmosphere and decor!
4	Love this place - what a nice addition to Tempe.  I was getting worried since so many good businesses had left the Mill Avenue area, but this place gives me hope for a resurgence.  The decor is very eclectic and cool, the bar is huge and has indoor/outdoor seats, the patios are very nice, the service is great and the menu is extensive!
4	Canteen is my new favorite happy hour spot. You can get two orders of wonderful pork and habanero tacos, two orders of their tender ribs, an order of quite good chips and guacamole and a couple of margaritas for around twenty bucks, it's amazing. Add in the cool atmosphere and HUGE selection of tequilas(all half off during happy hour) and you have a recipe for success. Canteen is a very welcome addition to Mill Ave, and while it can get very loud, you simply cannot go wrong during happy hour.
4	I remember back in the day when Mill Avenue was the place to go to eat, party and have a good time. There were movies theaters, plenty of places to grab a drink a bite and do some quick shopping. Well with the development of Tempe Marketplace and the crash of the economy both took their toll on the once beloved street. However some might disagree saying that Mill had lost its college town feel in lieu of a corporate take over. These days most of the corporations are gone and the empty commercial space is being slowly back filled with locally owned businesses, like the new stylish eatery, Canteen Modern Tequila Bar. Opened by the same owner as my favorite La Bocca Urban Pizzeria, Canteen is located along Mill Avenue across the street from the pizzeria. Inside you'll find a hip contemporary space tinged with a Mexican rusticity like crushed vintage velvet booths and space age lighting elements. If you love tequila this will probably be your new drinking shrine, Canteen has more than 100 different tequilas to choose from. If you prefer your tequila mixed go for one of their expertly mixed cocktails including the blue agave and orange infused desert prickly pear ($6.50), I love a tangy buzz.In the kitchen pretty much everything is made from scratch on sight, this was apparent after the first bite Mexico City Style Quesadilla ($9). Feathery hand formed masa is formed around roasted chicken then crowned with avocado, radish and a spicy tomato coulis. The quesadilla was so light it was like eating corn flavored air. Simple salads like the Grilled Steak with Romaine ($10) was adorned with cherry tomatoes, avocado and had just enough chipotle vinaigrette dressing to enhance the fresh produce not mask it.If you want something with more heft order the Carne Asada Torta ($10). At first taste the beefy grilled flavors came bursting through only to meld with the gooey Oaxacan cheese. Pickled red and poblano peppers did an excellent job of cutting though the richness of the sandwich. Flaky flour tortillas are also made in house and are one of the key components in the varied taco offerings. Fish Tacos ($9) were filled with beer battered fillet and fried until crispy and golden; a layer of spicy slaw completes the ensemble. Oh so light and oh so good but the real show stopper was yet to come. You know how much I love pork, so when I was so blown away by the Slow Roasted Achiote Pork Tacos ($9) that I actually ordered another plate full of three. The melt on your tongue pork was insanely additive and moist that for just a moment, nothing else existed.Sweets were limited to only a few options but even then I was hard pressed not to order them all. Rum spiked Raisin and Cinnamon Rice Pudding ($6) was warm creamy and made me feel good all over. However the pudding was upstaged but the accompanied sopapillas. These were so warm and puffy; I filled each one with pudding for my own version of a hot pocket. I loved the delightful Trio of ice cream ($6) which included Horchata, Avocado Jalapeno and Chile Mango Sorbet. Though what's not to love, these were all made by our very own Sweet Republic. I have a feeling if places like Canteen keep opening, the good old days of Mill are just starting to begin.
4	Amazing fish tacos and some kick ass cocktails
4	Happy hour is where it's at. Their margaritas are pretty damn awesome, super fresh with only 3 ingredients. None of that sugary neon green mix to be found here, only fresh lime juice and 100% blanco agave tequila. Even not on HH $6.50 is a really good price. Guacamole is also good, perfect texture, nice portion and limey. Salsas are fresh and flavorful, the pico tastes like it was just picked from the garden. While the crowd isn't for me the price and freshness draws you in. I like how the wash stations are outside of the bathrooms, very hip but approachable design going on here.
4	Canteen. My home away from home. I am here almost every Friday. One of the first times I ever came here the night started innocently enough. Me and a couple of friends decided to hit up the happy hour we heard so much about. It did not disappoint. Next thing I knew I had 4 margaritas and about three house shots. I wake up the next day and there are about 3 or 4 bottles of Champagne and about a dozen beer bottles. My throat was hurting from all the Rock band that I played and I had the worst hangover of my life. From then on I was hooked! If you start your night at Canteen you're bound to have an interesting evening. I usually stick with the regular Margaritas and house shots. I normally don't use the well Tequila though because you can substitute any other Tequila for I think an extra $2. The tacos are delicious and I want to just rub their Guacamole all over my body because it's so good. I prefer sitting inside but you have to know where to sit. By the bar is your best bet. One of my complaints is that the music is WAY too loud. I overhead one of the servers asking the owner if she could turn up the music and I almost screamed Nooooo!! I like to be able to have some sort of conversation with the person I'm with without screaming at the top of my lungs. All in all Canteen is a great way to start your night but once happy hour is over and the Mill ave crowd starts coming in it's a whole other story. But it's a must for one of the best happy hours in Tempe!
4	It was very easy to find this place when you walk in downtown Tempe, the patio settings stands out and make this place looks really cozy at night. I love their outdoor and indoor bar, but it gets too crowded on weekend so be prepare if you want to go to this place on Friday and Saturday cause the bar is packed! The dinner table on the other hand is convenient if you just want to have a relax dining experience while watching a big screen projector TV and listen to the house music (it gets louder during night time). Their steak tacos and ribs are great! I believe it was one of the best steak tacos that I have eat in the valley (so far), and the ribs just delicate with the tempting BBQ sauce. What unique about this bar that was unforgettable for me is their hand soap bottle, they use ketchup bottle and it just makes me wondering what's with the ketchup bottle! Overall, if I need a place to chill out with romantic lighting atmosphere, this definitely gonna be one of the place that I keep in mind.
5	Ok I'm impressed, and I ain't that easy to impress when it comes to food.  I visited on a Sunday night when it was probably not the busiest, so hard to judge service timing.  It was good enough for me.  I chose an appetizer, achiote/pineapple glazed baby back ribs, and the cucumber-avocado crabmeat gazpacho soup.  Both were creative, tasty, and well executed and served renditions.  At $8 each, what's not to like?  This was plenty of food, but I couldn't resist ordering dessert because it sounded so good even after a filling meal.  It was.  Subtle mango chile sorbet paired with coconut-pineapple macaroon cake was light enough to reinforce that I made the right decision to order it.  Couldn't have tequila since I was on call for work, but I will definitely return for the opportunity to sample one of my favorite spirits.  Decor seemed pretty cool with clean lines featuring wood, leather, and fabric.  Courtney, my server, was pleasant, offered good recommendations and made sure to let me know about the happy hour 4-630 on weekdays, with half price tacos and tequilas.  I'll be back
4	Perfect happy hour spot: amazing margaritas and good food. The inside restaurant area is pretty nice too, but don't expect to get full off one dish if you go for an actual meal, they're more tapas-type small plates. I haven't tried the full on entree's though.. just tacos and skewers (amazing).
5	The first thing I want you to know about this place is that my eighty-six year old grandmother-in-law gave it her stamp of approval and said that we are coming back.  I don't know if it was the two margaritas she had that led to this remark, but the rest of the table agreed.  Happy hour works well if you order too much food and don't want to feel guilty about it.  Yeah, I'm a guy and am talking about paying for food that I was eating after I was full because I ordered it.  Isn't that an obligation if you want to remain a man?  The wait staff put up with my family with a smile.  Who knows?  The hidden gem on the menu was the cup of corn.  I wish I would have ordered it instead of a round of chicken tacos after having had the ribs and fish tacos.  I just have trouble ordering items with no meat.  The margaritas are highly recommended.  The Paloma was especially good.
4	You had me at the Hibiscus margarita! I rarely give four stars to a restaurant with only one vegetarian option on the menu... but I guess I'll make an exception, for stellar margaritas!  (It's amazing how we are so close to Mexico, and AZ restaurants continue to produce mediocre margaritas and chips and salsa.) Not the case here folks!  So even though the Canteen barely meets 4 star qualifications, they credit to for great for their excellent margaritas and salsa flight.  We obviously started off the meal strong with Chips and Salsa, and Hottie and I both ordered tacos for dinner.  I had the Portobello tacos with blue cheese, and Hottie the battered fish tacos.  Mine were good, except the blue cheese overpowered the Portobello, so I ditched it after the first bite. A more mellow cheese, such as Monterey jack or Fontina would have paired better.  I ordered a side of "smoked" black beans to go with it... these were awful, dry, not smoked whatsoever and they were refried.  I'd rather eat my own arm then be subjected to that nonsense again.  On a positive note Hottie said his tacos were the best he ever had.  The ice cream flights they had for dessert sounded great, but I didn't have room to try them! I'll definitely be back to the canteen for Happy hour...
5	If you know me at all, you know I love tequila and I love margaritas. Since turning 21, I have been on a mission to seek out and find the best tequila and margarita spots in the East Valley and Central Phoenix areas.This place is the epitome of "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" as the 5 stars I gave this restaurant suggests. I am also a happy hour hound, and this place also gets 5 stars for that.To begin, they have 100+ tequilas on the menu, all half off (except like 2) during happy hour. For $2 more, you can make any tequila on the menu a margarita (during HH, of course). They have blanco, joven, reposado, anejo, extra anejo, sotol, mezcal, and a couple other obscure agave-based liquors. They also have cheap beer if you're lame. (WHY DID YOU COME TO A TEQUILA BAR?!)Anyway, their house margaritas are their only half-off drink during happy hour, but I'm not complaining. That's the only thing worth drinking there, unless you like your tequila straight in a sifter (my hero!).4 of their 6 varieties of delicious street tacos are half off ($4) during happy hour along with their guacamole and salsa trio, both delicious choices. They also have a couple of appetizers half off that are pretty good, too.WARNING: DO NOT GO HERE AFTER 10 PM......unless you want to see and partake in a complete and utter a sh*t show. The poor serving staff is way overloaded at night and it causes a ton of bad reviews for this place. It's really unfortunate, because during the day and early evenings this place is calm, relaxing and has wonderfully attentive and sociable service.
4	Yeah, this place.  This is not a food review, this review is only for those who like to drink way too much and end up at places like this.  During the day time, dead.  After 10 pm, turns into a club.  I like the house margaritas.  HUGE patio too.  Bouncers are wicked nice.  Great place to end up for the night with a bunch of friends.  Food is alright, I usually just go for the attitude and the atmosphere.  IE when I blackout and feel like being in a pile of dancing people.You are going to want to know someone if you don't feel like waiting in line for a while here.  Or just be a good looking chick.  That helps.
4	I really like this place. Great vibe and I am smitten with the hibiscus margaritas. We went around 7pm on a Saturday. Nice crowd but it was amping up a few hours later. Server was knowledgeable about tequilas and was friendly and fun. Loved the tacos and will return for happy hour pricing.
2	This place was ok. I was hoping to be wowed since people really seem to like it. It was a little pricey for what it is. We ordered the chips with the salsa flight. We paid the $6 for the refillable chips (which I think just is silly, seriously, if every other place in AZ can give me free chips, you should, too. Charge me for the salsa flight, sure, but chips and your average pico de gallo really can't be breaking the bank for you.) We wound up not even getting a chip refill so that was a waste (we just couldn't eat that many chips). The pico was average, the other two were pretty decent. Husband ordered the carne asada tacos. They were pretty good. The tortillas had a nice bit of char on them which was good and nice big slices of avocado which was nice. I ordered the grilled steak salad. Pass. There were three tomatoes in it, literally one chunk of avocado and it really was a tiny salad for what I paid. The steak on top was pretty good but all the other elements were so scant it really wasn't worth it. The Sonoran margarita was pretty good. The house ones were just average. Overall, I wouldn't come back most likely for full price but may come back for happy hour.
4	I had watched construction of Canteen closely, hoping to myself that the establishment would not be doomed from the start like most of the location's predecessors. On the opening night I dined, drank, danced, and had an engaging conversation with a member of the opposite sex over paper towels in the co-ed washroom, and I had a blast.The margaritas are decent and all of the food I have tried is great. The roasted half chicken was done to perfection and the pork entree was a great take on my favorite sad meat.Stay away on fri and Saturday after 11 unless you enjoy rubbing on strangers more bass emission than a west-side highschool parking lot.
4	For a college town-exceptional choices of tequila!  Some of the bartenders can get off the high horse and be a lil more friendly. DJ keeps crowd jumping!
5	I think I'm in love. The service is great, the atmosphere is awesome and the drinks are TASTY. The waiter also let us in on a little secret, they can make a patron/pineapple margarita that isn't on the menu. YUM.
4	Came here with a groupon and was impressed with this place. It has a Scottsdale feel to it but staff is friendly, margaritas are as good as advertised and fish tacos I had were great. A bit pricey for Mill but I know they have some kind of happy hour deals.   I will be back with some friends!
4	Had I known earlier what an amazing happy hour they have here at Canteen I likely would have come every evening since their opening.  I am officially a fan.  My parents and I went there and got three orders of tacos, drinks and guacamole for around $25.  I love a good deal and all, but the price means nothing if the food is crap.  Luckily, it was delicious!  My favorite was the fish tacos.  I wouldn't suggest the portobello mushroom tacos -- the flavor was too strong and smoky -- but that is my one and only complaint.  The decor is a hodge podge of rustic, modern and southwestern themes, but it works for me and I loved the colorful accents.  I do believe the owners of La Bocca are responsible for this new gem and I would like to personally thank them for maintaining a little local flair down on Mill Ave.
1	The hostess and ID checker were very helpful in helping us chose a good tequila, that is the only nice thing i'll say about this place. The 2 bartenders ladies were unfriendly and unhelpful, (just plain snotty).  CHECK YOUR BILL CAREFULLY, THEY GAVE ME A BILL THAT WAS MORE, AND WHEN I QUESTIONED HER SHE HAD THE RIGHT BILL UNDER THE INCORRECT BILL.
4	I went here for happy hour with my coworkers and had a great time. The margaritas were quite good, and they have a great selection of tequilas. If you like raspberry-flavored things, definitely ask for the Chambord margarita. It's not on the menu, but after our server recommended it to us, we couldn't turn it down. The tacos aren't my Mexican mother-in-law's tacos, but they're fine. Overall, if you like tequila and margaritas, definitely get a group together and give this place a try for happy hour.
4	I have only been for happy hour, but it is a five star fare! My high status man candy and I had several margaritas over chips and salsa all for under $20. The Casa Margarita is a little sweet, but very good once the ice melts a little bit. I was slightly disappointed that they didn't offer a blended option, but I was happy enough with on the rocks.The chips were light and crunchy and came with three different salsas. I liked the brownish green stuff the best (sorry, the real name escapes me).The tomato based salsa looks and tastes like marinara sauce and the pico is way too chunky. The decor is adorable! I loved everything from the Ikea lighting fixtures to the over-sized Dia de los Muertos skulls. I also liked the half the bar was inside and half was out because it really opened up the area. I can't wait to go back for more!
2	Margaritas were good, tacos were fair (small), guacamole was wonderful. after ten it gets really loud here. They need to have tequila flights.
4	Canteen was pretty cool. I popped in after an evening of shenanigans in Scottsdale because I was meeting up with someone down in Tempe, and we decided to hit up Mill. Canteen was our first stop, mostly because it seemed like a decent place to grab a couple drinks, listen to some music, and watch the hot messes from ASU.There's no cover or dress code (clearly), so anyone can get in. Having said that, it does get crowded here at night, particularly after midnight. You have to kind of jimmy your way into the front of the bar to grab a drink, so be assertive, make eye contact with the bartender and order quick, otherwise someone else will. The layout of Canteen is pretty cool, there's a dance floor adjacent to the bar, and a fairly large outdoor patio (which is jam packed). My only gripe with the outside area is that it was hot, so some misters would've been clutch.The crowd is pretty cool, although you can tell that this is where people are before they graduate and end up in Old Town Scottsdale. Baby-douches! Ha.Drinks aren't inexpensive, and you are probably paying for the atmosphere, but it's still a fun place to bring someone. I'd come back, but probably earlier to try the food. If it's a sister restaurant to La Bocca, then it can't be all bad, could it?
1	the worst don't do it!!!! terrible service! terrible door man! 1961 decor-no ac don't waste you money here!! no food!!!
4	I like Canteen. As others have mentioned, it is different compared to all the other usual Mill Ave spots. It's definitely appreciated and I hope more spots like this pop up on and around Mill Ave. I'm only reviewing the nightlife part of it since I did not come here to dine. Their drinks are decently priced. Margaritas were in the $6-8 range. I normally don't like margaritas because I dislike tequilas but the Hibiscus one (I think it was called a Sonoran) was delicious. I also loved the music they played. They had me and my girls singing along and dancing the night away. Our servers (we were early enough to snatch a table by the dance floor) were very friendly. For the fellas... there were also some very pretty girls working here, as well. The crowd was mixed and it wasn't too crowded on this particular night. There was still maneuvering space to get to the bar, back to the dance floor or out to the patio. The only downside was that they did not have gingerale for a drink I had  asked for. Sucks! Still, I had a blast and I'm sure I will return. And for sure, will have to visit during happy hour one of these days and try their food!
5	We have been here a couple of times and really enjoy it. Andrew was our server the other night and he gave us some great recommendations and he was right! The flank steak was fantastic and the girls enjoyed the tacos and of course the drinks were GREAT! The atmosphere was awesome, alot of people having fun enjoying life. If you go here ask for Andrew, he does a really great job!
3	So I've been here three times now. Each time, the food and drinks are great. I wanted to give them a fair chance on the service to make sure we didn't have just an off server the first two times, but I can officially make my review now. The service is way below average here, not only are some of the servers kind of rude, but their attention to detail is lacking. I'm sure I'll go back because like I said... the food and drinks are great. I just won't be sitting at tables anymore, I'll be enjoying the bar.
2	Good HH, wont go any other time due to all the tool bags running around in their affliction gear! No thanks. Good HH food and drinks and conveniently close but I would not come here if it gets too packed with college scum! I hate MILL AVE as it is but since I live close its not bad if you come early and bail when all the College douchebags start rolling in. The staff is typical too cool for school college kids who have no idea how the service industry really works. Clueless! Sometimes it's OK, most of the time its mediocre! I have only been here twice for HH, but the taco's are still expensive for what they are. The food is decent though as mentioned. Just stay away if it is super busy! They can't handle the crowd.
3	The service here seemed to be a bit disorganized as they had the two cute bartendresses on duty doing bar back work at the height of happy hour.  The need of the bartendresses to both retrieve and restock glassware while simultaneously serving customers definitely resulted in slow service.  I found the margaritas to be rather small but they did seem to have a decent kick to them.  I had three of the carne asada tacos and they were very tasty but extremely small so it probably would have taken three or four orders to get anywhere close to a meal for me.  I think I would stick to happy hour at this place.
5	This is my favorite place on Mill!!! It's super nice, classy and its the least likely place to get thrown up on. The set up is great, I love how everything is seperated. You can hang out at one of the two bars or two patios, and decently sized dance floor! I really like the watering hole bathrooms! They always play good music! Amazing tequila selection. Definitely a must if you are going to Mill.
3	If I were young and hip I would frequent. I am neither and I have had one to many bouts with tequila, so I won't. Scenery is nice, but hey its on mill.
3	Ambiance- greatFood- great (try the Canteen fries, not on the menu)Drinks- great. I didnt know what I wanted one night so Kat made me an oatmeal cookie (normally a shot) martini.Bartenders- great.Wait staff- awfulIt also turns into a club after 10, no thanks. There are much better clubs I'd wait an hour in line to get into.Come for lunch, happy hour, or dinner.
2	The food was great. I think what turned me off on this place is that it ends up being a club. Not that I am against clubs, but when you have food like this maybe you should be a nice restaurant and bar. The club part of this place was definitely lacking. I think the Canteen would be better off focusing on the food and bar side of the business rather than the club. Wait staff was sub par and the noise was beyond loud. Great place to go if you don't plan on talking.
3	I've been a huge fan of Canteen since it opened. But I went yesterday for the one year celebration and I'm not so sure about it anymore. The new menu isn't much to be desired. That's so so so sad because the tacos were friggin' delicious before. Why mess with a good thing? The chicken tacos used to be the best I have ever had. Now? Meh. We also tried the steak tacos and they were super dry and flavorless. The mushroom tacos used to have large chunky mushrooms in them and now they are all minced up. Not a fan. For some reason they stopped using the adorable little taco stands. WHY?! They also remodeled a bunch and I suppose it's fine...but the mini tiny tables that are a foot and a half off the ground with benches that are super far apart don't make for the most convenient place to eat and have conversations. The house marg is still my favorite and they have delicious chipotle salsa. I'll still go for happy hour, and this is still the only place worth going on Mill, but WHY Canteen, WHYYYY?!
5	I went into Canteen, I really like the new setup that they have there, the new menu's alright a little different from what I had initially expected, had great overall experience with great waiting staff. Chris and Kelly gave us great service and were great to us making it a very good time.  Will come back and try a different meal if they keep up the great service. Very enjoyable!
3	This place is ok... I had the fish tacos, and they were so boring. They had cabbage(I think) and some pretty tasty hot red pepper on them. However, the menu described it as a slaw, and it was by no means slaw like. They were extremely dry, and the breading was so thick, and the pieces of fish were teensy. The server said they were amazing, so I was expecting a lot more. Perhaps I should've gotten something else, but seriously fish tacos are pretty hard to screw up! Oh well, I'll probably try them again sometime, but I think I'll try another item on the menu!
3	Update: with new management and the one-year re-opening celebration in early October this year comes a completely different happy hour menu.Overall, I give the new happy hour 3/5 whereas their old set-up was a clear 5/5. They have raised their house margarita prices by $0.75 and none of their tequilas are half-off anymore (REALLY DISAPPOINTING!). They also now only have 3 or 4 featured tequilas that will apparently change up every once and awhile that are all priced at $4 a shot.Also, they have their tacos individually priced on the HH menu, but you must order three at a time and you can't mix and match them either.  They also changed the recipes on the pork tacos (pray they did not change the fried fish ones, OR ELSE!) Not only that, but the tacos are not even discounted for happy hour. What. The. Hell. Whoever is running this place now obviously does not know what they are doing, because the poor waitresses have to explain the happy hour menu to every customer, new or old. The ONLY positive would be the fact that the waitresses no longer have to dress in all-white outfits that looked a bit trashy. I always hated them. The new shirts are awesome, though, and I definitely want to buy one! It has that cool Dia de los Muertos sugar skull design they use on the side and the shirt itself is black. This is no longer the best happy hour in Tempe. I don't even know what to do with myself anymore because this place USED to be my favorite. I still like it a lot, but change is not always good.
4	Great ambiance,good service. The food was not typical Mexican. My wife and I liked it, the folks did not. The fish tacos were the best we've had.the enchiladas the worse. If your looking for a party....you might check out the Irish pub next door.
5	A much needed, nice, upscale place to eat in the ASU area. Tacos are very good, the salsa is good, and the vibe is just right. Great place to take a date. They also have bar TVs for games on the weekends. The patio and open air bar is nice. Occasionally they have bands on the back patio, which is cool.
3	I found a fresh-squeezed (for each and every individual drink) lime juice margarita with higher-quality tequila (Jose Cuervo Tradicional Silver) for $3.50 every day during happy hour and all day Sunday at Cien Agaves in Old Town, Scottsdale.
4	Been here once... and a half, I guess. I took an out-of-town visitor here because he wanted Mexican. We went at the oddest hour in the day, which could explain the very friendly service we got. The tacos were tasty, especially the fish tacos. The fried fish stayed crispy, which is the most important part, and the taste was not overpowering. Overall, food was good for its price, and the presentation was not too shabby. However, two downers about service: We wanted to sit on the bench tables near the umbrellas and mist, and since it was so insanely sunny we asked the host if she could open the umbrellas. She said she couldn't because then the misters would drip water onto the tables... hm... We resorted to the small slabs called tables, which ended up being just enough space.[Side note: I went back here again for dinnertime and got seated in a booth where the table was up to our knees. And it was kind of far away from the bench. I personally couldn't stand it being in a skirt and all... unfortunately, my guest and I decided to book it before the server came back to take our orders.] Also, our waiter was not as attentive as you'd think he'd be with a nearly empty restaurant... with such a small table as the ones outside, one cannot afford to have extra empty dishes laying around...Overall, tasty food at decent prices, nice ambiance, and really nice fish tacos! I would come back for a light afternoon lunch, but not for dinner.
3	Okay, so I like Canteen and all, but dear Lord, let's turn that music down a notch! These guys have a great happy hour, but I realistically wouldn't come here if it weren't for that. I quite enjoy the small bites' baby back ribs - the portions are so small, but since they are half price during happy hour, I get two orders! I'm not a big fan of Tequila, but I know they have a big selection (obviously). I really like the atmosphere here, and the service has always been good. I may or may not come back, but we'll see. Three solid stars from me.
4	This place has gotten much more appealing since they first opened!  The staff seems much more broken in, and I think they may have adjusted their drink prices some.  Either way, the atmosphere here is great on the weekends.  The patio is big and has a bar but the shape of it makes it just a little awkward when its busy.
4	My first visit upon the grand opening was not good. I thought the bar was huge and empty. I ordered a beer and it was warm. So I hadn't been back in a long time. I decided to give it another try when some friends had suggested going to Canteen. It was fun and full of people. My beverages tasted much better this time. I liked the tacos and short rib appetizer. The BBQ sauce is zesty and sweet and the meat falls right off the bone! YUM!!!I don't like that the bathrooms are very small and lines extend out through the hand washing area, which is open to part of the restaurant area. That was my main complaint. It's kind of awkward to be in line to use the bathroom as people are checking their make up and washing hands..
4	Well crap... here I am, in Tempe, on Mills, and I'm just looking for a place with good food and drinks.  There are plenty of places to go to, but here it is, Canteen... okay, I was attracted to the pretty awesome sign. The place is a mix of lounge, restaurant and bar, all in one.  I came here for the food, after being seated by a friendly/lovely server, it was clear that this place was filled with young people, with smiles all around.  I got the pulled pork sandwich; my buddy got the Angus burger.  Classic fare, for my food, the pork sandwich tasted right, with plenty of sauce, juices and flavors, there was a finely cut slaw on it, that balanced out the flavor.  The meat was cooked perfectly; the only ask could have been slightly better bread. So this is a shorty review, but if you are in need of food for a reasonable price, that is good, over conversation, and drinks, you might want to consider this one of your stops.
4	We arrived into Sky Harbor and decided to go into Tempe and Mill Ave....a tradition that we do each time we go to Phoenix.   New from my last visit,  on Mill Avenue, Canteen Modern Tequila Bar and we decided to give it a try..   It had a nice open bar area onto the road and the atmosphere was lively and fun.   Happy hour was in progress and the selection of items were great.   The house Margarita hit the spot coming in at $4  on happy hour and yummy.    The happy hour appetizers were also great.    Nice selection, worth a stop with a group of friends.   Wait staff was fantastic and we had great service.
4	I went to Canteen for a friend's birthday dinner. It has a great atmosphere! The pineapple Patron was infused in house, and our server was super hot. After a few samples of the Patron everyone let her know that. I had the carne asada tacos and they were really good. I have had carne asada from everywhere(including Mexico), and this was easily in my top 5. It is a little bit pricey, but its Mill, what do you expect?
5	The experience started out a little slow but quickly turned into a great time.  We had the Mushroom taco, Pork Taco and Fish Taco.  The Mushroom Taco should only be ordered if you are vegetarian.  The pork taco was outstanding.  I don't typically order pork but the people I was with did.  we all shared the tacos.  The pork was so good we ordered another order.  Good service, good food and decent prices.  A high recommendation.
4	Went with a group for a Saturday happy hour because of reading about them in the Best of Phoenix.  Sat outside and had great atmosphere.  The outdoor seating was great because the table held 8 and was very comfortable.  We ordered several different apps and had the happy hour margarita's and we were not disappointed. The service was excellent and the waiter was always attentive.  Although nothing stood out as AMAZING, the overall vibe was good and and I would def go back again.
2	If you're looking for a hang out in the middle of summer, keep on walking. Since it has an open window bar plus misters it will be about 100 degrees with 80% humidity inside. The tacos here are pretty good, but a little pricey for Tempe in my opinion. It's also a great place to visit for happy hour but we weary of staying too late because it quickly changed into a "club" (by Tempe standards) shortly after 10. One benefit is that the large couch area is pretty good for large groups snacking and drinking.
3	This place was decent.  My work had a holiday party on the porch, well more of a holiday get together.  Regardless, we had some drinks, chips and dip, and tacos.  Overall the service was decent.  The waitress did take a drink order and forgot.  No big deal.  The tacos were great other then the carne asada taco.  It was overloaded with cabbage, and was lackluster in flavor.  I'd recommend the brisket, they were amazing!  I would definitely go back again.
4	Spending xmas in AZ, this was one of the places we stopped at for lunch and because my cousins fiance works here...I promise no biased opinions! This place if off Mill st. which is I guess popular among the college crowd especially during the nights because they have a DJ. Pretty swanky inside, we sat at the bar and i got kinda confused about the seating, it was like a long table but really thin and not wide, the chairs were interesting too, I didn't think we could fit 5 people but we did and then some, all of our plates fit but it was a very different type look..kinda modern.Anyways, had a good margarita, ate some chips and salsa and ordered the quesadilla. Kinda dissapointing because it was weird and fried...I have no idea what this place is like at night I would love to come back sometime and check it out when I am in AZ again. Definately like the ambience.
3	This place is decorated very well, little on the Scottsdale side.Weird booths, with tables that come up mid shin, not kidding. We opted for a hightop.All the doors were open, and it was chilly, there were heaters on the patio, but they forgot about us inside.Waitress was great! I ordered corn tacos, but they were out of corn tortillas! Really? No one could run to the store and get them? It is a mexican menu. I don't get that.I got the beef kabobs, they are awesome! Prefectly cooked, lots of flavor!I would probably go back for a happy hour, we'll see.
5	Just had happy hour there for the first time, and we all loved it. Drink specials were good, and the food was excellent. The pork tacos and the mushroom tacos were our favorites, but the guacamole was outstanding. We will be back!
4	The house margarita was delicious and strong! 2 and I was done! Had the fish tacos which were ok, not much sauce or flavor. Nice open fun environment though. Helpful friendly staff.
4	I was surprised by how yummy their little bar tacos are. It's a college crowd and it's loud, but a good spot for a rita and tacos after work.
4	I went here today for lunch with my dad and it was very good! We split the pork tacos...which were awesome! Sweet, spicy, tangy...everything that you could want in a pork taco. We also got the chilled steak salad, which was surprisingly good as well. Both of these items were recommended by our waitress and both were good....so that was a plus. The two items were just enough for the two of us and it only cost about 17 dollars...not a bad deal. I will be back.
4	So, it was a lazy Sunday and my man and I needed to just get out of the house.  We headed on down to Mill Street because I have never been.  I LOVED IT!  I didn't feel old either.  There was a mix of people and it was great.  After a while we were hungry and thirsty so we came across this great place.  As we walked in, the decor, the atmosphere was perfect.  It was modern, hip and sophisticated with an edgy feeling.  There was also side walk seating and that's what we chose so we could people watch. But I"m getting ahead of myself.  The hostess was so sweet, friendly and made us feel welcome....more than welcome, she made us feel like she knew us. Nice!.  We were seated and we ordered cold beers.  They hit the spot.  We also ordered some mushroom tacos and fish tacos.  They looked a bit small but when we were finished we were perfectly satisfied.  We sat there for hours drinking beer, people watching and we even had a great little conversation with the people at the table behind us.  It was a wonderful way to end a good weekend.  The only reason why I didn't give it a five is probably just because I"m pretty damn picky.  Oh well....you might rate it a five...you should try it.
4	I originally wanted to give them a three star review, but their happy hour pushed them up to a four. Three stars:Great location on MillNice bar and patio, tons of room. Cool bathrooms.A little lacking on he service, when it wasn't that busy.Tequila prices higher than ZTejasFour stars:Great drink dealsGreat food dealsGuacamole is awesomeBest street tacos I have had in a long timeWhen you check them out you have to try the house margarita and tacos, at happy hour tho, they are a bit over priced any other time.
4	HELLS YES !! After an Angels Spring Training win we headed to this bar and were greeted by a bubbly buxom college girl who took us our table. I love the cool modern hip layout of this place, it has big ball chandelier light looking things and sofas where you can lounge when you eat, its all really quite cozy ! I had 2 margaritas from the happy hour menu and was completely toasted with them ! The street tacos were pretty good although I wish you could mix them and get different kinds. I loved the carnitas and mushroom tacos, delicious and very filling. We also split the hot wings and for some reason, our waitress thought we wanted them naked but whatever, the dipping sauce was amazing !
2	The drinks are delish, but the food is consistently terrible. I've eaten here 3 times and every time it's been bla, bland or just plain bad. Stick to the margaritas, never get the food.
4	I made a triumphant return to Canteen last night with a couple of friends and, yet again, it was pretty awesome. When we got there, there was a wait BUT it was awesome because they take your phone number and call you when the table is ready, so no sitting around the restaurant awkwardly. I love that! The wait was much shorter than anticipated and we were seated outside, which was nice. We got Sonoma (?) margaritas...the ones with orange and prickly pear in them. They were soooo gooood. Sweet without being too sweet. We got the chips and salsa and I thought it was just ok. There were three different salsa, a verde, which was spicy but not super flavorful, a chipotle, which was really good, and a pico de gallo, which was...pico de gallo. I think 6$ is a little steep for this. The three of us ordered the quesadilla, the brisket tacos (because they were out of pork...booo!), and the carne asada tacos. The brisket tacos were good, but not nearly as good as the pork and the carne asada was just ok.... it kind of tasted like gas or propane or whatever chemical they use to grill things....I'd stick with the meats that are cooked low and slow here. Our service was fairly good, although my water was never refilled...maybe as a ploy for me to drink more alcohol...I'm not sure. I still like that this place is cheap and tasty...so it stands at four stars.
4	Check in offer WOOT WOOT! got a free margarita for checking in 5 times here, ILL TAKE IT. This is a place nice to go to when finishing up a Firday or Saturday night, its usually pretty calm with a little dance floor if you want to get down. they do do a minimum 10 charge for cards which means your probably paying for someone else or leaving it with them.. meaning you might forget your card there :/
4	Oh mill street, you have so many bars to hop but I think this one is the most interesting one. One, because you have a patio and two, there is an awesome firewall outside the patio. Must check it out. And some securities there are pretty funny. That is only if they are cool with you. Hey, remember to check in! They currently have a check in for a free margarita :)
1	Let's start with the positive: The food and drinks tasted great.WORST SERVICE I HAVE HAD IN A VERY LONG TIME. We ordered three margaritas and two orders of tacos, and the bartender charged us for six margaritas and four orders of tacos--plus he charged us for the beer of the guy next to us. When I tried to get him to fix it, he came back with the wrong amount a second time (still over charging us), and the the third time he just ran my credit card without allowing me to see the itemized bill. I was mortified, and he extremely rude.Also, the people next to me gave their credit card, and when they attempted to get it back, they were told by this same bartender that they never gave him their card. They insisted for thirty minutes, and which point he said to them," NO ONE HERE HAS YOUR CREDIT CARD. YOU HAVE SAID THAT YOU GAVE IT TO SEVERAL PEOPLE, AND YOU DIDN'T" When another bartender gave them back the card a few minutes later, there was no apology.Z Tejas is right across the street. The food is delicious and the bartenders are phenomenal. I was just there and without my even saying anything, when the food took over twenty minutes to come out, they comped our entire meal!
4	I don't do happy hour anymore so it was nice to just kinda stumble upon this place.Decent drink specials along with a menu of tasty appetizers.A few bites of various items on the menu and we were happy campers.The decor is fabulous.  I was wishing they were a little closer to where I live because I would go there more often.The restrooms were, interesting.  I got a chuckle out of passing through the shared washroom but thought it was rather ingenious -less space needed and thus more room to seat more customers.  ;-)  Saw even more to appreciate as we were leaving through the patio.  We decided then we would be back.
3	The building is beautiful, the bathrooms are clean (and modern feeling with a shared washroom) and the patio is pretty cool.  I liked sitting at the bar AND being outside so that's a total plus for me.  Great Tequila selection (DUH) and the bartender made me one of THE best margaritas I have ever had outside of my own house.  They were out of agave nectar so he used citrus flower water (I don't really know that that is either) but it rocked so I'll definitely be back for that again.  Although we didn't eat, the menu looked rather run-of-the-mill-Tex-Mex-bar-food.  There isn't anything wrong with that but I am sure a creative mind in the kitchen could kick it up a couple notches.  Their check-in deal was pretty cool too.  I wasn't all that crowded for a Monday night at all but even with that - service was standard - no real conversation or personality but we got what we needed.Overall, I'd tell you to check this place out.  It's worth the visit even if it is just once.
4	Margaritas can't be beat. They are truly delicious. Tacos are awesome. Chips and salsa (especially pico de gallo) are terrific. Prices, particularly for the margaritas, are very reasonable. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the service is consistently sketchy and sometimes you show up and it is a restaurant, other times it seems like it is supposed to be a club. As a restaurant, this place can't be beat. One of the best places to stop for a drink on Mill.
4	This place was great. As said in many past reviews, their margaritas are truly the best. I had the Portabello mushroom street tacos which were PHENOMENAL...I wish we had one of these places at home, you would catch me there everyday at lunch time for sure. Only one bad thing to say about this place...some of the seating was like those sushi places where the table is real low and you sit on a couch...I am 5'6 and can deal but my friend that was with me is 6'4 I don't know why they seated us there!
4	Street tacos galore here! I've been here twice so far. Both times were after a run event down in Tempe, because I live way far way in the NW valley. When I do make it to make it this side of town, I think about this place, because I love street tacos.Guacamole! You must order this, because it is soooooo- good!My friend had the Sonoran Margarita with prickly pear juice and I had the Hibiscus Float Margarita. Both are worth trying since they are a bit more unique. Atmosphere is on the modern side. You have the choice of sitting either high on bar top type tables or very low, on couches with a low center coffee table. I recommend getting a bar top on the patio or even inside if you plan on eating, because you will make a mess of yourself if you try eating on coffee tables! I've only been here right when they open at 11am both times I've been here, so crowding hasn't been issue. It's like having the place to yourself if you come when they open on the weekend, and it's great, because it's laid back and you get great service when there's no people there yet. Even the manager stopped in and checked on us too just to make sure we were happy both visits. I discovered this place via Phoenix Magazine's Best. I can't remember if it was Best Resturants or Bars, but regardless, get guacamole, street tacos, and margaritas here all together at the same time!
1	This is a drinks only place. The food is extremely low quality and it is not good. Chicken tacos were two tiny tiny tiny pieces of dark meat with a big wad of shredded lettuce and a few bits of tomatoes on top. No sauce, no flavor, nothing. The shrimp skewers were $7 for 3 skewers and from the way it sounds there may be a few shrimp on each one. Nope, just one small shrimp on each. Not quality food, not quality chefs.
4	Went here for cinco de mayo. I enjoyed myself got pretty peppered up from the tequila shots and 2 dollar coronas. there was a blonde behind the bar that was jut horribly rude. The hot rockabilly chick made up for her though... We had fun i'd go back.
3	This place was pretty good.  Cute patio.  Margaritas are strong, but limited menu.  I had the portabella tacos.  Didn't care for the blue cheese on them so next time I'll try it without.  I'd definitely like to give them another try.
4	The decor is modern yet warm and inviting.  The house margaritas are made well.  They offer a variety of great tequila and the food has been excellent on both of my visits.  The bar staff was knowledgable and fun.  What more could you want from a tequila bar.
5	Canteen is a great place for food and drink on Mill Avenue.  The place is spacious and the crowd isn't just the college aged crowd.  There is a great mix of people of all ages.  The bar menu is extensive, especially if you like tequila.  The food is also really good and they have a great happy hour.  Canteen always throws great events and parties.
3	I only go for the happy hour, the little tacos are good most of the time and the beer is reasonably priced.
4	This is probably my 5th time here. Ive had a good experience each time. But obviously some servers are going to better than others. Most are decent. I love the BBQ rib appetizer- its very tender, delicious and falls right off the bone!! Do NOT eat directly over your pants or you might have a BBQ stain on your jeans. Ha ha they have tacos, margaritas and pineapple infused tequila shots! Definitely a good place for some fun!
3	I came for lunch. I had to wait for a table and the place was literally less than 1/3 full (I can't help it, I counted seats - I'm anal that way).  Funny, I heard one server walking by saying it was a slow day.  Once seated, my server (Sasha I think) was friendly and quick to take my order.  The decor/environment was nice. Very trendy - hip latin - exposed ceiling, raw wood, oranges, advocado. and yellows.
4	This was my first time here.  This place makes me wish I lived closer to Mill Ave.  Walking around Mill on a hot Saturday afternoon, looking for a place to have a snack and a drink and found this place.The place was pretty empty when we got there and realized school's out for summer and it's a hot AZ weekend. Ordered the chips and salsa for the app.  Impressed with both. The salsa was very different and unlike anything I've had before, also served a trio (pico, green and red).  All 3 were different and very good.The service was top notch.  James, if I recall correctly.  He was very attentive and was more impressed with his service when I noticed the place had gotten unusually crowded in the 15 minutes or so we had been there. We ordered some street tacos.  Upon James' suggestion, did the pork and fish tacos.  Both were superb.  The fish taco had some toppings I have never had but made it spectacular and the pork...there are no words.  With a pineapple salsa, it was amazing.They have an extensive drink menu, especially the Tequila, hence the name of the joint. The tequila was priced within reason, especially the higher end Top, Top shelf ones. The only reason this place did not get a 5star is the seating arrangements.  The table is especially low and you sit on bar couches that make it very difficult to not hunch over or get food all over your clothes.
4	I went on a Saturday around 3:30PM being drawn in by the allure of shade and outdoor misters. All of the front outdoor seats in the shade were already taken so I sat out back, near the bar. The inside decor is very hip and much more urban than I'd expected.I ordered a trio of mini tacos which were divine and a house margarita. (Ok, make that two margaritas.) I almost fell of the chair when the bill came for a whopping $16. Happy hour specials apply even to table seating - not just for those seated at the bar.My server was chipper as was the manager on duty who went out of their way to point out travel suggestions. Highly recommend!
5	Beautiful place. the inside was stunning! Didn't eat here just had some drinks, the tequila selection is nice and the staff is great. Definitely will come back to eat!
1	Went here tonight, a Tuesday around 6:30pm, and it was so busy we could only get a seat in the bar. A waitress came to take our drink order after about 10 minutes of waiting. We were sitting in the bar though and figured oh well. We place a drink order and then wait 20 minutes. We never receive our drinks in this time, never saw the server again, and even though we tried to flag other servers down, no one paid attention to us. The bar is fairly small so this should have been an easy task and even though they were busy, 30 minutes and no drinks even is unacceptable. Since we hadn't received anything and couldn't get anyone's attention, we just left. We won't be going back.
4	We went here for a happy hour session with friends Saturday night. Our bill included 2 rounds of $4 happy hr. margaritas and beers, chips and salsa, onion rings, and steak skewers. We all ordered their taco trio deals. Kind of weird you can only order one type of taco per trio, but it was fine because each of the 6 of us ordered different types, and then "swapped tacos." I tasted the grilled fish, steak, and carnitas...all were great! They were just as tasty, or maybe even better, than any other tacos on Mill or in Scottsdale. The margaritas were drank quick, and were great! Servers were friendly, tenative, and were good about checking on us. A dust storm was close by and our umbrella wanted to fly away, so it was quickly taken down by staff without us having to ask. All in all, cool place to grab some margaritas and asy food. I'd go back when on Mill.
3	Great happy hour deals!  Basically, the HH is what keeps us coming back... because we have never had a good experience with service.
3	Food is good but the margaritas are awful.  Probably worst I've ever had.
5	Great staff, great service!  Try the steak skewers, they are small, but that is why they are under the small bites section.  The chimichurri is to die for.  I love the pork tacos on flour tortillas and the grilled fish on corn tortillas.  The green enchiladas are bomb, kind of spicy but the Mexican crema, lettuce, and tomato help bring down the spiciness.  The Sonoran margarita is really sweet and strong!  Amazing happy hour deals on tequilas, make sure you ask your server about them!  Be sure to upgrade your tequila in your margarita during happy hour!  This is a regular spot for me and my boyfriend.  Anytime family/friends come into town, this is the first restaurant/bar we take them to!
4	Happy Hour every day from 4-6:30! It can be tough to find a decent HH on the weekend. My husband and I each ordered a house margarita ($4 each) -- they were just OK, a little sweet for my taste and so so tequila, but it's pretty hard to beat a $4 margy. We also got: -an order of chips and salsa ($2): DELICIOUS!-steak tostadas ($3.50): 3 mini ones per order, easy on the steak, topped with what seemed like a salad tossed in a bit too much dressing -shredded beef flautas ($3): 3 of them smothered in enchilada sauce, lettuce, and drizzled with sour cream. these were tasty but they weren't very warm-canteen wings ($4): 6 chicken wings smothered in either buffalo or tamarind sauce (we got the buffalo, it was good) and served with some rubbery celery sticksThe food on the happy hour menu could use some improvements. I would consider the flautas again but would absolutely send them back next time if not heated properly. Pass on the tostadas. I would get the wings and the chips/salsa again. I would be interested to try the tamarind wing sauce next time; the server described it as sweet and spicy. Overall, I can't really complain about so much food and a couple of margys for $20. I should mention that I had been here once before to order from the regular menu. I split an order of the pork street tacos and an order of the mushroom street tacos with my husband. We thought both were terrific. Husband works nearby and periodically stops here with coworkers; he says the guacamole is also tasty.
3	I was really looking forward to this place because I read good reviews. I have to say I was not impressed with the ambiance. They played techno music, would of been better if they had Latin music instead. Their tacos were excellent and service was okay. I was surprised that they did not have salt at the table. They also didn't have hot sauce :(
5	Amanda was our server and the greatest server possible. Very great attitude and did everything possible for my party of 10 out of towners. We were here for a conference with DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse. The manager Aaron was also great and was really interested on our compliment of Amanda. I would recommend anyone looking for a great place, great service and great food, Canteen is the place to be.
3	We picked this place for my friends Birthday.  The decor is nice, very low tables inside and high tables in the Patio. We had around 10 people in our party and were sited in the middle of the restaurant in a kind of 'living room' setting. Very comfortable. The waiter was nice and attentive. They offered chips and salsa right away and refilled it when it was gone. Generous portion with 3 types of salsa. But be careful, they will charge every time. ($6 each)We also ordered-House Margaritas (Some strong, some watered down... Overall Good taste)-Hibiscus Margaritas (Make sure you stir the syrup on the bottom) Good-Pineapple upside down shots YUMMY!!! Excellent!-Buttery nipple shots (Mehh Ive had better, tasted like straight Kalua)-House pineapple infused tequila shots (Very Good)We also got the Assortment Small Bites. $16 NOT WORTH IT!The chicken, steak and shrimp skewers are tasty, but VERY small (2 of each).  I have never seen quesadillas SO SMALL in my LIFE!  I think they use the tortillas meant for tacos al Carbon LMAO (google it), cut it in 4 pieces.  The onion rings are not good. The batter is cheap and really greasy, and it just does not go with the Mexican food. I would come back during happy hour.  It is a nice place to hang out and have a drink, but the food is overpriced and portions are minimal.
4	This place is great! I love the food, but I could really use more of a liquor selection. Staff is wonderful
3	This was my second stop on my first tour of Tempe. I came here after I had visited Fat Tuesday around 10 p.m on a Friday night.I really liked the setup of this place. Plenty of space to move around despite the large crowd, and there's a nice seating area in the back and on the side. All of the tables were taken unfortunately, but that was expected since there was a lot of people that night (this past Friday).The music wasn't too loud so you could have a decent conversation. I showed up here a bit early, so there wasn't a whole lot of dancing (interesting that the dance floor was semi-roped off in the middle of the bar) but the music was putting me in the mood to get on the floor.I didn't stay too long because when I asked what drink the bartender recommended she made me a margarita which was way too strong for me to down, and the cost made me think I needed to come back here during happy hour and not afterwards ($7.50). I drank about half and called it quits. Almost tasted like straight up tequila.I'll definitely come back again during happy hour to see what else they have on the menu, both food an alcohol wise. Hopefully they won't make it as strong as the first time around.
4	Loved the place! We had such a cute and attentive server. The fish tacos, margaritas were excellent and generously sized. Love the decor! And they were so welcoming to kids!Highly recommended
5	This place is really good. ! Great ambiance  and food is really good too. We had house margaritas and they were really good . The chicken skewers was great. We just couldn't stop eating. Service was great !!
1	Been here a few times for happy hour and recently had a bad experience with the arrogant all powerful bouncers.I'm 35 so I'm too old now to party with the youngins after 10:00 PM and that's when this place turns into a night scene. I was with a group of friends and we had just paid our tab and were leaving shortly. (By the way, if you order a 5.00 class of whiskey, and you want ice, they charge you 1.25 for the ice) We were at a table and i started to slowly roll down the umbrella from over the table as a goof to mess with my friends seated around it. Within seconds a bouncer came over and told me not to do that and he rolled it back up. I laughed (not at him) because I thought it was funny I "got in trouble" and then sat back down and started talking to my friends. About 1 minute later he came back and said I needed to leave and yelled at me that he told me to stop messing with the umbrella. I was a little shocked as I did nothing. He told me to stop, I stopped and that was it for me. He got in my face and bulked up and backup arrived and I hadn't even said anything at this point. In my younger days I would've been pretty upset and ended up striking him, getting roughed up and end up in cuffs. This time I was extremely polite and said I respected his warning and that I didn't do anything but I'd still leave. I argued with this for a bit (didn't raise my voice, just wanted him and the people around me to know that I didn't do anything wrong) and just said it was ridiculous. He then said, "You laughed at me" (like I hurt his feelings?) Anyway, it clicked and I laughed and said WOW, I see your kicking me out because I hurt your pride or something. I turned and left peacefully. Maybe they needed a reason to kick us out so they could get us old people out and clear a table for the VIP line starting to form at the front door.Needless to say, I'm never going back. I can't stand bouncers who take their power to extreme levels and the establishments that hire them.
1	"YAY! I was a fan" until last night. Me and my wife used to love this place, it was on our top 3 Happy Hour spots. Until I tried to order a "Tequila Mockingbird" and the whole place was stomped, no one knew what was in it. The bartender literally asked everyone in the restaurant and the owner what was in it and how to make one, she also asked me what was in it. So I told her how to make one, she tried, it wasn't that good but I didn't tell her that, because I didn't wanna be rude. I strongly believe with all my heart that this restaurant should change its name to NOT have "Modern Tequila Bar" in it. Because the only thing they know how to do is pour pre-mixed drinks into a cup or pour beer out of a tap. I go out to bars to get drinks I can't make at home if I wanted to pour myself a pre-mixed Margarita from a bottle I would just stay home. If you want a sophisticated Tequila Cocktail drink then the "Canteen Modern Tequila Bar" is NOT the place for you. I personaly will not be going there ever again until they change their name and take out the word "Tequila" from it.
4	We went here on a friend's recommendation for a birthday party.  So glad we did! Great food, drinks and atmosphere. Try their specialty tequila shots.  The pineapple tequila tasted like pineapple juice, but after 2, I was definitely feeling the tequila!  We had the fish tacos that were large and freshly made.  Can get a bit "college-y" later in the night and on weekends. If you like tacos and tequila, check it out for happy hour or dinner. Fun place!
4	Turned out to be a solid spot for a mixer event, with top notch catering of guacamole, tostadas, tacos, etc.. Attentive staff made for an overall good experience.
4	Came here when it was my first night in AZ.  Good environment, mixed crowd/packed night, good music, with a crowded and entertaining dance floor.  Drink prices were average, not too expensive.  Definitely would come back.
1	Went here once with a friend who was excited to drink some tequila at a bar that specializes in it. However, once we got the menu we were ready to go.  Prices for their various tequila shots were insane.  We settled on the happy hour shot (which was still a little pricey), paid our bill and were off to Robbie Foxes next door.
5	I love Canteen!!! My first and last stop on Mill! Great drinks and such a fun party atmosphere... Girls go in the VIP line you don't have to pay and you get a free shot!
4	Great happy hour and love the guac and chips!
4	For a killer outdoor patio along Mill Ave. in downtown Tempe for late-night drinks with a cool crowd, this is the place! I entered thru the back and never even went inside... and can't wait to go back next time I'm in town. The servers were quick and kind. The drinks were cold and cheap. The other patrons were cute and fun. When you're in Arizona, you gotta take advantage of the great weather and enjoy your cocktails outdoors after the sun goes down - I did it here! You should too.
2	I was always told that if you are looking for a good Mexican restaurant, look to see who is eating there, if its Mexicans, then the food is good, if there are none, the the food is not. Make no mistake this place is a bar first and a restaurant second. I walked in and the music was pretty loud, if you are looking for a quiet place perhaps this is not the place for you. I asked the hostess if I could sit somewhere quieter and she sat me in the patio area next to a speaker. So much for a quiet table.Since I was told about the pork tacos, I ordered the Pork Tacos, Chips and Salsa and the Chicken Skewers. All orders of tacos comes in order of 3. They have a variety of tacos, but you cant mix and match. If you want one chicken, one pork and one shrimp taco, you would have to order 3 of each. The manager told me that they were working on a system to handle such an order. I read later in other reviews dating back 6 months, that they are in no rush to make this happen. So unless you are really hungry, you will have to eat 3 tacos of the same meat. The Pork tacos were small 'street' style tacos and I found them too sweet for my taste. There was just as much pineapple as there was meat. Also there is no salsa on them, you cant just get salsa and have to settle for a bottle of Tapatio or whatever they have. All in all I found the Tacos okay. Nothing to rave to you about. My order of Chips and Salsa was okay, the chips were light and warm, the Pico de Gallo was good and tasty, but the Chipotle and Tomatillo salsa were not. They were bitter, had no taste and it tasted like they had a shot of alcohol in it which destroyed any of the traditional salsa flavor. So stick with with the Pico de Gallo.The Chicken on the skewers were juicy and tender. Nothing bold and plain in flavor. You will probably have to add salt and pepper to get them to your liking. The service was good. I have read complaints about the service being too slow. I didn't find that on the night I was there. All in all the place was okay, if I was going there to drink and have chips and salsa I would go back. However if you want to get a delicious meal and or be in a quiet place, then I would skip this place and look for better.
3	Tiny drinks big prices not sure about this place yet.  Location was really good otherwise .not worth the extra money for location.  Review update several days later I loved the interior but who wants to stay inside when you are on Mill.  It's much more fun to sit outside and just people watch and the patio is perfect for that if you are lucky enough to be there early enough to get a seat.  We really enjoyed the atmosphere here but as stated above the prices were a bit high especially in an area geared towards college kids.  I think the location and atmosphere bumps them up 1 star so they get 3.
4	Went here for a hh fundraiser over the weekend and had a good time. We were out on the patio and since it was chilly, they had the heaters on, as well as the fire pit, which was nice. I was seated for a little bit before anyone came by so I went up to the bar to start a tab, no big deal. I had the sonoran margarita which was good. Once one of my friends joined me, we shared an order of onion rings which was okay. The chili lime aioli sauce that came with it was a bit heavy on the mayo. We also ended up splitting an order of chicken tacos, which again were good but not remarkable. Sometime during our visit I switched to house margaritas which were tasty. We ended the night noshing on their chips and salsa. I really liked their salsa verde, very spicy! Our server as nice enough to close our tab and move us inside as it was starting to sprinkle and get really windy. The inside is cute, and the music wasn't too loud for us to continue our conversation inside. I'll definitely be back.
4	Came here for happy hour the other day with family before the asu basketball game. Yes I said asu even though I hate the devils.lol.The happy hour menu was really good with $4 house margaritas which were really strong. We unlocked a penny shot upon checking in which was good as well. Ordered a variety of items including chicken skewers, steak tostadas, chips and salsa and pork tacos and carne asada tacos. All came out great and was more than enough food for the 4 of us. The service was a little slow at first but I think that was because the server was tied up with another group. After he came around he was great though. The scene was chill for happy hour with good music playing in the background. It was during the art festival so seating was slammed outside which would have been nice. We sat inside and had a good time though. I would come back here, especially for the pork tacos! They were my personal favorite. I've walked past here on a weekend night and saw that it gets packed! So if you go on a weekend night come early!
4	Canteen isn't a glowing review type of place. One doesn't gush about Canteen, but one is always grateful for its existence: good food, good happy hour, nice staff. It's no-fuss and easy ... easily found, easy to get to (walkable from Light Rail) straightforward menu. It's all sort of under-the-radar, in a good way. By way of Mill Ave. offerings, it's my happy hour of choice for food, drinks and atmosphere (I like La Bocca too but this is a bit more lively and bar-like). And kudos for surviving in what should be a prime location when several others could not (which is odd ... how hard is it to follow Duck Soup??)In any case, here's my pat on the back and "Nice work" for Canteen.
4	Met some friends here for happy hour and fundraiser. Prices were good & we had great service the whole time we were there. Started out sitting on the patio on a semi-chilly night. The lit up the heaters for us, as soon as they saw us getting cold, and without us asking. It got really windy, so we asked our waitress if we could move inside. She was very helpful and got us a table right away, no attitude about closing out our bills, at all. The setting both indoors & out is very casual. Love the big open booths with the cushy seating...more like comfy conversation areas. I've heard they take some of the tables out & have dancing there later. We left early, but will have to come back to see what that's all about next time!
4	A very trendy joint with a young target audience in a college town. However the food was good! The gave me shrimp tacos instead of mushroom tacos but they were good enough for me not to send them back. happy hour helped too!
3	it was the wife's happy hour social time for her birthday. and we kind of figured we'd try Mill Ave since school was not in session and we'd have less college kids to deal with. besides, we'd always wanted to try Canteen. the 3 stars reflect primarily service, not food. off the happy hour menu, i ordered the portobello mushroom tacos. they come in 3's. i was impressed as they were very well done. the wife had the grilled fish tacos and she said they were very tasty. we also ordered the chips and pico de gallo. the chips were warm, thin, crispy....very good. the patron silver tequila was tasty and smooth. the house margarita....also very tasty, not too sweet like many pre-mixes. i ordered another tequila, but was brought a patron anejo (i did not order that one)...i did not enjoy it but our dinner companions did.our server was not mean. she was actually very friendly but just not prompt. they failed the water glass miserably. i asked 3 times for water, and finally had to go to the bar myself to have more water. later, another server asked if we needed anything and we all said "more water" and it just never showed up. anytime our server asked if we needed anything, she didn't stick around long enough to wait for me to swallow the mouthful of food i was chewing on. one of the tequila's i ordered was the wrong one, and our dinner companion had to ask 3 times for a tequila he ordered.also, as we were seated next to the patio door, we asked if the door could be closed since it was cold. our server said no, something about fire code. however, when another party sitting behind us asked their server, she said sure and closed the door. anyhoo....but probably the funniest was when we asked our server about the chile rellenos happy hour item. she didn't know what they were and pronounced it phonectically (sounding out the double L). i just assumed you should know a little more about the product you are selling. we will probably come back because the food and tequila's were good and the happy prices were reasonable. maybe we'll get a different server next time.
1	Okay, one star is a bad review, and I want everyone to know that the service here was SO BAD that it took away from everything else. With that said, the food here is probably the best on mill, so I will probably end up going back anyway. The combined IQ of the servers in that restaurant has to be in the mid 40s, and maybe instead of standing around and talking to each other, they could be delivering their food. Seriously thats your only job - to bring my food to me, thats why I go out to eat. If you can't do that competently then guess what, low tip. If you completely neglect me, don't refill my drink, and the manager has to bring me my food because its been an hour and the place isn't busy - no tip. Of the four times I have been there during the day to eat, twice I have not tipped and wrote exactly why on the receipt and explained to the manager, but I am still shocked every time I go there and the servers fail to do the one thing they are there to do. The steak tacos are good enough to deal with it though, and there is a wide range of tequilas to sip.
3	I like this place for the decor and seating set up. There were high tables, lounge tables, couches, indoor/outdoor, etc, and the indoor pergola was kind of cool. The happy hour menu is pretty good too. M-F 4-6:30 they offer drink and app specials, as well as deals on their tacos. I sampled some of their tequilas, which you can order various ways: as a shot, in a snifter glass, over rocks, etc. We also tried the grilled fish tacos and mushroom tacos were very good and you get three for around $7.50. We even checked in on yelp (aw yeah) and got 4 penny shots (there were four of us) of the featured shot-which was sex on the beach. My negatives were more service based. Our server made an error on one of our drinks, forgot to bring another drink entirely and failed the water test miserably. We not only asked her for more water, but another staff member who came by and checked on us. Both of them never returned with any water so we had to go to the bar and get it ourselves!
4	When they shy away from shots, I always tell my friends that it doesn't matter how they feel about tequila. It's just something you have to learn how to do as part of a successful, complete life. But with Canteen in the mix, even the wussiest drinkers can find something that works for them.Step your game up and get some MEZCAL. It's not sold at many bars, and my Del Maguey Crema had a sweet, smoky burn on the way down. Yum. I'll be back for the margaritas, and maybe even lunch some time. If Canteen were any more legit, you'd find a worm at the bottom of your glass.
2	What the hell happened to this place!? Man, what a dump it has become. The service is absolutely awful. It was freezing in there the entire time, so much, that I had to wear my jacket for the painful hour I was in there. Our drinks came out about 20 minutes after we ordered them. Our appetizer came out first and we had A)No drinks B)No water C)No silverware. You would have thought it was our waitress' first night on the job - it was terrible. I will not be going back any time soon. And seriously, fix your decorations! They look like crap and they're falling apart. PS, the food was not great either. Such a bummer, I used to like this place.
5	Local place I love!
1	This is the second time I've been to this place and both times have been HORRIBLE! The service is literally THE WORST! We went here for the first time on my birthday in December, sat on the patio, the place was barely half full so we were thinking it would be a quick in and out, WRONG! Not only did it take 25 minutes to get our drink orders but it took almost an hour to get our meals which were just street tacos and chicken enchiladas that were pretty measly. They completely messed up my order and brought me something completely different the waiter told me he "grabbed the wrong plate and would be right out with the right one" umm...ya 15 minutes later after everyone else was finished and it was my damn birthday! hahaha. We also had to find our own silverware because we were not brought any and the waiter was no where to be found. Thank god we had a gift card to this place, it was hard to even tip at that point.Our second experience here was over the weekend when my family was in town, decided to try it again since we wanted some mexican and were spending the day in downtown Tempe.  The place was empty so again...we figured it would be a quick in and out, HORRIBLE again!! Took even longer for drinks, took forever to get a couple ice waters, and took even longer to get the food again! When we asked for silverware our waiter brought over 3 sets and there were 5 of us sitting there...what the? This place sucks...for lack of a better word. We will never return.
4	Food is fresh. Had my first fish taco but most important they sell roger's mexican mooon shine.  I have had much worse american tacos. Enjoyed it.
2	Pass on this place! When we went in for dinner it was so hot in the building and no air circulation to the point we were sweating. The food is way over rated for the price and same with the cocktails... I wish this place was better on their food, drinks and service- the atmosphere was nice though.
5	Great for a casual dinner out with a friend or two.  The food, service and decor were great.  I had the grilled fish tacos, which were delicious.  We went on a Saturday evening and got a table quickly, everyone was friendly, and it was easy to have a conversation.
3	The best attribute to this place is the patio.  There's a great fire pit in back with couches.  The music is good. I like it.  I've only been after 10 so keep that in mind.  This place is always packed on the weekends when school is in session... beware.... a lot of kids are in adult baby mode after midnight.  I remember my first beer.The bartenders aren't super attentive.  I usually just stick with beer but I've heard some good things about the margaritas.  Then again, can you mess up a margarita at a tequila bar?  Their house shot is pretty tasty as well.The dance floor gets packed.  Not exactly Tempe's finest either but it's fun to watch.  Go to the bathroom before hand though... the women's restroom is impossible to reach when it's crowded.Stick to the patio.
4	I really like the nighttime madness that goes down on a Friday or Saturday night. Yet I'm always happy to roll out on a Sunday for some great arizona style Mexican food. Its nice to be able to enjoy the sun on the patio while scarfing down some tasty tacos. Sometimes the wait time is a little long due to the understaffing
3	One cent shot was fun. I went there with my friend when I was visiting her in Phoenix. We ordered for a chicken dish, but the server got it mixed up and we ended up with shimp. I dont like shrimp. Anywho, she gave us free shots. Food is ok, if I go there again, I would only go for the happy hour. Margaritas are awesome btw.
4	Pretty nice bar on Mill. There is a full bar on the inside, as well as the outside. On Fridays and weekends, the inside dance floor is so packed. There are two lines outside that are pretty long. The free line, which of course is super long; and the VIP line which is only like $5 to get in and is way faster so I suggest doing that.
4	The food at Canteen was so-so; steak tostadas and a chipotle relleno were interesting.  The onion rings and chicken skewers were fine.  And, the fried fish tacos were pretty light (not in a good way).But I liked the bartenders, I liked the sex appeal, I liked the music, and I LOVED $2 16-oz. drafts of light beer during happy hour.  In fact, the prices for everything during happy hour were great, and then you add in good-looking people and 82-degree temperatures...maybe it's the $2.50 domestic bottles talking, but I enjoyed myself, to say the least.  I probably won't go back...oh, wait a minute, last night we turned down the apparent sausage-fest at World of Beer to get a second round of drinks at the bar last night after an ASU game nearby!!
4	Great happy hour spot.  Very tasty food and cheap prices during happy hour.  Use the Yelp check in to get a 1 cent house shot, which is usually 5 bucks.  Love the steak tostadas and the margaritas are excellent.
5	The street tacos are delicious, and topped off with a house Margarita and a beautiful spring evening, it doesn't get much better than this! We always take friends and family here when visiting and they always ask to go to the Canteen when they are back in town. Great food, drinks, and atmosphere.  Another perk is how much later their HH goes. Us 8-5 workers are actually able to make it and enjoy it!
4	Delicious!! Margaritas are actual margaritas, no mix just like juice. They're strong but good. So many choices of tequila! The tacos and buffalo wings were really good too. The only thing is that it took a while to get our waiter to take our order but other than that I really liked it and will come back again.
3	Nice spot a bit pricey. But had a Vodka with some gunk on the glass, sent it back and mGT was not happy with bartenders. Problem fixed quickly. Not a bad place to have a drink and a meal all n all.
4	I miss their free house margaritas for checking in. I like this place.Negative is that on the weekends the dance floor is ridiculously packed to the point that nobody is dancing at all... more like a mosh pit with douchebags carrying 3 drinks through the middle of the crowd.
5	AMAZING. I've been to Canteen a few times but this last time was the best experience ever. Olivia is a star! I go to Canteen because they have the best margaritas (the paloma is my all time fav) and the best chilled steak salad. Their steak tacos are also amazing. This last time, Olivia made me feel right at home and I can't even find the words to describe how amazing her service was. I tipped her in cash and a cupcake! That's how grateful I was! She recommended great margaritas, great food, and socialized with us. She was super busy but didn't show it and she performed excellently under pressure. I will definitely be back for more!
2	Atmosphere is cool but food wasn't very good. House margarita just ok.
4	This a great place to stop for a margarita or a shot of tequila!  The selection on tequila alone is awesome.  Great patio setting, so definitely come here and enjoy the surrounding when the weather is beautiful.  I work near by so our work team will frequent her for happy hour.  They have a decent HH special and if you are a YELPER...make sure you check in!  They give great Yelp specials when show them your yelp check in.  The staff has always been friendly and very accommodating especially for our large work group.
4	This is the best place on mill for happy hour! The service is hit or miss sometimes it is awesome but other times it can be slow and rude. It really doesn't keep me away since the drinks are great and it very spacious so you can enjoy with large groups. My friends and I have had tons of birthdays, happy hours and party events here just because of the location and prices!
4	Canteen is a great place for happy hour and to meet up with a large group of friends! They have an awesome large patio with a bar outside that makes it great to enjoy the weather at night. You can't go wrong with their margaritas, guacamole, and chips! You can come here for a happy hour on a Friday night, end up staying way later than you thought, and dance on the dance floor. They have an awesome dj that plays top 40 music! It's a great place to enjoy your friends and many drinks!
4	Canteen is refreshing among the "strictly-a-bar" bars on Mill Avenue. They serve food, and pretty good food at that. It's evident they are making a good effort to not just be another place for the frat boys to get sloshed on Fridays, but to be a good place to day drink or have a happy hour snack. My friend and I come to Canteen often during the school year to have a margarita and tacos after class. The service has always been really good, the bartenders know how to make a good drink, and the outside patio is pleasant with misters and even purse hooks under the bar (which I got wayyyy too excited about the first time).I've been once or twice on a weekend night, and the bouncers were surprisingly nice for Mill Avenue, the bartender efficient, the drinks just as good as their non-rushed counterparts, and while the dance floor is small, the DJ was pretty good and everyone was having a blast.
2	Service was mediocre. Got beer in a 12 oz solo cup so it got warm fast. Margaritas were great, atmosphere was nice but even the patio was loud which didn't make sense (I mean dance floor was awesome but why the patio?)  mostly I only gave two stars because for the price of the drinks you'd think the bartenders would at least be friendly. I felt like I bothered the bartender with my questions about drinks. ("Sorry I'm a customer and not a bartender here. I'll try harder next time?") i know bartenders have a lot they need to deal with but I mean three bartenders to like 15 people is not that busy... I'll have to try happy hour to see if service and pricing gets better.
1	The place caught my attention from the outside. A modern looking tequila bar? On Mill Ave? I'm in!!!Saw the patio seating and grabed one right on the corner. Excellent spot. The place had a great selection of drinks to choose from. Food choices looked pretty solid too (but I didn't eat). Pretty much down hill from there. The prices were a bit steep. I saw a great sounding margarita...$9!! To be fair it was one of the more expensive drinks on the menu.But for that I was expecting something reeeeeeeaally good. It was reeeeeeeeally average. Had a drink and then waited for probably 40 minutes for the check. Not a waiter or waitress in sight. This was even after the waitress said she'd bring the check.....Too many choices in this town to go back. Sorry.
4	Canteen is a pretty good bar, and one of my favorites on Mill.  The house shots and margaritas are reasonably priced and reasonably tasty, and if you want to spend a little more money, the selection of tequila is quite vast.  Last time I was there I used my check-in offer of a free house margarita which I found to feel a little more potent than it tasted.The downside for me is the club scene that inevitably comes with the late hour.  College students swarm in, the middle seating gets cleared out for a dance floor, and the music gets louder.  I feel like an old lady complaining about it, but hey, I like to hear the conversations with my friends!  If I wanted a club and dancing, I probably wouldn't have come to Mill.The decor is modern and interesting, and I always like the drunk people staring at the light fixtures hanging over the tables.  There's seating on the back patio and a small area that runs behind the bar, open to the outside.  Easy access to a bartender, fresh air, and a good view of the Mill Avenue people and their antics always makes for a good time.Unfortunately, I have not tried any food yet.  I've heard nothing but good things though, so I'm still hoping to catch a Happy Hour for some tacos soon!
2	We all need to be honest with ourselves: Canteen is just not very good. We have been lying to ourselves about its quality for far too long and we all need an intervention or something. We all want Canteen to be good, because it has helped usher in a slightly more upscale version of Mill with fare that is not your usual college bar. We can agree to give it points for that, but little else. Nothing about Canteen justifies its absurdly-priced margaritas, as 9 bucks for tequila-tinged kool-aid is a farce. We all have had better margaritas and we all know that Canteen's margs spend all day marinating in a pre-mixed jug. The beer selection is hardly impressive (even for Mill) and the staff is a synapse or two above catatonic.We don't really like Canteen's happy hour anyways, because Z Tejas' is better. We've all had better tacos just about anywhere, because we live in Arizona, a place where tacos rain down on us like a rap video. We don't like Canteen's dance floor or its patio, because both are poorly designed, overcrowded, and noisy to the point of making Nine Inch Nails seem timid. We want to like Canteen, because its better than Zuma, but everything is better than Zuma. I once drank a forty at a bus stop and it was better than Zuma. We have to be willing to accept Canteen as a gateway to a better Mill Ave, but not a truly good bar.I know we can do this together, Tempe. We have to stop pretending that Canteen is a quality establishment and we have to do the right thing: drink tequila at real tequila bars.
3	I had heard good things about Canteen, so a group of us decided to try it out before our show at the Improv.  It being summer and all we had no intention of sitting outside, but we had no idea that Canteen doesn't have real tables inside!  They are set up more like a lounge; there are benches with what I guess they intend to be tables about foot off the ground between all the benches.  This is fine if you are just going or some drinks, but as we were going for dinner, this made things quite complicated.  Tacos can be a messy food to eat, with sauces and toppings dripping out of the shell, so the lack of a proper table posed a problem!  In months where the temperature here is below 90 degrees, there are plenty of patio tables, that are of normal height, just not sure what the intention is on the inside?With all that being said, the food was actually really good, we tried a variety of tacos, a torta and the enchiladas and everyone like the food.  We didn't really get into any drinks because we were going to the Improv and they have a drink minimum, but their selection was wide.I am not sure I will have a chance to try Canteen again, as the hostess told us they are closing next month...maybe they are remodeling...regular tables...or maybe they are closing?  Not sure, but either way, I won't gamble until it is patio weather.
2	VERY small portions.
3	I just want to preface this review by pointing out that I'm talking about Canteen at night instead of Canteen during the day. I do have every intention of seeing what it's like when it isn't being another Mill Ave club, but that's a review for another day.Canteen just really isn't my scene. The music's a touch too loud inside, so it's impossible to hear anyone speak. And the whole $10 card minimum sucks if all you want is a shot. And, to be completely honest, I prefer the patio to the inside of the bar. Which isn't to say that Canteen's a bad place. Their margaritas are delicious and while $9 is a little much to pay for a shot of Patron, it also isn't the most I've paid for one.
2	Caught happy hour here on Sunday. The service was ok and the decor is great. Very nice looking place. The portions of the food are terrible. Even for happy hour they are very small. I had a Margarita and it was really strong, a plus for alot of people, but a negative for me. Overall I probably won't ever come back. Just not for me, better places to go to.
2	I'll preface this review by saying that I was there on a Saturday night, and the place was pretty packed and loud. I have no idea what this place is like during the day, but if you're like me and don't enjoy strangers bumping into you every 30 seconds, don't go on a Saturday night.This brings me to the important part of my review, which is how I almost had to throw down with some v-neck clad, Jersey Shore hopeful who felt it necessary to almost knock my girlfriend and I down as he walked past. I guess he didn't like the fact that I pushed back to avoid falling into the table my friends were sitting at, because he got into a staring contest with me, trying to size me up. Personally, I don't care who you are; there is no excuse for acting like that, especially to a lady, and then trying to get in my face about it because I didn't allow you to manhandle me. I told him if he tried that again, we could finish the conversation outside. I guess he knew better than to try anything when security guards are near, because he left. That being said, there's a high risk of these incidents happening in places like these, where there is absolutely no room to walk by, people are drunk and ignorant, and egos are running high. It takes away from an otherwise enjoyable experience. The music was good, the beer was cold, and my friends and I had a great time. However, due to that incident I had, I don't see myself going back. It's a shame because it is otherwise a pretty cool place.
1	i've been going to canteen for 3 years now. recently they introduced the 10$ minimum on credit/debit cards. however, i honestly forgot my card at canteen yesterday  while bar hopping on mill and when i went back to get my card, i saw a $6.00 charge. when i questioned the charge, both the bartenders at the back bar and the manager say " im sorry but thats a credit card charge because its a $10 minimum we cant do anything about that sorry". i tried to reason with them saying "im sorry i did not know, but ive been coming here for 3 years now", however, both the bartenders respond "im sorry honey, but the $10 minimum has been going on since we opened". i tip very well when i am at canteen at over %25, but i guess non of them care. the manager just stood next to me  without saying a word just looking at me. he goes "sorry, this is how it is". my advice is go to canteen to have a good time, but please please please do not buy a drink at all. they will rip you off, go to cue club across the street to buy a drink (5$ long islands). canteen is trying to take advantage of robbie's not getting any business.
5	I love this place day and night.  During the day the food is great specifically the  pork tacos and onion rings.  At night this place is one of the best bars on Mill Ave with great music to dance too!!
4	Went to the Canteen for a Meetup and I had a good time. It's a nice hangout and the atmosphere does contribute to mingle due to open areas and smaller seating arrangements. Our poor waitress had to bob and weave between the group members everytime to check or deliver - she did it with a subtle smile.I found the service to be very good, and the happy hour menu well populated.  I didn't dive too deep into the menu, but I had a few drinks and that went off without a hitch. I don't recommend the guacamole - not that there is anything wrong with it, but it's not like a place where the guacamole is.. you know, just that good.The wait staff is cute and attentive, I have no complains here at all. The place is clean and well laid out. If I have a complaint, then it has to be that it was a little loud for people to mingle. This can be a pro and a con, because that means that smaller groups naturally develop and that is good.  As I haven't been here at night, but I must say that for a Happy Hour event - this place is to recommend. Absolutely! Now we just have to see how long this place stays open, before it turns into something hipper and obnoxious... und das ist meiner bescheidenen meinung nach.
2	Stopped in for a quick drink. I wanted tequila, but not a margarita and late-night, there was no drink menu around so I stuck with vodka soda, which ended up being a vodka water sans lime I sucked down before we got out of there! The mixed drinks were served in small plastic cups and the vinyl banquette we sat on was peeling like an old school bus seat! It has potential to be such a beautiful lounge with the dark spaces and open bar, but those details just made it seem cheap and uncared for. This has been on my check it out list for a while, but turns out I wasn't missing much!
2	The tables in the bar area are super small, so don't plan on getting much food. It won't fit. The tacos were pretty good, except the veggie one. They are going out of business, so they don't have all of the liquors listed on the menu. Slow service. Ambience is somewhere between modern and college with color changing bar lights.
4	Had the housemade fresh guacamole, canteen French fries and the house margarita and they were absolutely delicious and on their happy hour so great prices! The service was on point and the ambience and decor was great! Definitely see myself coming here more often
3	the steak tacos are very flavorful, the fish tacos flavorful, the onion rings pretty good, they offer some unique salsa. straight up good food.the waiters/severs/bartenders are hit or miss. some have great personalities and some have very poor customer service or act snobby. gorgeous women work there but some seem antisocial. if you are from out of town dont happen to order water be warned this place does not have decent distilled or filtered water, and usually they don't care and will push thier 4 Dollar glass bottled water. awesome food, but customer service is inconsistent.  4 stars for the food, 2 stars for the customer service
4	go there for the MEZCAL since you do not find it at most places
2	I really had high hopes for this place. I LOVE margaritas, and that hibiscus tequila looked totally bomb... but I never actually got to try anything the last time.Went in a long time ago with a group of friends for some steak tacos which were pretty good. Didn't have any drinks at the time since it was business friends, but we got great service since my husband's coworker was a regular and very friendly with the waitresses.I came in alone hoping to catch a friend at the end of her shift, but she'd already left. Whatever, I figure I'll sit and get a drink. It's happy hour, no big. I go to the open seating area. A bunch of waitresses walk by, give me weird looks but no one comes by for 20 minutes.Finally, waitress comes up and asks me to move to another seat. Okay, I'm cool with that. I move, wait ANOTHER 20 minutes or so. Still no waitress,. Happy hour is almost over.Again, girl comes up, asks me to move. I do, but ask the girl, Hey, can YOU get me a margarita? I'm dying over here and Happy Hour's almost up. Sure thing, she says. I wait another 15 minutes. No drink. Waitress hasn't sent in the order, she's giggling and flipping her hair at the (admittedly attractive) guy working behind the bar.I head out. This girl's game is obviously more important than her patron. The hostess looks concerned as I leave. At least SHE was paying attention.I might stop by there again if I was with a group of my good-looking male buddies, but probably not on my own as a mildly attractive female.
1	Horrible. I have been to this place several times and every time it gets worse. My friend and I walked up to the hostess and instead of her greeting us, we had to greet her! She gave us a dirty look because we must have interrupted her and then led us outside past several "clean" tables to a dirty table. She gave us our menus which I could barely even read! All the ink was faded and the menus were dirty! Why even keep menus like that? I ordered the Sonoran margarita which was extremely sugary. For food, I ordered the carne Asada street tacos. They would have been fine but the flour tortillas were hard. I couldn't even eat them!As we were eating the employees were throwing, yes throwing, couches behind the five guys restaurant next door. If I was the owner, I'd be pissed.I guess this place doesn't pride themselves on food, customer service, and atmosphere anymore.
3	Hate how the happy hour ends at 7! But If your a tequila person it is on point! I'm sad to see this place close down just a tad bir! It's going to be El Hefe! Which is a cool kick back bar tequila place replacing it. There's also one in Scottsdale! I usually get the chicken tacos and the must get is the chips and salsa comes with 3 salsas all very good and different on how you like it! The place is very modern indoor and outdoor is nice! Mill avenue feel. The decor and lighting Is also Interesting and the work crew I rate alright it really depends on who serves you to be a good time
4	Decided to take a walk on Mill on this beautiful Friday, was craving chips and salsa and wanted to sit outside to enjoy the weather so the roommate and I decided to try something new and came here. First impressions are a big deal, right?! Well tell that to the hostess Danielle, actually don't just tell her, retrain her. Upon entering we asked for a "front" patio seat and she tried to talk us out of it. From a customer service perspective that's not GREAT customer service. I don't even think that's good customer service. You're supposed to accommodate and cater to the customer. After asking the SERVER if it was "okay" she then said "yeah, I can" & took us to a different table then we asked for. Disappointing. Then the 2 gentlemen behind us asked her for the same thing! And through the window we could see by her hand movement and body language she was telling them the same thing she told us! They just wanted what we wanted both us and the gentlemen did not care we JUST wanted to sit outside and enjoy the weather, food, & ppl watch. We were both very low maintenance. If I based my experience on first impression I would NOT be back. However, lucky it was a nice day and the server was cool, very relaxed yet friendly. Menu was simple. Prices were great. *i would have rated this 3.5 but didn't have that option.
3	Food is hit or miss. First time I ate here, the tacos were good. Second time, the meat wasn't a good cut. Time for better QC.
1	Horrible service. I went for dinner and barely even made it to a chair. There was no line at all, but it still took the hostess a minute to get to us because she had some very important business to attend to on her cell phone. When she was done texting, or snap chatting or whatever, we requested a patio seat because the weather was nice. She pointed backward and let us know the "back bar" was open. And that's how we were seated. So my boyfriend and I wandered back, while the hostess did not budge. We arrived at what we assume was the "back bar" and sat for a couple minutes at a table near the bar, in plain view of a bartender. A server never appeared and the hostess left a bad taste in our mouths so we left and went to z tejas around the corner, where we were actually seated and waited on. Imagine that.
5	Great service! Our waitress was great. Early Friday night before the crowds; the atmosphere was relaxed and the music volume good.  I had the tacos on the appetizer menu for $6.  3 tacos for $6, isn't bad for good bar fare.
