5	If you love Pinball, this place is Mecca.   I have fond memories of a younger me playing pinball and not worrying about anything in the world.   This is a special place in Las Vegas where you are sure to get a good pay-out for your quarters.  Heck, we had so much fun there and it only ended up running us about $5 per hour.   Where else can you get that much fun for the buck?As a bonus, the guys who work there are very friendly and helpful.   On top of that, they keep these old machines in top working shape.   It's great to see these 10-20-30 or more year old machines working as good as new.   What a special treat.   And what's really a truly amazing bonus is that this place is non-profit.   That's right.   After their operating expenses are met, they donate the rest of the money to charity.   These guys are totally awesome!    Way to go Pinball Hall of Fame.   Each trip to Sin City will now include a visit.*** Update 13-Mar-07 ***Ok, this place deserves 6 stars.   I went there last night to enjoy a few more games before a night of gambling.   What they do is leave the overhead lights off.   The lighting is coming from the games.   What a really cool way to play!   The whole room takes on this super mellow feel to it.    Great job!**** Update 03 - June - 10 ****Was back in Las Vegas last month and checked out the new location.  Wow... it's a much bigger place with more games.   That's pretty cool.   One thing they are starting to do is to replace the old style light bulbs in the machines with cool white LEDs.   It gives the machines a warm, friendly glow and they draw much less current.   This place is still a small slice of heaven!   Good job guys!
5	When I first heard this place was opening, I literally got butterflies in my stomach.  I am a serious dork for pinball.  That doesn't mean I'm any good at it, but I do love to play.  Situated next to the Tropicana Cinemas on Tropicana and Pecos, this generously sized museum is a gold mine of fun for gamers of any type and any age.  In addition to 130+ vintage to brand-spanking new pinball machines, there are old rifle games, old driving games, and games like Crazy Climber and Paperboy to take the Gen Xers back to their childhood.  The Pinball Hall of Fame proves a few things: 1) Having a pocketful of quarters in an arcade is an awesome feeling, no matter if you're 6 or 60 2) Everyone, and I mean everyone, turns into a Who-whistling nerd the instant they spot the Captain Fantastic machine with its Elton John caricature and 3) the Waterworld pinball machine is significantly better than the movie.  In addition to an unparalleled kickass time, the PHoF runs under a not-for-profit license, which means that all proceeds go to charity.  Now, doesn't that just make you feel all warm and fuzzy inside?
5	You have to, have to, have to go here!  On a recent trip to Las Vegas, I wanted my friend that lives there to take me somewhere where the locals hangout and this was our first stop.   I can't believe how many pinball games are here and the excellent condition.  I had forgotten so many of them but as I walked down the aisles it all came back.  The art work on the rear glass and cabinet, that loud "thwack" for earning an extra game, feeling flipper button action...  pant, pant..   so I got a bit carried away.Needless to say, the highlight of my time in Las Vegas.  I can't wait to go back.
5	This place is hands-down the best arcade in the Valley!  The games are affordable and the pinball is great!  I'm 16 and pinball was the first game I ever learned how to play in an arcade.  I never knew that the older ones were so much different than the new ones.  I enjoy them even more!  The Pinball Museum is really great and I love it so much.  It is always a lot of fun.
4	When I was growing up, pinball machines were considered to be just a little bit unsavory.  That didn't stop this six year old from standing on an orange crate (so he could see over the top of the machine), sticking in his hard earned (well, hard begged for) nickel, and shaking the hell out of the machine.  Fond memories!  Las Vegas now has a place where one can relive those tender, juvenile-delinquent-wanna-be moments.  It's the Pinball Hall of Fame.This is a museum containing nearly 200 pinball machines, some dating back to the 1950's or earlier.  Now here's the really good part - you get to play the machines.  It's twenty five cents for the older machines, fifty cents for the newer ones.  This is way cheaper than the casinos.  If you in any way had a misspent youth, or wish you had a misspent youth, then you owe it to yourself to visit this place.
5	The boy and I went to Vegas for his birthday.  Not to gamble, not to drink.  To go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.  We spent the whole weekend there.  It was pretty fun, I have to admit.  They have row after row of *playable* pinball machines.  Surprisingly, I really enjoyed playing the older machines where it's more about chance and less about skill.  The games where you get see the electric jolts and hear the little metal bells.  I also really liked playing "Pinball Circus," a prototype machine that never got made and of which there are only two in existence.  That particular machine did cost $1.00 per game, but you get 5 balls and I scored a few replays.  The newer machines are either $0.50-$0.75 per game, and the older machines are just $0.25 per game.  We brought my 9-year-old niece along for a few hours and she really liked playing on the "ping pong" machines too.My only suggestion would be a snack bar with chairs.  I mean, when you're playing pinball for several hours straight, it would be nice to sit and relax for a few minutes with a sody pop.
4	Hubby saw this place on yelp and wanted to visit. I've never been a fan of pinball machines, but I went along just for the ride. It was situated in a tacky strip mall pretty common off the Vegas strip. Once inside, the machines were lined up in 5 or 6 rows from the vintage to the new. Lil guy who's never played pinball before proceeded to play, and I was surprised that he wasn't half bad. Hubby went off on his own to play some vintage machines. We didn't spend too much time in there and I didn't play any games, but to see the look on both hubby and lil guy's faces was just priceless.
5	If you're in Vegas, a visit to the Pinball Hall of Fame is worth the cost of renting a car to get there. I'm no pinball wizard, but I love to play and anyone mildly interested in it could easily kill a few hours here.Take a walk around before you start playing - this is easily the most impressive collection of working pinball machines under one roof. The H of F houses everything from the original KISS machine to Evil Knievel to Elton John's "Captain Fantastic" and (my personal favorite) the PUNK pinball machine. Try your hand at playing one of the relics and then move on to some more recent machines (Pirates of the Caribbean and Family Guy) - the older machines are $1.25 for 5 balls and some of the recent machines are a bit more.Either way, you'll have more fun pumping quarters into these machines and $20 will last longer here than at Slots of Fun.
5	Jimbo DIED and went to PINBALL HEAVEN ! ! !Pinball ALERT !PINBALL Alert !pinBall alErt !This place is about one thing and one thing only:  PINBALL !!!  I saved my 400th review for this gem.  This would be Pinball HELL if I was stuck here with no quarters...I should also mention I have a bi-coastal list of pinball spots here:  http://www.yelp.com/list_details?list_id=gGDHjDE7A5YYZVCctiC7ywThe closest (i would assume) to the Pinball Hall of Fame in LV is LUCKY Ju Ju in Alameda, Carlifornia (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/0QlH001-SzzfwwuLoS8B7g ), which I hope to get to see for myself before heading back to NYC.Why can't they have something like this in every major city in the United Staes? Pinball machines are works of ART in their own right from the translite work, to the cabinet art work, to the back box, and upon the playfield. I especially LOVE the art on the machines from the 50's. I think I've found my mission in life...The Pinball Hall of Fame is about 20 minutes from the Strip if you're coming from the Mandalay Bay area.  Parking is plentiful in this non-descript strip mall.  On the two occasions I visited there were only a handful of people playing the various machines.  Most of them are VERY well maintained, cleaned, polished, restored, and in excellent working order for machines that are on 24/7.  This place is a labor of love and it shows.  All proceeds go to charity - I believe the Salvation Army.  I'll update the review eventually with all of the machines I got to play.  However my all-time favorite is:    + The Pinball Circus (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=4354 )There are only two of these in the world and the Pinball Hall of Fame has ONE of them!!!  This machine is awesome!  It's unique in that Midway created a machine that was upright and vertical in the same way as other coin-op video games versus the traditional horizontal playfield.  There's three different playfields and at least 7 flippers on this particular pin.  Incredibly unique and incredibly fun to play for $1.00 per game.  I was able to get 2 free games based on one credit. All I know is that if this game were still on the open resale market or available brand new, I'd have one in my house!  I love it that much.  Too bad Midway is now out of business.  I really wish this machine was not just a limited prototype and was actually mass produced.  Most of the old-school pinball machines (ie: electro-mechanical (EM's)) are $.25.  The solid-state machines are either $.50 or $.75 per game.  Unfortunately, I didn't get to play all 170+ machines.  Each one has a different "personality" and set of rules.  I could easily waste the entire day at this place. The machines I typically gravitate to and would be compelled to collect are those produced in the 90's like:    + Addams Family (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=20 )   + Scared Stiff (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=3915 )   + Star Wars (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=2358 )For those produced after the Year 2000 - all produced by STERN (see: www.sternpinball.com ):    + High Roller Casino (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=4502 )   + The Simpsons Pinball Party (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=4674 )   + Spiderman (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=5237 ) The Electro-Mechanicals (EM's) are a special breed of machine that doesn't have all the gadgets or high speed of the newer solid state machines.  The best value for your quarter can be found in the EM's.  While I have a preference for the later generation machines, it's so easy to appreciate the old school EM machines because of the great care put into maintaining and upkeep of these beautiful machines.  My favs:      + Kings and Queens (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=1381 )    + others...I absolutely LOVE the Pinball Hall of Fame.  If you're in Sin City and not a golfer, gambler, or shopper and looking for something unique to see and experience, check out the Pinball Hall of Fame!  Absolute 5 STARS...pix laters!  =P
5	If you're seeking a respite from the casinos then this is a great way to spend some time checking out and playing the impressive spread of pinball machines from the past and present. They recondition old pinball machines on the premises so you'll likely see someone working on one in the back corner. You can tell they take great pains to bring the old ones back to playable condition. Playing on a 1940's machine with hardwood sides is a treat. WIth all the pinball machines around you can see the progression for each decade; from the analog to the digital readouts. From simple boards with 2 flippers to multi-tiered boards with 6 flippers. Some of machines have their history written on a 4x6 card which is taped to them. Some also have price tags if you wish to buy them. Best of all is that most of the machines are only a quarter to play them. AND some offer the original ball allotment which can mean up to 5 balls or more per quarter. $10 worth of quarters can easily last you a couple of hours.
5	Thanks to Anita's review I found out about this little gem.  My husband LOVES pinball so I planned this outing "off the strip" last night.  It was a Thursday around 8:30 p.m. and it was pretty quiet.  My man died and went to little boy in an arcade heaven.  Many of the games he used to play in the 60's were there and in beautiful shape.  Many of the games I played in the 80's were there, including Pac Man, Centipede and air hockey.  Everything was soooo cool.  Some of the old machines have info cards on them to read about the history.It was a $20 cab ride from the strip and we were able to track down a taxi from the gas station on the corner within minutes.  It is in a pretty shady part of Las Vegas at 10 p.m. (at least for a girl from O.C.) .Make you boyfriend/hubby happy and bring him here!!!
5	On a recent trip to Vegas with the boyfriend, we rented a car to go to the pinball hall of fame.  Completely worth it (and having freedom in vegas too).Many rows of WORKING pinball machines that were FUN to play.  Lots of different flavors of pinball to keep everyone in the group happy for at least an hour .. even longer if they're into pinball.A definite stop for each visit to vegas in the future.  Plan for at least an hour to explore.From the strip: Tropicana east a few miles, U-turn at Pecos, right into shopping center.
4	wait, so who goes to vegas to stay inside and play PINBALL? (whatever, you're gonna stay inside and gamble otherwise, right?)We rented a car specifically to visit this place. What a blast! I'm so much better at pinball than video games. I mean, I'm GOOD at pinball. We played until my arm was too sore to pull the little ball launcher. It's just not the same when you push the button.A great way to not spend many hundreds of $$$ on poker and slots. oh! and there's a chicago style hot dog stand on the way back between here and the strip.
5	Just do it. You know you want to. Ignore the mild sketchiness of the strip mall and get your pinball on. I love this place. My boyfriend and I trekked out here for the first time when we had time to kill before picking up someone at the airport and it was so much fun. We were back again within a week. And I plan on taking some other friends there in a few weeks. There's games from the 60's to today, and most of the games are only 50 cents a pop (some of the older ones are 25 cents, and some newer ones 75 cents to a buck.) You can easily spend an hour here on $5. This place needs as much support as possible to make sure it stays afloat. Stopping by the Red Hookah Lounge next door is a great way to wind down after swearing at the Shaq Attack game. :)
5	I know nothing about pinball. I suck at pinball. And I've lost so much money here. But... I LOVE IT.It's beautiful.It's got that smell of "old" like an antique shop.The space itself is nothing special but it's all the blinky lights, bleeps and tinks that make this an amazing place.Be sure to play the 2 story prototype Big Top pinball machine. It's fantastic! My 1 1/2 year old was glossy-eyed!
5	Too fun! A fav! :)
5	My Japanese wife had one word for this place.  That word was "otaku".  What a weird/interesting/cool place this was.  Conveniently next to a comic book store!  I was wondering if I was going to see Harvey Pekar around the corner.   This place might be a little scary at 11pm on a Tues night hahaha.
5	day 15 of my nation wide tourso i came to the great pinball hall of fame. susan told me about this spot. and it was what i thought. an homage to all the old pinball and classic arcade games. like ground kontrol but more expansive yet no alcohol. and all the games are fully functional and they had some old games i had never seen before. it was the best 1.25 i ever spent. you just spend money and lose it and have fun, which is like gambling cept the fun part.and i still lost on punch out. ouch!
5	Folks know I have a problem with the pinball, and many tell me of this place.  I have been a few times, and honestly I prefer Shorty's in Seattle, Lucky Juju in Alameda, CA, and Castles and Coasters in Phoenix for all-I-can-play pinball.  Pinball festivals (and there are many) are even better.The great mix of older machines (clunkies), new machines, prototype and rare games, and the general historical vibe make the PHoF a great experience in its own right.  My burn rate here is way lower than in the casinos, which is nice.The first time I was there, there were a lot of games that needed repairs; this has improved markedly on subsequent visits.  The 201 bus will get you there and back for a pittance.
5	I'm in agreement, I know nothing of pinball except that they appear to be a dying form of entertainment.  Because of all the previous reviews (all fabulous), I had to take the BF here for a surprise...I mean, what person wouldn't think a pinball museum wouldn't be cool?He spent all night taking random guesses as to where I could be taking him, imagine his surprise when we showed here!  (We actually have been this in area before, for the Red Hookah Lounge and the Putter's!  But we never noticed the Pinball Museum!)After taking a quick walk through all the old games and reading the interesting handwritten tidbits about the older machines, we got to playing!  I came prepared, and loaded with quarters.  We were looking for games with the most chances for "multi-ball" action and had the most twists and twirls in the machines.  We even tried out that very unique pinball machine that is built upward (the circus themed one).  Thank goodness for the "Saved Ball" because I suck at pinball and lose it within the first 10 seconds! This is definitely a very unique place to be.  The history of these machines, as well as making it an interactive museum for all ages, is reason alone to come.  And what better way to spend an evening than dropping a few quarters, watching a few balls roll around, and having a couple of sore fingers?  Only complaint, I think the place needs a bit more lighting.  We couldn't see some of the details of the pinball machines because it's so dark.  Also, can someone please install an antibacterial dispenser by the entrance?
5	Eat it, wii - THIS is gaming.  If the idea of a hundred odd pinball machines from the 60's to today interests you even a little, you have to go here.  Wide selection of machines, and though most show some wear, each game's mechanics are in fine playable shape.  Also kind of interesting to alternate between high-tech recent games and the more basic older models.  There are also coin-op video games, air hockey, and those ancient baseball machines where your flipper sends the ball into back-wall flaps determining result of your hit.  (Must ... fight back ... geekiness.)  This is also the only arcade I've ever been to that has NPR playing.If you're curious about pinball history, there are index cards on most machines, and the guy in charge on Sunday is happy to share trivia and enthusiasm with visitors.  The HOF's website has a list of games supposedly there, but some machines get switched in and out; like, Old Chicago was MIA, but Kiss was in the house, so no complaints.      From The Strip, take the 201 bus straight down Tropicana to Pecos.  It's about a 25 minute ride.  Oh, plus the place has plenty of change machines, including one that will take 20s and give you three 5s and the rest in coin; don't know about bigger bills.  (EDIT:  Museum has since moved - still on Trop, but closer to Strip now.)Plus, I'm current #4 scorer and Roof Champion on the Who Dunnit machine.  Fuck yeah.
5	This place is so Effin cool.  Choose your dork poison:- Simpsons pinball: I love it when Apu says "How is it that you are always so good my friend?"  Because I'm your daddy Apu, that's how. And yes that was a "humdinger".- Family Guy pinball: this is the easiest one, best for beginners, also very funny.- Austin Powers pinball: best voiceovers.  "Get in mah belly"  - Gilligans Island pinball?!  Yes.- Tons of esoteric 50s pinball games too.    - Oh yeah in the back they also have a couple of 80s arcade classics like Centipede, Pacman, Super Mario Bros.  For the old schoolers.Very fun.
5	This is one of my favorite places in Vegas because it is a little-known, off the strip, great way to spend a few of the daytime hours playing old school pinball machines (and some new ones) and arcade games.  My favorite is playing arcade Super Mario Bros.  You need to have cash, but they have a change machine so you can get your quarters.  They have a huge room filled with games, and you can play them all.  If you're looking for something to do other than shopping and walking the strip, take a quick drive and play some games.  You're probably going to lose your money at a slot machine anyway - and sometimes this is more fun!
5	Love it! I needed something to inspire me to get back on Yelp, and this was the perfect place to do it!  I played all of my favorite old school video games like: Ms. Pacman, Tetris, and Donkey Kong.  I played old school pinball games and some newer ones.  I loved the way the older pinball machines felt.  I can't describe it, it's just something you have to experience yourself.  A perfect way to lose yourself for a couple hours on a rainy weekend afternoon or any afternoon.  The lighting is dim and perfect.  I think it would be the perfect place to take a date to act a little silly and get to know someone a little better...any volunteers?
4	Fun place to spend an afternoon.
5	Bring a roll of quarters and go to town.  The pinball hall of fame is mega-ultra radical.  I can't think of a more simple yet fun place in Las Vegas.  There's pinball machines from various decades fully restored and in great playing shape.  There's also classic video games like pac-man, teenage mutant ninja turtles, paperboy, street fighter, the list goes on.  Some old school nintendo games are here in arcade version such as mario bros. and punch out.  You'll also find a few of the newer games as well.  Another bright spot is that many of the games are truly just a quarter.  Not like video games at a movie theatre arcade that are a buck or more a pop.   So many great things can be said about the Pinball Hall of Fame but here's the kicker --- the people who run it take all the money, cover their costs and donate the rest to local charities!
5	Pinball?  More like Sinball.I can't think of anything that signifies the devil's handiwork more effectively than the flashing lights and scandalous graphics displayed all over this Hall of Shame.  Apologize to my face!  Throbbing flippers and giant shiny balls are clearly synonymous with devil sceptres and demon genitals, and it is wrong, wrong, wrong!  If these obvious metaphors don't immediately make you sick upon entering this bastion of evil, then the smell of sweaty, soulless nerds most certainly will.The only saving grace of this fiery Hell pit is their pastrami sandwich, which had the perfect amount of meat, crispy fresh sauerkraut, and deliciously buttered sourdough bread on the outside.  But as soon as you're finished with your sandwich, run as far as you can from this demonic game parlor!  Save your soul!  Don't forget your debit card!
5	Disclaimer: I'm involved with the Pinball Hall of Fame.Disclaimer: You suck if you don't like the Pinball Hall of Fame. Seriously.There's not much else that could be more right about the PHoF. A few hundred meticulously maintained pinball machines spanning 6 or so decades, vintage video games, air conditioning and ample parking - what else can you want? Oh yeah, Yoo Hoo. They usually have that too. There is seriously no place like it in the entire world. The guys who run it, Tim and his man Friday, The Hippy, are awesome characters, and seeing as how neither of them make a dime from this enterprise, they clearly have their hearts in the right place. Oh, you weren't aware that the PHoF is a charity? Well, it sure as shit is! One more reason to drop some quarters.Yeah, it's not in the most fantastic part of town. But it isn't a bad drive from most places in the valley. Yes, the carpet is remnants left-over from a casino or something. Who cares? It's about the pinball. Tim keeps the machines in excellent playing condition, and is constantly adding new games to the mix. There are machines dating back to before you were born all the way up to today. Including some extremely rare (one off, even!) games that you can't see, nevermind play, anywhere. And most of the games have little tags on them that tell the history of it, which can be surprisingly fascinating. I don't know what else to say without sounding like a total shill. (Really, I'm only half a shill). Go give the place a once around. If you're into pinball, video games, history or even kitsch, the Pinball Hall of Fame has something for you.
3	I'm so sorry I can only give this place 3 stars... but the air conditioner was broken when we were there!  The owner apologized , but they really should have just closed up for the day rather than proping the doors open and inviting people in... it was honestly 100 degrees in there.  I felt like I was gonna faint!  Also, most of the games were shut off... is that normal, are you just supposed to look at them?After reading all the reviews I was so excited to spend the afternoon playing.  They have an astounding selection of machines and I love video games, but it wasn't meant to be.  We got through about 3 games before we called it quits and left with trails of sweat running down our backs.I know this is totally a 5-star place on a good day.  I hope to come back some day and be able to amend my review, but in the meantime I'll have to stand by my 3 stars and chalk it up to bad luck.
5	A really great way to kill an entire afternoon, I put a tenner in the no-Saddam-dollar changer and wandered around for a good three hours.It was interesting to see the older machines. I found the vintage baseball games to be really entertaining.My other favorites were the Simpson's Pinball Party because, uh, well, it's hard not to find that one to be funny. Also, the King Pin bowling game, Indiana Jones with the gun ball launcher, and Medieval Madness where your goal is to destroy a castle.With that big of a collection, you're able to compare each manufacturer's machines. And it was interesting to play the same Captain Fantastic game we have in our basement to compare the different feel of each machine.They also have a bunch of classic arcade style games to excite your inner geek.One tip is that if you're not local, and coming to the PHoF from The Strip, it's easy to get a taxi there but a lot of the companies can't be bothered to come out to do a pick-up on the way back. Unless you make specific arrangements with your cabbie, you'll probably end up taking the bus back. How you'll feel about this depends on how hot it is, how many children you are traveling with, and how surly the bus driver is. It's a very complex equation.
5	I had to do this place again because it's so great.  Five to play:1. Family Guy is still the best.  Oh wait no Austin Powers is.  I just want some freeakin sharks with freaaaakin lasers attached to their heads!!  it's got all the best lines from that movie - that sh_t kills me2. Star Trek (original and Next Gen) is solid.  A little tougher but worth it.  It's got Scotty.3. Creature from the Black Lagoon is so kitsche awesome.  Easier too than most4. Medieval Madness riffs on the French castle dwellers from Monty Python and the Holy Grail nicely5. Jeopardy pinball - like my ex girlfriend, needs to be played by everyone at least oncePlus according to Matt C:http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=21KWy-JENq6xVEly5xki0AAll proceeds after expenses from this place go to the Salvation Army.  That's gotta be some good karma for someone.
5	One phrase: "Doctor Who Pinball Machine"
5	Just putting in another good word.AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!There's even a vertical pinball game, I almost threw out my shoulder trying to make those damn flippers get the ball higher.My favorite, though, was FUNHOUSE.  There is even a little hand made sign that says "Put your balls in Rudy's mouth."  What's not to love!??It's completely non-profit, believe it. Don't miss this place!  They even have a bunch of 80's arcade games in the last row.    My only word of caution is, there are little kids around, so if you swear a lot when you play, as i do, you might want to wear some kind of gag.
5	Great time had by all!Reminded me of my junir high days throwing quarters into the games at the bowling alley.
5	If you like pinball, this place is as good as it gets. They have over 200 pins dating back to the 1930's. They have many of my favorites from when I was a kid, plus they have a decent selection of the more current games. They also have some vintage arcade games like Donkey Kong, Tetris, Centipede, Asteroids and Track & Field.Here's some of the pins you can find at the HoF:- Creature from the Black Lagoon - Funhouse- Pinbot- Star Trek (all 3 versions)- Elvira- Shrek- Batman, The Dark Knight- Indiana Jones- Flash- Black Knight- KissSo, so, so many others to choose from.One other thing to note, if you want to have a private party after hours, just give them a call and they'll hook you up.I'll see you there (we go roughly once a week)
5	One of the best things in Vegas.  Its weird and wacky and low rent and FAB.  We had a blast on $3 worth of quarters.  Way  better than slot machines!   It's like a hands-on museum. The range of machines was incredible, and the proprietor has made little handwritten signs detailing the history of each one. Obviously a labor of love, which makes it that much better.  No matter what your poison is, he's got it. I loved the super old ones that give you 5 balls for a quarter, but there's also a brand new Batman:The Dark Knight game.  When you're sick of casinos, take a breather and come here.
5	If this place was in New York, I would be unemployed and out on the street begging people for quarters just to satisfy my pinball habit.This is seriously one of the greatest places I've ever been to.  The building itself is rundown and nothing to look at it, but there are so many pinball machines and you can play them all! (And most of them are reasonably priced)  If you love pinball, this is a must.  I could have lived here.  There was an Elton John pinball machine!  A Ted Nugent pinball machine!  Various Super Mario pinball machines!  All of the pinball machines I recalled playing when I was younger (like the Addams Family one!)I love this place!
5	On one of our visits to LV, the bf and I spent more time in the PHOF than the casinos!!  That is how cool this place is!The PHOF is a pinballer's dream come true!  Bring lots of quarters and some antibacterial gel.  Some of the machines are googy and a germ phobe like me has some issues in this place.  However, upon setting my eyes on Funhouse and the like, my deep seated germ issues went to the wayside while I tried to advance the clock!There is a vending machine with lots of soda choices and its cheap too!I can't wait to visit again!
5	If I could award 6 stars I would.  Probably one of the best collections of pinball anywhere.  They have one of the two Pinball Circus machines in existence. Need I say more?  The cool things:  Bottled water in a vending machine - .50 cents.  The crane games have toys you can actually grab.  It isn't just pinball, they also have EM (Electromechanical) arcade games from the 60's and 70's.   Tim is a nice guy, a bit odd and stand-offish to strangers at first but he soon warms up to you.
5	This museum is in the middle of a crappy corner mall.  But who cares.  Holy shit batman!, besides the pinball machines, they have Paperboy, punchout, tetris, and that old olympics game where you hit the buttons really fast to run.  I think I spent about $20!  I couldn't believe it myself.  Luckily I had a crapload of quarters that I keep I the car for meters.  Obviously I used them all.  When I walked in and started looking around I could feel my panties getting wet.  I couldn't believe it myself.  I saw all the old games I used to play as a kid.  And some of those that I didn't, cuz I didn't grow up with a silver spoon or a bmw when I turned 17.   I played a bunch but I kept ending up at south park machine.  It has 4 buttons.  The bottom 2 let you block off the "gutters" and between the flippers.  How truly awesome.  And if your ball drops really quick sometimes it will automatically give you another free ball!  I kept on laughing the first time I played, cuz it kept on talking south park smack.  "Damn woman, I just gave you sweet loving 15 min. ago"  If I had to buy a pinball game, this would be the one.  The other pinball machines ate my money too fast.  The new ones our front were all .75, so I stayed away.  I guess I still like getting value for my money even though I can afford it now.  haha.  Well the good thing is that the money goes to charity.  Yes the receipts are on the wall!  I'm coming to this place every time I go to vegas!
5	Best kept secret in Las Vegas. 25 cents to play. take $10 and spend the entire day going back in time. Right next to the VERY cheap tropicana Cinema. Sodas & water 50 cents. More than a museum or arcade a truly life changing experience.
4	How cool is a place where the owner takes pride in his hobby, presents it to others to enjoy at a bargain price and even donates much of the proceeds to local charities?!!  We were staying at Luxor on a little 3-day getaway and were searching for new things to do in Vegas and yelp didn't fail us.  A measly 3 miles east of The Strip on Tropicana and you're here.  A laid back, comfortable, fun spot with 6 or 7 LONNNNNG rows of old and new pinball machines.  There were perhaps two 15 old-timey upright video games from the 80's, including my favorites Asteroids, Millipede, Ms. Pacman, Galaga & Paperboy.  You can play air hockey with the floating puck and paddles, and also that fun tabletop ice hockey player thingy with rods and handles that slide in and out, spinning your players to whack the ball into your opponent's goal.  I even snagged a nice stuffed bear with only 4 quarters (2 plays) from the one of the overhead claw/crane games that usually cost u more and are harder to retrieve a prize.  It wasn't until I gripped the bear's head and pulled it from behind another stuffed animal that I saw it was a wedding bear, dressed in a little white wedding gown.  My girlfriend thought that was funny and ironic.  Me?...not so much.  hehe  :)
5	I finally made it here this time!  It was sooooooo FUNNNNNNNNNNN.  There are so many cool pinball machines.  And they even have Gauntlet, my all time favorite.  Well, the only game I really knew how to play and my fiance and I used to play it when we were dating.  :)  We forgot our camera, so my fiance kept taking picture after picture with his cell phone.  There are at least 7 Star Wars, Southpark, Simpsons, Austin Powers, Star Trek, Indiana Jones, Pong, Pacman, and so on.  Just too many to name.   If you like pinball machines, you've got to come here.  This is not a pinball machine museum.  This is pinball machine heaven!!!
5	I can't possibly put how awesome this place was. I can only implore you to take a chance on going there.My wife and I spent over 2 hours here playing one game after another. We couldn't stop smiling the entire time we were having so much fun. Taking the bus there may seem daunting at first but is simple enough. When you first get on the bus ask for a transfer; if you don't spend too much time at the Pinball Hall of Fame, that way you won't have to pay for the trip back. Did I mention they have Track and Field as well? What more could a person ask for?
4	(4.5) Stars.In a city where 10 dollars is just a hand of blackjack, this place is a STEAL. Our group ended up hitting this place 3 times in the week we spent in Vegas. Taking turns playing each other on various machines to see who could get the highest scores, 10 Washingtons gave us hours of fun. People weren't lying when they said this place have machines of all ages, it was neat to see the transformation of the really old pinball machines to the newer ones released. They have a vending machine if you like those kind of snacks and drinks, and a restroom in the back for a quick pit stop during your pinball escapades. It's not a perfect place since a couple of machines took our quarters or malfunctioned during playing. The owner however happily gave us credit on other machines in return.Hit this place for cheap entertainment for people of all ages. They also donate to charity which is another plus.
5	This place is awesome! I've never seen so many pinball machines in one place at one time. There are some really old school pinball machines in here. Way before my time. The amazing thing is all the machines are in prestine condition. They have restored each and every one of the machines and keep them running well. I've seen some that say were from the 60s/70s if I can recall.Admission is free, and games are 0.25-0.50 cents per play. A select few which are 0.75.You can even throw a birthday party here. If you are in Vegas and want some cheap thrills, you have to visit this place.
4	I went because of the reviews here on yelp.  the outside is not impressive.  the inside is not pretty--but the contents are fantastic.  classic pinball games, obscure pinball games, all in great working order.  i had a blast.  there are handwritten index cards on some of the games explaining the history of that individual machine.  some of the more difficult ones to play are set so that you automatically get more than three balls to play.  there were pinball setups i'd never seen before: multiple planes to play on, flippers in "X" configurations, one game where the playing surface is completely uneven--the pinball undulates over a curvy surface instead of rolling in a straight line on a flat plane...and i didn't play one game that was more than 50 cents to play it, though i think there are some that are a little more expensive.
5	For those who grew up and remembered when the arcade scene was actually relevant, the Pinball Hall of Fame is a return to that nostalgic time, right down to the darkened alleys of pinball machines, lit only by their backlighting.The amount of machines available is really impressive, dating from the 1950's to even modern games (they still make pinball machines, however few).  The games are also rotated out, so it's never the same experience each time.The games are priced as they would be in the arcades of old, so $10 can last you for quite a while.  The staff is always around, and willing to help if you get a ball stuck, or a coin lost.For non-pinball fans, there's even a row of classic arcade machines, so one can play Tron, Punch-Out!!, and Space Invaders if you need a little bit of diversity.It's a favorite spot of mine.  It sports a wide variety of games, and makes for an enjoyable and nostalgic experience each time I go in.
5	pinball machines galore!  i've never seen so many in my life.  it was definitely a bit overwhelming but loads of fun! most of the games i played were 50 cents per game, and it somehow lasted forever with free turns.  yay!  they also had some old school arcade games like donkey kong, space invaders, super mario bros, ms. pacman and more.  i had to get it on with ms. pacman.  i think i was holding the stick way too hard...my arm started getting sore!
4	This place is very overwhelming when you first step in, but a sense of awe takes over as you insert your first quarter into one of the machines. It's a great way to kill a few hours without spending $100 at a slot machine.It definitely gets a creepy mid-40s clientele with panel vans at times. If you go with a handful of friends you're in for a good time.
5	I found this joint only cause of the movie theater right next to it. When I was a kid I remember watching Mortal Kombat at that dollar theater. Yes, that movie came out ages ago. When I moved back to Vegas a couple years back I wanted to see if it was still there. And it was. Then I saw this pinball joint and I had to go in. I used to love going to arcades. And one by one, all the arcades closed down in Vegas. Except for the casinos and gameworks. there were no arcade hangout spots. So to my surprise( a pleasant one at that) when I walked in, It had that old school mom and pops arcade feel. Sorta. More pinball than arcade games. But I still loved it. Pretty much all the pinball games that I played throughout my life were in there. Well the ones I liked anyways. Addams Family, Gopher, Southpark, Family guy, Funhouse....etc. It brought back great memories. Thats all you can ask for. I came back to this area over 15 years later to see if that dollar theater was still there, and it was. It was a nice nostalgic feeling. If I leave Vegas, I wanna be able to come back years down the road and see this Pinball joint still here too. Arcades may be dead, but some places you dont want to ever go away, like this place. :)
5	I grew up in Las Vegas.  Video games and pinball were like my surrogate parents.  In my youth (we're talking mid-80's), virtually every casino had at least a few video games.  There were even some great ones:  The arcades at Circus Circus and old-school MGM (at the site of the current Bally's) stood out.And, to be sure, one needn't go to a casino for great video games.  There were the local spots... the all-too-short-lived Nickelodian arcade by UNLV, Quarters in Green Valley, Mary K's in Commercial Center, to name just a few (in addition to any local pizza place worth its salt).  Time was, it was always possible to find at least one or two good pinball or video games.Then, one day, things changed.  Suddenly, you wouldn't find games in the pizza place or the store.  Perhaps the video game industry moved to a different business model (either directed to the PC market, or directed to higher-end installations in outfits like Dave & Busters).  But in any case, there went pinball and video games...But the Pinball Hall of Fame has resurrected these by-gone days of glory.  It is visibly a labor of love for the proprieter:  all the games are in good condition, the pinball selection is comprehensive, and even the less-comprehensive video game selection reveals the tastes of a connoisseur.  (Krazy Klimber?  Really?  Excellent!).  Moreover, maintenance is clearly a top priority.  Pinball games are notiriously fussy.  Yet, most of the games I played were in great working order.  Even when there was a technical difficulty, the guy behind the counter addressed the problem promptly, and gave me some credits on another machine while I waited.It's heaven.  It's nirvana.  It's a time-warp. Go there.
5	I will give it 5 stars because I really loved this place. I especially loved all the nostalgia of old cranes and pinball. Very neat.We will for sure go back on our next trip to Vegas as long as it is still around.Friendly owners. The place was clean. IMO There were only a few things I thought could use improvement:-At least 5 games were out of order.-needs some paint/decorating inside. I think it could really be a fabulous place.
5	Definitely not what I expected but this place turned out to be a great find.  Located a few miles off the strip this "Pinball Hall of Fame" is like a run down acrade galley but boy was it still fun.  Hot as hell inside because they're to cheap to use AC the place is full pinball games from every decade.  From version made in the  60's to the newst batman (the dark knight) this place has a good sampling throughout history.  Sprinkled inbetween are a few other classes non-pinball games.  There are no video games though which is nice or else it would just be like an arcade.  Most of the older pinball machines do have a small index card that explains a little bit about the history of that particular model.  I think that's enough to let them call themselves a hall of fame haha.  All the games are pretty cheap too.  Most were 25 or 50 cents with very few at 75cents.  PS it's always more fun when you play these games drunk.On a side note, if you take a cab out here like I did, beware.  You are in the middle of nowhere so it can be difficult getting a cab back.  We had to walk a few blocks down (drunk) to some indoor shooting range which happen to have a few cabs waiting to take people back.
5	One must give 5 stars to this because it's too amazing that it exists.  Obviously, I would like maybe a little better presentation of the historical information that is written in pencil on slips of paper on certain machines with interesting facts.  But the working condition of most of the machines and wide variety and fair prices make this a unique experience for any lover of pinball machines.  Got to relive playing my favorite, Black Knight 2000, and got taken back to a simpler time.  They also have very rare machines.  Also, like that the change machine takes $2 bills, though I did not verify that this actually worked.  Cactus Cooler in the soda machine is another plus.  Worth renting a car vs. cabbing on your next trip to get out to this spot.
5	Wow. Just wow.Came here with a bachelor party. I'm glad strippers were on the "no-no" list, we spent 4 hours here just playing the awesome games that this place/museum keeps. Almost all functioning, all fantastic!I have not played pin ball since I was a tween, and I'll tell you this, I am no pinball wizard. I had forgotten how fun pinball is (when you can actually afford it), most of the pinball games are 25 cents, unless they're special, then they're 50-75 cents. One of them was one dollar, but it was 1 of 2 concept games that were built but never put into production. Give that one a go, it's on casters so you're supposed to try to tilt it!15 bucks lasted me 4 hours, this is one of the best, cheapest things to do in Vegas. Our group was allowed to bring alcohol in (call and ask first) so we had a grand time playing, drinking, and reading the history of each machine!
5	Thanks again, Yelpers, for making me fall in love! this place is amazing! I won a stuffed animal from a claw machine made in the 1920's! Other than winning $300 on a price is right slot machine and meeting Ludacris in the club, THAT was the highlight of my Vegas trip!  Ok.....it wasn't but it was still awesome! The only bathroom door didnt lock, and the change machine ate my five dollar bill, but it will take much more than that to make me give this place anything less than a 5-star rating.
4	Did you lose all your money at the slots.....spend a little too much money for your special dance.....shot gun wedding not working out!!!!  Well, we got a cheap solution.  Go to the Pinball Hall of Fame.  This place is really just like a Arcade of old pin ball machines.  I did have a blast here and for not that much money.  Place does look like its sort of old and needs new carpet.  Other then that if you love games or short of cash give it a try.  Not for people that are too Mature for games.  Place made me feel young again.  Parking lot is good size.  Not your tipical Vegas trip.
5	This place is awesome! They have over 200 games you can play, Some of the arcade games go back to the 1930's! The Pinball Hall of Fame is a non-profit, every quarter you spend there will go toward repairing and preserving important pieces of arcade history. I spent 2 hours in there and spent about 7 dollars. It's great fun for the entire family or a date, or a night with the guys (there's a bar next door). You'll have a blast at the Pinball Hall of Fame!
5	This is the only place I know of that you can play pinball like this. It's a good break from wasting money at the slot machines. They have every pinball game and they always change the games. It must be stop while in Vegas! It kinda a drive from the strip but well worth it.
5	Awesome way to spend an afternoon in Vegas.  This place is truly one of a kind -- tons of games, all in mint condition (or as close as possible), all obsessively maintained (no "Out of Order" signs or eating quarters).  Old light & bell games, classics from every decade and the newest stuff too.  My favorite is Funhouse.  If you're having a low-key, cheap Vegas trip make sure to set an afternoon aside here.  Break a 20 into quarters and by the time they're gone it's time for dinner.  20 bucks is gone in no time at the casino.  Go have some fun away from the crappy generic music and maddening din of the casinos.It can be tough to find the place, a move was planned when I was there last (2/09) but as far as I can tell it's still at Tropicana/Pecos.  It's in a mini mall on the NW corner of the intersection.(4/10 - apparently they have moved, these directions are for posterity's sake only.)
4	Thanks fellow yelpers for making me aware of this place. What a great place to (cheaply) spend an afternoon in Vegas! I loved the Medieval game, the Family Guy game, and the Bad Cats game the best. We were told that the owner of this place gives the profits to charity too...Awesome!We were also told that they are currently in the process of getting a bigger location because they have so many more games to put out....I will definitely be visiting again after the move to try some new games.
5	oh man this is the mecca of pinball games. Yeah this is the place where one goes when they are burned out on any casino game and tired of your xboxes and PlayStation's. This is a place where you go play games that are basic and fun. I have always said that pinball is better than any game out there. I just love this place many many games from the newest "the dark Knight" to old ones from the 60's. You can have so much fun here it is not funny. On top of pinball games they also have some old arcade games like original Mario Bros. and punch out to pong. Also they repair pinball games there too, I would take mines in but I live in California. I recommend this place to all. Just a heads up it may feel like a comic book shop cause it dark and dank but once you get playing it will feel like home.
5	One of the best experiences I've ever had in Vegas, a real hidden gem. I regret it took me twenty five years of life to visit this place - it's a massive warren of every kind of pinball machine you could ever want to play. I was surprised because on a boring Thursday afternoon, there were still plenty of people - young, old, kids all busting their asses on flipper buttons. The collection is impressive, but the sense that there might be a community is even more so.
5	This place is a lot of fun. The games range from classic old school pinball to the very latest pinball. I discovered new favorites and games I used to play and had forgotten. There were also some olde-timey games that took a nickel, the kind you used to find at Disneyland in the Penny Arcade on Main Street. A great break from gambling.
4	Fun, fun, fun! Classic pinball and video games machines at classic prices! It's a tad off the beaten path, so a few cabbies had never heard of it, but it was nice to get away from the strip and all the B.S. Definitely a locals hangout, but even in my touristie-garb I didn't receive any obnoxious attitude or icy-looks. Everybody was there for classic arcade action. If you love old two player baseball pinball machines you'll particularly enjoy their selection, but if you don't there is much more to enjoy.
5	This is by far the best selection of pinball machines I have ever seen.  Tim, the owner, has assembled quite a collection of games.  From games like Twilight Zone to old wood rail machines, this museum has it all.  There is even a one-of-a-kind game that I love to play called Circus.I was told during my last visit that the museum was going to move into a much larger space down the road.  I will update when that happens.If you like pinball, do yourself a favor and check it out.  I never leave Vegas without a visit.
5	Seriously, a fun time. This was the perfect place to kill time from checking out of one hotel and waiting to check in to another one.There were a ton of games that we played including Bride of Pinbot, Bonsai Run, Star Trek: TNG, old and new baseball games, and a few other old video games from my childhood like Paperboy, Spy Hunter and Super Punch Out!  All the games were reasonably priced at 25 cents, or 50 cents (and 2 plays for 75 cents).  For a few brief moments it was easy to get lost in being a kid in an arcade again!The only let down is that both Kristine and I had a machine in mind that we remember from our childhoods and they didn't seem to have it (called Fire! if anyone remembers is).  We may have to track that one down and recondition it ourselves!
5	The first time I came here, I walked up and down the aisles for at least 15 minutes giggling and talking to myself.  As I was alone, I don't think this was necessarily a good thing.  The ensuing pinball high led to a fight with my travel companions and I almost got left behind (no big shame, until I ran out of quarters, that is).  This is absolutely, hands down, the best time to be had in Vegas.   I haven't been back lately, but when we do finally get out there, this will be our first (and second, and third) stop.  Yay! p.s. My friend got proposed to here.
5	My only complaint about this place is they need the Tommy pinball machine and it is perfect!!You can even hang out in here long enough to get snacks and drinks at the vending machines. This is the kinda place that you could get lost in for hours, as long as you have a pile of change in your pockets.There is a great collection of old and new games, some that offer cheap plays of 3 games for the price of 2.I think this is a great choice to get off the strip and enjoy a fun few hours blowing your change here instead of gambling.
5	m u l t i b a l l ! ! ! ! ! ! !
5	I can sit here and try to pound out a witty review for this place, but nothing I say will do it justice.The machines here are in beautiful condition and you can really tell the owner loves what he does. If you love pinball, you need to come in here...they even have the holy grail of pinball machines, Pinbo. I had the sheer pleasure of watching the elephant tip a ball and I loved every second of it.And...my all time favorite....Twilight Zone. *sigh* Those were the good ol' days...going to Chief Ike's in DC, sipping on some cocktails and playing hours of Twilight Zone......except this one worked much better.Thank you for preserving these machines! If you ever need to get rid of Twilight Zone, drop me a note! ;D
5	We stumbled onto this place while looking for something to do with while visiting Vegas with my 5 and 9 year olds. We had a great time - and I do not even enjoy video games very much. Who can resist pinball machines, Donkey Kong, Centipede and Asteroids, among others? Really, it was fun for all!As far as cost, there were four of us playing and we spent $27. Granted, my 5 year old needed assistance with games mostly - so I would really count that number as three players for that amount of time. Still, we thought it was a pretty good deal.
4	It's a little dark and dirty, but this place is way fun. All the money goes to charity, there are a ton of machines that you won't find anywhere else. I could spend a ton of time here. Would be better after a few beers.
4	I took my cousin from LA here instead of tourist traps. It was my first time also, my first impression was this place was a dump and so is the whole shopping center. But when I started playing some of the pinball machine, they brought back childhood memories. I even found my favorite pinball machine from early 90's which is "Star War". We spent more than an hour at the place and it only cost me about $7.
5	i'm a mild fan of pinball, & LOVE this place. all the old games from my childhood.  200 pinball machines. my machine got a ball stuck & i was in such a good mood , i didn't care/wanna refund, & this cool employee came by within minutes(unsolicited) & fixed it & gave me the credits i lost.  worth goin outta yer way for. other customers were cool/hip.  kid friendly. one of the few inexpensive/wholesome moments i had in vegas. will be moving a mile down the street to a bigger place in the future, so check their site.
4	Even though I'm not a pinball nerd by any stretch of the imagination, this place is definitely nirvana for those into waxing nostalgic with this old-school form of entertainment. According to the owner, he has a warehouse full of vintage pinball machines that are rotated out every couple of months to give them some good use. I'm not entirely familiar with many of the classic machines, but this place has just about every awesome one you can think of. KISS, A Nightmare on Elm St., Dracula, Guns N' Roses, classic pinball machines from the 40's/50's/60's... you name it, they probably have it. They've got one of 2 machines made for the difficult-as-hell Circus, a three-level game which requires great skill to get anywhere. They also have Revenge From Mars, the game intended to reinvigorate the world of pinball back in 2000. The place is kinda dingy, though that adds to the charm more than anything. Still, I'd love to see these machines housed in a properly air-conditioned, state of the art facility. The air conditioning as of right now consists of some box fans from Target hung from the ceiling using plastic ties in front of an open air pipe. Obviously, a new system is in need. As an added retro bonus, check out the merchandise case. Some interesting items lurk in there... Bottom line: this is an awesome place to kill an hour or two.
5	This place is the best! Many of the posts here are complaining about the decore. Please remember this is a not-for-profit working on a shoestring budget. Maybe one day a high roller will fall in love with the place and donate 20g's to put in new carpet or maybe even find them a prettier home. Until then I am gonna keep pumping my quarters in to support them!
4	One of the highlights of my Vegas trip. Had a blast with both the old and new machines. Wife and I had a blast playing centipede and a two person pinball machine that I have never seen before. Only downfall was the building. A little old and grungy.
5	Pinball is way harder than I remember... maybe I've always sucked at it, but wow, $5 didn't last me very long here at all.. LOL. Bonus points to this place for letting my group bring coolers of beer here to enjoy. Pinball + beer = happiness.
5	In a town that sometimes seems to run on quarters, this is by far the best place to spend them.I am a pinball fan.  I have been a fan since the days that I had to stand on a milk crate to see the whole table.  This place is Mecca, and a required stop whenever I'm in Vegas.I haven't seen this many different working tables in one place since the arcade boom of the 80s.  You haven't either. And these are maintained far far better than anything you'd find in the wild, now or in the past.  This place is amazing.  (And it doesn't have the crowds of CA Extreme or the Pacific Pinball Expo)An easy bus ride from the four corners, a world away from the strip, and the highlight of many many peoples' trip to Vegas...  if you haven't been to the pinball hall of fame, you haven't really played pinball.
4	Located about a few miles south of old Vegas, this place is hidden in a strip mall next to the movie theaters.  You will have to look out for the big sign that just reads "Pinball".  When you pull in, it's hard to figure out where exactly it is since they are missing a store sign.As you walk in, the smell is a bit reminiscent of a Goodwill store.  Once you get past that sudden whiff of funky musk, childhood memories of the being at the arcade will slowly set.  The great thing about this place is that they operate using quarters and not tokens.  The place is decent in size and is about the size of 3-4 In-N-Out dining areas large.As you walk up and down the aisles, you will notice an eclectic mix of old and new arcades, video games and misc. vending machines.  The older machines operate on $.25, while the newer ones fetch for about $.50-$1.00, fair market value of play for the genre for which the games were around.  Once you begin to play, you may notice that there are little 3x5 cards and strips of papers which highlight the history of the game or how they recovered the game.  Sort of reminded me of VH1 pop-up videos.TIP #1: This is a great place to serve as your last destination before hitting the airport.  It is conveniently located just a few small miles away.
5	As an acolyte of the Holy Temple of the Pinball Hall of Fame, I had been meaning to make a pilgrimage.  I have fulfilled my obligation.Walking in, I was greeted by a bunch of old friends.  Some I had not seen since I was a child and others have been in my life much more recently.  I embraced them.  Literally.  I walked over to The Theater of Magic and hugged the machine.  (I had actually dropped a quarter on the floor, so I had to bend down to retrieve it.  I held on to the machine for balance.  It was a hug, an awkward one, but a hug nonetheless)  I got $5 in quarters for Jeff and another $5 for myself.    The change machine actually gives change back in bills, if you put in a $20.  I liked that.  I was worried about carrying around $20 in quarters.  Luckily, I was able to get $5 in quarters and 3 $5 bills.   Thank goodness!Favorites?  Theater of Magic, my handsdown favoriteBride of Pinbot, a close second favoritePinbotBlack KnightBlack Knight 2000Xenon, so frickin' coolFunhouseData East Star TrekOriginal Star TrekDr. WhoI played several older machines that I had never played before.  They take a certain level of skill that I did not possess.  I like that.  I would have been there until I ran out of money, but Jeff got tired and had to leave.   He didn't even spend all of his $5.  WTF?  He is not a follower of the Order of Pinball.  For shame!
5	This is the best $10 we spent in Vegas. They have stand up Donkey Kong or Asteroids which I havent played in 20+ years. They also have a ton of pinball machines,  Simpsons, Kiss, and Gun n Roses. This is definatly a place to check out to get away from the Strip and feel like you get more for your money.
4	Holy long john silver, Batman! There are a lot of old school pinball machines here! The Batman was pretty cool. There was thing crazy one and darnit I can't remember the name of it but it looked like the surface of a new planet or something. It was crazy. If you know what I'm talking about, let me know because I sound ridiculous. The Street Fighter was pretty rad. The picture of Chun Li and Ken are narly. Chun Li straight up looks Hispanic and Ken just straight up looks retarded. Horrible artwork but hilarious. The only downfall is no AC... that kind of sucked. There's only one chair in the whole place but don't make the mistake of sitting down on it like I did. I had like 3 people come up to me telling me there was trouble with their pinball machine. "Uhh, I don't work here."
5	A buddy who lived in Vegas but doesn't anymore took me there last time I went...I at first didn't want to stay long but I was hooked and we stayed 2 hours...very cheap entertainment in a town where it is hard to find....many classic machines from when I grew up in the 70s...including baseball games...the owner is really nice and helpfull...and can fix frequent glitches quickly....I'll visit the PHOF again when I go back to LV late this year
5	So glad Vegas has this place. Its really fun to spend sometime in here and play all the different machines plus its next to a $2 movie theater, cant get a cheaper better date than that. Very fun!
5	Wow, what a place. We saw shows, ate at the best restaurants, hit the Spas, Sports-books and Roulette tables, but the Pinball Hall of Fame was the most fun I had on this trip. It's cheap, gritty, and when I walked in the door I was instantly transported back to the arcades of my childhood. This is a gem; I can't wait to go there again.
4	Our trip here started off rocky. I had printed the directions off their website. They have moved but the instructions for how to get there by bus had not been updated so we got off at the old location. A sign on the door showed a map to the new location, which was NOT drawn to scale. We started walking back towards the strip only to discover that the 2 blocks shown was inaccurate. We finally caught a bus.That being said, once we finally found the place, the proprietors were apologetic about the mixup on the website and said they would correct it. We played pinball for a hour or so and had a great time. They are still in the process of relocating so there weren't as many games as I had hoped but they said that eventually they should have around 400 games when they are all moved in.We will return (to the correct location) next time to play again. It was a fun experience and we took LOTS of good pictures.
4	It's a big, dimly lit warehouse space with a LOT of pinball games, a few arcade games, and some very old games.  There are cards that have the game's history on each game, written! by somebody! who really likes! exclamation points!  It's a great place to play some games, kids will love it.  It only gets 4 stars because Dragon's Lair ate my money, and we couldn't find anybody to help us get the game started or my money back.
4	It's not a bad place, actually. I'm a huge pinball fan, and they have a lot of the older games I remember from the late 80's, and early 90's when I was a little kid. The downside, however, is that a good bunch of the games are in poor repair, not balanced properly, malfunctioning a bit. It's sad, really, but they're non-profit, and the owner is basically the only one repairing the games and doing all the work there.I went to Pinball Pete's in Lansing back when he owned it, and again in the late 90's and noticed the difference, how it went downhill when he left. Hopefully he can get all the games working nicely, and balanced properly so that they're more fun.Either way, my husband and I had a lot of fun with $4 lasting us about an hour and a half. Can't beat that in Vegas.
4	Holy Moly! I love pinball, and boy did I get my fill. There was a large collection of OLD pinball machines, as well as some modern favorites (Simpson's Pinball Party!!!) Most games were .50 to $1.00 a play, but often you get to play with 5 balls instead of 3, which equals free games for me because I am awesome. No joke. I started by trying to play some of the oldies, but to be honest, 4 out of the 5 I attempted to play, ate my money. I'm Okay with that because all the money from these machines goes to charity. I'm just stating: player beware. I moved to some of the late 80's early 90's games, and man, those don't eff around on the multiball action. My favorites were the Guns-n-Roses and Nightmare on Elm Street machines.In addition to the mass of pinball machines, there is a smattering of old-skool arcade games. I lost more money on Police Trainer than I did on the slots downtown. And if you are a parent that has made the descision to take your kiddies to Vegas, and want to steer clear of the porn slappers on the strip- I think this is a fine way to tire them out. This get a minus star because I could have really used some sort of snack bar/beer repository on site. There was a vending machine with pop and energy drinks, but meh.
5	The King Shit of Pinball Heaven.  I heart pinball, though, so this is what tickles me pink.You can't get a better bang for your buck in Vegas. We spent a whole afternoon here, soaking it up.  Best games to try out: Ted Nugent,  Bride of Pinbot, Guns & Roses Read all the great hand-written descriptions and trivia about the games.Be sure to check out the Williams "Circus" pinball -- the only one of two machines in existence.  A stunning failure from the 90s, multi-level pinball machine.  Weirdly awesome.  Weirdly awesome drug dealers in the parking lot, too.  Hang onto your kids.
5	Pinball how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.Some machines have three multiballs. Some have eight!Most are here. If you too love pinball, this is the mecca. It's a bit dingy, just like you remember. Kids love the place and you can beat them at it. Ha!You will find your own favorites. Mine is the moon machine with the curved glass. The ball just seems to go round and round like there was no gravity.The newer machines with the LEDs and electronics are the bomb.  The older ones are nostalgia but don't play that well.Pinball Museum, you are the best thing about Vegas. Mr. Cranky says he loves you.
5	Went back to new location...next to gambler's book shop on Tropicana ....bigger .... inexpensive entertainment for an hour....played old games I grew up with in 70s...was dark during the day lights werent turned on and a bit messy in places with equipment lying around....but it didn't take away from enjoying...will return next time I go to Vegas
5	I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical when coming to this place and it certainly doesn't look like much from the outside, but rest assured this place is as awesome as everybody else says it is. Several dozen pinball machines, as well as a handful of classic arcade games like my mom's favorite, centipede. Easily one of the best values in Vegas or anywhere else as most of the machines only cost a quarter to play, unlike modern arcade games which can cost a couple bucks per credit. I just wish it was better lit but I understand they have to keep costs down so be sure to come while the sun is still bright. I came here thinking it would only be for a quick stop over for the novelty factor, but now it has become an essential destination every time I come to Vegas.
5	This is unadulterated pinball nirvana. When I assume room temperature, just spread my ashes over this place....Located a couple of miles off the strip, Pinball Hall Of Fame offers you a trip back to your youth, provided you grew up being a pinball geek like me. I played games that I haven't touched in 35 years. I was so happy I seeked this out and can't wait to return. In addition, you can play the latest pinball machines available.  I F$#@!^&* love this place!
5	I just realized I left this review off!  Not like it needs more reviews!On a recent trip to Vegas we decided to check it out! WOW!  Wish we had heard about it sooner. They have pinball games they go way back.  The nice thing is, there is a little card that tells you the history of the game, when it was made, etc. which I thought was a nice touch, so you get some background behind the older machines. Also, some of the older machines it isn't as hard as newer machines to get a high enough score for a replay, so you can play for a long time.Its pinball overload when you go in, you can't believe there are this many machines in one place!This was a much more enjoyable way to spend my quarters for a few hours than a slot machine!
5	If you like pinball, this place is a must visit!  All of the games are in great condition.  Nice selection of new and old machines, with all of classics represented, plus some very rare machines.  I spent about $8 there over a three hour visit which has to be one of the best entertainment deals in Vegas.  The number 201 bus is a straight shot there from the strip and cost $2.
5	Just came back from the "Pinball Hall of Fame". I must say, this was the most fun and the cheapest fun I've had in Vegas, ever. I spend $20 and was there for over 4 hours playing all kinds of pinball. They have old machines right up to modern ones. It was amazing. I would highly recommend this if you have kids here in Vegas as its cheap fun and there is so much choice. Its not really a "Hall of Fame" but who cares, over 100 pinball machines and there re many classics.They don't rip you off either, even the machines that take $0.75 to play they give you five balls and the vast majority of the machines are $0.25. No tokens here. all Quarters and even some took nickels. Truly an experience. Please support this business so it can continue to grow and add more machines.
5	I cannot say how amazing this place is.  A definite MUST VISIT on your trip to Vegas, even if you're not all that into pinball games.
5	I'm giving this place five out of five because it's got the kind of atmosphere that I love: it's dark, out of the way, and whoever runs the place doesn't talk to customers or bother you about anything you're doing. Of course, I haen't the slightest idea who was in charge anyway, since no one was talking to anyone else :) The only drawback to the darkness is that I felt like I was going to have my purse lifted. While playing pinball, I sqaushed it squarely between my feet where no perps could get near it without me knowing. The giant warehouse of fun is packed wall-to-wall with older pinball machines, video games (the original Mario Bros!), and other neat stuff from an era that I am too young to have experienced. In fact, even my 40 year old man was too young. This place is definately worth checking out. If you're a stuck up person who visits Vegas only to hang out on the strip and aren't interested in culture of any kind, you'll hate it here. Which is fine because you aren't wanted anyway. But if you're smart enough to appreciate relics from a time when video games required a little more effort (like standing) and more skill (like button pushing) and you love dark creepy places where no one bothers you, you'll love it here--just like me.
5	How can you even give this place less than 5 stars? Its a no frills small hall with just a ton of pinball and a few old school arcade games.NON PROFIT AND ITS A FUN WAY TO GIVE TO CHARITIES! Kudos to the guy who started this as its a real labor of love. Been once with my boyfriend, and it was so fun to see so much old school games. I love pinballs, I'm just not good at them. Another time when my two little half brothers are in town. They're real hardcore video gamers, but wanted to show them the old school stuff and they enjoyed it.Its nice looking around and spotting a machine you onced loved to play as a kid at your local childhood spot. I saw this spiderman one that was in a taco shop in LA and I loved that one! Boyfriend remembered so many from childhood like the paperboy game. It was great nostalgia for both of us even though I'm a lot younger. Hours of fun for a roll of quarters (more if you're like me and suck). Good value for the quarters since they give you a few balls for each game and each quarter goes to a charity so I don't feel so bad when I lose a lot of them. A definite gem of Vegas, a unique place to spend a day.
5	Five stars, period.  As many awesome pinball tables as have ever been in the same room.  Coin-op, often 5 balls per credit.  Mountain Dew Throwback in the vending machine and $0.25 popcorn!!  I need to spend at least eight more hours here next time.
5	I was a kid who grew up in bars.  My dad would order a drink (I know not great parenting) and hand me a fist full of quarters.  I spent my days as a young girl in those dank bar rooms playing Ms. Pacman and of course, pinball. Fast forward a few years, I lived in a wacked out crazy Warehouse.  The Warehouse days were something, sex, drugs, rock n' roll and pinball. I am a sucker for nostalgia and the Pinball Hall of Fame took me on a trip down my warped memory lane.The Hall of Fame itself is housed in an unassuming building with only a simple banner hung on the front.  Inside is another story.  I was first impressed that the PHOF had all three tables we had at our Warehouse  (Xenon, Black Knight, Medieval Madness).  All were in great working order, and Medieval Madness was especially fun to play again. A great game, play it!The PHOF houses rows of games dating from the 1950s through the present.  All the machines are very reasonably priced to play, many of them only 25 cents.  The place is dim, lit only by the tables so it has a cool, dark atmosphere.  The ambiance coupled with the fact that everyone is having fun (and getting something for their money) made this by far one of the coolest things I did in Vegas.  There is a machine with soda and .25 popcorn, awesome.I could have spent many more hours here, but duty called.  I would gladly go back to this museum in a heartbeat.
5	One more five stars.  Love it, can spend days there.  Never miss it when I go to Las Vegas.  Saves me a ton of money by keeping me out of the casinos.  And who notices ambiance while playing pinball??
5	Vintage pinball games working at 85% of their original feel. I put my Quarter in and beat the holy crap out of them. Big Brave is my favorite !, If your not Tilting your not Trying !!!!!! I like their new location too !
5	There's something about pinball that I love. I am by no means any good at the game, but simply watching a shiny ball go up and down is enticing enough to warrant the cost of a few quarters.This place is filled to the brim with almost every pinball game imaginable. From vintage to modern, there has to be a pinball machine in there that suits someone. For me, finding the right pinball machine was like finding the right dog at the shelter. I walk around the place entirely to see if I could find one calling my name. When I find it, it's mine for the next couple of minutes (probably even shorter since my skills aren't really all that good). Once that's done with, I move on and repeat the process. Before I know it, I'm all out of quarters and realize that I have to go back to life's responsibilities.I stop by the Pinball Hall of Fame regularly, but not as frequently as I'd like. Each time I go, I see a slew of new machines that I've never seen previously. It's nice to see that this place continuously updates its collection. Since this new location has moved even closer to UNLV, I can see myself dropping by more frequently. I usually keep a cup of quarters in my car for parking meters and the such. Now, it seems that cup has turned into my pinball fund.
5	If you're into pinball at all, this place is amazing. It's a big room filled with pinball machines from all eras, along with a few assorted video games (Paperboy! Tetris!) It's free to get in, and you just pay 25-75 cents depending on the game. I brought five dollars in quarters and was entertained for quite awhile. On a related note, I wish I had $950 to blow and more space because they were selling a Ted Nugent pinball game there for that price, and you know that'd be an awesome conversation piece. Whenever someone would go into my house, it would go something like this:Person: "Um, why do you have a Ted Nugent pinball game?"Me: "It's the NUGE!"Person: "Okay."But I digress. Anyway, if you're in Vegas, you should check this place out. It's only a couple of miles off the strip.
5	Went for the second time last month and had fun again. Only bad thing is its so far away from where I live! Plenty of great machines, no cover to get in, machines are very fair priced, seems like a nice crowd just out to have fun. All they need is a bar and kitchen and it might be the greatest hangout spot in Vegas lol... come to think of it someone should open a small bar attached to the side of it.
5	I love this place.  It's an abandoned Circuit City building that is lined with a massive collection of pinball machines.  They've got everything from old-school electromagnetic machines with fantastic artwork to more recent machines like CSI, 24, and Family Guy, as well as my absolute favorite - a prototype machine called Pinball Circus that's a three-level pinball game in a regular arcade cabinet.  Admission is free and games range from 25 cents to a dollar.  Make sure to get a can of Big Red from the soda vending machine as well!
5	Wow, never a better value in Vegas.  An empty big box store full of pinball machines dating from the late 50's, plus a handful of the coolest video games to go hand-in-hand with them.  Better yet, the crowd this place draws is 100% organic, no drunk Vegans or tourists, just lots of people 30+ who stop by every fifth machine and say, "WHOA!  There was one of these down the street from my house!!"See how close this place looks to the strip?  It's not.  We took a taxi there, and it worked out to about $15.  No problem, seeing as how three of us spent two hours there and were out less than $10.  But try finding a taxi to take you back.  Flag one down?  Nope.  Call the number?  No.  We waited 45 minutes and watched two busses go by before we wised up and realized this place was in a taxi dead zone of some sort.  That said, we saved a few bucks on the bus on the way back.  I'd go here again in a heartbeat, but with a car.  Or take the bus.
5	I didn't relize the place had moved so I will have to check out the new location. Whether you are young or old this place should be lots of fun. The people that remember the old pinball games from the 60s and 70s will have a "bitchin" time. The people from the 80s and 90s will get a kick out of how technology has evolved to the game consoles you play at home. Go and pay your respects to this place, it's where all games began. Enjoy the art, color aspects of the games from the 50s, 60s and 70s. There is a special flavor to this place. If those games could talk, what tales they could tell. I go in there for a "mini' vacation whenever I get a chance. Some will think it's silly, some already know how special this place is in this time and age.
5	This past week thieves broke in a stole some copper. The Pinball Hall of Fame is closed indefinitely.  This makes me very sad as I had had my heart set on playing Buck Roger Pinball.  I will go cry now.as of 4/15/10 they are open again!
4	Pinball heaven!  This place has it all (except the classic FirePower and a beer license).  The geek who works there is a genius at keeping the machines in working order, though he definitely lacks interpersonal skills.  And the place itself is pretty raw, more like a warehouse than a museum.  But once you're into the play, who cares?I suppose the maintenance costs of electro-mechanical contraptions have made pinball machines an endangered species, but no-way, no-how can a video game come close to the sensation of the real thing.  PBHOF is a must for every Vegas visit.  Keep those quarters pouring in!
5	For all you people who keep emailing me..... The Pinball Hall Of Fane is OPEN.
5	Awesome doesn't cut it.  This place offers the most fun you can have in Vegas for the least amount of money -- we spent $10, were there for 2 hours and could have stayed all afternoon for not much more of an investment.  We had no idea what to expect -- a room with really old or broken pinball machines behind ropes?  A bunch of plaques with high scores on them?  An exhibit on how the machines work?  A gift shoppe?  Nope.  None of that.  When we walked through the very unassuming door we were greeted by familiar dinging noises and basically an old-school arcade -- really just a warehouse filled with pinball machines and some great old video games...and you can play ALL of them!  A bunch of machines were just 25 cents per play (3-5 balls) and I didn't see any that were over $1.00.There were only about ten people there when we went (mid-day on a Wednesday) and we will go back to this place every time we're in Vegas.  SO worth the little trip off the strip!!
5	Every day in Vegas millions of coins go into slot machines, they pull down the one arm bandit's appendage, it makes a lot of noise and the coin is gone forever in a matter of seconds without any reward to the player. That is why I don't gamble. I want something out of my investment. At least something more than 10 seconds of hope and a prayer that I come out a winner. Thank goodness for the Pinball Hall of Fame! I suddenly don't mind plopping in quarters into a machine in Vegas. When you decide to toss your money away here you get a game of Pinball and your mileage for time spent will vary depending on your skills at hitting a ball in a machineThis place is amazing for old and new pinball. They had all the classic that I grew up playing Addams Family was always great but I loved all pinballs. And in the new department you have Family Guy and Indiana Jones, which was amazing fun - especially when they unleashed MULTI-BALL! on me and I was way too overwhelmed by what was going on. And if you're tired of accidentally tilting the sucker, why not just Tron, They have a few video arcades. You know the ones that will always get fans playing them no matter what. Tron, Mario, Ms Pac-man. But really, how are you going to get tired of all the choices you have here to choose from? There is something for everyone and it's a lot better use for the money you would have spent in ten minutes at a Vegas casino. Just think - you could have had a a good 2-3 hours of fun with the same cash. Everything about this place is awesome and it's a must for anyone looking for a truly unique Vegas experience that isn't just bars and gambling. This is the hidden more awesome side of Vegas that you must enjoy at least once or twice.
5	You've come to Las Vegas. You played some craps and spent $300 in about  minutes. Then you tried blackjack with similar results. At this point, you just want to stretch out your entertainment dollar. Welcome to the Pinball Hall of Fame.How much would you pay to be a kid again? At the Pinball Hall of Fame, they only charge $0.25 - $1 for the honor. It's like walking into a XBOX.Grab a cab and a twenty dollar bill and head on down to the Pinball Hall of Fame for an afternoon of childlike value and cold Coca-Cola.
5	This place was really cool. Walking in I didn't know what to expect. Found the quarter machine and it was on. The pinball games were great. I tried a couple of the older ones and then a lot of the newer ones. I had a lot of fun. I was surprised to see some nostalgic games like Mike Tyson's punch out. I dragged my parents to this place and they had fun too. My mom didn't know what to make of this place, until she got a bag of popcorn for 25 cents. Then she lit up like a Christmas tree. I asked her to play at least one game and so she chose the game where you whack the alligator on the head with a big mallet. She had so much fun, she kept playing it. Very understated, but I had a lot of fun.
5	I love the Pinball Hall of Fame. I went for the first time, last year when they were in the old location. While it was a hotbed of fun games, the old place was stuffy and small. The new location is amazing. Not only is it bigger, but the ceilings are high and it's nice and cool! This was my first stop after my drive from NorCal. It's the best $1.25 I've spent in a long time. I played 2 machines, won 2 games and left them for the lucky persons who found them! After you've had your fill of the casinos, save some of your gambling quarters and visit!
5	No trip to Vegas is complete without a trip to the Pinball Hall of Fame! I liked the coziness of the old location--the new warehouse location seems cold and naked, which ain't bad either, plus there are many more machines. But they still don't have the machine we had when I was a kid (which my mother sold at a garage sale in the 1980s for 50 bucks oh god whyyyyyy????)So on this visit I only spent five bucks because I'm a germ freak and pinball machines are cootieville (yes I brought hand wipes and so should you). The husband played for a while on the new machines and the old ones from his childhood. I did lose money in one broken machine but I found some quarters on the floor, so I broke even for once. Definitely spend an hour or two here if you get the chance.
5	New location as shown in the Yelp map above. I like the new building, it's spacious and the cooling systems is WAAAy better than the previous location. All those machines gives off alot of heat and in the summer the old location didn't have very good air conditioning. This place is much better with blowing cool air and plenty of ceiling fans. The dark lighting is much better too cause the old location had alot of glare coming off the glass. Cement floor seems much more level too and that is important in a good pinball game. Current visit to the new location revealed to me that there are many many new  pinball games on the floor than the previous place too, I guess most of these were in storage? Anyways it's a great place to have some fun. Pinball is some skill and luck, but for me reliving some of these old games is well worth it. Overall my previous comments still stands, this place is awesome. I see plenty of taxi cabs bringing in tourist from out of town and that is good for business. There is now a popcorn dispenser and it's got people munching away as they browse the aisles and aisles of machines. There is that obnoxious skee ball machine that seems to be a hit with the little kids, but the auto comments it makes can be anoying after awhile. My only tip to you is that you bring some hand sanitizer for afterwards and try not to use the bathroom in the back corner, it's not a pretty sight. I usually bring a pocket full of quarters and limit myself to $5 worth of play, the last visit I am sure I spent close to $15, but man these days that is a TON of entertainment for the money. Also the funds go to charity after expenses are paid. Hmmm, can I write my play off as a tax deduction? hee hee hee!
5	AWESOME.  Visited Vegas from out of town and saw this place on Yelp before the trip.  We rented a car to see some local sites for a day  - Red Rock Canyon etc.  This place was by far the most fun.  New and vintage game machines.   Almost all are playable.  Just a warehouse from the outside with a banner in the front - don't let outside appearances deceive.  Way, way cool and lots of fun.
5	This place is straight out of Bizarro World....I mean it's super cool, yet kind of creepy.  If you've ever seen the movie The Dark Backward you'd know what I'm talking about.....or even House of a 1000 Corpses....it's just strange, but so cool you don't want to leave.There are dozens of pinball machines dating from the mid 1900's to now.  What I love are the Old School 1970's & 1980's Original Video games like Donkey Kong, Paperboy, Defender, Spy Hunter, Space Invaders....you get the picture.  It was like I was 10 yrs old again.Now for the creepy stuff.  There is a Clown Puppet Carnival game where you put in a quarter and you can control it's arms & legs.  It is soooo weird and looks like a prop from a 1980's Horror Flick.  I posted a YouTube Video of this crazy thing in action here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6H5x-rANb10Then there is another creepy game with a Dollface Baseball Player (see pics)....it was made in 1967 and was in Circus Circus when it first opened.  The other creepy thing about this place is that it seems like nobody works here....I swear I couldn't find an attendant anywhere.....yet you could see tools & out of order games in the back where they are working.  The games are housed in an empty building with absolutely no decor or anything.....and it's really really dark in there.....only the sunlight & light from the games to keep it lit up.  Strange. ~Cue Twilight Zone Music~  I was waiting to see Rod Sterling in the corner of the room staring at me.This is a must see in my book.Will I come back?  The next time I'm in the Twilight Zone....of course!
5	How can you not love this place?! A full afternoon of entertainment for under $10 (or maybe less, if you don't suck at pinball like I do!)....The hall of fame has now relocated to a larger space, which is nice.  The only thing lacking would be some chairs to lounge around on when you need a break from all the intense competition.They have everything from classic games from the 50s to the newest on the market.  My favorite remains Stargate.  Solid! This is definitely the best deal... you get so many freebies! And the awesome voice "shoot the pyramid".  I switch it up, but you can find me staked out there for at least a couple games.(Non-alcoholic) beverages can be purchased from a machine for refreshment, and I think you can bring in your own drinks too.Perfect for kids, adults, rainy days, locals, visitors.  You can also reserve it for birthday parties!
5	EPIC. Words cannot describe how awesome this place is. I told the guys lets go to this pinball museum and they all groaned internally but once we got there and found out we can play the games. I was like Captain Morgan of the crew. They all had a good time playing the gmaes there and we were enthralled on this epic table hockey game. I was so close to winning, I hope there will be a rematch sometime soon. I score 10points on the classic baseball pinball game, can you beat my score?
4	Stopped by here for the first time a couple weeks ago. It lost one star because I thought it would be bigger. I wanted to see more pinball machines from the 90s, the ones I used to play at the arcades when I was cutting class. This place reminded me of The Cliff House Arcade in San Francisco(no longer there).My favorite pinball machine in the place was the Family Guy one. It was $0.75 for 5 balls. There was a bonus section with a mini pinball game. I played some old school arcade games like Mario Bros. and Tetris. It was good times!!
5	This place rocks, it took me back to when I played arcade games when I was little, they had the old Spy Hunter, Adams Family, and the Neo Geo. I definitely recommend checking it out at least once. Good stuff.
5	The Pinball Hall of Fame is without a doubt a must-see attraction in Vegas.  And it's one of the few places in Vegas that offers fun for only a little coin (most machines let you play for $0.25).Located in a warehouse on Tropicana Avenue (a few miles off the strip), the Pinball Hall of Fame ("PHOF") is filled with pinball games from 7 decades (from the 1940s to today).  It also has a collection of old video games from Nintendo (Donkey Kong, Mario Bros., Mike Tyson's Punch Out) and Atari (Centipede, Ms. Pacman).  Still not enough?  Well, the place also contains an air hockey table.   PHOF is nostalgia in action.  And each quarter you drop in the machine goes to the PHOF non-profit to acquire and fix more pinball machines and arcade video games.
4	A blast from the past as you step on to the incredibly sticky floors of the Pinball Hall of Fame. When inside the building looks like its about to fall in on its self, however if one can look past the structure and the sticky floors this is a unique place to come and play pinball wether there old or new there is a cabinet for everyoneSo over all I left the Pinball Hall of Fame happy, the machines are reasonably priced, and it works as good, not great but, good time killer
5	I've been here so much, that alone should tell you how fun it was.But most recently i got a group of friends to meet up here. Some knew the place some didn't. The younger kids were amazed with the place. My favorite has to be the time everyone gathered around the IRON man pinball machine and we had an all out war trying to beat each others scores. I was originally in 3rd place when on my last ball (5 in all) I got really lucky and almost made it to the free game score until I got too excited and TILTED the game.. eh I still won. I had the highscore out of ANYONE that night:)Also look for me with the Attack from Mars game :) I always think I'll be there for an hour or so and then leave 4 fours later when it's closing.I love this place, my roomates and I cannot get enough. Some of my favorite games would be Guns N RosesIron ManArabian NightsAttack from MarsIndiana JonesThe circus one (it's a dollar to play)The Twilight ZoneI can't remember the old schools ones..
5	The largest selection of Pinball machines you will ever see and guess what YOU CAN PLAY THEM ALL, and they are in good condition. This place carries only 1 of 2 "Pinball Circus" machines in the world and the other one is in Germany. There is not a reason not to come here!
5	No place like i've ever been.  Most of them remind me of going to the beach in Rehobeth Beach, DE, begging for quarters from my dad, and playing until we have to walk back to the car.The best thing about it is - they're still a quarter!Really, I think it's a great thing they're doing - rescuing and restoring old video games from my and others' childhoods.  Some of the most interesting cards are about machines that were rescued from an attic or out of an old warehouse.Everyone should visit at least once - I know I'll be back!
4	I love video games. I grew up playing Atari, Nintendo, Sega. These are the devices that consumed my childhood. I had high expectations for the Pinball Hall Of Fame. I passed the building twice on Tropicana. It's very nondescript. Walking in transported me back in time 25 years. It reminded me of the arcades of the 80's. It is about pinball, but don't let that fool you. They have a lot of video games and the best kept air hockey table I've ever played on. It was busy for a Thursday night and the crowd seemed to be made up of a lot of regulars. If loyalty is a sign you're doing things right, then PBHOF can check that box. It's a fun place to pass a few hours. Completely different from anything else in Vegas and it won't break the bank. Have fun recapturing your youth.
5	I finally got a chance to go here a few weeks ago. Took my parents and my aunt. no kids !! Had a great time and we will go back whenever we are in Vegas and maybe have the kids next time. New and old pinball machines and alot of old video games. Some great memories of playing real video games.
5	Hell yeah boy!!!!!  This place was awesome!  I spent about 2 hours here and only spent 10 bucks.  This place is a trip!  Soooooo many different games.  I played a lot of Terminator and South Park.  I even got a few free games on Pinball Circus.  I just walked up to it and hit start and it let me play.  Then it let me play a second game.  I thought the fun would last forever, but it asked me to insert money after game 2.   I am not even the biggest pinball fan out there but this place is one of a kind!  Its something to experience at least once when you are in Vegas!
5	no other place like it.leave your girlfriends/wives at home.
5	I've been coming here more and more recently so I thought I'd throw in my own 2 cents, or 25 cents. This place is pretty much badass. I've taken several out of town friends here and they never seem too excited to check it out but they're blown away when we walk in. All of the games have a brief description/history hand written on a small card attached to the machine. All machines also feature a 2D bar code that you can scan with your iphone to learn more about the game. That's pretty much the extent of the history lesson. While it's certainly interesting to nerds like me, playing all of the games is the best part. They have several bill changers so there's no need to raid the piggy bank. Generally the older the game the cheaper the price. Almost every game from the 50's-mid 70's is 25 cents. some of the mid 70'-s to mid 90's are 50 cents and the current games are almost all 75 cents. Ugh 75 cents you say? Some of these are 5 ball games and the play fields are pretty forgiving. Even though the price is three times as much, you'll spend much more than three times as much time playing. The place is open from 11am-11pm 7 days a week. That should give you enough time for the yard drink hangover to wear off! See you there!
5	I feel like this review needs a little mood music.  Please click here http://youtu.be/4AKbUm8GrbM before moving forward.You listening to the song?  Yes?  Ok, good.  I will say that this song definitely was not written about me.  I am no pinball wizard.  I effing suck at pinball.  In fact, I don't even like pinball all that much.  It's probably because I suck, but whatever.  Regardless of whether The Who wrote a song about your nerdy ass or you're more like me, the Pinball Hall Of Fame is definitely worth checking out.  I've never seen so many pinball machines in my life and if you can actually divert your eyes from the flashing lights, the paddles, and flying silver balls, you can actually find some background history posted on each of the machines.
5	I saved up quarters for six months on the off-chance I ever made it out to this place.  Yes, I could have went to a change machine, but that would have been far too easy and sensible.    Boy, oh boy was it worth it!!!  If you were born anytime between 1965-85, you are going to have at least one fantastic flashback moment... The Elton John "mr. Fantastic" was mine.   Come prepared to burn 2 hours and $10 in quarters (what a deal!). Ladies, leave your purses home... You'll regret taking it in.  Surprisingly high-tech AND lo-tech in terms of the "museum" aspect.  There is ZERO decor.  Handwritten notes on the history and restoration are tucked into the glass of some machines...fascinating reads-don't skip over them!  But on other machines, barcode images you can scan w/your iPhone/droid/etc and learn online about the history of the machine, enter your scores or leave a review.  Wow.A perfect option in central Vegas if you need to kill some time before/between something else or just want to stun your crew with your flipper-flippin awesomeness....
5	Pinball HOF is awesome! I've heard about it this place a few times but never made an effort to visit it. The front of the building was plain and painted white with a parking lot for about 20-30 cars. It was a warehouse with 2 tinted doors at each end of the building & that is exactly how I remember some of the game rooms we frequented while growing up in Hawaii.  As we pushed open the tinted glass door, I expected to catch a whiff of cigar or cigarette smoke, but instead we were greeted with the fresh aroma of popcorn from the popcorn vending machine positioned up front. Its not a plush place and I wouldn't want it any other way.After a few more steps past the popcorn machine you're eyes are in overdrive not being able to focus on a single pinball machine.There were rows and rows of pinball machines (about 6 rows with about 10-15 machines each) you could hear the dinging of bells and that distinct sound of the flippers in action, and of course that beautiful sound, the loud bang or "KNOCK," which means you're awarded for your pinball wizardry or you just got lucky on the match. Its also good that they didn't have music blaring over their system, if there was any I didn't hear it. We didn't play all the pinball machines but our favorites of the day were, Austin Powers (many free games on this one), Terminator, KISS, Indiana Jones, and we really liked the South Park pinball. We also discovered another treasure in this warehouse, we found some of the best video games of all time lined up on the back wall. Space Invaders, Tron, Galaga, Dig Dug, Qbert, Super Mario Bros, and Joust to name a few. My son & nephews had no idea that the 2010 Tron movie is a re-make until i told them. And that answered their question of "Why was the video game graphics so crappy?" HAHAHA! it was a blast to the past for me. We exchanged $25.00 to quarters and we went to town. 2.5 hours later the kids were satisfied and we still had a bunch of quarters left over for the next time.  It was extremely satisfying to hear "That place was AWESOME!" especially from my teenage nephew, as well as from my son & other nephew both under 12. Can you imagine that...I got mad props from kids who are growing up in a time where touch screens & digital graphics are the norm. And just between you and me...for those 2.5 hours it was great to actually be a kid again. Aloha
3	The place has only a banner for a sinnage. Very discreet.It stores antique/old pinball machines and other video games.You can play for .75cents per game or $2.00/3 games. Really cheap.Place is reminiscent of an old arcade and what it used to be.Played  a pinball game of family guy and I enjoyed it! Consider this as one of the cheaper thrills in Vegas!!
4	On vacation in Vegas with nothing to do during the day? Have the kids with you and need something to entertain them? Drive wayyyy on down Tropicana past UNLV, look across the street from the Liberace Museum and you'll see a really ugly tan building. It may or may not have a plain banner. Congrats...you've made it to the Pinball Hall of Fame! With over 100 working machines from 1965 to the 90s, this place is a MUST visit when you're in the Vegas area. No matter your age, you'll find a machine you remember from your childhood. You'll also get to share in some of your older/younger friends fav memories. And all for a few quarters!And If you're into graphic design, this place is probably one of the best sources for inspiration. Take a camera!
4	*Ding-Ding-Ding*  By the end of any Vegas trip, the iscessant dinging of slot machines begins to haunt me in my sleep.  I know the dinging is supposed to indicate the sounds of a winner, but in reality, it's more like an electronic carnival barkers."Ding! Granny here won" "Ding! Come-on, hear how loose we are" "Ding! Another social security check in, 25 cents out"!Ding! The idea strikes me: I have to get out of here. So for a day of R&R I hopped into the rental car and headded off to the Pinball Hall of Fame.*Ding-Ding-Ding* You are welcomed at the door by a familiar sound.  But these arent demanding dings.  They are warm and friendly.  A sound from childhood - or at least of a more innocent time.Ding! Each ding pops the magical metal sphere around the table.  I'm on a machine built in 1958, well before I was born.  It's only a quarter, and I'm sucked into a game of skill.  Target shooting, bouncing off bumpers.  I don't care about work, breaking even, or my bad back.  I am a kid again, without a care in the world.*Ding-Ding-Ding*  The game ends and the last few bonus points ring up.  Occasionally your skilled play is enough to earn a free game.  You feel like a champion - a pinball wizard.  You hold your head high and soon you are off to the next game.Ding! What a find.  Most of the machines have little cards on them, giving you a little background on the machine.  Some machines are extremely rare, one of only two in existance.  Unlike any other museum, not only can you touch, you can play them.  You are even encouraged to do so.  Try playing with the bronze heads in the football hall of fame.  They won't even let you pick Larry Csonka's nose.*Ding-Ding-Ding*  Three hours pass, and I have $4 left from the twenty I put into the change machine. I know I'm still in Las Vegas, but for once, I feel good about putting more money into a machine than I am taking out.  In fact, I'd feel guilty for getting so much fun for so little money.  I'd feel guilty, if I didn't feel like such a kid.Plunk.  As cool as this place is, it is seriously lacking in aesthetics.  A hall of fame should be a place that a machine designer should be proud to have their creation in.  A grand building paying homage to those inside.  This is just a warehouse with a plastic banner stretched outside.
5	Man oh man, I would hang out here LIKE CRAZY if I lived in the area.  I grew up with modern pinball machines and they always did way more for me then the run of mill video games.  There's something about the idiosyncrasies of a giant mechanical device and the way you feel connected to it that still appeals to me a great deal more.  And if you do stop by and see a blond woman working on a machine or cleaning up the place say hello.  My girlfriend and I chatted with her for an hour or so but stupidly never thought to ask for her name.  Oh well, she's sweet as can be and probably a little bored.  :-)
5	I like to stop here once a month, spend a few dollars playing some old and some new pinball machines, and relive a bit of my younger days.  Imagine playing an old baseball pinball game where you're pitched a little metal ball and press the button to swing the bat.   Now that's a classic!My wife and a neighbor get their hair done at a nearby salon.  The Hall of Fame gives me the chance to escape from their world of teasing, blow dryers, and hairspray into a world of fantasy.  While I never was a pinball pro, I have been getting enough practice at the new place that I can do relatively well--sometimes.I am so thrilled the PH of F moved from its previous location to this one right off Trop.  It's so easy to get to and the parking is just great!  I am especially glad to see the new mix of customers.  Before it seemed like it was hardcore gamer who came.  Now I see a nice mix of men and women, tourists and locals, young and old.I hope this place keeps doing well.  I'll be back often--well at least once a month!
4	Pin-ball machines (old ones to new ones) + vintage arcades (original mario bros., contra, etc.).Not a bad place to kill some time if you want to get away from the strip.
4	So I have heard about this "pinball museum" from a few different people over the past few months.  My first thought was "In museums you aren't allowed to touch anything so why would I want to stare at a pinball machine and not play it? I mean come on if I stand there and make ding noises is it really the same experience?"So lets set this straight 97% of the machines are in full working order. Most of the machines have a cool bar code that using a downloadable app for your smartphone called "QR app" that you can take a picture and it will give the entire history of the machine. There are plenty of machines to choose from and many dating back to the 60s and 70s.  In addition to older pinball games the latest ones are on display (South Park was hilarious for the quotes and fart noises) too.  Along the side walls there are classic video games ( I played Tron, Spy Hunter, and Punch Out).I have one real gripe that prevented me from giving this place a 5 star review and that is almost all games cost $0.50 to play. For classic games that just seems rather steep to me.If you want to entertain a group of kids or just act like a child make this trip for sure. I of course recommend meeting up with a group of bloggers for drinks and then heading in for the most fun. I would gladly come back here and recommend it to just about anyone!
4	One of the hottest places on Yelp in Las Vegas as rated mostly by the locals.  I was curious to see what all of the fuss was about, and, besides, who doesn't want to visit a place called the "pinball hall of fame"?  Truthfully, the name is a bit of a misnomer.  This is not a polished museum tucked away in one of the corners of the Bellagio.  It's more of a makeshift warehouse located a couple of miles off of the strip, boasting a fairly large number of pinball machines covering more or less the last 70 years of flipper action.  It's basically an arcade since you can play all of the machines on display, at the original prices no less.  The difference is that the selection will include favorites from your youth and probably favorites from your parents youth as well.  The machines are more or less chronologically arranged, so it is pretty neat to walk through history.  High scores move from the thousands to multi-billions.  Extra flippers are added in time as are extra balls, tracks, sound effects, and so forth.  The artwork is especially varied, and there are some really striking machines.  After spending a good time browsing, I finally gave in and changed a few bills for quarters.  I was able to have my hand at no less than 3 different Star Trek pinball machines.  Two of them focussed on the original series, with the one hailing from the 70s.  The third was a next generation version.  Even though the range in age of these 3 games was only about 20 years, it was impressive at how much functionality was added as well as the incorporation of side missions in the overhead screen.  I wanted to get around to the Ted Nugent pinball machine, but I never made it.  Oh well, maybe next time I am in the area.
5	Awesome! Huge selection of pinball machines, and other classic arcade games. Don't be misled, it's not a classy museum. It's a building filled with games. Free to get in. Change machines on site. Ping! Ping!
5	If you like pinball, this is your heaven. Biggest collection of rare pinball machines in the world. This place is run by good people who love pinball. Every time I come to Vegas I stop here and it is well worth it. Bring your kids and share some history with them.
5	WOW! Holy back to the future. HAd such a great time playing pinball games from old to new. I was shocked to see the game Paperboy, one of my all time favs. Played a little Donkey Kong and Centipede, wish they had excitbike or NBA jams but still in all a real blast from the past with some newer games as well. What a non expensive fun night out!
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!! So, I'm a pinball junkie!! Pinball machines are hard to find now a days. Now I know where to find them!! We showed up right @ 11am when they open. Rows and rows of pinball!! Also, kind of dark and creepy!! I love this place already. There is nothing glamorous or pretentious about this place. It's an old fashioned arcade, that still takes quarters. We had a blast here. I love seeing something this simple succeeding.
4	This place is sooo cool.  They have pinball machines as far back to the 50's.  Even though these r old machines, they r in good working shape.  Can spend hrs in here.  Some machines have notecards with the history on them, interesting, dont skip over them.  Luv the .25 popcorn machine, who knows how long that popcorns been in there. Next time I'll bring my kids.
5	Looks seedy on the outside--in fact, it's situated in a decrepit minimal with a new-vegas ghost town feel. Lots of golden oldies and new machines too. Way more fun than a slot machine, and the payout is about the same!
5	Hello! I was in there yesterday and to my surprise they have remodeled their restroom, all new inside and clean. Their soda machine is funny, you pick a item and the machine drops a can a few feet to the bottom....THUMP!!!! You slowly open the can and it sprays soda all over you! I guess that is part of the fun?My only complaint is that if a machine is out of order they don't always label it and you have to ask someone for your money back. There are some older machines that are just sitting their without lights so you don't know if it will wake up if you drop a coin in or if it's sick. Out of order signs would be helpful.Sometimes when you walk around there are some machines with credits on them. I guess some people don't know about the free game/number match "KNOCK" sound and walk away. Oh well, you snooze you lose. ha ha!I really like this place!
5	Its a good place to use some extra casino coins. A lot of awesome machines and really not too far away from things. Spent around $5 for a good hours place on some classic machines.
4	A little dirty and could be a little nicer of a place to put the shop in but otherwise - all games were in good condition and playable.  I did enjoy the old school (50's era) pinball machines.  Cultural goldmine and this place will only get more popular in the future.
5	If you are a fan of pinball machines on any level and you are in Vegas, take a break from the strip, and take a $5 cab ride here. You will smile like a kid again walking through this place and admiring all the 100+ machines. A fantastic way to spend a few hours in Vegas. They had all my favorites: Fun House, Adams Family, Bride of Pinbot, Medieval Madness. I salute the owners of this place, it's a truly amazing collection of fully playable pinball.
5	I only had about 22 hours in LV last week but set one of those aside for the PHOF after Monday Night football.  Games were great as usual and it's the best bang for your buck in town.  Played 70s classics like Lawman and Pro Football as well as the 80s classic Donkey Kong.  Of course I'll be back next time
5	I mean this place is amazing, a great find, a true gem as they say.  What else is there to write, there are 190 other people out here talking about this place and it has stellar reviews so what can I do to convince you to go if you haven't decided to go already.  If you like pinball, video games, americana, the who, flashing lights and loud noises, or if just want something new to do just drive to this place and play some flipping pin ball!
5	After a long wait, I finally got to visit this awesome place! After a glitch on my GPS and several laps around an unknown neighborhood, I was finally there. It really is easy to find. Just don't trust my GPS. Looking at the outside, it doesn't look like much. But once you step in, you're overwhelmed by the immense amount of pinball machines!There's several rows of machines dating about to god knows when. And there is some recent ones... However, I think the older ones are much better to play.I think my boyfriend even enjoyed it despite him being hesitant at first. :op Another good thing is that it is open relatively late. 11pm. Pretty good, not 24 hours, but pretty good. It's a bit creepier late at night because there isn't much people there but it was fun nonetheless.OOoOOOoOo---- in the first row, try the one game with the crane. Oh by god, I suck at it but it's fun. You drop a crane and try to pick up as much seeds as you can. Doesn't sound so fun but it is!I would definitely come here again with a pocketful of quarters!
5	My two boys, 7 and 5, had a great time playing all different new and old pinball machines.  The ladies working there were friendly and helpful.  The new location is much better than the old place.
5	New clean location, little hard to see with the small sign so LOOK as you are driving. Fun as always!
5	Best first date EVER!  Seriously... This is my standard date spot (my secret is out).  It's fun, it's active, it's cheap.  What more could you want in an afternoon/evening/after-dinner time filler?  Hundreds of vintage and contemporary pinball and other arcade/video games fill this warehouse-like space.  Anyone up for an air hockey tournament?I take ALL friends that visit me in Vegas here.  This one of our landmark gems, in my opinion.  If only there were a place like this in my hometown, I don't think I ever would have visited the mall.  I didn't grow up in arcades, so most of the games are new to me, but I find most of the friends I take here have some form of nostalgia over at least one of the games.  Plus, old prices still apply.  There are plenty of games that will only put you out a quarter.  Hours are great (11 - 11 every day) and the selections are constantly changing as they acquire/sell machines (please don't get rid of Medieval Madness!)I can't say enough good things about this place.  Great for all ages, all genders, all the time.  I just wish I discovered it earlier, it took me two years of living here before I was enlightened by it's presence.
5	Awesome place. Cheap entertainment.Not sure why it took me so long to check this place out. I was only there for a few minutes, killing time before heading to the Thomas & Mack for the Rodeo. I put 50c into a Star Wars pinball machine and played the 3 balls. I then put $1 into a TMNT machine and got a lot more plays than I thought I was supposed to. It made me think, "Maybe I left some credit on the Star Wars machine." Sure enough, I went back to it and it had a few more credits left to use.The point of that ramble is this: Your quarters go a long way here. I definitely have to come back. I didn't get to walk around the whole place and check out every row. As others have said, this place is truly a hidden gem.
5	OK I'm in my 40's and well remember all the times I spent at the arcade playing pinball (many moons ago).  If you want relive those carefree days a little then you have to come here. For a recent Vegas trip, my wife was looking for kid friendly places to visit and she came across the Pinball Hall of Fame. This guy has all the great machines dating back to the 60's (perhaps even older) through today. They are all in pristine condition and he even includes some historical descriptions on some.  If there's one that you remember playing, chances are it's here. Do you recall Captain Fantastic or Haunted House?  He's got 'em. So check it out it is a must for any pinball fan.  I give it a solid 5 star rating here.  It's not expensive either.  The Hall of Fame is located on Tropicana, not terribly far from the strip.  It's on your left hand side (if you're headed away from the strip).  Keep in mind that the business' sign is just a banner near the roof line so keep your eyes open.  (One final note) My son, who is an XBOX player, realized Mom and Dad actually had cool games to play too in their heyday.  Imagine that.
4	Amazing place to hang out if you don't want to deal with the crowd and smoking at Circus Circus.All sorts of old school arcade games: Donkey kong, Tron, super mario bros, paper boy, punch out, pacman, Q bert, tetris, bust a move...-Table hockey-PINBALLS!. This place has over 70 pinball machines!: Avatar, star trek, csi, spiderman, Terminator, south park, KISS, bugs bunny, Indian jones...I think everyone should come here at least once
5	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!!!!My sister kept talking about this place and we finally decided to visit during our last trip to Vegas. I really wasn't sure what to expect but I was definitely not disappointed.Rows, rows and more rows of arcade games. If anyone is from the Pasadena area, they'd remember the Pac Man Arcade on Colorado Blvd. I was reminded instantly when I stepped inside, pee smell on the dot.Every single kind of pinball machine your heart could ever imagine plus random arcade games as well, even the Wacky Gator game and some weird alien skee ball game. My favorite games were the old school wooden pinball machines, so awesome and they were only 25 cents each play. Most machines are 50-75 cents a play.Popcorn and old school candy dispensers were a plus! The popcorn was really fresh.A lot of the machines had funny signs describing its history and quirks. I enjoyed this place immensely and will definitely make this a must whenever I come back to the area.
4	Huge variety of pinball machines and a few arcade games. My boyfriend and brother were in gamer heaven. This place celebrates vintage at its least obnoxious and poser-y. The owner/operator spends most of his time wrists-deep maintaining the machines themselves. There is no phone, no credit cards, and no snack bar. Each machine has a hand-written index card with its details, including the year it was released, ranging from the 1950s to today. Baby boomer history geeks will love seeing the really old-school machines with no lights or voiceovers, Generation X folks like myself will appreciate playing their old favorites like Qbert and Star Trek, and it is safe to bring Millennials and younger to this perfect family-friendly stop in a town known for its adult-minded themes.What you see is what you get and what you get in two change machines and rows upon rows of flipping, bumping entertainment.
5	The wife and I decided to give this place a go last night for a nice fun and inexpensive date. We had not visited since the location moved to the much more spacious and easy to get to location. We arrived fairly early for a Friday night, but the place was already hopping with what appeared to be two birthday parties (one for a teenage hipster, and one for an adult hipster - we knew as the teenage hipsters had the faux mustaches and the adult hipsters had the real ones). We put $20 in the change machine and proceeded to have about 2.5 hours of fun. You cannot really beat that anywhere.The PHOF has mostly pinball, but also some other video games and machines. I love coming here because they have the two games that I used to love playing as a kid...Addams Family Pinball and Simpsons Bowling. I could probably go for the Addams Family Pinball game all night long.This placer really is a gem. I cannot say much more that other reviewers have already said. I love that the owners of this establishment donate to charity and that they provide a safe atmosphere for kids of all ages. This is a wonderful place for a date, or to bring out of towners.
4	I only found this place through yelp !!  An amazing place with row after row of pinball machines, a few video games and other interesting games. Even very old reconditioned machines. older games are .25 and .75 for newer games but... get this....... 5 balls per game, just like it used to be. A must see place !!
5	I couldn't believe a place like this in Las Vegas actually existed. Being that I hate the culture of Las Vegas (clubs, etc) I just never really thought there would be something this interesting to do and I have grown up here.I love this place, my friend and I went on a double date with our boyfriends here one week night and we ended up having a really fun time. I thought it would be a great way to spend a night and it certainly was. All the games are operated by actual coins (quarters, nickels, dimes, etc). And they have everything from really old pinball games to really new ones. Also, there are a few classic arcade games that are awesome to play. LOVE this place and if you're looking for something totally different to do in Vegas - than this is it.
5	Forget about nothing else like in Las Vegas, I'm not sure there's anything like it anywhere. Easily one of the best places in town to blow a few hours reliving childhood fun, especially if you were a late-70s-early 80s arcade nut like I was (am?). Massive selection of old and new (and in between) pinball games with just the right amount of video games. It's a must-do when kids are visiting, but I'm not sure they can appreciate the older games. An incredible place that deserves all the support Vegas can give it. Plus, it is set up as a non-profit, so it deserves your support that much more. Do not miss this, and if you like pinball, do not be part of the reason it closes up (if it ever does).
5	What a great way to spend an afternoon in Vegas.  I reccomend taking a cab out there as its a bit off the strip (we walked back, which took a while and was a little shady of an area) and you might miss it as its in an old warehouse, but once you get inside, wow, a pinball lover's dream.  They had so many games that I had never played before, all in nearly full functioning capacity.  They also have a few non-pinball games, but we're here for the pinball =) they had the best functioning Funhouse I've ever played, Bride of Pin*Bot, Black Hole, Haunted House (my darkhorse favorite of the day), plus 100s more.  We talked with one of the owners, who was awesome, and she said that they have 100s in storage too and keep them rotating.  The best part, all proceeds go to the Salvation Army.  You can't beat that.  I dropped about as much in 3 hours as I usually do in a few hands of blackjack (40 bucks) and had so much more fun.  A must do for pinball fans.
5	If you play pinball or want to play this is place. The different types of pinball games are covered here. The condition of the machines are incredible. They also have an awesome soda machine. This is a must see and must do.
5	Best hidden gem of Las Vegas!  Free entrance, a vast plethora of vintage games, and open late.   You will be taken aback when you see some of the game they had restored and you had probably seen as a child years ago.  They keep it old school with the prices, as well.   25-75 cents per game as opposed to $1-2 games you see these days in other arcades.  A must see when visiting Las Vegas
5	If you love pin ball the way i used to, man this place brings back major memories!! But do not drive too fast or you will pass it by! Wish they would rock some good tunes or have a DJ that would rule!! But then i guess you would not get to hear the machine do its thing? Right?
4	If you are into pinball, then this is the place to go. Prices are exactly what you'd pay in a normal video arcade (if you can even find one, nowadays). Machines from the 60's and 70's are only a quarter to play, while the newer ones range from 50 cents to 75 cents. No need to go into much detail as this place contains what seems like over 100 machines from all eras. If pinball is your thing, then this will satisfy your craving. My only gripe is the directions from the website. It says it's about 1.5 miles (12 blocks) off the strip starting from the MGM Grand. It says you can walk it from the MGM Grand. I did walk there but came back to my hotel and did a little Map Quest on how far I actually walked. Instead of the 1.5 miles off the strip, it's actually closer to 3 miles. If you're here during the cooler months, then you can still choose to walk, but I'd recommend spending about $15 for the quick cab ride. Even factoring in the cost of the cab, it's still like a $25 total cost once you play about 10 bucks worth of games there. And in Vegas terms, that's really a bargain activity.
4	I don't know what else to say other than this is a huge warehouse that has tons of pinball games.  Old, new (The Iron Man 2 game is AWESOME!!!) this place has so much cool stuff and they all have description of the machines on them (where they're from, a little history, etc.). It's fun just to watch some of the guys that work there play a game or two.This is how I like to lose my money in Vegas!
5	I've lived in Vegas for 15 years, and I remember the days going to Mary K's arcade in the Sahara Commercial Center. I love video games, and always liked playing pinball as a kid.Run, do NOT walk here! This place is a trip back in history, and you can play it, as well. If you love pinball, you will be in HEAVEN. There are some really cool old machines, and VERY cool new ones. (Batman and Iron Man, i'm looking at you, boys)My one teeny-tiny gripe, was the lack of good video games. No PacMan? Only Ms. PacMan? WTH? Tempest was out of order, and it made me a sad panda. The lack of good fighting games also was a let-down. NO SNK machines, and again..I was dissapointed. But, I still had fun here, and will be going much more often.
5	Wonderful place!  I visit LV about twice and year and always go the this place.
5	This has to be one of the coolest man-made places on earth. I always wanted to go and I finally did it tonight.Walking down the aisles of seemingly countless machines, all I could say to myself over and over was, "Wow," as each machine either evoked a memory or impressed me with its history. The place reminded me of an arcade my dad used to take me to in Costa Mesa.Each machine seemed to have a memory attached to it: Fireball (Eric Freedman's house), Pinbot (UCLA), Cyclone (PCC), Tommy (Santa Anita Lanes), the list goes on and on. Plus there is just about every old non-digital Gottlieb machine with the Vegas art and the scrolling numbers. They also have the old baseball machines.On most machines, the owners have a write-up showing the year it was released, how many were made, how commercially succesful it was, who the designers were, where it was found, when it was refurbished...Next time you're in Vegas, check it out!
5	If there were 10 stars I would give them. THE best selection of pinball I've ever been near, barring conventions. From the earliest machines, without flippers, to the EM era, classics, and new Sterns. The hall has it all! Played the new Rolling Stones machine while there. Also was able to play Cactus Canyon, a rare (under 1000 made) unbelievable game. Everytime I'm in Vegas this place is manditory
5	I finally made it over here as part of my latest date night - something I have been wanting to do for a long time. To me, this place just screamed fun and interesting, and a great date place. Thankfully, I wasn't one bit disappointed - and it was even better than I thought.For about $10, my date and I spent a couple of hours playing and learning. Most games were $0.50. And most of the games had a handwritten card on them with info about the history of that particular machine. A lot of the machines now also have those square barcodes - so if you've got an app for that (and we did), you can get info on your phone about the release date, some history, etc.I was particularly enthralled by the older games that pre-dated my existence (particularly those baseball game ones). My date loved being able to play the games he played during his childhood. All in all, a definite must-do. Even if you don't like pinball and/or have never played it (which was me), you'll love this place. And it is more than just pinball - there are other arcade-type games too, and from all eras.
5	From the moment I walked in the door I was smiling. The initial shock of the dim inside may be a bit much from the South facing doors but lets your eyes adjust and you will be amazed. The front row is all of the new stern machines, rom versions are often listed. Go down the isles and see classic machines, and other unique machines with a small story write up about them.Enjoy the non pinball items from classic pong and punchout arcade games to claw grabber and ski ball.Hungry  $.25 buys a bag of popcorn form a neat old machine. Thirsty? There is a modern drink despiser.Need quarters? There are three or more change machines that give real quarters not  tokens. Their site has a full list of machines. Most are well maintained and fully functional.
4	As a cab driver in Las Vegas I'm often asked about fun places to go that don't cost a lot.  This is definitely in that category.While most of my friends know this is one of my favorite places to go, I feel the need to Yelp it.  The machines in the Pinball Hall of Fame are all in working order (much better than any bar or normal arcade where sometimes the flippers or bumpers work when they want to) and are really inexpensive to play.  Most of the machines are a quarter or two. They also have an assortment of older video games for those of you who aren't into playing really cool vintage pinball machines.Either way, this is definitely a place you should visit if you're here in Vegas!
5	From the reviews I knew I was in for a great time but I didn't expect walking into a building with a banner on the door to find a great place to play pinball and some classic video games.  For 5 dollars we spent 2 solid hours there.  If you love playing pinballs games like Cyclone or Pin-Bot they have it.  They even had some machines dating back before the 70's.  I was amazed by the number of games they had and they even had new Stern machines (not my favorite but its new so I had to play it).  If you are into pinball this is a must see as the boards are clean and many of the lights were upgraded to LEDs.I could spend hours here as they had Tron to Donkey Kong. If you are one for classic gaming this is a place to check out.
4	I am in town for a conference, and being a giant pinball nerd, the PHoF was high on my list of extra-curricular activities to do while here. After dinner, I grabbed a cab from my strip hotel and gave the cabbie the address. A $15 ride later, I arrived at the nondescript building with a simple nylon banner reading "Pinball hall of fame".  Very simple exterior. Nothing flashy.  I expected more glitz on the outside considering the number of flashing multicolored lights housed within. But oh well, I'm not here to see the exterior!  I'm here to play pinball!Wow. I was as happy as a pig in poop as soon as I walked in the door. It was the highest concentration of pinball machines I have ever seen. I was greeted by wall of modern Stern machines.  Whoa! They seem to have them all.  Next I tour around the facility, 5 huge aisles with machines on both sides of them. The machines range from rare vintage machines to the latest Sterns.  If you have a favorite machine, or that classic machine that you played as a kid, it is likely here.  I found nearly all of the 80s machines that first got me into pinball ... Haunted House, Cyclone, High Speed.  I asked where "Taxi" was (my favorite 80s machine) and was told it was on route to the Riviera.  I also found the late 90s and modern machines that I love ... Scared Stiff, Theater of Magic, Champion Pub, Lord of the Rings, Guns n Roses, etc.  Even better, there were tons of machines that I have never heard of that were fantastic!  Bad Cats? Strikes and Spares? Cactus Canyon?  All were new to me and I've never had the opportunity to play them until now.  Even the relatively lackluster Q-Bert pinball was a welcome sight, just because of its obscure quirkiness. They even have a rare and playable Pinball Circus (only 2 made) that was amazing to see and play.Aside from pinball, they have a nice assortment of classic arcade cabinets, vending machines and miscellaneous coin-ops.A few things bugged me though, hence my 4-stars rather than 5.  For one, there were a considerable percentage of dark machines which is understandable given such a large collection, but it was disappointing none-the-less. The facility was a bit dirty with popcorn and trash on the floor and the non-play areas of the room in cluttered disarray. The bathroom was fairly gross.  The tech on duty was terse and cold when I asked a few questions. Lastly, and maybe most importantly, the neighborhood was a little sketchy at night. I was aggressively panhandled by a pair of whacked-out crackheads while waiting for the bus to get back to the strip. It was uncomfortable at best.These gripes aside, it was pinball nirvana for me.Pros:  * Unbelievable and unparalleled collection of tables including classics, obscures and best sellers* Much more fun than throwing money into slots* 25 cent popcorn* Vegas friendly hours* Quarters, not tokens* Pineapple slice soda in the vending machine* Easy to get to via a cab from the strip.* close to city bus back to the stripCons:* shady neighborhood at night* lots of dark machines* gross bathroom* generally dirty and cluttered areas* staff lacked social skills
5	I cannot even tell you how great this place is! It's full of classic pin machines from the 40s - 2000s, all playable and ready to take your best shot. Some of these pins were even featured in the "Pinball Hall of Fame" game for the Wii! Best of all, it's a non-profit - the proceeds are donated to the Salvation Army. I played for 3 hours on $12 of quarters, and let me say it was the most fun I've ever had in Vegas (and the cheapest, too!).The building is nondescript from the outside - a tan concrete block edifice with banner signage, so travel slowly or use a GPS so you don't miss it. It's on the southeast side of town, by the airport, so you won't have to buck Strip traffic to get there. Go with a pack of like-minded friends and you'll have a ball! Literally.
5	==Pinball Hall of Fame==This has to be one of the best pinball places I have ever been too! They have machines from waaaaay back in the days to the most modern pinball machines here. Range from 25 cents to 2 dollars for 1 play. They have old school wooden ones, non-electronic ones, to 3D 3 level pinball machines! They also have some very old classic arcade games here as well that you can play. You can spend hours in here!!!! It's great and brings back lots of memories if you love old fashion pinball machines.If you come to vegas, YOU MUST VISIT THIS PLACE!!!PROS::1] LOTS and LOTS of pinball machines2] The staff is very helpful and even offers free games :P3] Very inexpensive to play these games, as low as 25cent a gameCONS::1] None really, best to take a bus here if you don't have a car. It will take awhile but it's not that bad, 10mins each way.
4	Games: +5Customer service: -1My first thought upon walking in was: "I've never seen so many pinball machines in my life." The Pinball Hall of Fame is a great way to spend a morning/afternoon in Vegas on the cheap; most games were no more than 75 cents for 5 balls and many gave you bonus rounds.The games were awesome! I played everything from a weird Arabian Nights-themed game from 1953 to a Pirates of the Caribbean-themed machine from this century.  The best games were the Monster Mash Ball (right next to the entrance door) and the Mario Brothers one (on the far right if you're facing the back). The people who work there were kind of unfriendly, but even that couldn't ruin the amazingness of pinball machines.
4	For the cost of a high-fructose corn syrup-laden alcoholic squishee, you can have an afternoon worth of fun at this palace of pinball not too far off the strip. We were broke from all our fine dining, so we followed the instructions on the website and took the bus to get here. Despite its nondescript exterior (and interior for that matter) and charmless location, this is heaven for any pinball lover. Hundreds of lovingly restored machines spanning at least five decades await. There's no fee to enter; you only pay by shoving quarters into the irresistible machines. Virtually everything works because this place is a labor of love. All the money they make goes maintenance or charity. My only wish is that it was a bit brighter. It was difficult to enjoy some of the artwork on the playing fields. That's a tiny complaint against a hidden gem though. No frills, just fun.
5	5 Stars for unique factor.  I have never been to such an establishment, it's great.  I want to say there's about 50 pinball machines.  To be honest though, I like the newer machines more than the old ones.My favorites are the new Batman one and Iron Man.  This place definitely takes you back into time.  Playing on the TMNT or the Star Wars machine is so nostalgic, or seeing Micheal Keaton's face on the older batman brings back so many memories.Not the most romantic of places for a date, but def a place to go with your friends or a chill night.
4	I've been hearing about this place for some time and finally made my way down there a couple weeks ago.  It's not in the nicest of neighborhoods and it's pretty plain from the outside.... but ignore all of that because this place is awesome.Where else can you play pinball games from the 1950s??  And seeing games from when my husband and I were growing up brought back so many memories for us to talk about (Ninja Turtle arcade game anyone?).  All the machines take quarters, not tokens, and many of the older machines have cards providing information on when they were made.The only downside is that the place is a bit disheveled... not much of an order to where the machines are placed, a little dingy, poorly lit, etc etc.  But considering their fan base, this isn't much of an issue.I highly recommend this place, esp if you're a local.
5	Pinball Hall of Fame.  This is pretty cool, they have some 50's era machines that work and can be played.  They must have about 200 or more machines including the newer video type.  One machine is a guaranteed prize - stop the lights and you get the prize.  Hubby - a plastic ring.  BFF - a whistle.  Me - a whoopee cushion. Definitely worth a stop!
5	this place is so fun! and i can bring my girlfriend and six year old and feel very safe. alot of tech guys come here to get their fix. the guy who works here is pretty quite but if you have questions he has no problem helping you. coin machines always stocked and some games dont work. in case you get ripped off just ask for a refund on that game and he will hep you. anyways very cool place to kill 2 hours of your time. they have candy and soda vending machines. check it out
5	Simply amazing. Rows and rows of pinball machines from every era. The level of dedication to restoration is outstanding. Always new machines coming in and all the money goes to charity. I'll never get tired of this place.
5	I'm a regular here. It's good to go on dates, family outings, or even by myself. I'm fairly awful at pinball but love playing regardless, so it's a little bit more expensive for me than it seems to be for others, but I'm more than happy to grab 10-20 bucks in quarters to relive the arcade filled excitement of my youth. Tonight I went and noticed a few new machines including one from the '20s that flips pictures to create a moving scene (pretty neat!) and Tron. My favorite machine? The one you stand on that vibrates violently from the feet up to "rejuvenate" your legs. One of the ladies working behind the desk one day told me that she saw some little girls sitting on the vibrating platform giggling and just had to laugh because they had no idea what the weird sensation was.Employees do not go out of their way to "serve" you, but are you really coming to the pinball museum to be served? If you have a problem with a machine, they are more than happy to help. I once dropped a bouncy ball that I won under a pinball machine that couldn't be reached and the guy working not only grabbed it with a broom, but gave me an extra for free. :) So no, they are not going to seek you out to be friendly, but they are most definitely not rude as stated in other reviews.I love the Pinball Hall of Fame and am always happy to pump quarters into the machines. I always grab a few extra dollars in quarters for the fifty cent machines (tonight's haul of comic character figurines was impressive) and popcorn. I could spend all day here if my parties did not always drag me out.
5	I give 5 STARS right off the bat since there is no other place like this that I have heard of or at least visited! The Nostolgic feeling that riveted through my body is unexplainable, even stronger than my oral orgasms from an awesome dining experience. I never knew about it until a friend of mine who happens to live across the street introduced me to it.So one night we walked over, under the influence and I just thought was the coolest place, I wanted to set up a cot and just camp out for the night. I had fun playing pinball among other fun games that brought me back to the 80's. It is like a wherehouse type of building, no air conditioning was on that night, I was sweating my tatas off and that is not fun when you are as well endowed as I am! Driving past this place you will not know what it is or have a clue what is beyond that little door. The signage is almost discrete! lol only found out about it from a local neighborhood chum. Check this place out!I want to come again!
5	This place is a blast...........there is nothing else like this anywhere in Vegas!!!.  They have hundreds of games, mainly pinball, plus other classic games available to look at and play.  A huge chunk of the games are only a quarter to play...Some of the newer games are more expensive, but still no more than $.50 or $.75 each...They are about 5-10 mins east of the Strip on Tropicana.
5	This is pretty much the best place in Vegas!  I honestly don't understand how anyone could not give the PHoF 5 stars.  History, entertainment, and just downright cheap fun.  And it's a great place for pretty much all ages...8 to 80.I remember going to this flea market back in the early-90's when we lived in Louisiana that had this section with about a dozen or so pinball machines and about 7 arcade games.  I thought it was one of the greatest places in the world!  Well here there are over 150 pinball games, and over 50 arcade games!  And they're constantly bringing in and restoring new machines to add to the madness.I've gone in here with $20 of quarters and have stayed and played off of it for 2+ hours.  I challenge you to find a better deal where you'll have more fun here in town.  I'd much rather come here and play some rad games that you probably won't find anywhere else than go to a casino and throw the money down the drain in one of the many boring slot machines.I have a handful of favorite machines in here.  The Indiana Jones one is pretty sweet.  The Simpson's Pinball Party machine is a great play too.  The Elvira Scared Stiff game is fantastic!  And then some of the older games that I remember playing as a kid are here...ones like Pin-bot, Gilligan's Island, Twilight Zone, Rocky & Bullwinkle, and Superman. If you come in here and play just one game thou, make it the Pinball Circus machine!  It's 1 of only 3 that have ever been produced, so this is about as rare as it gets in the pinball world.  It's a fun play, with all sorts of different specials and levels that you can play on.  A true piece of history!The artwork on most every game in here is awesome!  Especially the ones from the 50's and 60's.  I believe the oldest game in here that I've seen is from 1947, and they have a handful of one's from the past 10 years, thou honestly I don't think they're that fun of a play since they're more about being flashy instead of being a truly fun play.They've really been upping the amount and variety of the arcade games in here.  Classics like Ms Pac-Man, Donkey Kong, Paperboy, Punch Out, Tron, Spy Hunter, etc.  The arcade selection here is even greater than the piss-poor collection that Insert Coins down on Fremont Street has.  And the games here are actually arranged in a nice and easy to play manner...also these games actually work and don't steal your quarters.In the end...you really can't go wrong with the Pinball Hall of Fame.  It's some of the best times you'll ever in Vegas, whether you're a local or a tourist!
5	super awesome!!!
5	What a great place to escape and have a blast!  So many games to choose from, so many fun old time games!  They have a change machine to break bills as large as $20's which is great. We had such a great time and time flew by so fast!  We could not believe we had been there for 2 hours and only spent as much as a movie.  I highly recommend taking yourself, family, friends, out of towners, to the Pinball Hall of Fame!
5	This place is as good as it gets if you're a big kid, or a little kid, or maybe just a little immature, or if you like to have fun!!! You might not expect it when you approach this simple building on Tropicana, but the place is packed with every pinball game you would ever want to play! If you are in Las Vegas, it's a must visit. Get a roll of quarters and check out of adult life for a few hours.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Vegas!   It's a little bit of a trek off-strip and was recently moved into this old office-stylse building which is somewhat off-putting but inside is so awesome!  Whenever we're in Vegas we always stop in and play a few games.  It is lots of fun and I 100% recommend checking this place out if you have a few spare hours.
5	This is one of those places that all the hipsters and cool people dig...which usually means I hate it. But it's actually super-badass! If  you're a gamer or pinball aficionado, of course you'll dig it... so this review is for people like me, who despise video games. Fellow anti-gamers, if a significant other drags you here, don't worry -- there is plenty to keep you entertained! The artwork on some of the old-time pinball machines is awesome -- favorites include Night Rider (70s truck-stop motif), Guns 'N' Roses (you can get a bonus where a hot bitch takes her top off!), and the self-explanatorily-awesome Nugent. So if you approach this place like an art gallery, you'll be totally rewarded.It's not just pinball, either -- they have all these weird, creepy old-time arcade amusements, like this creepy marionette clown-in-a-box that you control by pushing buttons. There's no score, or bonus levels...you just make him dance around by pushing buttons. Simpler times! Then there's the baseball game in which you control an actual doll, helping him swing his bat at a ping-pong ball that hovers over a gust of air that you also control. If that's not enough, the guy who runs the place moseys around giving advice, and he's super interesting to talk to. And his workshop is interesting to peruse...he's got all these old gutted machines out and ready to be repaired.And if you get thirsty, there's a machine selling old-time throwback sodas, which adds to the retro arcade feel. Now all they need is a pimply, fuzzy-lipped 15-year old stoner in a jean jacket selling weed out back. Goooooooooood times!
4	My husband and I are total gamer geeks and took a side trip to the Pinball Hall of Fame today. We had a whole sack of change on hand, basically loose coins that were leftover from our slots play during our week on the Strip. We had a lot of fun gawking at the game machines of yesteryear and would definitely go back to this place. A must see.
5	I enjoy pinball, and there is no shortage of it here in Portland.  However, we decided to go check out the Hall of Fame when we hit Vegas last week.  Finding the creepy warehouse like building with the plywood sign was an adventure in itself.  Not that it's hard to find or anything, but riding the bus off strip into the real Las Vegas is fun in my book.Anyway, the place was dark, no formal greetings (in fact I didn't really see anyone there that looked like they actually worked there which was kinda disconcerting but added to the weird and awesome vibe), and pretty much empty when we visited late on a Wednesday night.Lots of games that I didn't know existed and that can't be found in Portland.  If you're into super retro games this is definitely your place, but I found it kind of lacking on games from the 80s which are my favorite.All and all we had a blast, we kinda felt like we were in the arcade scene from Hobo with a Shotgun so that was most excellent.  Well, minus coke fueled violence and hobos with shotguns.....Anyway, check this place out!!
4	this place is loads of fun.... especially for a dedicated non-gamer like myself. Just pinball machines... pump in quarters and play.  No online geekdom fraternity networks- simply metal balls & bumpers & bells.  A quick bike ride down the street from my house too! gotta luv it.
5	My boyfriend and I visited the PHoF back in 2008. I don't know exactly how we found it, but we stumbled in and spent about three hours playing games, taking photos, and talking with the owner. We were the only people in the whole building.Loved it then, and loved it last weekend, when we were surprised to see that they had expanded to a larger location, added many games, and even added an expanded selection of arcade classics like Joust! It was even a bit crowded! Cool! (for the most part...some of the kids were kicking the machines. Not cool!)For those of us that grew up in the 70's and 80's, the nostalgia is undeniably strong here - as is the sense of history and effort to preserve these machines. Since they're becoming more and more rare and are (often) horded by collectors or sitting broken in some bar basement, it's cool that the owner has undertaken the huge effort of restoring and researching each game and making them available for the public at a reasonable price. There's still no admission cost and the games are all reasonable - actually most of them cost what they would normally cost--from 25 -75 cents. Now, almost all the games have a scannable QR code (although it is kind of dark, it worked great on my phone), so you can "save" the games you want to learn more about or send info to friends who don't have the pleasure of joining you for a little blast from the past.The machines are in different conditions and are restored as much as possible to *original* condition - and ton of the machines are older versions of the games you might be familiar with in your local pub or arcade. Some machines are rare promos not found often (like the Guns and Roses game!) and others were pretty common (I think everyone from my generation knew/loved Adams Family!). I actually heard a couple of people griping about some of the machines not working. Well...It takes money, time, and finding parts to fix the machines, so sometimes, they will be down. If the lights are all off, I wouldn't suggest throwing a lot of quarters into a game. Seems like common sense to me, but I think that was one frustration a few fellow visitors were having. It kind of sucks, but you can either appreciate seeing the machine and learning a bit about the history, or you can gripe and complain. And hey, the money goes to charity and to preserving the PHoF. That's better than laundry any day. This place is especially geared towards curious nostalgia-seekers and pinball geeks out there - myself included. BUT it also appeals to the casual gamer and non-gamer like my boyfriend. If you are a supergeek, though, I would highly recommend checking out the Internet Pinball Database before/after visiting, too: http://www.ipdb.org for more info on your favorites. I bet you'll find most of them here and in working condition. :)
5	Love this place! It is far from fancy, just a big empty building with concrete floors but the draw of course is row after row of pinball machines!  Some are really old, 1940's and older if I remember correctly. This place totally brings out the kid in me and everyone I have brought there.  It just move to this location a couple years ago now I believe but it is now a few blocks closer to the Strip and just a couple blocks east of Maryland Parkway (where UNLV is located) so is more convenient.  Go and have fun!
4	I could have played South Park multiple times over. The only thing missing was Fred Savage during his Wizard years. I would have shared a Coke (2 straws) with him back in those days!I suppose when I read "Hall of Fame" I pictured framed placards showcasing the special nuances of each machine. But, some handwritten lined paper sufficed. That makes it ghetto fabulous right? Between the dim lighting and the abundance of quarters--thanks to the change machines, it was a little too easy to be mesmerized by the flashing lights and the bouncing balls!
5	Who has that tagline... "where a kid can be a kid!" ?This is exactly where an adult can be a kid!My ten dollars in quarters left my pocket faster than you can say "holy crap there's four balls bouncing around at once".What a gem!
5	A pocketful of quarters and it's on! We've brought some out-of-towners who seemed less impressed, which got us thinking if we should really be friends with anyone who disliked this joint? Stale popcorn and vintage pinball is a purrrfect sleepy sunday night elixir. I am always torn between the Adams Family and KISS machines_Gene Simmons and Morticia Adams rob me blind everytime! Still LOVE this place, although I would like to fashion them a proper Oldskool sign_intially hard to find.
5	I have been going to the Pinball Hall of Fame since it opened at its original location by the old dollar theater on Pecos and Trop. The new location is really great and feels so much more comfortable (not so hot) than the old place!I hadn't had a chance to play pinball since I had a baby last year, so this was a real treat. And it's nice that the place has more volunteers/employees now. This really is a fun place to go for adults and kids! True story: I've gone there for two wedding anniversaries and a birthday. Great mix of old games and brand new games. (My all-time fav is Scared Stiff. But I had fun on the new Iron Man game this time around.) So, this is a pinhead's dream spot and we're lucky to have it here in Sin City! Best of all, proceeds benefit charities! How can you beat that?
5	This place is incredible with the amount of dedication put forth in maintaining all of those pinball machines. On the website they have listed about 150 pinball machines plus other arcade games are also available for play as well. The location is well hidden and took me a second glance to finally realize where it was.Anyway since I live here for the summer I love to nerd it up here playing all of these pinball games from the past. I actually own the P: HoF Williams Collection on the Wii so it was great to see half of those tables here available for play. Those tables would include Black Knight, Fire Power, Funhouse, Pinbot, and Space Shuttle.P: HoF is truly a hidden gem here in Las Vegas.
5	Spent $80 on all day passes at GameWorks on the Strip the previous day, and the following day we came here. For $25, we had way more fun than we did the previous day.The machines were fun, a lot of nostalgia for games I played as a kid, and the kids loved playing pinball. There were some arcade games as well, but the focus was pinball.The 4 of us decided after hours of pinball that we wanted a snack... so 4 drinks out of the machine ($1 each) and 4 bags of popcorn from the machine (25 cents each), and for $5 total we had a fun little snack that allowed us to continue on our way sans hunger.Bottom line - a group of 4 people (2 adults, 2 kids) was here for 2-3 hours, spent $25 total including snacks, and was thoroughly entertained. Consider that I then dropped $28 for the 2 kids to take a single 2-minute ride on the NY-NY roller coaster later that night, and you can easily see the value of this gem!
4	The Pinball Hall of Fame right outside the Las Vegas Strip is a great place to visit and relive some of the pinball glory days.The establishment itself looks a tad run down but what's inside is what matters. Upon entering the building you'll find all sorts of pinball machines from every era imaginable. I'm still a kid at heart and enjoy gaming so this was a great place to make a stop.There's notes on many of the pinball machines, dating them, explaining a bit about their history, and when they were reconditioned. Alas there were a number of machines that were no longer in operation (which accounts for the -1 star) but other than that, it's a great way to spend a couple hours (or a day) in Las Vegas.
5	This place is one of Las Vegas' hidden gems. I have lived here practically my entire life and didn't discover this place until about two years ago.As you can imagine, the place is filled with pinball machines both new and old. Some of them even date back to the 1950s. A lot of the older machines have a little piece of paper that says what year the machine was made and some history behind it. There is even a row of old school arcade games such as Space Invaders, Donkey Kong, and Super Mario Bros. What really impressed me was the Paper Boy machine as that was my favorite NES game when I was a little girl.The best part about this place is there is no cover charge, and most of the machines are either 25 or 50 cents. The newer pinball machines are 75 cents, but I rarely play them. If you are a looking for something to do in Vegas but don't have a lot of money to spend, this is the place to go.
5	One of the coolest places in Las Vegas! machines are a quarter, They have all the classics, and it seems they have added a bunch since we went last year.. coupled with tons of great classic arcade games..paperboy, Gyruss, frogger, Donkey Kong Jr. Spyhunter, This place is a MUST visit to take two hours out of your Vegas experience if you are over the age of 25! Nostalgia at its best!
5	Yelp reminded me that I've had this bookmark for over 4 1/2 years... and I finally made it here this weekend.  It's insane - so very many old pinball machines!  It was so neat to play the older machines that you've never even seen before.  I also really enjoyed the Pinball Circus machine - one of only 3 in the world - even though I sucked at playing it. ;)  A good variety of machines here, but I wished all of them were functional.  It's a non-profit organization though, so I can't complain too much. ;)  Free admission and several machines to give you more quarters.
5	This was so fun.  Very un-Vegas. The building is older, no glitz or glam. It was hot in there too. Maybe shouldn't have gone in the heat of the day.  I'm still saying 5 stars!  My husband and I had so much fun playing some of our favorite old games. We learned about really old pinball games.  Hardly spent any money.  Not an arcade, more like a museum where you get to touch everything. Really nothing compares. Free to get in. Some of the machines already had credits on them like an employee was feeding them or something. It was awesome!!
5	Great variety of machines from many eras and lots of fun.
2	Ok, I read all the reviews and see the 5 star rating and I don't get it.  They do have a lot of nice old machines, but about 1/3 of them aren't working.  There's really no polish or finish to this place, just a warehouse with machines.  How do they call it a Hall of Fame when there's no history, other than a 5x7 card under the glass with some scribbled notes?  I spoke with some big, old guy sitting in the back at a desk with a ton of pinball rubble around him and he had absolutely no useful information.  He reminded me of Jabba the Hut of the pinball world.  Anyway, I think was worth a visit, but don't expect any more than a bunch of old machines in a warehouse.Previously I visited the old time arcade on Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco, now that place was about 10x better than this place.
5	LOVE these old-school pinball machines.  A must see!
5	There are other arcades in Las Vegas, but this one is the granddaddy of them all.  They have everything from the oldest wooden pinball machines to ones that are surprisingly newly made.  Got all of my favorite video game cabinets too.  You also need to visit the new store Gamers Paradise next door. You can play a few games in there For Free! Plus they have a huge selection of home consoles and games for sale.  Be sure to get some snacks while at the Hall of Fame, both the money from them and the Hall of Fame arcades go to charity. How amazing is that? Have some good fun and do some good for people in need at the same time.  Best part of it is that they don't toot their own horn about it. So I'll toot it for them :)
5	Fun place for a date, where you can play for an hour or two with $10.  My friends from Washington and Michigan insist we come play here every time they come to town.  We love it.  :-)
4	I've been coming to this place for years. I've been to the old location and now at the new one which is closer to the strip. The new one is so much bigger and nicer. A BIG thank you to the owner(s) for doing this for those of us that grew up playing pinball.Anyone who loves pinball will be in heaven at this place. It's great fun and where else can $5 last you for hours. I've from the Bay Area and always visit at least once during each visit to Vegas. On my last few visits I've noticed a few things that put me off a bit. Several of the machines are not working or those that are have poor flipper issues (which really impacts your game). I don't see the "hippy guy" that I saw years ago there fixing machines (so maybe that is why so many are down). However, if you want to play some of the newer machines, this is the place as they have a great selection of both new and old.And sadly, it's pretty messy in there and the bathroom is pathetic. It would be great if they had a display that talks about the history of pinball and a nice cafe or coffee joint. There is plenty of room for one. Actually, this place needs to move to a dedicated location on the strip (inside one of the strip hotels). It could be a real museum and would be accessible to so many more visitors. I know I'm dreaming here but how cool would that be. It would save a drive or cab from the strip.In short, this place is great fun but it does need some improvement. With some more investment in the physical appearance of the place, a cafe, exhibit and staff to fix all the broken games, it could be amazing.The PG&E bill must be really high here. The machines suck the power and put out some heat. That, along with the A/C constantly running in the summer -- wow.  I can only imagine what it costs to actually power this place.
5	Forget about anything videogame-related on the Strip.  For a twenty-buck cab ride to the University neighborhood, you'll be treated to pinball (and some classic video arcade game) heaven.I actually enjoyed playing the older machines better than the newest ones (and there are some NEW ones...Tron Legacy for example.  I seriously had no idea these things were still being built!) simply because getting a thousand points is a challenge in itself.  I really felt like I had accomplished something after gaining a replay on the Carnival machine (1957, one of only 300 ever made).  It's cool how the scores on pinball machines over time have reflected the bullshit that is inflation!  I will ALWAYS come back here when I visit Sin City.
5	This place is pretty bad ass!  I mean I grew up loving pinball games..and this place has at least 150 to 200 of em from the early 1900's on to 2011...A bunch of the old ones are still 25 cents and you can still win free games...They also have vintage arcade machines...If you ever come to Las Vegas you should check it out...I can spend a couple of hours here...and the thing is they still have them set so you can win free games and match games as well...I try to stop by here every trip for a lil fun relaxation and it's hard to lose too much money here!
5	Awesome selection of both pinball and arcade games. Bring cash for quarters. No snackbar. Soda machine with great selection of off the wall sodas.
4	This place is a solid 4/5 stars and could easily be a 5/5 with a little investment in the property. The Pinball Hall Of Fame is somewhat lacking in decor, but that is also some of the charm of this place. It is located off the strip and somewhat hidden, but well worth the drive or cab-ride over.  Its located in a pretty good area, considering that you're still in Las Vegas. Seems safe enough and there weren't scary people around hanging out.From the outside it is hardly recognizable and unmarked with the exception of a small banner hung on the building. This place could certainly benefit from the investment of a street sign and larger sign on the building itself. Not only would it add to the overall atmosphere, but it would probably lead to increased business by driving foot traffic inside. If increased patronage is even their goal?Upon entering you are overwhelmed by the huge collection of arcade and pinball machines. Again the inside is relatively plain and the pile of pinball machine carcasses are reminiscent of a more cleanly episode of hoarders. The dim lighting helps accent all of the awesome pinball machines you probably haven't played in years. A small investment to improve the decor of the place inside could go a long way, even something as simple as stenciling pacman/dots on the walls.Decor aside, this place has the most impressive collection of pinball machines I have ever witnessed. They have some really interesting old games, some that I have not ever played anywhere else. Other reviews have listed some of the games that are available, so I wont bore you with a list...but I can almost guarantee you'll find plenty of games that aren't listed in any of these reviews. I read a few reviews that mentioned there are usually a few games that are down, but the upside is that the list of out-of-order games changes frequently so I imagine that you could often play something new.This place is very economical, $5 goes a long way. Don't even waste your money on the larger arcade attractions on the strip and give your money to a not-for-profit like this place. The restrooms are fairly clean and they have popcorn/soda available. While you're in the area, you might as well go down the street to Metro Pizza. Its the best pizza that i've had in Vegas.
4	Escape the strip and make your way down Tropicana via cab or rental car. Arrive at the scene and find a white nondescript building with a small and sad vinyl sign that reads "Pinball Hall of Fame". Step inside and let your eyes adjust. It's dark in there, as it should be. Play all 150 machines ranging from the 1950s through today. Spend at least $40 doing so. The older machines typically cost 25 cents while the newer games run 50 cents or more.Take a break from the flippers and grab an old school soda and popcorn. They're tasty and certainly fitting for this venue.Finally, do yourself a huge favor and play Time Machine. Best audio in any pinball machine ever. Love it!
5	Its nice to know that we still have a Good old Fashion arcade in town. I love the fact that I can come in and play these Pinaball machines and not even worry about them breaking down, since the owner keeps everything in good shape. This man does not STOP working on these machines, and his love for the machines is the reason this place is so Great
4	This place is little more than a warehouse stuffed to the gills with pinball and other types of gaming machines.  It's no frills, it's a little stuffy and warm inside...but boy, I could spend hours and hours here.  I LOVE pinball and getting to play all different kinds just turns me back into a 12 year old.It was hubby's 40th birthday and his request was that we make a stop here during our visit to Vegas.  This was our third time visiting but he wanted to make sure we spent more time here than before. We dragged three other people with us who ended up having some fun too.An older gentleman makes his rounds every once in a while (the "curator" of this museum), checking to make sure everyone was having fun.  He was a kindly man who offered refunds when a machine would take your money and not give you any games.  I lost about a buck but didn't think about getting a refund since I think this place is not-for-profit??A couple of us scored some stick-on moustaches from one of the vending machines (a giant gumball machine) and walked around with our new facial hair.The afternoon was quite a delight and I believe my husband was extremely satisfied with his birthday request.
5	I don't know what I like more: the fact that there is a place in Vegas where I can spend hours playing pinball and video games for their original price of 1 quarter (well, some newer ones are more expensive); or the fact that the hundreds of machines are maintained and curated by one guy as a labor of love.Some folks don't like the fact that the museum is off-strip in some random warehouse building without the glitz and glamour of a big-budget "attraction." These are the things I *love* about it. I love that the hall of fame is run by someone who loves pinball more than they love money. I love that I can play here for hours (until my wife or friends get bored and want to leave) for less money than I'll lose in 10 minutes at a craps table. I love the fact that this feels more like my friends garage than a tourist trap. I love the fact that so many of the video games I played as a kid are here.I'm not very good at pinball and don't particularly enjoy it, but just walking around looking at machines from the hundred years or so is fascinating. Some of the non-pinball games like the 70s "Ice Cold Beer" skill game and the turn-of-the-century nickelodeon are awesome. Plus, I finally got to  play Elevator Action and Spy Hunter for more than two minutes - both feats that eluded me as a lad.I can't imagine a trip to Vegas without a trip to the pinball hall of fame. Anyone who was raised during the golden age of arcades (70s - mid 90s) should definitely go here at least once.
4	It smells like gym socks but well worth the trip! At first I thought it might have a donation fee then you can play whatever for however long but nope. It's actually a fully functional coin-op arcade. They range 25 cents - $1 a game. A few kinds of games I noticed are WELL worth the play. The vertical pinball machine that had a clown on the top level. The magnet pinball machine. And all the newer kinds that have the MINI pinball machine within a pinball machine. SOOOO DAMNED CUTE. And last but not least, THE DOUBLE SIDED PINBALL MACHINE. You will get a sense of achievement and a little workout coming here if you love pinball machines.
5	Wow, amazing and insanely cool. Easily the best pinball arcade I've seen. No frills, nothing fancy, just pinball and older arcade games. Most 25 - 50 cents. I saw an old baseball game where the ball comes up from the middle and hasthe flippers look like bats, a double sided pinball, games from the 60's, an original Star Trek game,  Tetris, Centipede. Pakman. I could play in here all day. Blows Gameworks completely away. Place looks terrible from the outside, but looks great on the inside. Machines are well taken care of as most function fine. The ones that don't seem to be pushed to the side and are together so there's little risk of throwing your quarter in a machine that just sits there and does nothing. No charge to get in, not very busy when we went ( Saturday afternoon) but still a decent size crowd. I dont think they sell anything here in the way of drinks or food. Just pinball and plenty of it! I want my birthday party here! lol Located on the north side of Trop just east of Maryland.
5	What everybody says is true. This museum isn't shiny and polished, but good luck finding a wider array of machines spanning the history of pinball. it is a nonprofit entity that will provide hours of entertainment if you love pinball. If you're not a huge pinball fan, try the old-fashioned quarter pins of the 60s and 70s. They're simple and charming, and not as demanding as the machines of the 80s and beyond. I spend a few hours there every time I visit Vegas, and I spend about $10 per visit. Best entertainment bargain in Vegas. Back in April they had some of their machines near the food court at Riviera. I'll find out if they're still there when I visit next week.
4	Remember Spy Hunter? Remember Punch Out? Joust, Paperboy and Front Line? In addition to rows of the meticulously maintained pinball machines, this place also had many arcade games that brought back many fond memories of Slushie induced headaches at the 7-11 corner of Williams and Winchester.  The game play is between 1 to 2 quarters - funny how precious each quarter felt back then.  Transportation could be a problem as other than a pick up on the strip, the taxi companies refuse to go anywhere else for pick up in Vegas.  We took a taxis there but had to take a bus back to the hotel.
5	Hands down the best collection of pinball machines I've ever found.What makes this place so special is that the owners fix the pinballs as well, so they are always in tip-top shape. If there is a problem with any machine, you can report it and get a refund/get the machine repaired. The owners are very caring and responsive, which is certainly a rarity when it comes to arcades these days.Lastly, some games cost 75 cents BUT are full 5 ball (instead of 3) games, making it good value as well.
5	Wow,  I really liked this place.  It wasn't what I had initially expected, but my visit was definitely fun!  I had no problems with any of the machines malfunctioning.  There were a few that were out of service, but that's expected.  I haven't played pinball in awhile... this place definitely brought some memories back.  We spent a good hour playing games without even realizing how long we had been there. Most definitely a Nostalgic experience!Pros: *  They had some pretty good deals on some of the pinball machines (such as an extra credit depending on how much you initially purchase) *  There really is no place in Vegas like this! *  stools for you to sit if you fancyCons: *  Not enough stools, but whatever ha *  A bit dark, but that's no biggie either... Its not like I expected to play in a building with more spotlights than a baseball field.  That would cause some major glare issues.Tips: * Bring some deep pockets for all your quarters * Give yourself at least an hour to take in all the pinball machines * There are some non-pinball games towards the right side.Overall: *  I'd definitely come here again and recommend those who have yet to go.  It's definitely one-of-a-kind and perfect for the whole family.
5	Are you tired of losing all of your money on gambling and not having any fun? Well, at The Pinball Hall of Fame you can lose far less money and have  a good time doing it. There are over 200 pinball games at the PBHoF including the latest and greatest with all the bells and whistles like Iron Man II and Batman: The Dark Knight! They also have many of the classic greats like Evel Knievel, Black Knight and the Comet. They have classic pinball games from the 1950s as well as many old games of chance. They have classic video games too! When was the last time you played Wizard of Wor or Berzerk? The Pinball Hall of Fame is located on East Tropicana Avenue, not far from the strip but far enough to help you forget all the money you lost.
5	This place is awesome!  It's great for people like me (whatever that is), hipsters, families, stoners, etc.  There's an amazing array of pinball machines and you should make an effort to read the handwritten notes on many of them.  There's no cover or anything so just bring some cash and get your quarters and have at it.  They also have video games and even some super old school obscure classics I remember from my childhood like Frenzy, Wizard or Wor, Track and Field, Missle C
5	This place is loads of fun!  Tons of arcade/pinball machines from the 40's to present day.  You could spend hours here for just a few bucks.  All the older machines are just 25 cents per play.  Worth a stop here.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I just love pinball machines and I think it's a shame that they are like extinct now. It's also nice to find a fun activity that doesn't end up costing hundreds of dollars (like most things in Vegas do these days). It's certainly a lot more fun than slot machines, which I hate because I never even win a dollar on them.
5	This place is nuts.  I was always more of a video-game player, but it's hard not to appreciate the quantity of pinball machines here (not to mention the rarity of many of them).  As far as video games, if you're of a certain age, you'll love playing the classics like Galaga, Tempest and Donkey Kong, as well as some more obscure personal faves like Wizard of Wor, Jr. Pac-Man and Excitebike.  My bro and I stayed 5 hours, so there's that.
4	Like walking back in time, every Saturday morning my sister and I was in a bowling league and after we were done, we'd spend a few quarters playing the pin ball machines until our mother came to pick us up.My sister was daring and play the machines hard, she was afraid of that "tilt" showing up and freezing the game.  I, on the other hand was a bit more gentler and wanted to make sure I got my quarter's worth.This place has rows and rows of machines, some are really old and some are more of a mid 80's theme.  There is even a Ms pac man!  It was fun to spend an afternoon playing the machines and remembering all the fun of my early teen years.
5	Remember when you were a kid, pinball was such an awesome game? Then came the xboxs and playstations of the world and you got over it. But sometimes you just wanna reminiss and see true craftsmanship in a game that wasn't done on a computer. So you head to the Pinball hall of fame. Now saying they have a lot of pinball games would be a total understatement. They have every pinball game I could ever remember playing when I was a kid and then a ton more that were made before I was even born.There was one game that was like air hockey but with pinball where you played against one of your friends and the board tilted back and forth. granted it was super slow, but it was a really cool interesting thing. Even the gumball machine is a pinball game, so when you lose, you actually win because then you get your pinball. Love this place, made me feel good inside just being there.
5	This place is so much fun. Great place to bring kids.
5	I've been a pinball fan for years and love this place.  Much better location now they've moved.  Do they have old machines everywhere? Yes Are there stacks of parts and "stuff" in view and looks kinda cluttered? Yup Do I give a crap? Not even a little it's part of the atmosphere and wouldn't change a thing.  There is a great mix of vintage, new, and old classic maybe even antique games.  not just pinball either but they have the classic arcade favorites like "Spy Hunter", "Donkey Kong", and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles"  to satisfy your button mashing fever. There is also an air hockey table in the back. My personal favorite is the "Star Wars" machine.  I could go on and on :-)  Tip: in the strip mall right next to the PHoF there is a used games store with pinball and arcade machines for sale and a good selection of NES, Sega, and everything else. They are associated with the PHoF and some games in the PHoF can be purchased at this store.
5	I found Pinball Hall of Fame when they were over at Tropicana and Pecos, next to the Dollar Theater. I asked how Tim started. He humbly and comically replied, "with one machine." He started collecting machines when he was seventeen. I believe he is a bit under sixty right now and has over 4000 machines and promotes events such as Pinsburg in Pennsylvania. He also donates almost all the proceeds from all of the pinball machines and the 25-cent popcorn machine to Salvation Army, some wish charities, and he has donated serious amounts, such as 100,000 to the Salvation Army and 10,000 to another.Not only is his pinball hall of fame noble, but it is of utmost fun. He switches in between his 4000 machines to present about 100 at a time at his current location. The popcorn that he gets still comes from the dollar theater when they have leftover popcorn at the end of the night. There are still a couple of machines at that theater that I believe were donated to the theater. Machines range from the wooden ones that accept nickels to the newest ones based on comics and movies. I would tell you a secret to getting free plays, but then... that would be too generous. Sigh... this might already have you thinking...Every once in a while, you'll hear a loud beep from some neighbor's or maybe your own machine, meaning that you've reached a high-enough score to get a replay. You can notice which machines are more popular by seeing how high the replay score is and how hard it is to score points to know which ones to continue to play. They have air hockey in the back, air baseball, pacman, and some other old arcade favorites. They have some shooting games. Tim can be found usually with a light on his head and messy and long silver hair. I assure you, he is a nice man. He will warn people of making the game your last round around 11pm. If you have a quarter stuck or lose a game, let him know and he'll make it up for you on another machine. I love how he started, with one machine... he shared his passion with us, and now... we have Pinball Hall of Fame, where kids can innocently talk about fresh rubber, lube, and balls. Be a player.
5	This is the coolest spot in Vegas. It has all the classics from the 50s.60s,70s,80s,90s,2000s for pinball. It is free to check out and most pinball games are .25 cents. It is a great place for family fun, solo, or even a date.  It is a hidden gem! Check it out while you are in Vegas.
5	Awesome, awesome. Awesome!!!!
2	I am a pinball nut and have travelled all over the country playing pinball. I was excited to learn that the PHoF was in Vegas because I was here on vacation. We went there today and honestly... I wanted to like the place but was pretty disappointed. The place is so dark you can hardly see anything. The games aren't turned up loud enough so you can't hear much of the sound effects. The 1st game I played was way off level and the ball kept draining out the left outlane. The next game I played was also off level enough to effect game play. The ball eventually got jammed between a loose/broken ramp and a playfield pin. My friend said he found broken pieces of games floating around on some playfields, weak flippers and levelling issues with many games. As a matter of fact, some of the games have notes on them that the flippers have been rebuilt so players can now get up all the ramps and other PF features. Wow, really? You're proud of the fact that the flippers have been rebuilt and aren't weak anymore? THAT'S HOW THE GAMES ARE SUPPOSED TO BE AT ALL TIMES. What do you want... a cookie ...for keeping a pinball game (that costs 3 quarters to play!) in playable shape?! The games that cost 25 cents are the old boring EM games that few people want to play. The more popular games are overpriced at 75 cents. Especially, considering their neglected condition. While I respect what the owner has tried to do, I feel that if this place is the "hall of fame" of pinball... then the hobby of pinball is in a bad way. I think "hall of fame" is a bad name for this place. A hall of fame for anything should be the pinnacle of the hobby or sport and include its history. If the owner and workers can't even keep the games level (the most basic of pinball maintainance!) how can it be considered a hall of fame? It should be called... "hodge podge arcade" or "junkyland arcade" or something like that. In real life, the PHoF is NOTHING like the pictures it shows on its website. The place is dark, dingy, and very dishevelled. There's an area in the back that's got pinball parts strewn all over it and an entire side of the building with broken down games and other junk in plain view. It's like a pinball junkyard. The PHoF is really not a good representation of the hobby. The owner is probably making a nice salary, paying zero taxes while enjoying his hobby all by just calling it a non profit. I'd like to see the books here. If you want to play pinball, check out "the pinball wizard" in Pelham NH. Sarah (the owner) is onsite all the time and does all the work on her 90+ pinball games herself. She refers to her pins as her babies. They are perfectly level and all maintained as you would if they were your pins, in your own gameroom.
4	Wow. Every cool pinball machine I've ever loved is all in the same place!!! Came here on my birthday with about half a roll of quarters. Played one game each on about five different machines and spent less than $5 in a 45 minute timeframe. Amazing selection of new and retro games. On a couple of the games, the balls kept getting stuck but I either got an extra one or they loosened themselves up after a minute or so. What a fun trip down memory lane!!!
4	Gotta love old school arcade and pinball games off the strip. Obviously a local favorite, it brings back memories from the 80's when the games had less buttons, cartoons were better and you played against the game, not someone online.If you love pinball, you'll love this place. Old and new pinball games line the aisles. I particularly liked the 80's games like Mike Tyson's Punch Out, Elevator Action, Dragon's Lair, Excitebike, Super Dodge Ball, Ms. Pac Man and many more. My wife loves pinball and they had really old ones and new ones like Tron Legacy. My only complaints are 3 things:- It smells inside (not sure of the machines or people)- The bathroom smells really bad- Some of the pinball games are .75 for 5 balls, when they should really be .25 for 3Other than that, we'll be back!
5	Fun place to check out... Old pinball and video games from my past.. Cool place to take some photos.
5	Non-descript building with a huge Pinball Hall of Fame sign. They have every type of pinball machine you could ever want and some old arcade games as well. Everything is very neat, organized and the best part was that I didn't see one kid in there.
5	OVERWHELMING!Hour's after you enter this musium slash phacility and you will still be overwhelmed!YES!YES! THE MACHINES, ALL 250 or so (rotating from over 1400 machines!) are in the PERFECT to near perfect working order!I walked in at 11 in the mid morning and did not leave until 7 in the evening!If you love pinball, this is heaven!My number one statement to who ever reads this feedback is this, this center is voninteer base! All PROFITS from pinballs outside of rent, sundries, electric, ect. (NO PAYROLL) ARE DONATED! Just look up when you are getting quarters at the change machine and you will see proof of last years $400,000.00 donation!So...those who want to pick apart the "not so perfect" appearance of the decore, you are free to do something about it!On top of running under a complete volinteer and non-profit structure, funding for a sign is needed! If you would love to see this place better, please help in this matter.sincerely, thanks!
4	4.5 stars.  The most value packed stop of our Vegas visit.  Hundreds of pinball machines to play, for 20 dollars the whole family was entertained for an hour.  Even Grandma had a good time on the machines from the 40s or 50s that she remembers not being allowed to play as a kid.  They are still labeled "Minors are not allowed to play".  The old and wacky machines were great fun to look at and try out - flying a tiny helicopter, operating a tiny crane, the "two headed" pinball game where you try to smack the ball into the opposite guy's goal.  Never seen anything like some of these...Definitely will be back on our next visit to Vegas.
5	I've been here about 4 times already. I come here when I want to do something out of the norm and feel like I'm not really in Vegas for a bit. Not many people know we have a Pinball Hall of Fame, so whenever I take friends/relatives here, they're always pretty amazed. A lot of the machines I've tried so far have given me a lot more games than I'd expect, so you definitely get a lot for a dollar on some of the games. If you're not much of a pinball person, they also have a row of other retro games, including Peppy the Magical Clown, Donkey Kong, Punch Out, Defender, The Simpsons, Paddle Battle, and some hockey, soccer, and basketball games amongst many others. I think every Las Vegas local should come here at least once. Especially if you have the mindset that Vegas doesn't have anything besides clubs and gambling. You'll definitely be surprised :)
5	Tim Arnold has created, collected, repaired and is the steward of Pinball history! This is a full on participatory collection. You can play with history in a way like no other museum on the planet (speculation by me as I have not and never will be to all other places on the planet). This very plain building with a very plain sign give you a FREE look at all of history and the ability to pop in a few quarters and recall the glory days of pinball. Enjoy, I do!
5	This is one of the coolest places in all of Las Vegas!That may sound weird considering everything that is available among the glitz, glamour, and lighting that is the city of sin, but I had an amazing time here playing games that I thought I would never see again or had never played at all.There are rows and rows of pinball machines ranging from the early days of their existence to the more modern technological marvels. it is very interesting to see the contrast and game play differences between machines that are side by side, yet decades apart.You will also find a whole mess of classic arcade console games including Tron, which is my personal favorite of all time, as well as Pac Man, Donkey Kong, and many more.
5	Got quarters? They take it! This place is so age friendly. I took an 18 year old, an 11 year old and a 7 year old here and they all had a blast. The littlest one was chasing after me every time she ran out of quarters. At the time we were there only one kid under 13 was there. Everyone else had a trendy hat and were possibly, maybe, you really can't tell... hipsters! I know, can't judge but I swear they looked the part. Thrift store sweater alert! The good ones require 50 cents and some 75 cents. Totally worth every quarter. Every time you finish a game you wander around to play a new one. Coming to Las Vegas? This is a good destination to put on your list.
4	Tons of pinball machines, in a shady building, in Vegas! What more could you want? They have pinball machines from the past 80 years or so, and a few select classic video games, too. You're bound to find a machine that you used to play years ago, I found SEVERAL. Some of the machines could be in better shape (some have lights out, broken switches, etc), but most are fully operational. Change machines galore!I've been here about 5 times across 3 trips to Vegas.PS:There's an In n Out Burger within walking distance right by the entrance to UNLV. A great pitstop on your way to or from the Pinball Hall Of Fame.
4	This place is fun!    IF your a tourist that may want to find this place and are staying on the strip: head east on Tropicana maybe 2 miles, its between Maryland pkwy & Spencer ave.[on the north side of Trop.]   This place is fun!...........bring quarters...or buy them there. The building isn't impressive , inside just a whole bunch of old pinball machines,But this place is fun!
4	Finally made it in here. What a cute little place to pass the time of day! I actually caught someone I know in here today. He was killing tiem after work instead of going home! Hmmm????Well, whatever! I had a great time checking out all the old machines! LOVE LOVE LOVE all the space themed ones. If they ever want to get rid of the SPACE SHUTTLE system I would have to sell my motorcycle for it! WOW! Did I just say that? Let's just say I am a SPACE NUT! And there were plenty of space themed machines for someone like me. There were also older machines, more modern ones and plenty of other themes like super heroes and racing and shooting and HARLEY! Oh yeah!  If you've ever been to the pinball museum in San Francisco, this won't quite compare, but that place is a lot bigger and I believe has been around much longer. The nice thing about this place is it's FREE and playing a game for .50 is still much cheaper thatn anything kids nowadays want to do. Would be a great place to hang with the kids on a rainy day or even a really hot day! Kudos to PINBALL Hall of Fame for donating their profits to charitable cause such as the Salvation Army! $400,000 last year alone! (Now you know where all your quarters are going!)
4	I'm admittedly terrible at pinball, but for some reason I find myself coming back here every few months to test my skills. This place is not fancy, but it is cool and a great way to spend a couple hours. They have super old games and some new ones as well. My personal favorite is the Pirates of the Caribbean game, for me it is the most fun and interactive (I am a huge Pirates fan so that may cloud my judgment a bit). I also love the South Park machine, it is older but the sound effects are so funny. They have included air hockey and a row of old school arcade games, like Mario Bros. and Donkey Kong. You can also get some throw back sodas and candy from the vending machines. I love that it is not for profit and they donate any profit to charity. Seriously, what's not to love?
5	Oh how I love pinball. Growing up in the San Fernando Valley during the pinball peak of the 1970s, I spent a lot of of time and quarters in various arcades in LA. When I was at a machine, no longer was I the chubby, buck-toothed comic book collecting / science fiction reading geek - but was transformed into a svelte, flaxen-haired Tommy with Elton John singing my Pinball Wizard praises. Well, in my head at least.When we moved to Vegas a cooler than cool friend of ours hipped us to Pinball Fun Night which used to be held on Tim Arnold's property. I remember the first time I walked into his hangar-like structure filled with rows and rows of lit up and playable machines - I nearly cried. Now that fabulous collection (and more) are at the Pinball Hall of Fame.I work nearby and pretty regularly walk over and spend my half-hour lunch break here. Who needs food when you can have pinball? My favorite machines tend to be from the 50s to the early 80s - and Tim has an impressive selection to choose from. Some of my favorites are Fireball, Centigrade and Xenon. Sadly, My all time favorite machine Gorgar, the first talking pinball machine, used to be at the Fun Nights but is not currently at the HoF - hope fully it'll get rotated back in (hint, hint). PHoF is the best of the best unexpected places to find in Las Vegas and the proceeds are donated to charity - how cool is that?Gorgar Speaks!
5	The Pinball Hall of Fame is the highlight of any thing to do in Las Vegas.  The games are always in perfect or very very close to perfect condition and if there is a problem they turn off the particular game and work on it.  On top of being an amazing place to visit and enjoy pinball and arcade memories, this place operates as a not for profit business, resulting in hundreds of thousands of dollars going to charity every year.  I cannot say enough good about this place, it is the absolute best, five stars is not enough.
5	This place rules.  My friend and I took a bus from downtown to check it out.  It was a little hard to find, since it's a very nondescript building but it's across the street from the Liberace museum, more or less.The games are very, very affordable, which is awesome.  There are games from throughout the history of pinball, back to even when there were no flippers and you just watched the ball do its thing.  You really can't go wrong with this amazing establishment.  It's a ton of fun to try the different machines and experience pinball from various decades.  There is a great selection of video games too, plus weird old mechanical games such as baseball, including one where you use an air pump or something to propel a ball into the air and try to hit it with a mechanical doll.  Hilarious!!Highly recommended.
5	Grab a bucket and get your quarters ready because this is a great place to go to kill an hour during the day. Just a few miles east of the strip you can probably spend the least amount of money while in Vegas. I probably spent close to an hour reminiscing about some of the machines and playing about $5 worth of games. The old machines are $.25 the ones from the 90s are $.50, and the newer ones are $.75. Even the girls had fun playing.Make sure to bring some hand sanitizer because you don't know who's grubby little hands have been on those machines.
4	The majority of games are pinball machines. It has old school pinball machines from the 70's to recent pinball machines like Tron and Avatar. There's acouple of arcade games like MIssle Command and Astroids. While you're here play with Peppy the Clown.
5	This place is amazing there aren't many place like this anywhere.  So many different vintage pinball and arcade games. Not all vintage though some newer pinball games.  If you like arcade games you have to try this place.
4	CREPPY FUNThat's what I thought about the Pinball Hall of Fame. The Pinball HOF is located a few miles off the strip on Tropicana Ave. The building itself looks like a windowless warehouse from the outside. Inside it's dark, dingy and kind of smelly. The only real light in this place comes from the dim glow of the pinball machines. It really is a creepy place. I could imagine it in a horror movie. All of the machines, no matter how old they are (they have some from the 70's) are pretty much in mint condition.Besides pinball machines they have old arcade games like Super Mario Bros, Donkey Kong and even this old school hockey game that I used to play at the bowling alley when I was a kid http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8mIrX_LrOnAqWsB5JrOojQ?select=f9we3SQsF_xnudEm5JGYMQMy only complaint is that some of the pinball machines cost too much. A few games are .75-$1 per game. A bit too much. If you're in the area this place is worth checking out once. It's pretty cool.
5	I grew up in a small town where the teenage stereotype portrayed only in movies where real. You either were jock with aspirations of athletic greatness while planning your post secondary gas pumping career or you are a geek who spends 99% your time a slave to the all mighty joystick. You can guess where I fit.With a small town comes limited, legal activities to pass the time - fortunately for me we did have an small arcade where I was raised by a collection of pinball machines, to me pinball was my second family.When I first discovered the Pinball Hall of Fame on the Internet it took only a matter of hours to book my tickets to Las Vegas. Until now the non gambler in me has very little need to go to Las Vegas, I don't gamble and the types of Bars there are really not my cup of tea so my trip was solely for pinball alone.Well the Pinball Hall of Fame did not disappoint at all. If you are looking for a nicely decorated place to play pinball, you won't find it here (nor will you find it anywhere). What you will find is almost EVERY single pinball machine in existence. The best part? They are all playable and they are set to the original cost.The pinball machines are immaculate, you will never find machines that have been so well taken care of. New rubber on every machine, no burnt out lights, clean tables, 100% working flippers. The people that service these machines do not do this as a job, to them it's a passion and it shows. I spent hours in this place and it just was not enough time for me. Not only do you get the nostalgia of playing machines from your childhood, you get to try out the machines you only read about in magazines.If pinball is or was a part of your life you owe it to yourself to come here at least once. If you are new to pinball you might be put off by the interior looks of this place, look past this - find a machine and get playing.
5	Lots of classic pinball machines and new ones featured at this location along with other family-fun games. Practically all the popular themes and especially those from movies are featured. And for those who are familiar with San Francisco, it kind of reminds you of Musee Mechanique. The outside of the building may not look that attractive or recognizable without the signs, but on the inside, it's not too shabby. You'll also notice in the back where staff (or whoever runs the place) are consistently working on repairing the machines; clearly it looks like they are passionate about their work.
5	Wow, how could I have missed writing about one of my favorite places in the omniverse?Once upon a time before the Xboxes, Playstations, IPhones, Guitar Heroes, and digitally mowing down people with your G35 rifle there were these weird boxes that spit out metal balls and you'd try to do your best to preserve it by hitting it with "flippers". Funky stuff. Welcome to a pinball lovers dream come true. Even if you aren't just into the pinball thing don't fret, there's still classic (circa 1980) video games here to be found plus there are so many special different themed pinball games that there HAS to be one that just beckons for your every quarter..
5	mmy husband and son had fantastic time here.  It brought back memories of so many fun moments for my husband.  This place is great for a few hous away from the stip. All the income goes to charity. We will be back.
5	25 cent bag of popcorn?  YES please!No, but really...this place has tons of pinball machines and video games!  A variety from all decades.
5	The pinball hall of fame is one of our favorite off the strip spots.  There are so many machines from brand new to decades old...and they are all in great condition.  The only downside is how dirty is was!  However, I would rather have a dirty space than risk having water get near any of the machines!**UPDATE**We returned to the pinball hall of fame and it was much cleaner!  Also, they had repaired the 3 story pin ball machine.  While I was playing it one of the employees came buy and gave me the amazing history of this one machine.  It was great to see that they cleaned the place up and repaired the one of a kind machine.
5	Talk about a lot of fun!! This place had some old school games that took me way back!!! I was surprised at how I was able to remember where I used to play them and how bad I was at some of them...TEMPEST!!! :-/Almost all the games are 25cents, and for just a couple of hours you can have a blast!!We will definately be returning! Btw, Dragons Lair is still freaking hard!
5	Amazing.  A wonderful collection of games.  Fairly well maintained place that is so unassuming that it's easily missed when driving by.  After spending a few hours, you feel like you should be paying 2X as much to play the games.  It's such a treat to be able to play games from many decades ago.  A very nice contrast to the glitz and opulence of the Strip.  After walking past umpteen gazillions of noisy slot machines at the casinos, all I could think about was how nice it would be if those bells and buzzers were pinball machines.  A quick search found this place and it's the highlight of my trip.If taking a cab, make sure you grab the address, they're likely to not know where it is.
3	Lots of games to choose from but most of the ones I played were made worse by bad lighting and LEDs in the machines. The young guy running the place was less than helpful. My wife wanted to take pictures in the photo booth but it only took singles. He claimed he couldn't get us any ones.Several of the newer machines were right by the front doors which were propped open. The sunlight made those machines almost impossible to play. Some machines I wanted to play were turned off - Circus Voltaire for example.   Overall fun but if you're not driving be prepared to give your taxi driver explicit directions and keep a number to call the cab for pickup.  About a $20 cab ride from the strip. Glad I went but probably wouldn't do it again.
5	Great place!  If you're my age, this place is a BLAST from the past.  Give me a pocket full of quarters and I'm happy to roam around playing till they're gone.  It's a wonderful way to pass the time.Also - with the bargain movie theater just down the road and several restaurants a bars nearby, it's a great element of a happy cheap-date night!   Maybe not so great if you're trying to make a first impression.. but my husband and I LOVE cheap-date nights!
5	Fantastic place. I love pinball machines and this place has nearly a hundred different tables spanning from all decades. There's no cost to get in, just the cost of the machines themselves. Most machines are $.25-$.75 per play and each play gets you a few balls. My wife and I spent about two hours here and spent maybe $10. Definitely a great way to kill an afternoon in Vegas without dealing with the busy strip.
5	If you are pinball fan, DO NOT MISS THIS!
4	Have to give props to the person(people) who is keeping this place running.  There are plenty of machines that made flashback to my younger days.  Of course, just spending time playing one of the old school machines is a trip...but my favorites were the Simpsons one that I played in the early 80's.  Besides the Simpsons, I also tried Family Guy and Monopoly which I have never seen.  $2 actually lasted me about 35 minutes of play because the Simpsons free replay score was pretty low so I scored two games for free on that.  Five games...25 balls played...4 multiball situations...damn, I don't have my pinball mojo from my younger days.  If this is still here when I return to LV, then I'm hoping that they have some new ones in addition to the ones that I saw the day I went.
5	It's a hodgepodge of old and new pinball machine relics + random side pleasures when you want a break from all of the----PING!--ping!----PING!--ping!BOING.From the new, modern Tron pinball machine to the back service desk decked with old dusty electronic boards going under the knife to the fancy drink vending machine, this place is uniquely odd, fun and amazing.
5	Perfect date night experience! All your favorite games growing up and prices for the games were perfect! It wasn't crowded and they were all ages in here. They have a vending machine and popcorn with all reasonable pricing too. Machines worked and gave you a lot of time to play on them. You don't need a lot of money to have fun! I look forward to coming back here!
1	Lighting was terrible to almost noon existent, no air-conditioning, the attendant was cold, rude and not very responsive when the game I put a $1.00 broke after the 1st ball. I can see now why I quit gambling 30 years ago. This place takes your money as fast as the casinos but there is no winning
5	A pinball fanatic's paradise.  I love this place.  The machines are well-kept.  The game variety is great.   Not the easiest place to access from the strip (easy to get to, hard to get back from!), but well worth it.So many games.  The staff are geeks (like me!) who love pinball.  We spent a few hours playing to our hearts' content.  I can't wait to go back!
5	Love this place.I've been living in Henderson for about 6 months now, and this recent discovery is an off-strip gem that few tourists will ever discover......and that's a shame for all fans of the genre.This place is a pinball lover's paradise, and arguably houses the most comprehensive collection of pins through the ages, right up to the present, in the world.Sprinkled in for nostalgia, are a wonderful selection of 80's vids.I've been 4 times, and I love it. Simply, a no frills amusement hall, that is all substance, no fluff.5 stars.
4	You'll never find a place with this many pins in the same location.  I had fun, but wished they wouldn't donate so much money and spend some of it buying parts to keep the pins in better condition.  If you have half a million to give to the salvation army, you have money to put into your pins.  Although there is overflow at the Riviera casino on the other end of the strip, they are in even worse shape, so not sure it's worth heading over there.I wrote a longer review on my blog:http://ilpinballclub.blogspot.com/2012/05/trip-to-pinball-hall-of-fame.html
4	This is a great place to have fun getting reacquainted with you youth and $20 goes a long way.I first went there when I heard that the PSP Gotleib & Williams pinball collections were built based on games that they studied at the arcade.  I then found out that besides the money it takes to run the place, the owners give all the profit to charities.If your looking for something that the entire family can enjoy, give it a shot.
5	This is the BEST cheap date place in the Valley. Old school pinball, 80s arcade games, air hockey and Dunk an Alien all come together in one harmonious building. Their new location is much better than the old, smelly and dank location at Trop and Pecos.The only thing I would improve is the lack of air conditioning but they're a non-profit, so I can forgive that, to an extent. Oh, the soda machine has a fantastic selection and the popcorn is weirdly delicious.
5	If you're into pinball machines, old and new, this is your place.  Hundreds of machines of almost every genre--the old "newly electrified" games of the late 40s, solid-state games of the 70s and 80s, shooting games, all the way to digital machines--all working and lovingly maintained under one roof.  Take your quarters or small bills, and enjoy an afternoon here.  I liked that the machines take their original amount, so most machines are still just a quarter.There are also drink and candy machines (not just a quarter) in the building.  If you're staying at one of the casino resorts along the Strip, it is easy to get there by cab--maybe $10 or so, each way.  If you're willing to navigate the transit system, it's a pleasant couple of buses to get there.
5	Hubs loved this place and actually I did too.  What a nostalgic atmosphere of the 70's and 80's when pinball machines were in their heyday.  A lot of colorful machines reminding you of old time TV shows, movies & past times.The man that runs this operation is friendly and knowledgeable.  If you have questions he has answers.  If you find yourself ever coming across an old pinball machine for sale he'll re-buy it from you at top dollar.
4	i enjoy going to this place, especially at night. (its quieter and relaxing) its a great place to go to with friends and just play for a bit. i visit this place about once a month now. looking forward to the next trip there :)
4	This is a fun place, but could be much more.  Dressed up a little, it would be more of a place where you could bring a group of friends where are less into pinball. The pricing was quite fair.  There were several good 90's games that were 3 games for a dollar.  Plenty of time to get the feel of a game.There were also some classic video games like Gorf, Dragon's Lair, etc for $0.25...but stick with pinball.
5	Absolute most fun and best bang for your dollar in Vegas! No admittance fee, just bring some dollars for the change machines and play away... "Antique" machines up to current day... I had more fun here than an adult has a right to.It's a ways off the strip (~2.5 miles), walkable, but not short. You might want to cab/bus/drive. The upside is that there is an In-N-Out Burger only about a 7 minute walk from there, so they have that going for them. :)
4	"Where are you taking us?" That's all I heard during the 10 minute ride off the strip to the Pinball Hall of Fame. I was shocked a bit, at how the Pinball Hall of Fame looked from the outside. It looked like a warehouse that would have been sweltering hot. Luckily as we stepped in from the scorching Vegas weather, the Pinball Hall of Fame was cool and air conditioned. From what I had read, I thought that all games were only a quarter, but some games ended up being 3 quarters. That's too bad, because that was the only thing that really prevented a 5 star rating.There are a ton of pinball games and the layout is simple and effective. There's a pinball game for everyone. Spiderman, South Park, Batman. They also had TMNT. For those that do not know, that's Teenage Mutant Ninja Freakin Turtles. Unfortunately, the machine was mobbed by teenage boys that seemed like they had just discovered it. Some of my friends weren't as interested because the large majority of games were pinball games. I had wished there were a little more variety, but this is called the Pinball Hall of Fame.
4	Fun for the entire family. I played Ms.Pacman majority of the time!  :)
5	Usable pinball games from the 1950's to today in a warehouse.  It's about a $20 cab ride from the strip ( from Mandalay Bay), but it's heaven to pinball fans.  My fav is Funhouse, but I jumped around from game to game like a giddy little kid.  The oldest 'machine' there was from 1921, a little peep show of a Jack Dempsey fight.  The area is difficult to keep cold, so it was a little warm inside during the 105 degree July day.
4	I like that the machines are not overpriced and that you get a lot of play for some quarters. Blinking lights, the sound of flippers knocking around some pinballs, this place is great fun if you're looking for a solid dose of arcade nostalgia. I enjoy finding all the pinball machines I used to play growing up and giving them a spin for old times sake.
4	Great spot if you enjoy pinball or arcade games.It doesn't look like much from the outside, and lack of a lit sign caused us to drive past this the first time.They have a soda vending machine on the inside, and don't allow outside alcohol. HUGE selection of pinball machines that are maintained with love. Many have handwritten histories for the more unique machines. It's obvious that the people running this place care a great deal for delivering a quality experience for their fans.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE! I can and do spend hours in here.  It seems dark and shady but there is a lot of fun being had. I'm not a fan of the old school pin ball machines since the gap is 5 inches wide but I do play them because it's fun to see how bad I can lose.  There are other games besides pinball machines, mainly old school arcade games that line the exterior of the building.  There is a photo booth in the back right and a pop corn machine as you walk in.  The popcorn isn't stale and for 25 cents, it's a fun snack to carry around.  Every time I go here, it's money well spent!  Favorite Game: Street Fighter Pin Ball
5	I went here because of my fellow yelpers and its awesome I cant believe that I hadnt been there before...
5	Great place to bring tourists, and even better, it's on my short list of places to go when I'm waiting for someone to arrive at McCarran and they're running late (or I'm early, which doesn't really happen).  I came here last week on such an occasion, and played out one last ball on a game of pinball that someone had abandoned.  And then I won a free game on the match game, so my time waiting for my friends to arrive cost me nothing.  Can't beat that.
5	I don't know what was going on in this little ol' head of mine when I gave Pinball Hall of Fame only four stars previously.  Maybe it was because I was new to Yelp and I was trying to save my five stars for only the most elite places?  Maybe I was suffering from Lindsay Lohan exhaustion and wasn't thinking clearly?  Obviously, something was wrong.Well I'm reporting to you again to say that the Pinball Hall of Fame is one of the coolest places in Vegas and definitely worth five stars.  Unless your some punk that is only into being a bro and spends more time on your hair than the average woman.  Stay away from here if you are.  It's not worth your precious hair-styling time.And not only is this place super cool and tons of fun and a cheap way to spend an afternoon, but they've also improved it!  It's cleaner, brighter, and the bathroom is now ok to use!  There are still a few broken machines but they've been banished to one corner of the building hopefully awaiting the chance where they can be fixed and played like the rest of the games.Fun for kids, pinball enthusiasts, and non-bros.  Plus, 100% of the proceeds to go charity so you get to be a do-gooder while having fun!  Nothing beats that.
5	This place is a real winner. My teenage son had never played pinball before we took him here. The following morning we asked what we should do in Vegas that day and he asked if we could head back to the pinball point. That's about as great an endorsement as I can think of :)Spend some time here, you'll be glad you did.
4	I would give this place five stars if it wasn't in a dump of a room. of course it would not be cool if it wasn't in a dump of a room. That said I have been twice now and love this place. it's a museum as much as it is an arcade. They have a nice assortment of old and new games. Just make sure to play the southpark machine! it's awesome! This place is great for the young and the old. just make sure you have plenty of quarters!
5	First of all, I stayed in Vegas for 5 days and 4 nights. I took my two kids ages 9 and 14 not once but twice. Not only did they have possibly the greatest time aside from Disneyland, they got a history lesson on the evolution of video games and pinball machines. Since there is NO SMOKING, NO ALCOHOL and NO LOUD ANYTHING other than the sounds of the arcade games it is SUPER FAMILY FRIENDLY.     I was able to play games I had hadnt seen in 25+ years. The VOLUNTEERS were informative and very friendly. The one I spoke to was sincere and passionate about why he volunteers. He enjoys watching the reactions of kids as well as adults. Some kids have had their first experience with pinball machines. I witnessed it once and I would be a volunteer if I lived in Vegas. I was playing video games from the early seventy's till present. My kids had no idea of winning free games by reaching point goals in pinball. As they watched me build up points the popping sound of the free game hit and there faces lit up. Priceless is all I can think of and I wish I would have video recorded that moment.      I spent a total of about $30 dollars in quarters for about four hours in two days. I have my kids saving up quarters for a trip in the future.
5	WooHoo is right! This place turns the average adult into a kid again. With hundreds of pinball games ranging from South Park to Playboy themes you are sure to find one that suits you. Also they have classic games like Ms PAC Man and Frogger! I highly suggest this place.
5	HOLY CRAP! I WISH THIS PLACE EXISTED WHERE I LIVE!I've been to Las Vegas many times, but this was the best place I've ever been to in LV and the most fun I've had spending so little. I'd just won $50 playing poker in the casino, and it felt pretty good knowing that'd give me a buttload of quarters if I needed to when I walked into the Pinball Hall of Fame.This place is a living museum of restored and wonderfully playable pinball and video arcade games, which are restored in-house. I think I tried nearly every kind of game, from tilty pinball (played between 2 people), vertical pinball, and all the old school arcade favorites including Tron, Joust, Base Invaders, Donkey Kong, and old school "baseball" with a ping pong ball floating on air. The games are truly well-priced, almost all costing between 25 cents and 50 cents.BONUS: The Iron Man game had just been given 2 new flippers and it was like playing a whole new game of pinball where you can actually make all the crazy shots. 25 cents goes a LONG WAY! yeaaaaaaaaaDOUBLE BONUS: I also enjoyed sticking my quarter into the Invaders from Mars machine, and then having the quarter returned, and then finding 12 other quarters all in the return slot (from people who didn't check). It felt like winning the lottery and I went and spend those 12 quarters on more games!So guys, stop wasting all your money on casino games on the sad touristy Strip and spend it here!! You'll have so much more fun :D
5	Quite possibly the greatest place to take out of town people that think they have seen everything.  I have always had a great time here, time flys and we all feel like kids, especially the kids.
1	Wow. What a turn around. This place used to be great. Now it seems like it has turned a corner. All of the games are broken and steal your money. The whole place is now dumpy and unclean. I saw the owner yell at some guy for doing a slap save (a pretty normal move in the pinball world.) What a psychopath.
4	If you love Pinball machines, especially the ones from yester-year, do yourself a favor and stop by the Pinball Hall of Fame.  I'm glad we stopped by here.  Some good (and cheap) fun in Vegas.
5	An IT friend told me about this place and when I had some free time, a couple of us broke away from the bachelorette group and a short taxi ride later we were walking into what looks like a converted supermarket full of pin ball and video machines. They range from the beginning of time to a few current ones. All pretty cool.I went through more quarters then I care to admit and spent more time than planned, but had a blast.It is a little dingy, poorly lit and the operators can be a little grouchy, but a great experience for us pin ball lovers.Its now a must do on my next Vegas trip !
4	Nostalgia overload! This place is fun. It has every pinball game you can think of or remember and even some classic video games...hello ninja turtles arcade!  Be sure to try some of the old pinball games. They are the cheapest and usually have the longest lasting games.  No cover charge, no pretentiousness, just old fashioned arcade fun. A tough find in Vegas indeed!
1	I'm sorry to have to do this, but the owner of this place is a jerk.  I got yelled at, for playing pinball in a way that has helped me play very well in pinball tournaments and leagues over the years, and not one time has anyone, including the owners of some very rare and valuable games, mentioned anything to me about abusing a machine.  But that wasn't the case here at the Pinball Hall of Fame.  Instead, I was told (in a very confrontational way) that new Stern machines were all made of plastic, the flipper buttons (of course), the sides (huh?) and the legs (did he really just say that?!?) and that I better calm down or I would be asked to leave.  BULL$HIT.  He treated me like a moron--flat out lied to me thinking I must not know any better.  This was after he stood about 5 feet away from me with his arms crossed watching very disapprovingly as I would hit the side of an Avatar machine to keep the ball from exiting the right orbit and dropping into the right sling.  Watch just about any pinball video or tutorial and it's pretty clear this is the sorta thing you have to do to control the ball and continue playing.  It also does absolutely nothing to harm the game, and hitting the side with a sledgehammer certainly wouldn't have caused a pop bumper to be non-functional, or the one-way gate at the top of the left orbit to be jammed up, as they were on this particular machine.  It also wouldn't have caused AC/DC to be about 5 degrees off level.  And to make matters worse, I never encountered a tilt warning on AC/DC, Avatar, or the one EM I played before I was warned for a second time for making a very light slap save.I would think that Mr. Tim Arnold, of such long standing participation in the world of pinball operation, maintenance and collecting would know how to set a tilt bob to prevent players from being able to move the game in the slightest, since that's apparently what he wants. I can now only assume that's much too difficult a task, and it doesn't give him an opportunity to eject people that obviously know what the hell they're doing on a pinball machine, and that might otherwise complain about the poor operational condition of most of the games in his establishment.  I chose to leave on my own after the second warning during which time I was followed out the door while continuing to be berated.  I have no desire to ever go back and give this guy another quarter, so he can flip it all to the Salvation Army (400k last year) while continuing to let his games sit broken and refusing help from volunteers to get them repaired in a reasonable time frame.  You'd think he could take some of that money and invest it back into the place but I guess that's now how he wants to do business.  It keeps the "complainers" away.
3	There are some good things and some bad things about this place.The good:They are open lateThey have lots of pinball machinesSome games only cost a quarterThe bad:I'm personally not that into pinball as much as i'm into the video arcade games.  They have some video games, but not enough to keep my entertained for long.All the games from the 80s until now are actually 50 centsA significant amount of broken gamesIt's best to stick with the older pinball games as it's only a quarter and some of those games give you 5 balls instead of 3.  The problem with the older games is that they can be a bit boring sometimes.I understand that part of this being a "museum" is that they are restoring and repairing games.  I get it.  But the games that are not in service should be clearly marked as such, and probbably moved to a corner of the building.  Even on the games that were in service, I lost a few quarters on without it registering the credit.The games will have information about how to play and the history of the game.  Interesting stuff.  Too bad most of it is handwritten on yellowed paper.  They could have at least took the time to type it and laminate it.I don't think I'd return unless I was with someone who hadn't been before.  It is something that people should see at least once.
4	I don't know if it's cheating to review a place where my husband is friends with the owner, but I LOVE the Pinball Hall of Fame and I think what Tim Arnold has done is AWESOME!He planned to put this together some hundred years ago when he told everyone at the Chicago show that he was going to take his collection to Las Vegas and create a working museum... or something to that effect.  And, he did it.  We visited on the day before labor day (Sunday) and it was pretty busy for the morning.  Literally, some games I couldn't get on... of course once I got on the X Men game I realized those guys had been doing me a favor by homesteading it, but I digress.What's nice is that he has the newest games up front for the people who want to play the hot new stuff.  I liked that he even had the LE of the ACDC game.  Cool.  I wish I had an ACDC LE.  If you're only playing pinball games that are out on routes, like at bowling alleys and such, you might not encounter a Limited Edition, so its good to have that opportunity.  Keep in mind that the newest games are pricey to play, though!  XMen was a dollar for a single play.  OUCH.  most do have the option of getting three games for $2, though.  Although they ALL use quarters... no bill slots here!  What I really like is the old games.  They are mostly only a quarter and I'm a fan of the older stuff in general, and I just marvel at the really old games.  What made me super happy was to find Eight Ball Deluxe off in the back corner, costing only a quarter and with no line to play.  We hung out a while.I and my friend played games and wandered the aisles while the husband chatted with Tim and when I mentioned a problem with a weak flipper on Avatar, Tim opened the game up and started pulling spools and got it fixed up.  That was COOL.  I love that he wants to keep the games working great.  If you have a problem, just let him know and he'll do what he can to get it fixed.  That is nice.What else is nice is how he helps the community.  Any and ALL profits or donations are donated to the Salvation Army so that this operation is completely non-profit, it's here for the pure enjoyment of the people who come.  How awesome is that?Overall, this is an awesome endeavor.  The only reason I don't give five stars is for aesthetics.  It's an old building.  It needs some sprucing up.  He keeps it clean, but it needs a sign and it needs some updating inside to make it aesthetically pleasing to visitors... it would increase the appeal.
5	I love this place so much that my husband and I had part of our wedding reception here!  After moving to Vegas, I had my birthday party here (would likely be a great venue for kid's parties too).  In both instances, the owner saved me money by saying that it would be cheaper for me to just have the parties without renting it out, because both dates fell on low-traffic nights. He let me bring desserts/food for my guests, and we had a blast.So what makes it so great? The mix of very old machines and new ones offers and interesting walk through the evolution of pinball (and some arcade games).  The prices are way cheaper than going to an arcade on the strip, and it is a great activity for all ages (which can be a rarity in this town). Most people will have some memory with at least one of the games in there, and seeing people reconnect with something from their childhood is worth the trip alone.The owner himself is there constantly working on bringing back to life the next games, like getting a glimpse into seeing a masterful toy maker from years ago toil away.Don't miss this Vegas gem!
5	PINBALL HEAVEN!!This is THE place to fall in love with pinball machines for the first time or all over again!THE GOODAround 200 pinballs and tons of classic arcade games, most of them in fantastic condition, ready to be played and loved. Tim and his buddies keep them in top shape, bumpers and flippers are snappy and crisp. They also have some rare stuff in there that you won't see anywhere else.Plus they donate TONS of MONEY to CHARITY, very cool!THE BADThe building itself is an ugly commercial box and some of the corners inside are filled with pinball and arcade scraps and junk. Don't let small kids run around there (you shouldn't do that anyway).THE UGLYThis place is out in the middle of nowhere, if you come by cab it might take quite a while to get a cab back to civilization (use the 7-11 to hang out or have them call a cab, that seems to work better, see below).MAKE IT BETTERThere is a used videogame store right next to it which carries a lot of games for older systems (incl. Nintendo etc.). Also a 7-11 at the corner from which you can call cabs and where you can get cheap drinks/food.
4	HAD A GREAT TIME HERE!I was a little hesitant from some reviews pointing out that the machines don't work 100%. Well, every single machine I played was working just fine. It was a blast to play the old pinball machines just to hear sounds and voices I haven't heard in 20 years. There are also a smaller collection of classic arcade machines (pacman, robotron, dongkey kong... etc) and they're fun too. Will be back again on my next trip to Vegas.
5	I am a huge nerd or so my GF accuses me of but I have to point out the first time I told her of this place and got her to come along with me she turned into an even bigger nerd than I ever could be; that a slight exaggeration but not by much as she ran through my collection of Quarters and asked me if we could get more change from the machines lol.This Museum is fully operation and runs on a shoe string budget so keep that in mind going in that it isn't going to be spotless. That being said it has about 4 rows of vintage pinball machines and at least 1 full of newer and popular pinball games; tucked into the back you will find classic arcade games like Pac-man and Supermario bros. I was very disappointed to learn they shut the power off at night and all the high scores get erased but for a while I was going down there twice a month just to put the top score on Pac-Man. Oh and my nemesis game is there Dragons Lair; how you haunted my reflexes in the 80s and now that I'm in my 30's I still can't seem to get the timing down to get past the first few levels. Oh how rusty I've become and costly it is to hone my reflexes back to nerd status. I will beat you one day Mr. Wizard; yes I will conquer your levels, rescue the princess and claim victory. Mark my words you are going down! Most importantly, if you have the cash and the space at home all of the games are for sale. Build your own arcade in your den or garage!
5	The Pinball Hall of Fame is AWESOME! My husband and I always consider this the highlight of a trip to Las Vegas. So many fun pinball machines to play, not to mention fresh popcorn and pinball enthusiasts all around.
5	Okay... I'm from a generation that games costed 25 cents... expensive games costed 50 cents. I also love pinball games. So when i was driving around, I saw this place and I had to check it out. I am not sure, but I could have sworn that either American Restoration or Pawnstars brought a machine here for appraisal.Regardless, I walked in and saw allot of cool games I used to play and for the same price!Love this place!!! next time I'm bringing my son so he can play there.
5	I love this place!  A friend of mine and I come every once an while.  I usually only spend about $10-15 dollars when I come.  This place is packed with pinball machines ranging from new and really old.  There is also a bunch of old arcade games.  Every time we come we go to the ninja turtle game.  You know what I am talking about.  The 4 four turtle adventure that reminds you of your child hood.  I get sad because the game is so short.  I remember as a kid beating it and thinking it was the longest game ever.  Now as an adult we beat it with about 10 quarters.  After ninja turtles you work up a thirst and can smell popcorn.  at the entrance they have a really cool drink vending machine.  It has yoo hoo, teas, cokes, water, ect.   Right next to that you have popcorn for a $1.  Doesn't get better than that.  They have a really cool AC DC pinball now too.  Around the back there is also a cool 3D alien pinball that I think is the best one.  So whether you are a tourist or a local looking for some fun you have to visit this place.  I also want to add that the guy that runs this gives his profits to charity.  Cheers!
5	The outside of the building is plain and nondescript, and might even make you wonder if you're at the right place. But once you step inside the Pinball Hall of Fame, you'll find yourself in pinball geek heaven, with just over 150 vintage and new pinball machines on display, which you can also play!Pinball machines are becoming harder and harder to find, as the video arcades that used to keep a few machines in the back have gone the way of the dodo, now that one can have loud booming games with ultra-realistic graphics on their home console. But pinball was the game of choice for gamers in the 1970s and 1980s, back when Koopa Troopa might be confused for an ABBA song. So finding a place where playable pinball machines still exist is on its own quite remarkable, but finding so many machines crammed into a 10,000 square foot hall will leave even the average pinball enthusiast agog. What's more, the games you can play at the Pinball Hall of Fame span six decades.  Here you will find a dozen or so pinball machines from the the late 1940s through to the 1960s, including King and Queens from 1965, which was featured in the movie Tommy, and Wild Wild West from 1968. These games are part of pinball history, with tiny flippers, rubber bands stretched across big bumpers, and analogue scoreboards that predate me, and I would otherwise never have had the chance to play.    A good 40 machines let you experience pinball as it was played in the 1970s, including the Elton John tribute Capt. Fantastic, a Superman pinball machine, a classic Star Trek game, and a KISS machine. These were also before my time -- or at least before I was allowed into an arcade -- but were the iconic machines of that era.  Another dozen or so machines are from the 1980s, like the famous Taxi pinball machine from Williams, but it's the 1990s that are really honored here with some 50 machines from that decade. These are the machines I remember the best, as I endlessly played many of these games (with their then novel pixelated displays) throughout my early and late 20s, when I lived across the street from a video arcade that has long since bit the dust. So it was very nostalgic to plunk down a couple quarters and play some machines I haven't seen in decades: making the Bride of Pinbot sing with her electronic voice; watching the flippers of the Addams Family machine snap along with its theme song; skillfully destroying an asteroid on Star Trek: The Next Generation with a single shot; and my all-time favorite, launching the inane Tiger Saw bonus illusion on the Theatre of Magic. All the machines were maintained in tip-top shape, and playing them made me feel like I was somehow transported back to a more carefree, whimsical time. Most of the games also feature cards and QR codes that provide you with additional details about their history. For those out there who only noticed pinball a bit later, there are also a good twenty or so machines from the past two decades including Ripley's Believe it or Not (2003), Family Guy (2007), and CSI (2009).  You can also find a few classic arcade games strewn here and there. On my last trip to the Pinball Hall of Fame I spotted Dragon's Lair, Joust and Gauntlet Legends. The older games cost no more than a couple of quarters to play, and this museum is an established not-for-proft corporation. There is no entry fee, and the money collected from the pinball machines is used to repair and restore these classic games, with profits going to non-denominational charities, like the Salvation Army.If you're staying on the south side of the strip (the Luxor, Tropicana, MGM Grand), a cab ride will cost you between $15 and $20 to get there, depending on traffic, and another $15 to $20 to get back. As the museum is a bit off the beaten path and the denizens wandering a few blocks away can seem somewhat sketchy, flagging down a passing cab might not be very easy, so you might want to have a local cab number on hand, or pre-arrange your return trip. Public transportation, especially in the day time, is another option. The 201 bus has a stop near the MGM and Excalibur (at Las Vegas Boulevard and Tropicana), and takes you to a stop very close to the Pinball Hall of Fame, between South Maryland and South Eastern. The fare is $2 each way.
5	Never in a million years would I have stopped here if it wasn't for the suggestion of Jaime W. I've never been in video games or pinball games, and I despise grown adults who spend their free time involved (yes, I'm judging you, kidding)! We stopped after pizza, pulling up it's a little rough around the edges outside, there were old people smoking out front, but inside it's like a gamers dream. I played a couple rounds of old school pinball machines, and then on my way out I say Donkey Kong, Ms Pac Man, and some other 80's classics. I wouldn't mind coming back to try them out. This is something fun and different out of the norm for me, but I enjoyed myself!
4	25 and 50 cent games. Nuff said haha.
4	I am not a pinball expert or player, but the Pinball Hall of Fame is a treasure. First of all, there is no entry fee. I thought it would be something of a museum, but it is really a huge arcade with machines from the 40's 'til today. The only money you pay is the coinage you use to play the games. By the way, they can change singles, but not large bills, so bring coins or one's. You can play any of the old games that are turned on.If you have any interest in pop culture or art or Americana, you will be fascinated by the machines from the various eras. The art on the playing deck as well as on the back glass is worth studying. The progression of the games from no flippers, to flippers, to all sorts of craziness is interesting to track. There are other games such as steam shovels filled with lentils and spinning helicopters. Expect so spend at least an hour to an hour and a half.Should you be a pinball person, this has to be heaven.
5	So cool we got married here!!!  The variety of pinbal machines (and other coin-ops as well) is astounding.  From the rare 60's machines (love the graphics) to unique versions to total OMGs (the dancing clown?!?)  Staff are helpful and know their stuff.  I found most of the machines were in good-to very good working condition for older models. They also had the flashy newer models (Iron Man, X-Men)  We also got to see the machines that's been restored on the series American Restorations.We were also very happy to hear they are a non-profit org, and donate profits to the Salvation Army.  As I mentioned, we decided to hold our wedding ceremony there (the first, I'm told) and they were wonderful and accomodated all our requests.  The area for accomodating parties is sparse currently, however.  Tim, Sal, Craig and everyone there were really wonderful.  We were so glad we exchanged our vows here.
5	It's not a joke when I say we have no other reason to visit Vegas besides the Pinball Hall. If it ever closes or moves, goodbye Vegas! It's crazy how many machines there are, so you can almost always get on the machine of your choice. The holy grail of pinball is located near the entrance - Monster Bash next to Medieval Madness next to Cactus Canyon. 3 of the best games ever in a row. Heaven. As long as I can play those, Twilight Zone, Funhouse and Tales of the Arabian Nights, I'm happy. There are very few machines that aren't here, I'm surprised that we have 2 of them! No Sorcerer or Mousin' Around. They now have a row of old school arcade games, including Dragon's Lair II (which my bf is obsessed with). The first time we were there, he wrote down every single machine there...maybe I'll post an update with that list. It's huge.
5	Mind = blown. So many pinball machines, and all the classics I was looking for, and more I didn't know existed (Mario Bros pinball?). I was thrilled to play machines I grew up with, like Revenge from Mars, Twilight Zone, Terminator 2 among many others. They also have vintage pinball machines and similar games like Baseball and Basketball. I've never come across such a great selection of pinball machines at any arcade. This place is a treasure. Do not pass this place up if you're ever in Las Vegas
4	I went here for my sister's birthday and I couldn't have had a better time. There is no cost for entry; the only thing you pay for is the games (most are $0.50, although they do range between $0.25 - $1.00 per play). Between four of us we spent $40.00 and played for THREE hours. I can only think of a few other things you can do in Vegas for three hours with four adults and only spend forty bucks (wink*wink*). The machines are incredible, and they aren't just pinball. There are about 20 OG arcade cabinets as well, like Paper Boy, Donkey Kong, Gauntlet and (my personal favorite) DRAGON QUEST!! The single best part about the whole thing is that it is a non-profit so all of the proceeds go to charity. When I first heard that I thought, "Sure, right, charity; the charitable organization of the owner's pocket," but boy did I feel bad when I got there and hanging front and center is a GIANT copy of a check given to the Salvation Army for $400K! The only reason I'm giving them four stars instead of five is because the location is the tiniest bit sketchy (on Trop across from the now defunct Liberace museum) and it was a little dark inside so I had a hard time seeing all the buzzers and do-hickies on the machines (which is the part that's the most fun, IMHO). All in all though, it was a great time and a stellar way to spend the afternoon. Do yourself a favor and play the South Park machine if you want to play one of the few machines out there with skill posts! I give the PHF four "Multi Ball Mode" stars.
5	Pinball for charity & fun too! Are you feeling nostalgic? Are you a lone wolf?Do you like to have dirt cheap fun? Ever seen a dwarf play Tetris?Are you a retro stoner? Do bells and flashing lights get you excited? Do you miss part of your youth?Are you a hopeless hipster? Is Kiss more than just a band? Are you a nerd? Do you like cheap dates?Are you a super hero fan? Are you a metal head? Does Captain Fantastic and The Brown Dirt Cowboy mean anything to you? If you answered YES or NO to any of these questions then you must go to the Pinball Hall of Fame!  Run, don't walk, driving is OK too. This is 5 ***** Star fun.In an attempt to limit my time spent on slot machines and card tables, I yelped some alternate gaming fun and this place is at the top of the list for many good reasons. Thanks Tim S.It sits in a pretty unassuming building  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RTv9HeRRtedgQ6xqjew82A&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw  not far off the strip and you'd miss it if it weren't for this sign.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinball-hall-of-fame-las-vegas?select=W7vtQ82-joiNSjazm8LrEA#W7vtQ82-joiNSjazm8LrEA  Walk inside and its like you've been transported into pinball heaven. A dark cavenerous place where gamers go to cop a high score or get a match to play again. With rows and rows of  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UpT5ZsTKVvid2mWUTuebrQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinball-hall-of-fame-las-vegas?select=Joz7Y64GdxAcDL_tu59kWA#5qjHG2r5u38OW9UDYrn0Egvintage games from the 70's (and earleir)  thru present. I was stoked to find a bunch of killer games from my youth. The only favorite I did not find was Evel Knievel, but it didn't matter 'cause I found all these gems, and many more. I've always been a fan of Rock & Roll and pinball games. Much love to PHOF!Cap't Fantastic and The Brown Dirt Cowboy 1975 classic game!http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=H-96RkcjWcxciKU7XdGqUg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwKiss 1979 another classichttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Tgwai2SR2KWa_aAHpEgSYQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwNugent 1978 (same year as  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double_Live_Gonzo! )http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=_ggoaj--Xy0RrJMm16_RkQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwAC/DC  has a pretty cool sound effects array that any AC/DC fan will dig.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=TnCzyVImwCnBZgopx9Wwog&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwGuns & Roses 1994 A great game with a awesome soundtrack and a great match game feature where a girl pulls up her top exposing the match numbers.http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=KAEts0-A7XWhnL0W-TQkAQ&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dwAnd there are lots of newer games too http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinball-hall-of-fame-las-vegas?select=ii_I4H343cK9j8YOJRAkFQ#ii_I4H343cK9j8YOJRAkFQ  as well as a bunch of the classic early video games.I played lots of games  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=FHh-iKReWdjlWgyfm-dv3w&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw  like an old school fool for hours.But the coolest thing about this place is the owner Tim Arnold who has donated over $500,000.00 to the salvation Army and other local charities from the proceeds of the Pinball HOF. He is one righteous dude. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fHHakES3UchMp8t11WI36Q&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw so bring your dollars and exchange them for quarters and tons of fun and help out those in need at the same time.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pinball-hall-of-fame-las-vegas?select=Joz7Y64GdxAcDL_tu59kWA#Joz7Y64GdxAcDL_tu59kWAThis is a very 5 ***** Star worthy place, get yer booty in there ASAP, you'll be glad you did.  I'll be back for sure!
5	YES even more awesome now!They just recently put in Diner, which is an incredibly fun 80's Williams game. They also revamped Tales of the Arabian Nights so it plays a lot better now.
5	Fun place! Wide variety of pinball machines and arcade games. This is a place where almost all ages can have a good time. Both adults and children were having a blast here. My father, brother, and I like to play on the older, simpler pinball machines. They require more skill and only cost a quarter to play! My only complaint would be that the new white lights are a bit too bright, but it is not a big deal.
5	A must visit for anyone interested in pinball. There are scores of machines from the 1960s through today. I saw (and played) about a dozen that I remember from bowling alley arcades of my childhood. The curator (I guess that's what you'd call him) said they also have 1000s of other machines in storage that they refurbish and rotate in.The old machines play for 25 cents and the newer ones cost about 75 cents to a dollar. You can get discounts by committing a few extra quarters to a machine at a time (e.g., $2 for 3 plays). There is a machine in the back that will break a $20 into 3 $5 bills and $5 in quarters. We spent about 90 minutes in here and spent $10. There aren't many other places in Las Vegas where you can claim that!
5	Ummmm I pretty much moved in here last week so I could become a level 23 Wizard on Gauntlet. I also come here to play Police Academy so I can work on my video game shooting skills. They have another video game with guns that's a little easier so I can boost my self esteem if I'm sucking on Police Academy. I decided that me and the Pinball Hall of Fame needed to take a break--things were getting too intense.Also, I love bringing pennies to use on the penny gumball machine!!! CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP!One of the best, cheapest times you'll ever have. A hidden gem where you won't run into anyone you know so it's a great place to bring all your boyfriends (or girlfriends).
5	For a long time in my life, the "quarter" was the most important monetary piece there was. Dollars were nice too of course, as having a dollar meant you had four quarters. But at a minimum, if I had 25 cents, then I could find some way to have fun. I was an arcade rat. I stayed out of trouble and you always knew where to find me. Now the arcades have largely all gone away, and everyone plays at home now...which is more comfortable but not nearly as social. So walking into the Hall of Fame was like visiting an old friend. It was not only a trip down memory lane but a righteous reverence for the history of gaming, pinball and video. You can see, and play, how these machines evolved. Then I talk to the owner and find out they're non-profit and that their proceeds go to charity. How awesome is that? I had a number of things I wanted to do in Vegas, and my number one priority was making it to the HoF.  If I lived up there, I'd be a regular.
5	I've read a lot about this place and finally went today! I hate Pinball games, I truly do, but since this place was so odd I couldn't help but go. Luckily this spot has more than Pinball games to keep you happy. I'd said it was 75% Pinball games and 25% other games of yesteryear. They were all fun! Games were 5 cents to $1. I loved the bowling pinball game- real pins being hit by a pinball! The place also has tons of junk food vending machine options like candy, popcorn, sodas all at reasonable prices. An earlier reviewer said it was free, but I didn't see a ton of free popcorn hanging about so I don't think it was free. Even if it was why would they stick it away from everyone? Change machines are prevalent throughout and have this cool feature where if you stick in a $20 you get 3 $5 dollar bills back instead of $20 worth of quarters. The game history is hand written on the majority of most machines. I couldn't make sense of some of the gibberish and it just made me want to buy that person a type writer.
4	Very cool! Didn't have much cash so really looked through the aisle for our favorite pinball machines to play. It's worth a stop at least just once, whether its just to see one of the oldest pinball machines and favorites you haven't seen in awhile.
5	Can't think of a more fun way to give to charity than playing arcade games all day. The best arcade in Las Vegas, in my opinion. I take my nieces and nephew here and spend hours of great playtime without breaking the bank. Some games only cost a quarter! Where else can you find a deal like that? It's divey yet feels like home and definitely not pretentious. Along with pinball machines and video games, there's an air hockey table, claw machines and much more. Great place for a date night or family time.
5	Not much to say that hasn't already been said by fellow Yelpers. This is definitely the place to go if you're looking to entertain yourself for a few hours without breaking the bank. They have rows and rows of pinball machines from different decades to present, as well as some classic arcade games...like Simpson bowling! There is no entry fee of any sort. You just strut your booty to one of their many change machines, get $20 worth of quarters and let the fun ensue. Most of the games range from .25 cent a play - .75 cents. There are vending machines with drinks and snacks. All it is missing is a bar... Ha!
5	4.5  stars rounded up to 5!!!!Bare bones interior and a bit too dark, but very nostalgic! Just rolls of pinball machines and a couple of rolls of older arcade games. (Note: Just read their website and now understand why i'ts the way it is...it's a non profit organization AND it's all about PINBALL and Charity!)A nice addition was hand written cards that detail it's origins on the older machines.Found about 3-4 pinballs from my childhood years. Yeah!Had a great time...playing pinball is a WORKOUT! Lots of sign language and swearing! However, I did NOT bang on the machines (which used to get me kicked out almost every day!) :)Tip: Just like the old days, check for FREE games especially on the older machines for games that "popped or matched"!!Bathroom located in the back corner was super clean to boot!For .25 to .75 a game, it beats gambling anytime and all the time!!!! Spent a little over an hour there because we were limited on time otherwise I could have stayed all day!
5	Great place to hang around and play some old school pinball and arcade games. It looks like this place might have over 50 pinball machines. I come here for Med-evil Madness . Probably the greatest pinball game in the history of pinball. Also, this place has some great arcade games, my favorite being the old school TMNT game where you can play 4 players. This game seems harder now than it did when I was 10! If you need a quick break from life, this is definitely the place to go. I've felt like a little kid every time I've come in here!
5	This was a great trip back in time. Not only were there tons of pinball machines, but some arcade classics like Tron. And when you add in claw machines, it was definitely worth it.I will be back. Keep up the great work!
5	All your favorite pinball games in one place!Unfortunately it has been become so difficult to find pinball nowadays.  Yes this probably does date me a bit, but there is nothing like hearing the machine exclaim  MULTIBALL!!! or that loud CRACK noise when you get a free game.My wife and I would travel some long distances back in college to find some of our favorites.  The Pinball Hall of Fame had them all, from Theatre of Magic to Attach from Mars.The owners were great and so into keeping this technology alive.  They were teaching some young kids how to play. It was great that it could still keep the kids interests with all the gadgets at their disposal today.If you are into the even older pinball games or classic arcade games they have those too. They are open EVERY DAY and there is not fee to get in. You can purchase popcorn and drinks (nonalcoholic).  I haven't spent less than $20 for both of us in a while and had such a good time.  $20 doesn't go a long way, especially in Vegas, but the Pinball Hall of Fame takes you back in time where it does.
5	I've always wanted to go to the basketball, football, and baseball hall of fames, but I doubt the curators of those fine establishments would let me shoot free throws into the original peach baskets, kick the football from the first Super bowl, or play catch using Ty Cobb's mitt.At the Pinball Hall of Fame, however, the game's history is alive and well in Las Vegas, near UNLV. Pinball machines from the earliest days of gaming are not only on display, but available to play. It's an incredible and impressive sight: rows and rows of games, some nearly a century old and still in perfect playing condition. The curators of this museum take pride in their work and it shows. My inner teenager was giddy with joy at being able to play 8 Ball Deluxe and Pinbot again. I pumped a few quarters into the Playboy machine before I changed another dollar for the KISS machine. I tried my hand at games I've never seen before and I played pinballs that were released before I was born ... and even a few that were released before my parents were born. Absolutely amazing.There was a good selection of video games too: Joust, Galaga, Miss Pac Man, Vs Excitebike, Paperboy, etc. I even saw a Pong machine tucked away in the back as well as a hockey foosball game where you can relive recreate the Miracle on Ice. Being able to see a Tron machine in excellent condition is an extremely rare thing these days, but being able to play it AND post the high score? Yes, my day was made. What an awesome experience reliving my youth, one quarter at a time. I cannot recommend this place highly enough.
3	Pinball games need a museum like a fish needs a bicycle.I've been to arcades all over the world, and I've never seen an arcade that sucked the life out of gaming like the Pinball Hall of Fame.It's too close to a museum, and too far from fun.Take a cue from Portland's 'Ground Kontrol', and turn up the volume on the machines.  Turn down the lights.  You'll get a lot more patrons if you set the place up so that it feels inviting.Right now, the Pinball Hall of Fame just feels like a warehouse full of well preserved games.It's like comparing a cafeteria to a restaurant.  A restaurant makes you feel comfort, relaxed, and in no hurry to leave.  A cafeteria makes you feel like you should finish your business and get a move on.In case the owners read these reviews, here are some things that might help.  (I have personally managed both restaurants and arcades, so I hope my advice is considered constructive.)1)  The place is way too sterile.  It needs to feel 'homey' if you want people to linger for a while.  Starbucks has this figured out; they lay out their stores with lots of tables and chairs and places where you can park and 'hang out' for a while.2)  A bar would help a LOT.  I know that food and drinks were verboten in arcades in the 80s, but that was thirty years ago and most of the busiest arcades serve beer.  I would personally prefer to play pinball in a bowling alley than at the Pinball Hall of Fame, because the PBHoF is so antiseptic.3)  Fix your sign.  Seriously, how can you manage to keep hundreds of pinball machines working but you can't replace a $10 fluorescent bulb in your sign?4)  Some walls would go a long way.  Warehouses are not intimate.5)  While you're adding some walls, hide all that junk that's collecting in the place.  I know that pinball machines are problematic, and it's easy to make a big mess.  But your customers don't want to see that; it looks tacky.Gamer's Paradise next door actually does this really well; that place feels a lot more intimate, and they have the store carved up in such a way that you don't see the machines they're working on.
5	This place is just amazing. For a geeky old school retro gamer like me, this place is a paradise. It reminds me of the arcade I grew up going to in Atlanta, Fantasy Island. Only this place is probably even better. I look forward to a visit every time I make it to Vegas!
4	My company had a meeting at this place today at 5:30pm. I think this is a fun place to spend your 1hrs of fun. I'm sure i'll be back again when i'm around at this area.
5	this is one of the greatest places in Las Vegas! $ wise you can be here for hours.they have just about every machine you've played before and countless you never have!did i mention they have popcorn? sometimes there are a lot of kids around, but its not bad. if you love pinball you should come just stay off my machine!
5	SO. MUCH. FUN.Just a few blocks off the strip is the Pinball Hall of Fame, located in a small warehouse, with a big yellow sign out front.There is a lot to park in with plenty of spots.  Also, don't forget to check out the signage in the handicap parking spots as you enter!!  So awesome.We entered the building and were greeted by row after row of vintage pinball machines, current pinball machines, and vintage video games.  Definitely something for everyone.I got $20 in quarters, and began to have the most fun 2 hours ever!  So much more fulfilling than losing a $20 bill in 5 minutes in a slot machine, that's for sure!Definitely worth checking out, whether you have kids or not!Also, photos are okay!  Bring your camera in, and have a blast!  (They might mess with you and tell you photos aren't okay, but it's not true.)
5	I give this place 5 stars just because it is so cool...O.k. could it be dressed up a little nicer?  Yes.  But one of the things I like about this place is that it is not pretentious or touristy.  This is just a place with a collection of old pinball machines and video games for people who love that kind of stuff.When was the last time you saw a pinball machine that displayed the score on mechanical wheels?  Lots of them here.  And you can play them for a quarter.  You can also play the old classic video games -- Asteroids, Defender, Pac Man, Missile Command.   Very, very cool.Free admission -- and most games are a quarter.  Highly recommended!
4	Hardcore pinball stuff in a warehouse. Great idea & great place to blow off some steam. There's a few video games from the old days. Don't bring bills over 20 or the change machine won't give you money.
5	If you like Pinball, and you want a break from gambling, this is a great place to kill a couple of hours. One of my favorite places in all of Vegas.They have some games I'd never even heard of. The Pinball Circus game is one of only two ever made, because it was deemed to expensive to make in bulk. It's a shorter tabled pinball game that works it's way vertically up the machine through a series of levels. It's really cool, and unlike anything I've ever played.I went with my girlfriend who hadn't really played pinball before. By the end, she was asking me for quarters and having a great time. Super fun place, free to get in, the owner is usually around chatting with people, working on machines and answering questions. You can tell he loves the place, the people in it, the whole thing. Don't let the drab outside decor deter you, this place is great. FIVE STARS.
4	The Pinball Hall of Fame is definitely a hidden gem in Las Vegas and worth venturing off the strip for a visit.It's located in a strip mall just a five minute drive from the strip, near UNLV. I recommend getting directions or using a GPS when heading over, as it is a bit hard to see, especially at night. It's dimly lit with a small sign and is not very big.This is a fantastic place for arcade and pinball lovers. They have hundreds of machines from many eras, some as old as the 20's and 30's. All can be played for a few quarters. I think that it's pretty amazing that they let you play the older machines. I am not a huge game fan, but I loved reading the fact cards that were on most of the machines and looking at some of the art work. Some of the older pinball machines are very elaborate and cool. I walked around and took pictures of everything.The guys who work there are great to talk to, taking time to answer questions. We found out that they have more machines than can be housed in the museum and if you have a specific machine that you would like to play, call them a month in advance and they will try to bring it out of storage. They frequently rotate the games out of storage.A really fun place and a must-do in Vegas.
5	Awesome, I try to go by whenever I am in town.A little dirty, but hey most arcades are / where.Major retro feel, you can feel the love of the restorations and its fun to play the classic machines.Change machines onsite (bring small bills).
4	Pinball Hall of Fame was definitely cool! Picked up a friend in town that totally digs classic pinball games. Didn't have much time (2 hours) before she had to be back to her work group. Decided to take her to the pinball hall of fame and play a few games. Now if your into CLASSIC video games and pinball machines this is your place! The place is very easy to miss if your not looking at the marquee on Tropicana. Parked, walked in and immediately flooded with old school, retro games of all sorts. There is no cover or anything so that's cool.I'm not gonna lie, some of the game were not in playable condition and a few of the joysticks of some of the games we played stuck or didnt go in the direction that we wanted.....BUT....All in all a great experience and place to check out if you have some time to kill! Old School claw machines, TRON, Galaga, Karate Fighter, Star Trek Pinball, lots and lots of games. The dollar changer is kind of janky, and I think I saw the guy that does repair running around at a couple points, and would be awesome if they took that left area and just put some wall dividers to tie the place together. But the parts and pieces of long dead machines are here and there and this workbench of a million parts, pieces and doodads is in the back which would probably be a tinkerer's wet dream of spare parts. They look like they bust ass to keep the place going, and I'm sure they are severely understaffed, they do a great job of keeping the games ALIVE!I will definitely come back, not really a date place, well maybe it is if you play the pinball machines. ;)
5	Great place for pinball, including some very rare machines, like one of only two Pinball Circus machines in existence and Stern's Orbitor One. Nicely maintained, with some of the more exotic machines set to 5-ball play.  Close to the Strip.  A must-see for any pinhead.
4	I've been a gamer my whole life.  I grew up and watched the rise of the arcade era as it reached its peak and watched the days of the arcade all but crumble as gaming consoles became the wave of the future.  I made my first visit to the Pinball HOF this past week as I was in Vegas for vacation.  What a great place to bring back a lot of old memories of blowing through hundreds of quarters on pinball machines and arcade games like Spy Hunter and Elevator Action.  When I first read about the Pinball HOF on their website I really love what they're about.  It is a non-profit facility that uses all money spent on the games to help maintain and restore them and any additional profits are donated to the Salvation Army.  When I was a kid, I could care less where my quarters ended up.  Now that I'm older and (hopefully) wiser, I love knowing that all of the money spent was going towards charity work, in addition to my own entertainment.  The Pinball HOF offered so many playable machines, some that I remember growing up, some that were way before my time and some newer tables that I got to try for the first time.  I won't knit-pick too much on the facility as it is all for a good cause and they are doing something positive with the funds.  But I will have to say that they need to update their website a little.  A couple of things that had me excited when I read the site but ended in slight disappointment when I arrived was - I quote  "The machines here all *work*, and they deliver what they promise - fun. The club members make sure of this."Okay, this is 80% true.  There were at least 20% of the machines that were either not working or weren't even plugged in.  There were still plenty of machines that were working, but there were a few machines that I was really looking foward to playing again that weren't even operating, which was a bit of a let down.Another quote from the site " we change the rubber rings more often than we have to. We replace light bulbs the minute they burn out."  Again, not really the case from what I saw. In addition to the machines that weren't working at all, there are plenty that I played that had bulbs burned out and could have used a little more TLC.  One more quote " All older pinballs are set to 25 cents per play, and newer 1990s models are set to 50 cents per play."Not really true either.  I noticed several of the games that were pre 1990s that were all 50 cents per play and many 1990+ models (almost all actually) that were really 75 cents per play.  The only 25 cent games I noticed were machines that were really old (maybe pre 1980 machines) and video arcade games.Again, this is a charitable operation, so I'm not going to moan over a few quarters difference or hold it against them too much on these details.  If I have to pay 75 cents per game, then so be it, it is for charity, right? And also to keep these machines alive so that younger generations can experience these classic games as well.  However, I'm just pointing these things out to create a more realistic expectation for future visitors.  The website paints a different picture than what you see when you arrive is what I'm trying to say.One other small thing is that the photos on the website show a very well lit arcade with tons of bright lighting.  When you get there, it is very dark, almost darker than I remember the old arcades being.  It does have that old arcade kind of feel, which is good for nostalgia I guess, but I found it sometimes too dark to really see the detail of all of the machines and even made it difficult at times to follow the ball on some of the tables that didn't have all of the lights working.  Maybe they're trying to save on the electric bill?  I dunno, but just an observation of how the website might need an update.Still, all of the gripes I'm pointing out are minor issues.  Overall, there are a ton of working tables and old coin operated games that do work great and often left me impressed that some of the older machines worked as well as they did.  They even have some very obscure coin operated games that I had never seen before and they were fun to try out. Again, generally a very positive experience and so many great games to try for the first time, or to play again for old time sake.  So happy I got to check it out and I can't wait to go again.  I just hope they get Pinbot and Black Hole and Black Knight working again as I was really looking forward to playing those, but they weren't working unfortunately.  Maybe next time.
5	They have pinball machines from the 1940s to the present, video games from the 70s to the present, and admission is free (just pay for the games you play). I enjoyed this and liked playing the games I'd never seen since they were before my time as well as those I remember playing. If you like Pinball or video games this short drive from the strip is totally worth it.
5	I was down here June 11 through the 14th of 2011 and let me tell you something I had a wonderful time here when I first got there there were a few problems with the machines but I told the owner of the place those problems and he offered me a refund and I got to choose the game and he ended up fixing that problem for me so I really appreciated it. Even if the machines were in awful condition which they definitely were not when I was there I would definitely go back and the volunteers here are very friendly and all day they work nonstop on pinball machines great place I hope to come back
4	Gamers beware; you could easily spend hours in here ... which I would've done had it not been for my stingy-with-the-quarters boyfriend. This place, while a bit of a hole in the wall, is such a wonderful trip down memory lane. There's so many all time favorites, like the original Donkey Kong, Paperboy, PAC Man, Super Mario, Battlestar Galactica, etc. There's also many REALLY old, but fully functioning games that I'm too young to recognize, but was still able to enjoy. If you have some time (and coins) definitely make the trip over here. It's not at all far from the strip and there's no entry fee (which I found shocking). The staff is also really friendly. What a great place!
5	Wow do these guys have everything or what. Games from the 40's forward. Like a kid in a candy store my day was made when I found this place, it is some of the cheapest entertainment in Vegas, so get off the strip and check this place out!
4	This place really brought me back to my youth. I also liked that they had newer machines as well. Cool place to spend a couple hours. Something I didn't know before going is that the whole place is run by volunteers. A person has to be pretty passionate about pinball gaming to fix all those machines for free. Thanks PBHOF!
5	Dear Gamers. Yes.If you are in Vegas you must take part in the joy that is the Pinball Hall of Fame.You will delight at seeing machines from your past, and some before you were born.Bring a pocket of quarters, or are you just happy to see me?If you don't bring quarters they do have change machines on site. They also have one bathroom, the pee quickly and move on.The star trek pinball machine is way too much fun, staring at the TNG cast while trying to make sure your ball doesn't dive into oblivion is always a great way to start your Vegas vacation. if that doesn't suit your fancy go for one of the retro wooden machines, or old pachinko (did I spell that right? Probably not) machines near the back.If you lose a quarter in a machine, never fear the staff is here, they will get you rockin and rollin again and may even give you some free play.Plan on spending HOURS here. Trying to drag my husband out of here was like trying to put a cat in a bath, he clawed and screamed as I tried to drag him OUT.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said.  This place is awesome!  It's a hole in the wall off the Vegas strip.  You can take a cab there  ($12-15) or hop on the public transportation (bus) $2 each.   Definitely worth taking a day away from the slots to check out this place.  Rows and rows of old pinball machines & video games.  All machines are one or two quarters.  They have change machines so bring cash.  My favorite was the original PAC man with perfect joystick!  They also had Qbert & Star Wars pinball but neither of those were working when I was there.  They have a popcorn machine for 0.25, also vending machines.   Next time we are in Vegas we will go back.
4	Do you love playing pinball machines? Where you part of the generation that grew up with pac-man, donkey kong and asteroids? Are you tired of paying $100+ dollars a ticket to see Cirque de Solieil shows? Did you lose most of your money playing blackjack and want a cheap fun night out on the town?Well, then head over to the Pinball Hall of Fame. A short 10-15 minute trip from the Las Vegas Strip. GAME ON!
5	Whether you're a local or a visitor, this is a must go place.Gamer or pinball enthusiast...this is your kind of place.Pinball machines from the beginning to today are here for you to enjoy.Sure there is a recent app to get the exact pinball classics, but there's nothing like playing the real thing. And this is the place to do it.Forget the casinos and gambling. Pluck your quarters in these machines.This place will help you relive your arcade days.
5	Casinos, meatmarket bars, strip clubs not really your thing?  This may be your Vegas destination.
5	My forearms...my beloved forearms. So much pain from trying so hard on these machines to get that replay value of 214,000,000.If you enjoy pinball or old video games, go here. 441 people already said the same thing, so this review is pretty worthless, but I'm narcissistic so I like to see my own words.Ranging from Family Guy to WWF to Super Mario Bros and everything in between, this place is the best bet you will make in Vegas. It took me like 10 minutes to drive from the strip, and I could not stop shoving quarters into the machines. I quickly became addicted and soon after, I was trying to contain myself from yelling profanities after having a ball go STRAIGHT down in between the damn flippers with no chance of action. Few things in life rival that feeling of helplessness.Writing this has actually made me upset because I'm back in LA and so far from the greatness of this place. Take me back now.Overall, the building looks sketchy with its semi-temporary sign, but it's a hidden gem. Bring quarters or $20 bills to be exchanged, bring a competitive attitude, and try and get that high score. Best of luck.
3	A great spot to for a change of scenery of the strip.  Def 4 or 5 stars if you are a die hard arcade fan.  I am not, but it was still a cool spot.  Its a big warehouse arcade filled with tons of old to new pinball machines complimented by a splash of arcade games spanning the decades.  If you feel like pumping quarters into something and are tired of the slot and really dingy strip clubs (so I've heard), then this is the place to check out.Pinball Hall of Fame - In!
5	Last year I had a reunion with a couple of my best friends from high school. While we were  in high school back in the day, we were not really pinball people but we into the early video games like pong and pacman, and above all, missile command! Well coming here with so many working machines from those era, not just video games but mechanical games and a wide range of pinball games, all for only 25 cents to 50 cents a play! We had a blast.
5	This place is a gem. They have an unbelievable collection of old pin ball and video games. Games are cheap to play and all of the proceeds go to charity. i played a claw game from the 1930's and a nintendo paperboy video game.  They also have air hockey. I really can't recommend this place highly enough, it's a great place to lose yourself for an hour or two in a simpler time!
5	This place is so straightforward and perfect. I went to Michigan State University where Pinball Pete's was the place to go for arcade games. How thrilled am I to find that Pete and his wife filled a giant warehouse with pinball machines from the ages? VERY. They are clearly passionate about what they do. There is always someone repairing or preparing a new pinball machine in the back workroom area.  Easily an hour or so of entertainment. Depends on how much of a WIZARD you are. Strap yourself with some quarters, get there, and make it rain! Way cheaper than a casino, even though those are fun too :)
5	I consider myself a gamer and the Pinball Hall of Fall is mecca. This was one of our stops during my birthday trip to Vegas. We were only here for a few hours but I could have stayed here all night even forgoing the planned trip to a strip club. That's right I would have skipped boobies to game. I was amazed by the range of pinball games they offered here. According to their online game list, the earliest machines are from 1940's-1960's clear up until the late 2000's.I never had the chance to play the classic machines from my (grand) parent's era until coming here but I loved the ting-ting noise it made every time you hit the ball against the flippers. All of these machines are lovingly cared for by Tim Arnold and the Las Vegas Pinball Collectors Club. They use the funds gathered from the games to pay the bills while the rest is donated to the Salvation Army. What a group of classy people. I have no problem dropping money here than at a soulless casino. If pinball isn't your thing don't be deterred. The PHoF also has classic arcade games like Ms.Pac Man, Tron, Paperboy to name a few, classic games of skill like your average claw machine or Novelty Merchantman crane (1938) and something I can only describe as a Howdy Doody dance off (you make a Howdy Doody marionette dance with keys while a tune is played). Come one, come all and make your fingers dance for that multi ball!
5	I saw this place on American Restoration TV Show and put it on my must visit list. I have been a huge fan of pinball all of my life. We stopped in and had a blast. Seeing some of the games that I played as a kid gave me a warm feeling inside. My wife had a equally great time and we stayed for a nice long time. We tried at least 40 different machines. We just shared the most of the machines, but I did snuff her in one of the shooting games. They have an Asteroids, Centipeed Mrs. PacMan and many other of the stand up machines from the 80s too. We were like a couple of teenagers even though we came to celebrate our 25th anniversary on the trip to Vegas. I would say to anyone coming to Las Vegas that this is a must visit place. You just don't feel bad dropping money into these machines. You don't win any money on them, but you win something more.
5	GO..... just go.Close to the strip, easy to find, plenty of parking, never too crowded and so many, many fantastic old games - all for the price when they came out!!
5	I was fortunate enough to hear about this place before it first opened. I came the first week it opened with a fellow friend and pinball enthusiast. They have expanded to bigger and better things since then. Something this unique and nostalgic piqued my interest. Maybe it's the three plus years I spent working at an arcade in Hawaii, two as a manager. Maybe it's the numerous times I spent with friends playing pinball at bars. Who knows? Haha. They have added other various old school non-pinball games and even sell some drinks and snacks.There is no entry fee. Go to see the history of pinball games and see how they've progressed from the early days to this decade. You can also play them if you so choose! It's like an interactive electronic museum. Quarters are required to play the games but the costs to play the games are very reasonable. Odds are it'll cost you alot less to get entertainment here than on the strip. So why not check it out at least once?
4	THEY SELL THOSE MARVEL BIG HEAD VENDING MACHINE TOYS FOR 50c!!!  FORGET PINBALL!  BUY ALL THE HEADS @_@I completed my collection =)  I have Batman, the Joker, and Robin now =D!!!5 stars if I find myself in a restroom that doesn't have water, I'm being optimistic okay???, all over the floor next time.
5	If your like me, you've lost $20 in a very short amount of time in one of the casinos only to walk out frustrated and mad asking yourself "What did I get out of that".  However I have walked into PHOF and played the same game for a few hours on 50 cents!!!Arcades are a lost form because of home video game systems, well it's hard to keep up with the rising costs of this new technology and having to have all the accessories and what not.  Pinball is simple and the best part is, if you are really good, you only get a "Game Over" when you drain the ball, not when you beat the game.They also have more than just pinball, my friends and I play this game where you use two lifts to guide a ball into a lighted hole without going into one of the dark holes.  They also have bubble boys hockey and a few video games (Tetris, Mario, Pac Man, etc...) Another plus is all the profits are donated to charity, in the past few years they have written close to $1 million to the salvation army.  Another highlight is the 25 cent popcorn machine and a soda vending machine which has almost everything (Coke & Pepsi products with all the special flavors).I think this is a great cheap date spot and you can get a lot more entertainment here than you would on a video poker machine!
5	I took my Dad here (he just turned 60) He was amazed, he came up to one old game (fireball) And he got a huge smile on his face. After he won 3 free game in a row, another guy about his age came up and said I remember this game, My Dad passed it off to him and they talked for a while. We ran into the owner while we were there he was super cool. This place is amazing, you can play everything in the place. Great Great time, I have been back three times.
5	"Whoa, what?!  Pinball Hall of Fame?  Are you serious?!" I thought when I saw the listing. "This can't be real."  But it was, it was!  As a very serious adult type person, I decided to tell one of the coolest kids in my life about this.  After watching about 3 videos of the place, he was absolutely jumping up and down.  This may be an 11 year old's biggest dream come true, and there is no entry fee, no catches or gimmicks, just a whole lotta pinball machines, game machines, candy machines, even a moustache machine for some reason!  Every day I saw him from the day I showed him the videos on, he asked, "Can we go to the Pinball Hall of Fame TODAY?  I have $20 in quarters!!!"  Tonight, I finally gave in and we made the trek down Tropicana to this nondescript, illustrious wonder of a place.  Upon entry through the door, the place was truly a wonder to behold.  Four double-sided rows (or more!) of pinball games, a solid row of old school arcade games (the original Punch Out, Tetris, and Super Mario Bros - even Joust!), multiple quarter candy machines (Reece's Pieces, cashews, gumballs), and even the claw games you can never really win (but you sure do try!)We played Indiana Jones pinball, The Simpsons pinball, Super Mario Bros pinball, Ripley's Believe It or Not pinball, Flintstones pinball, Stargate pinball, and on and on until we had spent about $30 or so.  Lots of the machines had 5 balls instead of just three and extra game deals if you purchased more than one game.  It was fun remembering that if you matched the numbers at the end of the game, you actually won another free game!  We loved the games with multiball and really dug the games that gave you your ball back when you lost it too quickly (happens a lot during pinball, but you usually lose the ball!) He found an old school basketball game that was kind of mechanical and cool and a neat shoot 'em up game where you hit moving targets.  We played the last one together for a while and he loved the fact that there were actually moving parts instead of just an electronic screen!  (Ahh, back in the day, right?)  By some magic, we made it out with quarters left, big smiles and ran right into a boatload of traffic on the Strip - but, it was entirely worth it.  Highly recommended entertainment and a real blast from the past - especially for us 80's kids turned "very serious adult type people" who remember the good old days when whatever was wrong in your life, a roll full of quarters and a good arcade could make it all better.
5	I love this place!!! It is a gem in sin city. This place is amazing. I love pinball machines and this place puts an instant smile when I walk in the door.
5	Have you ever said to yourself, "I wish I could walk into a big room full of old and new pinball machines and drop quarter after quarter in until my heart swells from awesomeness?" Guess what. You can.Pinball Hall of Fame combines an arcade with a (sort of) museum. They have all kinds of pinball games (at least TWO Jurassic Park ones), and a huge collection of funky, vintage pinball games. The vintage ones just look super cool, and it's kind of neat to see how the games have evolved - you'll get that once you go check in out in person. A lot of the games also have little handwritten notecards taped to them that detail when the machine was made and some history about it, so you can learn things while there. I don't think any machine costs more than $0.75 (with most being $0.50), except for the photo booth - AWWW YEAH. It's $3 or $5, and prints two strips of photos super fast. They also have a soda machine full of tons of options, and a vending machine to fuel those flipper-thumping thumbs. It's open fairly late, too, so you can pinball it up almost whenever you want.You should probably stop what you're doing right now and just go play pinball.
5	for anyone who loves pin ball machines, this is a MUST visit place! They have hundreds of pin ball machines dating back from the 50s to modern day. Just make sure you bring lots of quarters or dollar bills.
5	This is the closest you will get to travel back in time! Great spot to have a little bit of fun  and pretend to be a kid again. If your in town stop by!
5	this is the best money you can spend in vegas..and when you live here this place calls to you every week "just one game", next thing you know it's dark outside and the skin is worn off your flipper fingers.I have found a new church, and it's the church of pinball. amen, all praise the chrome ball!
4	This place is amazing.  It has more than pinball Machines; it has video games from the classic "pong" type game to some of the newer (read, less fun) video games.The staff are friendly & knowledgeable; very enthusiastic about people playing.  If you look, many of the vintage machines have the year they were introduced posted on them (posted?).  It is interesting to see what type of pinball games were attempted in the 40s, 50s, & 60s. I loved this place but have 2 axes to grind:1) It was quite warm inside2) Frickin' Robotron was brokenated!On the plus side, Joust and The Comet were working perfectly!  Another HUGE plus, quarters only, no tokens!  With plenty of change machines, to boot!If you like pinballs or videogames and have a pocket full of quarters, you should definitely stop in. I will definitely come here again, have some type of ridiculous event to go with it, too.
5	I expected to spend about thirty minutes in this place and play a couple old pinball machines. Three hours later, we were still there and ready to play more. An unexpected surprise were the vintage video games like Asteroids, Joust and many more. And they all worked! It was a blast from the past.
3	We checked this place out mostly for the novelty and admittedly it was a fun diversion but not sure if worth a special trip really.  They had some fun old school games likes pac-man and centipede which were fun but the novelty wears off pretty quickly unless you're really into the games. I was ready to leave after about 20 minutes. I'm sure kids would love it though so might be good if you're in Vegas with the rugrats or an ex-video game-aholic perhaps.  Otherwise I'd prolly skip it unless you got extra time to kill and want to get off the craziness of the strip for awhile.
5	No Dig Dug!  Ok now that that's out of the way let's get to the good stuff.  This place is amazing...and there is no entry fee.  Change your bills in for some quarters and you're off to the races.  Rows upon rows of every pinball machine imaginable...new machines, old machines,  REALLY old machines that you'd be surprised still worked.  There is also a good selection of video games; everything from pac man to paperboy.  One can seriously spend several hours in here playing these games and still be hard pressed to spend more than 20 bucks.  What a great way to spend some time on a budget.  I shall return...just as soon as I rip apart my couch for some spare change.
4	Believe it or not, I have been to at least 2 other Pinball-specific museum/arcades. This sort of thing is not that new to me. This is probably the largest in number overall, however, and it makes an awesome break from the strip. The pinball selection is very good- I wouldn't say great. Very, very few machines pre-1960, and an overabundance of post 1990's machines, which is a major waste to me. My biggest complaint is that they have greatly altered the price of these machines. Most pre-1960 machines were nickel, dime at most. Most 60's and 70's machines were dimes and sometimes quarters. The cheapest machines here are quarter, and some newer ones are $.75, which is more than you'd pay if you played the machine in a modern movie theater or modern arcade. I get they wanna make money for restoration but I would MUCH rather pay a $5 entrance fee and pay the original prices. The best pinball arcade I've been to doesn't charge admission and kept the original prices, so it can be done. The non-pinball selection is pretty good but not as well maintained. Overall they don't do a very good job of noting which machines are functional and which are not; some that had no lights on were working, some with lights on were not working. Yes, this is picky but this is *the point of their business*, so I think it's kind of a big deal. The focus of the pinball is Gottlieb machines, but they do have some weird one-off machines as well. i like the little plaques that are handwritten and describe everything they know about the machine (but also use exclamation points very liberally!!) I think this is an awesome place to come soak up some AC and waste $5 over a couple of hours. Don't waste your time playing the modern pinball machines; you can do that everywhere and a lot of them aren't worth it. i had a great time playing the older, much more difficult machines. Despite the limited arcade cabinet game collection, they have some awesome selections like Spy Hunter, the original Mario Bros (not super Mario Bros, though they have that too) and some really old machines that used to be in Strip casinos. This place is a bit grungy and the employees are a mix of young and helpful and old and crotchety, but it's a great place to go at least once. You'll need a car to get here so plan accordingly, but if you come it'll be a good time.
5	Wow. Great hidden secret in Las Vegas. Cheep plays. Great games. Good quality games and some classic antiques! Its also Non-Smoking and no Alcohol!
4	Went here for a child's bday party! Very inexpensive and fun for all ages! Highly recommend.
5	This place is wall to wall entertainment. This establishment was not what I expected. I thought it would be more like a museum that displayed popular old school pinball machines, but no... this place is so so much more than that. This place is a blast from the past. Not only pinball machines, but this place houses all the old arcade machines that you would find in a dark corner of your local neighborhood pizzeria or pool hall. Hours worth of fun, and most of the games are still only 25 or 50 cents to play.
4	Only 5-10 minutes from the Strip.  This is a great place to spend 30 minutes to 1 hr. They got all kinds of antique machines in good working conditions.  (and some new ones also.)  Admission is free.  Just to to pay for each game.
4	On a recent trip to Las Vegas, doing everything that there is to do and seeing everything that there was to see, we searched for something new.  Even something that was off the strip.Pinball Hall of Fame?  Sure that sounds pretty fun!  Went there and it wasn't what we had expected.  It's just a glorified arcade that specializes in mostly pinball machines.  It's pretty cheap to play, most of the machines are 75cents for 3 to 5 balls.It's all located in a pretty dingy looking warehouse, which isn't necessarily bad.  If you love pinballs, then by all means you should definately come here.  If you're expecting a modern museum dedicated to pinballs, then mehhh... 4 stars!  Good value, but was expecting more.
4	Pinball Hall of Fame? Not typically my cup of tea but my friends are HUGE fans so I sucked it up and tagged along. Much like casinos where there are no clocks and no few windows, PHOF is just as dark and timeless. We ended up spending 3.5 hours there and it felt like no time had passed at all! What a fun afternoon! The variety of games from old school arcade style to old school pinball to brand new pinball games was really impressive--even to someone who isn't in to video/pinball like me. It's pretty cheap to play with machines varying from .25 up to $2 depending on what you play.There is no snack bar but there are a few snack machines and soda machines for you to get snacks if you are so inclined. And part of the building is dedicated to rebuilding/remodeling some of the machines so it's pretty...rustic....but that aside, it's got a nice layout and the widest variety of pinball games and old style arcade games that you will be entertained no matter what your skill level is.  So, if you are looking for something fun to do, head over to PHOF--but here's a tip--DO NOT take a cab over. The cabs will give you a very hard time about coming back to get you. The bus stop is nearby or take your own car...but be prepared to have an old-school fun time.
5	This place is really pretty neat, it's great family fun!  Nothing fancy, but just as you would expect, pinball machines galore!!  It's rows of machines, all ranging from $0.50 to $3.00 per play!  There's a good amount of old vintage machines, dating back to the 1960's and 1970's that have little excerpts about them, making them fun to read.  I'm not a pinball expert or fanatic by any stretch, but they seem to have many of the newer, popular machines too.  My daughter found a pinball bowling machine that she played quite a few times too!  Some older arcade games like PacMan and Centipede are here too!Try it out.  Totally cool, local shop.  It's a warehouse, it's not a gallery.  There are concrete floors and walls and it's a little darker, but clean enough.  As you would expect, there is a change machine so you don't need to dump your piggy bank, but we did and that's part of the fun too!   At 10 AM on Father's Day, it wasn't very busy, but by the time we left at 11:30, it was pretty busy.  Great way to spend a few hours (and a few quarters!) when it's hot, hot and HOT outside!!
4	This place matches those dreams I sometimes have. Those dreams where suddenly I find myself somewhere that has a variety of vintage pinball and other quite old arcade machines.It was wonderful.Even if I hadn't been busy getting married there, I'd still be looking back fondly on the hours spent at the Pinball Hall of Fame, feeding machines quarters. As other reviews mention, the proceeds go to the Salvation Army. It's a non-profit.There's a photo booth too. Take home a souvenir.The other patrons seem to have that same level of serious that I remember from my local arcades in the middle of a weekday: intent on their game, happily escaping the rest of the world. Nothing rowdy.
5	This is a place you have to visit when you're in Vegas if you in any way at all like pinball.  If you don't in any way like pinball, then I'm not sure if we can be friends. Just saying.This place has pinball games that run the gamut: the oldest things you've ever seen, the great classics you spent all your quarters on, and newer games based on mediocre action films!  Games are reasonably priced and well-maintained.  The owners take such pride in the games and in the fun that people have by playing them.  I saw one of the owners give an extra play or two to some small kids who had bad luck and another who helped a little girl get a stuffed animal from one of those claw grab machine things.For me, all i cared about was that they had Theatre of Magic and Attack from Mars.  They actually had two Theatre of Magics and one was calibrated way better than the other.  And by better, I mean in a way that allowed me to do well!!This place is open every day, is free to get into, and has non-alcoholic drinks and popcorn to purchase.  As an adult in Vegas, it's hard to have $20 go so long with such entertainment. Go here, seriously!
5	I love the concept of this place so much, I'm rounding up to 4 stars. There are so many pinball machines here, it's mind-boggling. Most of them are functional, and most cost .25 or .50 to play. Some of the games are from the 60s and 70s, and a few newer ones. I had one machine that ate my quarters, which was a bummer. But we enjoyed looking at them and playing on a few too.
4	Awesome trip back in time.  Found several of my favorite machines, and a few more that I played for the first time. Only down fall on this place is the clutteredness. Love this place and will be back. Most do for pinball fans.
5	So much fun and the proceeds go to charity!  Bring quarters and/or small bills.  All we had was a $20 and there wasn't any way of breaking it down.  We didn't want to get $20 worth of quarters, so we left and came back.
4	If you are even mildly enjoy playing pinball, this place is worth a visit. Place is pretty cool. Lots of vintage machines. Cool inside. AC and all. Games run 75cents a play.
5	This is the best thing to do in Vegas if you aren't a compulsive gambler/drinker/overpriced store patron.  From the outside it looks like a slightly run down warehouse store, but inside is a treasure island of pinball machines, arcade favourites and random stuff from arcades  The old machines are 25c a play, while the more modern ones are 50c.  Some of the machines are out of service, but there are plenty to go on to. The proceeds go to charity and a 20 goes a lot further than on The Strip, what's not to like?
5	best pinball arcade in the usa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	So cool! A few of the machines ate my money but other than that it was so awesome. There are machines from the 60's, present day, and all the years between, maybe even some earlier! A cheap getaway if you need a break from all the commotion on the strip. They even have an old PAC-man and Donkey Kong machine. The older machines only cost a quarter to play!!!! This museum also houses the last working penny gum ball machine! Worth the visit!
5	If you like pinball you will never want to leave the Pinball Hall of Fame. Not only is it one of the greatest attractions in Vegas, but it also has some of the best staff members around. I regret I didn't visit it when I actually lived here, but every time I visit Las Vegas, the Pinball Hall of Fame is on the top of our entertainment list.  If you happen to live in Vegas I recommend you check our their gamer's league night... and write a review, because it may be the reason we move back to Vegas. This time we went with a group of friends and I got to play the new Wizard of Oz. We also come across the sequel to When Mars Attacks:  Revenge from Mars!! 3D graphics which change from level to level, amazing play and very forgiving... for us amateurs. Also they have some of the rarest pinball games, so if you are a connoisseur of pinball this place is for you! Gauntlet, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Dragon's Lair are part of the arcade (not pinball).  My favorite Pinball: The Addams Family, Arabian Night's, Wizard of Oz And yes they have a change machine :)
4	Brings back alot of memories. Fun to kill time and revisit your youth. Some of the machines a bit old and beat up but still fun.
5	Don't come in here with expectations that it will match the look and feel of a Vegas Resort. Nope. Come in here instead looking for FUN. This is the most fun for the least amount of pocket change anywhere in Las Vegas.When my wife first visited she saw a middle aged man obsessively playing a pinball game and told me later she thought "wow, what a loser, investing all his energy in a dumb game" She then relates how five minutes later she too was gripped with mastering the pinball machine of her choice and realized the she had been too quick on the judgment.Only negative is that if you take a cab in it is is difficult to phone a cab for pick up at some times of day.
5	It's not beautiful in appearance, but it reminds me of when I was younger, hanging out with my dad playing pinball...which is now lost among a sea of driving, shooting and dancing games.  Where is that "silver ball" that The Who sang about?  It's at the Pinball Hall of Fame.  And all of the money you pump into the games is put back into maintaining the place and the machines.  They keep the lights low to save on electric bills.  Support this place!
5	I love this place. LOVE IT! Came here in 2008, before it got some coverage on cable TV, and frankly, it was better "back in the good old days." But only because it was less crowded. Still, these days, the high volume of attendees adds some excitement and you can still get on whatever game you want with minimal to no waiting.I love the obvious love the owner has put into this museum. The signage is helpful and informative (though often difficult to read); makes you feel like you are doing something good for your brain while you also play pinball or other arcade games.Shockingly, not a rip-off in the joint. Games are a quarter, fifty cents, or on the rare occasion, a dollar. No admission. No service fee on the change machine. Just a nice, refreshing, non-rip-off place to spend some time.Also, it's air conditioned and has ample parking. Did I mention that there's no admission and no inflated charges on the machines? And, that the dude has opened his personal collection up to the grimy, grubby hands of anyone who walks in? Yeah, it's cool.
5	A giant, dank warehouse filled with pinball machines and a few other old arcade gems.  Repair tools are scattered everywhere.  Most of the machines have handwritten notes on them about detailing their histories.  They all work, most of them for a quarter.  Had a great time.
5	This place is a blast.  I don't know how many pinball machines they have, maybe close to 100? and you can play them all.  No admission charge.  The only cost is the quarters you spend playing the games.  It's well worth stopping to see.
4	So this is where all the pinball machines are put to pasture!  It's the biggest collection that I've seen so far. Also a few arcade machines from back in the day (1970's/80's). One of my buddies from California came down, and we thought it would be fun to play some of the games we used to string up in high school. This is a cool place to hang out if you have nothing to do. You can have a good time for the price of a few quarters. I would have given it 5 stars, but my favorite machine, (Robotron 2004), was off, and my other favorite games, (Xevious and Galaga), were missing. Sadly, I didn't see too many of the 1970's pinball machines, (like Playboy) - that would have been cool. It's something different to do, parking is easy and not too far from the strip. I'd visit here again, even if it's to be able to play Robotron!
4	This is a great hidden gem place in Las Vegas.  This is good for small family nights out.  My 5 year old loves to come here.  They have all sorts of pinball games ranging from really old wooden ones to fairly newer models.  Can't go wrong when they have classic character and movie based pinball machines, and they even had a Metallica Pinball which was my favorite.  Nothing like hearing 'For Whom the Bell Tolls' and other Metallica favorites while I play.  They also have air hockey, and several old classic arcade style games like Donkey Kong, Asteroids, and Ms Pac Man just to name a few.  If you like Pinball machines, or just generally like video games, this place is for you and should be visited by anyone in the Vegas area.
5	The Pinball Hall of Fame is one of the defining Las Vegas landmarks, providing some of the best entertainment and value in town. With so many different machines from different eras, there is something for everyone at this place.Aisles and aisles of pinball machines, old school video games and all things coin operated can be found here. This place is literally like taking a walk down memory lane, bringing back memories of classic arcades and game rooms. If you are a fan of video games, it will be difficult to wipe the grin off your face as you peruse the selection of vintage and current pinball and arcade machines.This is a perfect place to kill an hour or two and is a cool history lesson for kids who didn't get to experience the awesome arcades of yesteryear.
5	This place is super fun!  I haven't played pinball in years and we had a ball!  I really didn't want to leave and I was there for 2 hours.  They're lots of pinball machines from old to new and some are 3 ball games and some are 5 ball games.  Took me back to my degenerate teenage years!  Great time.
3	My family and I enjoyed this location even though it was different that we expected. First note: it is about a mile off the strip -so cabbing it is the best choice. This is not a 'museum' style place as we interpreted the description. It is a large building filled with machines from every era. Many of them have a description including the history - which was pretty cool. The cost is free to enter and the games range from .25 to 2.00 depending on the age. Obviously, these are originals and functioning. It was fun to see the history and timeline of pinball machines! Of course, we had a blast playing all of them too!
4	This is great place for individuals of all ages. Great for cheap, fun, entertainment! Lots of pinball machines both antique and new. My favorite is the Transformers currently located in the front at the entrance. For out-of-towners I recommend stopping by as I feel this is an essential Las Vegas attraction that you cant find anywhere else.
5	Ahhh the Pinball Hall of Fame!! This is a must go to place if you love pinball. They have rows and rows full of classic pinball machines to the newer machines, on the wall, they have a small arrangement of classic mario to the retro donkey kong.I come here with friends just to have a small bit of fun away from the hectic las vegas strip, i love the hockey style Foosball table, sometimes one of the sticks is broken or doesn't function fully , but is it a blast to play with a small group of friends! Pinball Hall of Fame is free to enter and machines can range from 25 cents to 2 dollars depending on what you play. As this place has people come and go all day, make sure to wash your hands once you leave or bring some hand sanitizer, as the handles and knobs you hold and press are quite greasy and dirty a lot of the times.5/5 for great value and fun! Definitely find a good 30 minutes or hour out of your day to check this place out!
5	Coming here is really taking a trip down memory lame for me.  I grew up around arcades and there has always been pinball machines.  This place has all the classic pinball machines and old school arcade games.  It's more 80% pinball machine and the rest classic arcade games.  Very refreshing to be able to play the games I use to play when I was a kid.  Arcade games today are so complex and so many things going on at once on the screen.  This place has machines that changes out quarters, NOT tokens!  I don't like tokens because I am forced to use up all the tokens because I can't  refund the tokens I don't use.  WIth quarters I can just leave and keep the quarters when I am done.  Be sure to take advantage of the extra bonus games.  For example some games are 50 cents for one game or 3 games for $1. Pinball games are rare now a days and I definitely recommend everyone to take an opportunity to check out this place before the machines are completely wiped out.  I know that sounds silly, but it is truly a dying trend.  Come to this place, enjoy pinball games, support this business because there is no other place like this out there!I am coming back to hit that jackpot score in Adams Family!!!!
5	Nostalgia!Fun for all ages!Vintage pinball machines as well as modern ones!Video games like Ms PacMan, Donkey Kong, Super Mario Bros., Centipede--the 80s live on!Change machines everywhere!Some games are one quarter!  Yes, 0.25!Soda in glass bottles! (That's a hit with my teen.)I came here (finally!) with my son and we spent less than an hour inside, but it was fun to drop some quarters in Las Vegas machines that actually give you some real fun in return.  It really is like a pinball museum with machines that are older than me, but you can play them!  Of course I had to play Ms PacMan, my favorite video game, and I lasted pretty long on the Twilight Zone pinball machine, getting a bonus game out of it.  I basically played the pinball machines that had a theme I liked because there are so many to choose from:  Star Wars, Superman, and GoldenEye (007).  My son spent most of his quarters on the Dr. Who pinball machine, and also bought A&W root beer and Mike & Ikes--clearly, he doesn't eat like me, but he's a kid.  This is a great place to bring friends and family for some good, simple fun that doesn't have to cost you an arm and a leg.
5	Love It, Love It, Love It !
5	Everyone should visit the pinball hall of fame. Its free and the games range from 5 cents, 10 cents, 25 cents, and 50 cents. We play some older game with a ball and two levers, you need to get the ball in the holes in numerical order. Such a simple concept so very difficult to do. I've only made it to 4, my boyfriend made it 6. He enjoys the Police Trainer, Hours and many quarters were spent on that game. They have a little of everything.
5	A place to make all your flipper dreams come true. A huge dark gallery of some of the most memorable, famous and fun games ever made. Too many to mention but all good. Prices range from 25 cents to a dollar per game with many having multiples. Also have drink machines and fresh popcorn Open til 11pm every night.
4	Lots of older & newer pinball games as well as video games. I like the variety and the older games seem more authentic to have a true pinball experience.  There were some games that weren't working, but you gotta expect that.My faves were South Park, X Files and the older  bowling games. We played the police trainer video game too. The place is hard to see from the road because the signage is crappy.
5	Awesome!!  Some friends came in from out of town and wanted to stop here.  I have been meaning to get down here as well, so it seemed like a good plan.  Turned out to be a great plan!  We were all kids again and just had a blast.  Our kids also had a great time!  One of the volunteers, John was super nice and full of knowledge and cool trivia.  Overall we had the best time!  I have another friend coming in to town in a couple weeks and The Pinball Hall of Fame will be a must stop.
4	Smells a little funny in here but there are a ton of awesome pinball machines!I actually thought that this was going to be a museum but it's just a giant arcade. My husband and I had a fantastic time playing all the different machines. It's definitely worth a visit. Keep it up, Pinball Hall of Fame!
5	Such a fun place! Lots of games, old and newer. Some were broken but that's the case with most arcades. Some games are more than others but if you look, there are some 5 ball games so you can get more play for your money. We were having so much fun, we closed the place down! I will definitely be back to visit next time I'm in town!
5	I am a fan. Pinball hall of fame is like a living dream. It is a museum of old school arcade games but best of all you won't have to pay an admission fee to get in. Just bring quarters!You walk in and you feel like you've just entered the movie tron. I like to come by myself when I'm feeling like I need a pick me up...an escape from reality...to just kill a few hours.Always a great time. They not only have rows and rows of old school pinball machines but also pretty much any original arcade game you can think of. The guys that run this obviously have a passion for preserving these games for their patrons to enjoy and just to provide that nostalgic feeling that we all like to be reminded of every now and then. There are tons of change machines for you to exchange bills. They also have vending machines that serve popcorn and soda in glass bottles!Pinball hall of fame is operated as a nonprofit and profits from these machines are donated to the Salvation Army I believe.Escape reality and relive your childhood memories with your favorite games at the pinball hall of fame.Definitely a gem in Las Vegas.
5	5.0 Stars Location Overview:This location is kind of in the bad part of town or slowly working its way up to it. It is its own building (not in a small strip mall). It is dark inside, no smoke, no drinks, not crowded. It has about 5 isles of games. A little section in the back of the building there is a mechanical setup for fixing games. It isn't really decorated but when you have tons of old pinball games and other old Atari and Saga games who cares about the location :)Customer Service:There are a couple of workers here. However, customer service is not really needed. Quantity/Quality:The quantity of this location has plenty of classic games to play. If someone is playing a game you want to play they usually only stay on there for about 2 minutes. The quality of the games are good. Of course some are older than others but the all work well. Side note:Very laid back and a time to chill. Expect to spend over $40 in quarters for some FUN!!
5	How have I not written a review for this? Every time I come to Las Vegas I try and stop in for a few flips. The have every pin and old school arcade you would want to play here. Most are in good condition and are at least playable. I have two pins at my house and it is not easy to keep these maintained and I think they do a great job for what they are working with here. I love to play the old the newer and the brand new machines which they have all of them. It is a sweet place to come and kill and hour or two away from the strip and the gambling. Arcades died along time ago so its nice to see a place like this carry the torch. Hope this place stays around for a long time. Its one of the few places where you can actually play most any pinball machine you could ever want to. CHEERS!!
5	Great place to spend some time with the kids.  Makes you feel like a kid again at the same time.
5	FUN! What can I say? It's a giant room full of pinball machines from all eras. There are some really old ones and some of the "newest" ones (for as new as a pinball machine can be).Just good, old fashioned fun. I wish they would make the place more well lit though. It's kind of dark. Helps you see the machine better when they light up but it gives the place a kind of dingy feel. It's great fun anyway though!
5	A Vegas must-stop. Loads of fun, lots to do, a friendly staff, what's not to love? When my friends and I were there this past Saturday, there were some people having a small child's birthday party. What a fun place for a kid's birthday party. People of all ages acting like kids and having fun, a Vegas highlight for sure.
5	Ill toss my 5-stars in along with everyone else's. Its tough to not like this place. The Hall of Fame is huge and packed wall-to-wall with all sorts of pinball machines and old school arcade games. Some of the games feature labels talking about the history of the machine which can be pretty interesting. The place is almost like a pinball museum as you can find games dating back to the 50s.The games are pretty cheap, any where from 25 cents to a dollar depending on the machine. The Hall of Fame donates all of its profits to charity as evidenced by the giant checks to the Salvation Army on the wall. The owner himself is a walking encyclopedia of pinball and arcade machines. He fixes and maintains the machines himself and can literally tell you anything and everything you want to know about them.The Hall of Fame is definitely a local's spot off the beaten path but worth every quarter.
5	You just can't say enough good things. People come from around the world. They have a FREE area for parties and events. They host charity events like SafeKids.org booster seat give aways.. Constantly changing of machines. Always something interesting and fun. Kid friendly All this from a NON-PROFIT manned by volunteers. Just to darn much good stuff. Nostalgia at 25 cents a shot. 25 cent movie pop corn. No admission charge. WOW.
4	Definitely worth a stop while you are visiting sin city!!! This place has the coveted pinball holy grails you have been searching for. Although my wrists are not supple and my wizard skills are definitely lacking, I enjoyed this place more than any casino we visited. Yeah, you may not win any money back, but the memories made while playing a vintage machine really are priceless.
5	Have a lot of quarters and don't know what to do with them? Come here! This is a really neat place, great for all ages. They have a large collection of old and new pinball machines open to the public. When walking in, you'll see tons of machines neatly lined up in rows, spacious to walk and it has kinda a thrift store museum feel to it. There is no entrance fee, totally free. This is not a arcade where you accumulate tickets to redeem prizes, just pure pinball! $20 worth of quarters lasted me a long long time here. 25 cents to $1 each machine.Some of my favorite machines were..Wizard of Oz, The Pinball Circus (my favorite), Star Wars, Super Mario, South Park
5	This place gets better every time I go there. I usually only go when I have an out-of-town friend visiting. It's an excellent place to bring visitors to show them an interesting and fun less glitzy side of Vegas. Each time I stop by, the variety of fun games seems to increase. I love the really old games with the straight up purely mechanical game play. The proprietors of the Pinball Hall of Fame have done a really good job creating a fun place to visit and experience awesome pinball machines.
5	OMG this place rocks!!!! It's like I died and gone to heaven. If your looking for something different to do here in Vegas go here. I spent 3 hours playing pinball all for 15 dollars. What a deal!  Great selection of games. They have the new to the classics. I think I spent an hour just on Adams Family.
4	If you're looking to take a trip back in time I highly recommend this place.This place is filled with old school pinball machines ranging from the old school classic ones to update modern ones such as Tron or Dark Knight. You really need to take your time and walk through the place because there are so many different games! Bring all the quarters you can get your hands on, but don't fret if you only have bills on you because they provide coin machines.All in all, this place is worth your time.
5	If you like or have ever enjoyed pinball and or arcade games you owe it to yourself to make a stop by Great place to bring your children or just act like a kid yourself. I love this place you can get lost in here for hours. There are so many great games they are always changing games around and putting in new additions. The games are extremely well maintained. I usually spend several hours here and maybe ten dollars.  Great bang for the buck and a wonderful opportunity to play games from your childhood even if you are in your seventies.  As they have games ranging form only a few years old to games from the fifties. Ive noticed that over the years ive been comming here it has become a lot more popular and it can get a little busy on the weekends.  There are so many games  and the place is so large though Ive never had a problem finding a great game to geek out on.
5	This could be heaven. I would gladly spend eternity here provided, of course, I had a supply of quarters and some sushi.In a former life as a college student I made beer money by fixing pinball machines. I got to play for free and I credit my extensive practice for my being able to prevail over my kids (at least at pinball).It being the mid-70s, I personally witnessed the first techno-revolution as electromechanical pins (the logic of which was hardwired into banks of relays, solenoids, and miniature incandescent lamps) were gradually replaced by solid-state pins (made of microprocessors, integrated circuits, transistors, and LED displays). About that time the first arcade videogames were developed; Nolan Bushnell's PONG gave way to games such as Asteroids, Galaxians, Pac-Man and Missile Command.I also personally witnessed the decline and eventual demise of pinball machines in candy stores and bowling alleys: most were never maintained and players grew tired of dirty playfields and pop bumpers that didn't.Thank goodness for the pinball revival and especially for the Pinball Hall of Fame and Museum (its official name). Free to anyone with a spare quarter, the Hall of Fame is several family-friendly aisles of coin-op games, seemingly organized, or disorganized, by era. One aisle features 1960s-era Gottlieb pins ("Points, 10, When Lit"); another has the old vid-game titles, still another has modern-era pins such as Rolling Stones, Avatar, and Wizard of Oz -- the newest machines have multiple levels and multiple balls. The original prices to play the machines have been kept, a quarter might get you 5 balls of an older Gottlieb game, a newer game might be 50 cents for 3 balls. Thwack! Your score just matched and won a free game.Change machines, and humans, will gladly change your paper money for quarters (at least the humans will do so gladly). The humans are volunteers and, likely as not, will be swinging a soldering iron over the open chassis of a machine while making your change, so watch out for hot solder blobs.If that don't beat all, the pinball machine money (and the gumball machine money) is donated to the Salvation Army.
5	Wow!  Who knew a place like this existed!  I have not played pinball in probably two decades.  It brings back such great childhood memories.  I used to play Pinball every week, at a local pizza shop in Small Town USA where I grew up, and it was so fun.  I looked forward to them getting a new machine every month or so.This place is like a heavenly look back into childhood.  Inside this non-descript, plain looking warehouse type building is a huge variety of pinball machines from every decade.  It appeared there were some from the 50's and onward until nearly present time.  You can grab some quarters from the machine.  All games are still only about $.50 (a few of them higher).  I was told that there were lots more stored away, that get worked on, and rotated in eventually.  Just a great escape from the strip.  Next time, I will probably spend many hours here, instead of the 1 hour that I spent this time.  I love it, and I hope this place continues to thrive.
5	Amazing collection of pinball machines. Nice walk down memory lane!!  Working machines helps to keep this history alive!!  Fun for the kids - and the kid in all of us.
5	Free entry, walking distance from my clinic, and a veritable deal on games prominent in my childhood memories.  Pair that with a friendly staff and a schedule frequently beleaguered by no shows and I see this place playing prominently into extended lunch hours.
5	If you ever played a pinball machine or early arcade game then this is THE place for you to visit when in Vegas. I had read the reviews so I knew we could play the machines which straight up is cool for a museum. Way cooler than that it was not just some, but all working machines were up for grabs and at prices of old. I found so many of my old favorite machines here, 8 ball deluxe, Banzai Run, Getaway, Kiss, Pinbot, Firepower and even some old arcade favorites like Asteroids, Moon Lander and Tron. Some of these I haven't played in 30 years. It was like stepping back in time. They even have one of only two of the Pinball Circus machines in existence AND YOU CAN PLAY IT... I wish I had more time as I could easily have spent much longer there. A simple must visit for any arcade fan. You don't need to take quarters there's change machines.
2	Disclaimer: Avid pinball fan here. The first thing I did when I got to Vegas was Google "pinball las vegas" and this place came up. There is a large variety of machines that are in OK condition but found faults with many of them  The place has as much character as a bag of bricks.  They don't serve beer and there is no background music either.  Coming from Portland, I was expecting something comparable to Ground Kontrol, but I was extremely let down.  The guy working wasn't friendly at all, even borderline rude.  The website stated its a $10 cab ride from the strip, but its closer to $20.  The place was pretty dirty too.
4	This place is pretty cool. They have about 200 or so machines that you can play and is hugeEach machine costs anywhere from .25 to .75 a play. I found that most of the machines that I want to play cost $.75It's really fun to play some of the games from the 1940s and 1950sOverall it's a fun place to go to for about 1 to 2 hours but after that you will get a little bored
5	Fun place to go with lots of machines.  Most of the money goes to charity so that alone deserves two thumbs up.  Safe Cracker and Pac Man are my favorite.
4	In a world dominated with consoles and online gaming, the arcade and pinball machine have become endangered species. However, here is a place where you can find such rare species herded together. For 50 cents to 1.00$ you can play an assortment of pinball machines - from fairly new ones such as iron man and xmen to oldies such as space jam and the terminator. There is a pinball machine for everyone! As a gamer, I would definitely visit this place again on my next visit to Vegas.Overall: Yes, pressing buttons to control bumpers and finding your rhythm with a falling pinball is considered old school. However, there's something nostalgic about it that mirrors that of indie video games. Furthermore, the proceeds of these machines go to various charities. Gamers should definitely pay ode to the pinball machine hall of fame.
5	Pinbot, Bride of Pinbot, Black Knight, Xenon, the list goes on.  This place is super cheap and a celebration of our abandoned friend, the pinball game.  There are a few duds here of course, but that's fine.  You can play games from the 40''s (?) to present day.  Present day pinball (is Stern the only maker anymore?) is pretty awful, and hard to find.  Do yourself a favor and support this place!
4	Good old fashioned fun in Vegas is possible.  10,000 square feet of pure pinball!Most of the games range from the 50's to 90's.  Older games are 25 cents and newer ones are 50 cents each play.  There are windows and a clock which are missing from most casinos.  There's lots of parking or you can easily take a taxi here from the strip.  This place is no frills, it's all about the games.  They have big fans and leave the doors open on hot days, no AC so you have to sweat for your pinball fun :)  It's open 11-11 every day.They are not for profit so support this Vegas Gem!
5	One of the hidden gems of Las Vegas, the Pinball Hall of Fame is a great place for any fan of old-school arcade games and/or pinball machines. I had several "Oh wow" moments during my visit there earlier this month, including running across an original Robotron: 2084.It's not all vintage there, with several newer pinball games in the mix, many of which I had never seen or played before. The machines are well-cared for, and clearly the place is a labor of love for the people who keep it going.You could spend hours of time playing in there without spending very much money and have an absolute blast. Highly recommended -- but good luck beating my high score in Ms. Pac-Man!
3	A fun, novelty, off-Strip activity. I'm not a diehard gamer but this place was pretty cool and held my attention for a while. It does get pretty crowded and some of the games are a little grimy (bring your hand sanitizer!). The whole place is too dark and half of the machines I tried were broken or my quarters didn't "take." Still, fun and worth the trip at least once.
4	It's a good sign to see an entire rack of tools meant to fix and restore pinball machines at a place called the Pinball Hall of Fame. The people that run this place have a clear and obvious passion for those beautiful old machines, and that demonstrated by the fact that every single damn thing there works.Sixty year old wooden pinball machines. Twenty year old arcade games. All in working order. And cheap to play.It's a bit of a hike from the Strip, so if you're a tourist, get yourself a car and go.
4	So many pinball machines! I loved walking around and just looking at the different artwork on all of them. Playing them was fun, too, of course ;) The oldest games I managed to take notice of were from 1948, and he had stuff from all the way up to today. Definitely a cool place to visit.
5	Probably the most fun you can have in Las Vegas for under $5. Try the popcorn machine--only a quarter!
5	Ohhhh yeahhhh....pinball everywhere!!! .25 cent popcorn, cold drinks, and pinball. Stop into this place drop $5 or $10 and keep pinball alive! They have all games from old to new. All money gets donated to Salvation Army!!!Every city should have a PHOF!
5	This place is awesome. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but on the inside it is row after row of pinball games both vintage and new. They also have some old school video games too. Truly a must go for anyone who likes pinball or video games. Most games are 25c but some of the new pinball games are a couple dollars to play. Best arcade in the city. You can have hours of fun for under $20
5	I don't understand how this place can possibly have any stars lower than 4?  ANYONE from the 80s looking for pinball machines may look no further.  All of my favorite classic pinball machines were at this place.  The best part is, there is NO cover charge.  Just walk in and play whatever pinball machines at your heart's desire.  They have many other classic machines as well including the original Tron arcade, can't remember if it works though or not.  Hopefully this place never dies.  Keep up the great prices, the great selection of machines, the easy parking, and awesome everything!
4	The Pinball hall of fame is a great place to stop in Vegas. I love pinball, so I'm baised, but this place presents everything well.  Games are all 50 or 75 cents, and they have an incredible selection.  Think of your favorite pinball game; it's likely at the pinball hall of fame.  The games come from all different eras and difficulties over the last 100 years or so.  There are games besides pinball, some really unique and old school stuff (try out the home run derby from the 1940s).  They have a change machine, but no ATM on site. Even a moderate pinball fan will enjoy an hour or two here, and compared to the casinos, it's quite a bargain.
5	A must visit in Las Vegas. Where else can you play pinball ranging from 1940s woodrails to modern day stern pinballs. Games are set from ..25 to .75 a game. Cheapest entertainment in Las Vegas. Plenty of variety and also a handful of classic 1980s classic arcades as well. As a bonus all profits go to the Salvation Army. A much better way to blow $20 instead of feeding the one arm bandits on the strip. Find your inner Tommy!
5	50c-2$ games. This place is heaven if you're a pinball fan!
5	I haven't been back to the Pinball Hall of Fame since they moved locations. They have grown and have a variety of pinball machines from different eras. They also have other games like ski ball, air hockey, etc. but (obviously) it's mainly pinballs. My family of five was there for 2-3 hours on about $40 worth of quarters and we had a blast!! Games range from 1-3 quarters but are mainly $.50 and $.75 to play. Definitely a great way to spend the day, especially if you don't want to be outside. Something different to do and its hard to find good places with arcade games now a days!
5	Coming here is like a walk down memory lane for those of us that grew up with pinball machines.  They've got anywhere from 75-100 vintage & modern machines going at any one time.  It looked to be a labor of love for the people working there and servicing the machines.  I went on an evening weekday, when it wasn't crowded at all.  They've got most of the machines set to easy & medium, so it's fairly easy to win credits.  A must see if you've got some time to kill in Vegas and love pinball machines.  Definitely cheaper than feeding a hungry Strip slot machine and likely more enjoyable.
5	There are few things in LV that I think are "worth" the money.   This is one of them.  This should be on everyone's visit list.   You'll find a place where for $20 (or more), you can replay all the pinball hits you missed out when you were young.  A 501c3 non-profit plus they give all profits to Salvation Army, what is there not to love?This place is a true gem.  Visit NOW!
5	Best collection of electro-mechanical pinball machines I've seen in one location.  Rows and rows of games from the 1940s, 50s, 60s and 70s, most expertly restored and in good working order.  The arcade includes lots of newer games too, so the kids can skip the history lesson if they choose to and just play. A nice inexpensive side trip away from the Las Vegas strip, and a welcome encore for a lost piece of Americana.  Do it - You'll be glad you did.
4	Food: n/aService: 1/5Cleanliness: 1/5Decor & Style: 2/5My ratings for individual categories don't do justice just to how fun this place is. Sure the service is sub-par (i think there is only 1 employee for this entire place), the place looks a little trashy, and the style looks like an old run-down 70s arcade room. However, this is the only place I know of that has SO MANY pinball machines and other classic arcades! Since it is so original, I will have to rate it 4/5 stars and will be back! There are some games here that I haven't seen in decades! And I am sure there are some machines that are over 4-5 decades old! Check out the pics...
5	I'm just gonna give it 5 stars and say that my opinion is the same as the many other excellent reviews. To sum it up, it is an AWESOME, MUST-GO place!
5	This is a wonderful place to spend a few hours playing games like you were a kid again.  It's located in a big 10,000 square feet room.  There's lots of pinball selection from the new pinball machines to oldies from as early as 1947. Other games are available like Pinball Circus (which I thought was a waste of time), air hockey, arcade games and crane games.  My favorite pinball machine is definitely Family Guy since it has Stewie's Mini Pinball game.
3	It's a real neat idea and the owner is pursuing his dream.  Some really nice machines and most of them you can play.  The place could use a neon sign out front and some decor on the interior to attract more customers.
1	Great games to play. There are many vintage games with a great selection of pinball. However it is dirty and the staff are rude to children if they have too much fun with giggling and jumping while playing. The old guy with the ponytail needs to relax and stop yelling at children. Saw him yell at 2 different sets of children while I was there for 30 min.  The staff argued and said its a museum and they do not want children there. I will never go back.
4	If you're looking for something inexpensive, different, and fun, this is it! They have TONS of pinball machines and a lot of other old school arcade games. The older games are cheaper and the newer electronic games are a little more but still reasonable. It's a pretty big area so you won't be waiting around to play.
5	I never played pinball before and I still had a great time.  Spent about 1 hour here playing a few games.  I was there at 11 AM on a Sat. and there were already a good number of people there.It is cheap and to the point.
4	What a fun trip down memory lane! I loved seeing some of the old pinball machines (and a TRON video game! Holy crap!), and letting my kids experience such a large chunk of my childhood. Everyone should go here and visit at least once.
5	Great place to spend your time in Vegas off the strip.  Bring your children and have great affordable family fun!  Plus the proceeds go to charity so every quarter is worthwhile.
5	For starters, they make their money by selling pinball machines.  They can teach you how to build one. And all of their proceeds from the machines goes to charity.  They at least have over 100 machines and are constantly going back and forth to fix machines.  You can't deny how great this does as a service to people.  It's fun for friends and family!
3	Great place with lots of games.   Family had a great time playing games from the various decades.My boy found a quarter and bought a bag of warm popcorn which was cool as he was the man dishing out the goods!Place donates to charity which is very nice.I would give it five stars, but so many of the games we played were broken or had serious errors that limited gameplay.    Manager need an attitude adjustment when we told  him about a broken game that just sucked $3 worth of coin and then doesn't spit out a ball - not the owner, but the older shorter guy seemed like we we bothering him while he was holding up a wall.-1 for the broken games.-1 for the poor manager.I will be back because this place is so much fun for an afternoon.
4	I loved every second I was here!  I'm not even a gamer or arcade enthusiast, but it was really fun!  A huge variety of arcade options and seemingly endless rows of games.  Though some were old or out of order, you could always find something entertaining.  I thought this place was worth every quarter I spent haha
4	Had a blast at the Pinball Hall of Fame!  If it were a Pinball MUSEUM, I'd expect every machine in perfect working order with a clean up crew polishing machines...but this is the Pinball HALL OF FAME, baby. If you want an arcade filled with rows and rows of pinball machines and a handful of arcade cabinets - you owe yourself a visit. FOUR STARS!Tons of pinball machines from every era as well as assorted vintage machines and curiosities. Newer machines were .75 cents which seemed high at first - but most machines were set to 5 balls per play - which evened things out. For a few bucks, you can't beat the nostalgia and fun. My visit was about 3pm on a Monday. The parking lot was nearly full which is great - hearing the cacophony of machines and celebrations was awesome.The place was relatively clean, the dude hanging out in the back was just that - a dude hanging out in the back. I can't knock him for bad service at all, he was polite and very helpful when I needed to interact with him. Just don't expect the crew here to be meticulously caring for every machine - they're kinda hanging out. A few machines were out of order, which is to be expected with so many. Sucks that they were Star Wars and The Simpsons. Some of the vintage games and toys were half-working. For pinball, Indiana Jones had a whacked out ball launcher that needed WD-40 and lots of the newer .75 cent Stern machines weren't leveled straight - but oh well - with so much pinball to play and so many other machines to dump quarters into, I can't really complain. If they figure our how to get every machine working perfectly and every playfield lined up straight with a bubble level, they can get the 5th star.Surprisingly the place has a few arcade cabinets like Asteroids, Tetris, Paperboy....but its mostly American stuff. Other than Nintendo, there's no Japanese games from Capcom, Konami, SNK, Neo-Geo, etc. Coolest thing in the building was the hundred-year-old Nickelodeon next to the bathroom. Mind trip! Overall, a great place that will now be a MUST-VISIT place in Las Vegas for me. Highly recommended.
5	Found this place while headed back to my room. Wow what a travel back to the 70's for me. Capt. Fantastic? Are u kidding me? This place has some sweet pinball to be played. Some of the games were even older. At 25 cents a game. Why hang on the strip. I'm gonna be here a few more days. So I'll be back for sure.
4	Freakin' amazing best 10 dollars I ever spent. The building isn't very pleasant to look at.
5	I spent 20.00 here in a span of three hours. It was a magnificent time unlike anything else you will find in Vegas. My brother and I made a special trip over there when we were in town, and it did not disappoint!This place is exactly what everyone says it is. It's all about the games - rows, and rows, and rows of all your favorite games are here. Mostly pinball and some arcade. The manager is very friendly. I had a machine breakdown on me, and he gave me back my money. I didn't even have to ask. He couldn't get the machine to work again and so he handed me some quarters. Very friendly guy who is happy to talk to you and tell you all about the place.If you grew up playing in arcades you will likely find your favorite here. I was thrilled just to carry a bucket of quarters around in a plastic cup. It brought back such great memories.
5	Gaaah, I love this place! Very nostalgic for me as well as games I have never even seen! The oldest game here is from July 1921...and you can play it! Some games will be a little pesky considering they are old (it's to be expected). I asked one of the guys working there for my dollar that a couple games 'owed' me and it was no problem at all! One guy was very understanding. The older man with the beard sort of ignored me and was rude but that can't deter me from this place. It's like a museum in here and it's a great chance to visit and revisit games from days of yore. It's so much fun!
4	Flew into town on vacation, and checked out the many different pinball games. Had fun for an hour or so, and went back to my hotel. It's a nice place, and worth a visit.
5	Finally made it here. I used some of the machines I played as a kid including Haunted House. I'm amazed that some of these machines, including Centipede, Donkey Kong etc. there were guys on hand fixing things as issues come up. I don't know where they get the parts. In coming back every chance I get. It brought back so many memories.
5	Nothing I can say that hasn't been said yet- this place is unreal! I'm a flight attendant and came here on a layover, instead of the usual shopping on the strip and gambling.  Spent about $25.00 and killed almost 3 hours, and I would have stayed longer if I didn't have to take the bus (about 45min-1hr by bus, from the strip). It's not just rows and rows of old-school (and newer) pinball machines, but also some sweet rare, vintage, throwback games (i.e., a shuffleboard-style bowling game, a baseball game but pinball twist, this tiny hunting-style game complete with rifles), and also some stuff featured on Pawn Stars! One of the coolest things is how most of the older games have an index card attached and contains trivia regarding that particular game (how it was procured, if it's a super rare find, popularity of the game during its time, etc.) It's definitely like a museum, except you can touch everything, and it's way more fun!One of the guys working there approached me (while I was KILLING IT on the Mario Andretti Racing Pinball machine)  and was super friendly, and I had to spread the word!Don't worry about bringing change- there's change machines. There's also restrooms.
5	SO MANY COLORFUL PINBALL MACHINES! There are over 100+ unique pinball machines and each costs from 50 cents to 75 cents. Tired of playing pineball machines? How about hockey foosball? Tired of XBox One or PS4? How about playing some Pong?  You can easily spend 2+ hours here and just simply enjoy playing these amazing old fashion games. If you are not into gambling or just looking for something else other than slot machines / table games, then this is definitely the place to go.
5	Ever since I was a young boy, I've played the silver ball.From Soho down to Brighton I must have played them all.But I ain't seen nothing like... the Pinball Hall of Fame! A Pinball Wizard I am certainly not. I am a fan of The Who however, and when I came here on a recent date I couldn't stop singing their iconic song as we strolled the isles and played the machines. The PHOF has a great collection of older games that pre-dated my childhood.  They have several new machines,  as well as a bunch of familiar machines from the late 80s and early 90s that took me down memory lane the way a great old movie does.  While it is a "Hall of Fame," people come here to play.  The games vary in price, but are generally inexpensive. We played for quite a while on the cheap despite the fact that neither of us are pinball gamers.  I think that every age demographic was represented on that night, and everyone was completely enjoying themselves.The X-Men game was one of my favorites...I either got suddenly better at pinball or the game is setup for lots of extra balls and genetically freakish fun!  Another highlight was the T2 Machine.  Complete with total recall style flashbacks to my youth, this game was intense!  I had a ton of fun playing it...even though my GF kicked my butt like a naked Arnold taking clothes from a biker--Hasta la vista, baby!  A lot of classic arcade games have found a second life here as well, but we stuck to the pinball machines on our trip here. The guys running the PHOF are very helpful and more than adequately took care of us the one time we lost quarters in a machine that wasn't working properly.  They gave us at least twice the amount of quarters we had lost and also informed us when the game was working again.  The fact that they were enthusiastic, helpful and competent went a long way with me.Our time at the Pinball Hall of Fame made for some great memories!  We had a blast playing the different machines and were completely entertained throughout our time there.  In the words of "The" Machine, "I'll be back!"
5	Imagine walking through the door of a time machine.  I felt like I was transported back 30 years in the past to the arcade in my hometown of Norwalk, CT.   They have a few games I haven't seen in 30 years like Dragon's Lair.  Not really a musuem as much as it is a working arcade where you can play the games and re-live your youth.  Need I say anymore?
5	If you have any love for retro games, this is the place for you! The Pinball Hall of Fame is a great treat for anyone who has played pinball in the last 60 years. They must have over 100 pinball machines spanning the 1960's to present. It was really cool to see how the pinball machines have evolved over time. Being a lover of all things vintage, getting to play these restored machines was a great treat. Mixed in with the collection of pinball machines were a number of old school games including centipede and ms. packman. The prices of the machines ranged from 25-75 cents per play, which gives you three balls per play. Depending on your skill level at pinball, 75 cents can last you 20 minutes or 3 minutes (the later being true in my case). The facility itself is very clean and bathrooms are located at the back right hand corner of the building. Parking is free, spacious, and convenient. The crowd is very diverse and ranges from children to older adults, all there for the love of gaming.Going on vacation in Vegas can be stressful and expensive, but finding small gems like the Pinball Hall of Fame makes it all worth it. If you want to take a break from the over stimulation of the strip and take a walk down memory lane, this is a great opportunity to do so.
5	Oh man, this place is incredible!  If you're a pinball fan at all, you absolutely HAVE to go to this place. It's really just a dimly-lit warehouse filled with awesomeness. No cover charge. Change machines give real quarters.  Tables ranging from late 40's to last week. I didn't count, but I'd estimate around 300 tables plus some other arcade games. Pinball was a big part of my childhood, and they had every table I grew up on. I got a little nostalgic when I came upon an old baseball themed table from 1971. There used to be one of those machines in an old clothing store in my hometown. My ball got stuck in my very first pull, but the attendee got it unstuck and tossed me another quarter. I also found the haunted house table they had at the same clothing store. It had multi levels and spinning magnets. I was in heaven. My awesome wife recommended we go because of my love for pinball. I think she played more games than I did!!  They had Pinbot, Bride of Pinbot, Addams Family, Nintendo themes, mars attacks, etc. The only issue is that it's away from the strip a few miles, so it may be a challenge to get a cab back to your hotel. We ended up sharing a cab with another couple who were there, and they paid for our ride because it was my wife's birthday!  Score!!
5	My husband is an old school pinball/arcade junkie and says it reflects a misspent youth.  This place is a wonderful interactive museum.  There are some very old pinball machines (1937, maybe older and you can play it) or newer ones that have just about every character you can think of.  There are also a handful of other machines including arcade stuff.  My husband plays some track and field thing he loves.  The machines cost whatever they did at time of distribution, so some are a quarter, some 50 or 75.  It is great to see someone using their own hobby and passion and sharing it with others and doing so so successfully.  This place is no frills, just rows and rows of machines and other visitors.  It has moved to a new bigger warehouse type location, which is a few miles east of strip on tropicana.
4	Quarters...I need more quarters! I love this place...a place where I can indulge my wistful affection for playing pinball and arcade games, and relive happy memories of my childhood days of Pac Man fever and attempting to be a pinball wizard. This place has an impressive collection of pinball and arcade games that are available for playing on for only a quarter, or two, or three. It's a small, dark venue...not plush, not luxe, but just packed full of fun and nostalgia. It's worth a visit for an hour or two. I went here for the first time today and I know I will return again.
5	Five stars for bringing it back! This place is great for everyone and anyone! I like that it's a change of pace from the regular Vegas, being that you won't find any alcohol or gaming machines here! What you will find are endless rows of your youth calling to you to come and play!! Be sure to bring a friend and some quarters, but no worries if you don't bring either because they have lots of change machines and you will be so sucked up in playing games you really don't need a friend. For a real good laugh bring the kids. They will be seeing your youth for the first time and they will be in shock and awe as they try to play Pong and Super Mario arcade style, while you tear them up at it! It's even better watching the kids try to play pinball for the first time LOL!!
2	I wanted to love this place. I really did.In fact, when we first showed up, I really was in love. It has everything you could ever want for that trip down memory lane. For that factor, this place gets a solid 5 Stars. However, the people that work here are very rude. I get it, ok? This place is TECHNICALLY a museum. So I understood completely when he warned one of the guys in my party to be a gentler with the machine, and from there we all made it a point to play gentle pinball. After that, we made our way to the Foosball Hockey table. Playing in teams, we had a competitive game going (while still being gentle, I promise). Excitement was brewing, there was some cheering going on, and the next thing we know the power on the game goes out. We turn and look, and Mister Grumpy Pants has the plug in his hand, yelling at us to leave or he would get his off duty cop friend to arrest us? Then he started spouting a bunch of bull about how we weren't members and it was a private club and we basically weren't welcome there. I loved the place at first, but the old man ruined it for me. I'll take my business to KISS Mini Golf from now on. They're much more laid back there.
4	An excellent fun to price ratio. I spent 15 dollars and played for three hours. There is a large collection of machines. However, about a third of them were very old, simplistic and boring. There were several gems from the last twenty years, including Arabian nights, champion's pub,  and several star trek. Some newer fun games like Medieval Madness, Ripley's Believe it or not, Monster Bash,  and my favorite Southpark.
2	I am a pinball fanatic. I play as much as I possibly can, and I am fortunate to live in a city that has an abundance of pinball options. Therefore, I was really looking forward to my visit to the hall of fame. I have to say that overall it was disappointing, mainly because of the state of repair of most of the machines. As a matter of fact, not a single game I played worked perfectly. Not one. The captured ball on Metallica didn't work. the ac/dc had a runaway pop bumper and the drop targets were wonky. iron man had issues. These are all newer machines so the availability of parts isn't an issue. I can understand older machines having problems, but there really isn't an excuse for newer stern machines to be broken. Unfortunately I have to echo the sentiment expressed in other reviews about the attitude of management. My girlfriend was playing Theatre of Magic and, surprise, there were gameplay issues. One of them prevented her from getting a hard earned replay. She mentioned this to the gentleman working, and his response was "there's nothing I can do about it without taking it apart". That's fine, but do you have to be rude about it? When your customers are bringing issues to your attention about games they are spending money on, the appropriate response isn't rudeness. I'm afraid I can't recommend a visit to the hall of fame, and that's a shame because it could be a world class collection.
5	One of my favorite places to visit when I'm in Vegas. Brought our 11 year old son this time - he loved it and had a lot of fun! It was also a lot of fun showing him the kinds of pinball games I used to play as a kid. Also showed him how to look for free games that people left on the old machines - he scored at least 5 or 6 free ones :)
5	This is a great place to spend a few hours, and not much money. They have tons of pinball machines, including games from the 50's and 60's, as well as modern games. They also have retro arcade games. Most of the old games are .25 for a play, and the newer ones are usually .50-.75 per play.
4	Great way to spend a lazy Sunday. I always feel like I have been warped back in time when I step foot in here. Endless games to chose from, hours of fun.
5	Love this place still as awesome as ever. Now has a $3 photo booth.
5	I loved this place! I felt like a kid again. This was my favorite experience in Vegas! From the outside it kinda looks like a warehouse so I didn't know what to expect. You walk in and it looks kinda run down but don't let that fool you. This place has so much to offer. I loved the variety of pin ball machines. But that's not all they have. There are arcade games like pac man, super Mario, and lots of others. One if my favorites was there called police trainer!! It's so fun! They also had the  crusin USA car game that I loved playing as a kid. So many options and a lot of games just cost 25 cents! Don't worth if you don't have change because they have change machines. Brings you back to the good ol' days. I went with 3 other people all older than myself so this place is awesome for any age!
3	Neat little arcade.  The greatest overall feature is that it is basically a functioning museum.  The pinball machines are lined in a time period fashion.  You can see what American fads were deemed cool enough to make a marketable coin op game each decade by decade.  Such as early 50's cocktail party themes to retro sci-fi themes of the 60's on to Rock&Roll themes of the 70's, 80's franchise themes like Star Wars up to 90's Terminator 2 and Simpsons pinball machines.  Perfect for the cheap highschooler dollar menu date (especially when it was right next to the dollar theaters, lol) or just a quick cheap activity for the kids.
4	Awesome selection of old school to new pinball machines. They had a nice variety of games even one's I've never seen before. My favorite was the wall of 80's arcade classics. I was so looking forward to playing Paperboy which they had however the controls weren't functioning properly. Otherwise this place would warrant 5 stars easy.
4	A must see attraction in Las Vegas.  I am not sure if my 6 year old is having more fun than I am and I am 56. At least it's an electronic game that my kid isn't more tech savy then I. Most of the machines work dome our 50 years old. Air conditioning is poor but with the heat from the machines what do you expect.  Good value $30 lasted about two hours.
5	So much fun with a very large variety of machines! The play prices were very good and some of the games even gave 5 balls per game! Great place to spend time!
5	This step back into Americana gets the highest rating..but it could be sooo much better! is it a museum or  just a step back into the baby boomers past? Its dark,dingy...but extremely unique and a lot of fun. place has a great variety of games from many different eras..thats what makes it so unusual . some may argue with me..but it needs to be modernized if just a little bit. make it more comfortable....have a nicer snack area..make it a destination spot. owners could do so much more with this space. unlimited potential....
5	Amazing collection of well maintained and refurbished machines. It will be on my list to visit everytime I come to Vegas!
5	What an awesome hidden gem. The location is not too far off-strip, and just a little bit past UNLV. There's a giant sign that tells you it's location.Inside, it's like a giant pinball arcade. They range from ancient Bally's classics to the modern pinball game you'll see at your local pizza shop. They even had a crane game from the 1930's... which goes to show you how long they've been taking people's money with that damn machine.There are also some other arcade games scattered about, including some of those old-fashioned shooting gallery games. And the best part of all this is that most (if not all) the games are 25-50 cents a play. And it's pinball, so that single quarter can get you a solid 10-15 minutes of gameplay if you are that lucky/talented.I'd highly recommend checking this place out if you have a free morning in Vegas. It'll take a cab or bus to get there, but I just drove myself from the strip to the Pinball Hall of Fame and back in time to get lunch at Aria. It's worth the trip if you're a fan of pinball.
5	I fricking love this place! There are rows and rows of pinball machines. They have retro and new ones. You can pay for one game (3-5 balls) or three or four for 1.50 or 2.00, which is a steal if you ask me. Some pinball machines are more forgiving than others (I played nearly forever on the Rollercoaster Tycoon one because it kept giving me free balls). Best part, there is no entry fee!
5	Everything you think it will be and more. Enjoy! The guys who run it will help you with tips and are super friendly. Have fun playing new games and the kicker is the challenge of playing enough while you are here. Plan 2 trips to the this gem.
5	Had so much fun here. I really liked that it's not just pinball machines. They have different types of games you can enjoy. Can't wait to go again
5	This place is so super rad awesome!  Like strpping back in time.  Every pinball machine you can think of plus many other classic games to enjoy like Punch Out, Paperboy and Star Wars. My friend Mitch turned me on to this place a few years back and ive been coming back ever since.
5	I will literally fight you for the Spider-man pinball machine don't even test me.No but really, this place. No entry fee, just bring a pocket full of quarters and game away. It's never too crowded here, at least when I go, so there's always plenty of different machines to pick from and have a go at. Usually kept really clean and great for date night or a night out with the kids. I love going here and usually end up crying over the Star Trek machine.
4	Bring quarters and spend hours playing your'e old favorite games.
5	This place is awesome. There are no ATMs so get cash before you arrive. They also do parties here. It is staffed by volunteers as it's actually classified as a museum. All of your favorite games are here and they cost a quarter up to a dollar. My som and I come almost every week.
5	Great fun!  Love this place!  Highly recommend for your visit to Vegas-----will come back again!!!!!!
5	Awesome place, love the atmosphere!!! this place is great to kill hours and not spend more then 5 dollars, I keep coming back and back to this place, great time
5	This place was the most fun we had in Vegas, after flying a helicopter and my wife of course. They have pinball machines before they had flippers (the bumpers move) all the way up to the present and you can play them all. No machine eating quarters or sticky flippers, they are perfectly maintained. Also many other old school games like centipede and asteroids, and all kinds of others like hockey with the puck and shooting games.
5	I adored arcades when I was growing up, but my favorite was always pinball. This place is literally a museum where you get to play with everything. It is one of my favorite things to do in Las Vegas...I always spend a couple of hours there in nostalgic bliss.
5	Dad and I playing pinball together in the arcade of whatever bowling center we found ourselves in... some of the best childhood memories.With that, this place rocks! These dudes have a passion about keeping pinball alive and I respect that with lots of quarters.Definitely my most frequented spot in Vegas. So worth the travel off the Strip.
5	Hard to believe this is only a few blocks from The Strip... It couldn't be more different, but perhaps that's a good thing?Large warehouse-ish room stocked full of games. From the old school to the latest, they must have them all! Guy on duty to fish out stuck balls and jammed quarters.No ATM on site, but there are approximately 45 7- elevens within two blocks.
5	I love this place! I was there for about an hour and only spent five dollars. I love how they have old school games and even some new ones too. I don't think I can ever go to game works or other places. They just can't live up to this place. I even got popcorn for 25 cents! I'll be back for sure. :)
2	I went here with a few kids on an outing. The people who own this place are extremely rude! Not good with children at all. The machines are cool but I would never take kids here again. The way that the man talked to one of the children in my group was horrible, one of the machines stole the kids money and when the kid told the man he snapped at the child and told him "hurry up pick another machine! You don't understand me? Pick a machine!!" Also the woman who was there was yelling at the children and was not patient at all. I understand that some of the machines are worth a lot of money but she was eyeballing the kids as soon as they came in just waiting to shout at them. It was uncomfortable for everyone involved.
4	Fun place to go when you need some old-school gaming. It's called "the Pinball Hall of Fame" but I come for the regular arcade games. Serious fun.They have the original arcades of many classics such as - Mario Bros- Super Mario Bros- Donkey Kong- Pac-Man- Mrs. Pac-ManAnd many more. Most games are only $0.25 to play. Very fun.
4	No frills sign outside to let you know you've reached the place you've been looking for. Large warehouse full of pinball machines and arcade games from the past.  Not fancy but, something to do. Good decent priced fun for kids :) as well as adults!
5	This is hands down, my absolute favorite place to haunt when I am in Las Vegas. I know, "you go to LV to play pinball?!?" The answer is yes, yes I do. It is every pinball junkies dream to find a dimly lit, air conditioned hall, with all types of vintage and modern pinball machines. Most of the machines play for a quarter and if you need help with lost change they are very friendly in the back. Not everything is pinball, they have some arcade and racing games. They even have a Whack A Croc game in the back. ProsPinball housed in 10,000 square feet!1950's to 1990's pinball machines60's, 70's, and 80's pinball machines are prevalentPopcorn from the vending machine for 50 centsYoo-hoo and other treats are available for saleNon-profit, all excess proceeds go to charity. Imagine, gaming benefiting charity! ConsNone, other than the Pinball Hall of Fame being too far away for most of usJust go, take the kids. I wasn't around for most of pinball history but that doesn't mean I don't appreciate and love it! See the website for their pinball game list and complete history.
1	In my first review I posted ... I did not know what I know now.  My brother informed me that he went to this place 2 weeks before I did. He informed me of the experience he had  when he went with my sister-in-law and my niece and nephew.   He told me about how my 7 year old nephew was enjoying himself playing the games there when all of a sudden this old crazy white haired woman came out from nowhere and grabbed my nephew by his shoulders and started yelling at him and shaking him violently back and forth.  My sister-in-law confronted the crazy lady and said something to her.  She said the crazy lady worked at the Pinball Hall of Fame.   Okay, can I just say that if I were there at that time and witnessed that  crazy old white haired bitch lay a hand on my nephew that I think I would of got arrested.  I would of knocked that crazy ass troll flat out! For this purpose.... I am taking away 3 stars!!!!!!!!You need to lock that psycho troll up! Don't let her out in public.Let alone give her a job?!  I don't know if she is part of the family that owns this place or not. But, all I can say is, leave her at home. Or put her in a asylum where she belongs!
5	Best use of a dollar in Vegas. These machines are set up to play for fun, unlike so many that I grew up playing.  The magnets are set to keep you playing, and almost every game gives you the full five ball run.  Replay games are at an attainable level, and it is clear to me the owner loves the game and wants more people to love it too.When I go to Vegas I always take time away from all the flashing lights to go look at more flashing lights!  This place lets me touch real quarters too!  The drive off strip helps keep this place from getting too busy, so it is always a great experience,  When you can not only see some of the rarest games from the past and present but play them you know you have a winner.If you grew up playing pinball you will have a hard time spending twenty bucks here. You can play one game for a long time if you are a pinball wizard.  If you have kids this is a safe venue to bring them, and they have good popcorn for a quarter.If a machine is not working quite right, the staff seems like they want to know.  All of the machines are in such great shape it amazes me. These are not tired old cast off machines.Machines from the 40's can be played here.  My favorite is the Circus game that was built in a cabinet that looks like a pac man machine - but it is a pinball machine.  It is one of only two ever made!  Many of the machines have an historical slant that most collectors would keep away from the public.  The Circus is the highest priced machine there at one dollar a play - everything else is priced low and even the new machines like Iron Man allow you to buy multiple games for less than the one game price. ( One game 75 cents, 3 plays for $2)Go have some real fun to add to your reel fun!
4	Wasn't sure what to expect.  It was pretty refreshing to try somewhere off the strip although I got a little worried when our taxi driver had a slightly confused look when I asked him to take us to the Pinball Hall of Fame.  I guess it's not as popular of a tourist spot but we got there eventually.  It doesn't look like much.  The outside is not decorated.  A sharp contrast from the glitz and glam on the strip.  There was a simple sign by the parking lot.  Wasn't sure if we were in the right place at first because the building didn't have anything on it.  There's a lot of variety in Pin ball machines obviously.  Newer ones cost around 75 cents to play while older ones tend to be 50 cents.  There's several change machines in front.  Some of the pinball machines have handwritten note-cards about their history.  I believe they are starting to use QR codes you can scan on your phone as well.  The vast majority of people are just interested in playing.  You don't play for any tickets.  It's for amusement only as many stickers say on the machines.  If you go to the very back you can see some taken apart and being worked on.  Pretty unique.
3	The place is awesome. Soooo many games to play and awesome claw machines. The 3 stars is for the staff. The same guy is a jerk, has a ponytail and glasses around 30s to 40s. Very rude. Yes, I have a 5 year old and yes she does have a lot of energy but that doesn't mean he gets to yell at my child. Also never really met once nice person who worked there. Will go back but will ignore any member of the staff.
5	How could you not give 5 stars to a place that has a volunteer staff, and gives the profits to charity?  I remember the original location at Trop and Pecos!  Tell EVERYONE you know that lives here or is from out of town.  They will thank you for it.  Good people, with good hearts, and a good time by all!  Open at 11am.My family and friends love it!  Your will too!  Enjoy!
5	This place is seriously one of my most favorite place to go. It is unbelievably cheap!! Most of the games range from $.25 to $1. Give it $10, maybe $15 for the night and you're set. I love how there are so many arcade games there. I guess the only downside to it is how the place looks. The inside looks a little janky.  From the outside, you could never tell what wonders lies on the inside. But I guess that's good because its not packed like game works.This place is awesome and cheap.
4	Wow. What a blast! So much fun playing all the different pinball machines. It was a little warm in there but not too bad. And there were some dark creepy corners but the cheap fun made up for all that. I was a little worried that the crowd would be tourist, douchey or over run with dick teenager but it was average group families, first date night couples and middle aged nerds... My kinda crowd. They had so many unique games and a lot them were only a quarter. Can't wait to go back.
4	Before visiting Vegas, we'd heard this was one of the 'hidden gems.' Hidden is right. The place is extremely unassuming. While's it's not hard to find, it's a little awkward walking into a place with no windows. Once inside we were greeted with the sound of pinballs everywhere! The guy who was 'working' the day we visited was very nice - giving us the history of the place and a lot of neat information. (I say 'work' because they are all volunteers, and all profits apparently go to the Salvation Army.)For about $10, we were able to have a great time for about 2 hours. The real treasure of this place for us was playing games back from the '40s, '50s, and '60s. Some were very mediocre, but some were really interesting! Of course, there were some newer games as well, which were fun. Our favorites were the two player pinball (what? It even tipped for the different player), the 'pinball' that was really a craps game in disguise, the weird Q*bert one that moved strangely, and this space one with magnets that moved the ball in unpredictable ways. We had a blast there, but honestly, once was probably enough. We might go again once our kids are old enough though so they can play some of the older games.
5	Lots of pinball machines to keep you occupied for hours. The selection of machines are numerous and they have older machines also. The South Park machine is my fave.
5	Yeah, I'll give it the 5.  I had more fun here wasting 20 bucks than I did in the casinos...Great assortment of games, from the real oldschool classic pinball machines, to modern machines, and everything inbetween.  Some unique machines are hidden about and while the do cost a pretty penny, they're fun and interesting to play.Give this place a go and have fun wasting some money here instead of the casinos!
5	This place is absolutely amazing! After going the first time, I can't stop bringing it up as a option when my friends are looking for something to do. They have all of the original pinball games and even new ones. Though, the machine that made me scream with joy was the original TRON machine! I thought they only had one at Disneyland and Insert Coins in Downtown Fremont but, I was totally wrong! I couldn't stop playing. They have the original Super Mario Bros. too. Most of these games only cost .25 cents to play! As a college student, this place is appealing in more ways than just one.
5	A great time for anyone interested in pinball or other early arcade games.  We spent about two hours and had a blast playing old, new, classic pinball and a few other older arcade games.  The building is unassuming, but was clean and the staff on duty were extremely helpful.  We needed some information about one of the older pinball games (World Cup Soccer 94) and the gentlemen spent about 20 minutes explaining everything we should consider to maintain our game at home.  He also provided us a few different "Rubber Rings" for my machine at home and would not accept any payment...just appreciated our support for the store.  Definitely a real hidden gem and worth the visit!!!!
5	Wasn't sure when we saw building it was the right place, it was and worth the drive off the strip to check out all these old games and have some fun
5	Lots of pinball machines packed together. No admission just bring cash to pay for the huge selection of games.  A little something for everyone.
4	If you love the 50-60s pinball, this is nirvana.  I wanted some late 70s-early 80s pinball, and didn't recognize any games that they had.  And most pinball games are .50-.75 cents per play - just something to keep in mind.  There are also some old school video games (Tron, Donkey Kong, Asteroids, Defender, Robotron, Super Mario Bros, Space Invaders, Ms. Pacman, Paperboy, et. al).  These were all .25 cents per play.  I spent 2 hours and about $10 here and had fun.  Based on that alone, I'd give it a 5.  But one of the pinball machines took my .75 cents, and I had no idea who to even see about that, as the only employee I saw was an electrician type fixing games in the back, and he certainly looked engaged, so I decided that I would just think of it as admission.  The place is free btw, and the building is ugly on the outside, and certainly ugly inside.  But yeah, a way better investment than slot machines!
4	This is a great place to hang out for a few hours to get out of the heat!  Lots of cool games, old and new that are fun to play.  Beverage machine and snack machine available if you get hungry or thirsty.  There is also a popcorn machine.
5	When the Mr. suggested this place as an afternoon activity when we had a few hours to kill in Vegas, I wasn't exactly thrilled. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy video games and pinball games, but I sort of expected it to be full of old stuff that wouldn't be really interesting. I was so wrong! Games from as early as the 1930's (there may have been earlier, but the place is huge so I didn't read all the signs). One of the games was something I'd never seen before and we spent a good half hour playing it. I probably would have kept on playing it if I wasn't so interested in seeing what else was there. We played a rolling ball game with an alien that insulted us for not hitting the target. I mean real insults. THAT was fun! All in all, $10 kept us busy for over an hour and I would have stayed longer if we didn't have plans that night. Definitely something to add to your must do list when you're in Vegas.
5	This place is absolutely fantastic. Tons and tons of pinball and electromechanical games, all of which are in excellent, constantly maintained shape. I spent about five or six hours there, and I only spent 30 bucks. 30 bucks! They even have machines that dispense they get bags of popcorn for a whopping $0.25. ProTip: Take a taxi out, and you can return to the strip via the 201 bus.  Also great: The Gamers Paradise used game store that is to the left of the museum.
5	This is a must-do in Las Vegas!  If you want to throw some coins in a machine, this is a place where doing so is actually fun!  They have tons of new and old pinball games, with friendly prices and the games are in great condition.  My only wish, that this weren't so far from home!
4	This is a great alternative for people looking for something fun to do while their friends lose hundreds playing the slots! They have retro machines and new ones as well. My favorite games last time I went were Black Knight 2000, Lord of the Rings, and X-Men. I can easily spend 2+ hours of time, while spending less than $10, every time I go. Some of the machines are glitchy and that can be frustrating when you are the heat of the game, but if you talk to the owner, he is usually able to fix the machine. He even reimbursed me for the quarters I put in and I didn't even care about getting my 50 cents back.
4	My husband and I had a great time here, as a matter of fact we went twice while we were visiting Vegas.While it was super fun, I will say that the employees (maybe the owner one time) are really unfriendly. My husband wanted to ask questions about the games, and an older grumpy guy kinda shut him down.
5	This place brings back some memories of when my father used to shlep me to the arcades when I was five and six years old.  Amazing selection of old coin-ops and pinball machines.  The only thing I didn't like was the Weird Science owner who has absolutely no social graces and has the personality of dirt.  Don't try striking up a friendly conversation, he'd rather put on his work goggles and bury his head in a solenoid.  Also a ton of machine are out of order which is understandable, but he needs to hire more staff to fix machines.  Also the hand written notes on the machines attempting to explain the history are in dire need of an update, and the bar code scans are so 2012.
5	Love this place!  Please get a tempest machine.
5	I love pinball, and this place just made my vacation in Las Vegas.  With several hundred machines ready to play to your heart's content from the 80s and up, you will find some machines you loved as a kid, and others that you'll discover that you've never played before.There are some prototype one-of-a-kind machines here and a lot of machines have index cards with a short history of the game and its manufacturing.My all time favorite Addams Family was here and a new favorite (from the 90s) I discovered was a Who Dunnit?  There also was a vertical Circus machine which was truly awesome to play and know that it was only one of 2(?) ever created made it even more special.  There's more than a handful of non-pinball machines here, too, and the staff although somewhat grumpy was helpful and nice.  I like that they donate a lot of money for the Salvation Army, too.This place is nostalgia unlimited and to blow though a few hours and bucks is more fun here than doing it at the casinos.
5	Kling! Klang! Ping! Thunk!Holy Smokies Batman!  Rows upon rows of pinball machines from the recent ones back to old mainly mechanical pinball machine.There's a change machine and most games are 50 cents are 75 cents per play depending on the machine.  Newer machines tend to be more expensive as the old school ones are a bit cheaper.  There are a lot of choices but the new ones tend to be in the front and the older ones in the back.There is this one cool two player machine that lets you play against another player.  Kind of like pinball air hockey.My personal favorite is 'The Simpsons: Pinball Party' machine.  I was able to get the scores high enough to get a free replay twice.My friend and I split $20 worth of quarters between the two of us and we got about half an afternoon's worth of play.  Definitely a stop in Vegas that I will be going to time and again.
5	I want to thank my Yelp friend Ilona for putting this unusual place on my radar.  Yes, I will admit that I am old enough to remember playing old fashioned pinball and video games like paceman growing up. The Pinball Hall of Fame is filled with hundreds of vintage and later model pinball machines, video games like paceman, tron, etc., as well as interactive games like hockey, baseball, and air hockey.  For me, it was so interesting to see the evolution of the pinball games.  There were fairly simple games from the 1950's ("College Coed") to ones with (literally) more bells & whistles from the 1990's.  Believe it or not, the older games were more difficult (I think it was stiffer flippers!)There was every type of game you could think of: Star Trek, Indiana Jones, Simpsons, Family Guy, AC/DC....too many to name.  The games ranged from 25 to 50 cents for 3 to 5 balls.  The prices were higher for the newer games.  Nevertheless, compared to modern game venues such as Dave & Busters, this place was cheap.  I think four of us played for hours for about 30 dollars.  Dave & Busters would be well more than $100. Yes, the place is old and run down.  There are just a couple of vending machines for food and drink.  But believe it or not, my 10 & 11 year old boys LOVED it!!!!  These PS3 and Wii junkies enjoyed every minute of the Pinball Hall of Fame.  After hours play they left wanting more.  I noticed some reviews complained that the staff was unfriendly or strange.  I did not speak with the staff but found them to be walking around with smiles on their faces.  My husband spoke to one staff members who said the proceeds from the place go to charity. I did not see anything about that printed anywhere on the premises or what charity he was referring to.  Regardless if this is true or not, this is a unique and reasonable entertainment venue that I would be eager to return to.  If visiting Vegas, especially with kids, I would highly recommend a visit.  In a nutshell, especially for Vegas,  it's "good clean fun".
3	What has two thumbs and likes pinball? This girl!I have always enjoyed pinball games since I was a child.  The Pinball Hall of Fame has rows and rows of new and classics everyone will enjoy.  There is a change machine so you don't have to worry about getting change beforehand.  Many of the machines are about .75 for a game.  I think $20 lasted over an hour.  I'm really not the professional pinball player so $20 might last longer for others.  During one of my games, the ball was stuck so I had to get the guy working on machines in the back.  He came across disturbed and irritated.  Glad I didn't have to bother him again.  The place was somewhat dirty. I definitely used hand sanitizer when leaving.  The clientele here brings in all types.  We were there at night and didn't feel too comfortable.  I'd come again since I love pinball games but It would be during the day.
5	Wow this place is pretty cool.  Lots of old school pinball machines and some more modern and you can actually play most of the machines there.  Most of them are a quarter to play so it won't break the bank lol.  Come check it out.  It is pretty interesting and they give you a little history about each machine on a printed card next to it.
5	Fun place to spend quality time with your kids or go on a unique date!
5	What a magnificent art center. This is a tribute to Pinball Hall Of Fame for his vision and legacy. I adored seeing Van Gogh's "irises" the most. The setting, gardens, architecture, docents, and art - magnificent! A must!
5	This is a great diversion from the strip, well worth searching out if you like pinball. Machines of all vintages, all lovingly maintained and playable, for a reasonable price. A nice touch is the handwritten cards on the machines giving a bit of history. You can play the first machine to have electronic scoring, or the first to feature long hair and short skirts. Loved it.
5	If you love pinball, stop on in.  They have all kinds and they run on quarters.  I love the old rotary type scoring machines and they have plenty.
3	They have lot of old vintage pin ball and game machines.  I came here late night in October and it was not well air conditioned and muggy.  Not sure what it's like in day light, but when I was here little late at night there were some interesting characters like I'm in old X-files episode or something.  And it's in this very plain looking building.  Have to say I was little creeped out, but saw some interesting stuff.
5	Always love bringing folks here for the first time. Awesome selection of games. It seems they are going to outgrow this spot. Tonight had the most machines I've seen there.  I enjoy the older 50s and 60s games as well as the new. Clean fun date night - any night. Highly recommend.
5	For lovers of old school gaming machines, this place is totally amazing.  The selection is outstanding.  The machines are functional and in great shape.  The volunteer staff is friendly, and almost all of the games cost exactly 25 cents.  But my favorite part is they have tons of crazy off the wall games I've never seen before nor am likely to see again (in addition to pinball and arcade classics).  For example, bowling with a shuffle puck, bopping alligator noses that progressively move faster, and pretty much every baseball pinball (where you hit a single, double, triple, out, or home run) ever made.  If you love games and are in Vegas, this is well worth the 15 minute cab run from the Strip. But sober up first, there's no alcohol, and it's family friendly :)
5	Feel like taking a trip down memory lane? The Pinball Hall of Fame is definitely a pit stop you need to make then. As a kid of the 90's I grew up coming to Las Vegas for vacation and getting dumped off in the arcade for hours. I loved it. So when I walked into the Pinball Hall of Fame it was like a flashback to 1993 at the Excalibur or Flamingo. Just like I did way back, I put a $10 bill in the change machine and went to town.Surprisingly, pretty much every machine is fully functional and runs perfectly. There's even a little info card on each of the pinball machines that gives you a little history about the machine. All of the games are anywhere from $.25 - $.75, so still reasonable all these years later. There's a little mechanic station towards the back of the arcade where you can see them working on machines. This is a great place to stop at and kill an hour every once in a while. If you're visiting Vegas and just looking to get away from the casino for a few and interested in taking a trip down memory lane I'd highly reccomend the Pinball Hall of Fame.
4	This place is great! Most machines are fully functional and about 50-75 cents each game. They have a change machine on site for quarters. Most machines also have a card to describe the history and year of the game.
5	You're in Vegas so yeah, you are going to spend (ie. lose) money.  So why not go old school and spend some quarters but have fun doing it!  It's kind of a dumpy joint but who cares!  No cost to get in and it's jammed packed in there with pinball machines. There's also a few claw machines and video games too.The machines date from the 50's on up and cost you from one quarter up to two dollars to have as much fun as your skill will allow you.  It was fantastic seeing machines with the old fashioned clink clink clink counters along with modern machines with all of the goodness Bally could shove into a machine.  Each machine also has a sign on it giving all of the details about it which was very interesting.  I came in humming Elton John's pinball wizard and after putting a fiver into the change machine to get my quarters I went nuts!  Oh yeah, I was putting body language into those flippers :)  Depending on how good you are at the games you can get away with having fun for a long time for far less than what you'd put in a slot machine.  Get off the strip and take your money here to have some good old fashioned fun.
5	This place is just fun; simply put. Whether you're here to kill some time playing a few games, want to take a trip down memory lane or see what entertainment was like when Polio was still very much a thing....this is your place. And with free admission, there really is no reason to at least come take a peek out of curiosity and stay for a good time that while remind you of when $10 could last you a while. Games: This place has an amazing selection of gaming. Their array of pinball machines are generally organized by decade/generation, so it's easy to zig-zag up and down the aisles in a veritable timelines of pinball gaming. They also have an awesome selection of non-pinball old-school gaming from the original Donkey Kong/Super Mario Bros to borderline creepy curiosities of yesteryear like their puppet show game thingy lol. There are also a couple of sights not particularly related to gaming but general entertainment....such as their old Mutoscope (flip-book machine) that depicts an old boxing match from the 20s I think. And, given the age of these games and how physical people can be (tilting used to be penalty kids), they do have the out of order game here and there but they usually don't stay that way for long. And, if you're like me, you might get a kick out of seeing a pinball machine opened up anyways.Food/drink: One thing I enjoy about this place: they always have food and drink that give it the old arcade feel. This goes from the 25 cent popcorn machine to soda machine to 25 cent candy dispensers for when you need a Mike and Ike break in between throwing down on Galaga. Cost: Admission is free. And all of the games are reasonably priced based on era (older games are a quarter....newer games varying from 50 cents to a dollar perhaps).
