5	Dude! This place is now open! No more taking the bus down to Camelback just to get a pizza cookie. I could eat their thin crust all day. Now that it's close, I'll probably do that tomorrow.
5	i didn't think it was possible for Oregano's to exceed my expectations.  You can see a previous review of their North Scottsdale location to know that the bar has been set pretty high (on an already high expectation-level from many years' experience...)   i was somewhat hesitant to go on the debut week of the Glendale (Peoria?  i think it depends on what side of the street you're on...) location, but i've been watching the progress and couldn't stand it anymore, so today was the day. note:  there hasn't been a single time i've driven by since they opened on Tuesday that they haven't been packed.  i had to check the time yesterday (NOT lunchtime during the week when most normal folk would be working...) when they were full to the gills.  when we arrived, we were quoted an hour and 45 minute wait.  Since i'm accustomed to a 45 minute wait there anyway, this seemed perfectly reasonable.  and we were prepared.  the waiting area is extremely comfortable:  well shaded by the building and stocked with heaters above the seating area for when it gets a bit chilly.  beverages were offered to those of us waiting and pizza samples were a-plenty.  managers were graciously accommodating tables of 10+ and 20+ amidst the rest of us.  no.one.looked.stressed.  not even remotely.  everyone was smiling, polite, and attentive.  let me emphasize that last word:  despite the fact that the restaurant was crawling with customers, the staff was still friendly and ATTENTIVE (without even blinking, i might add).The food was delicious as always.  Quality did not suffer even a little bit from the other experiences i've had (although i was expecting a small slump due to logistical issues of a new restaurant and not quite having a "flow' yet).  This is a location that is sure to be a huge success in years and years to come.  So glad we have one that is closer than a 30-minute drive!!! :D
5	Opened tuesday , I went with my family last night. It was packed but worth it. As opposed to driving to scottsdale like we normally would , this is very convenient. We ordered the bbq chicken pan 12 inch. Our drinks never went below half full , attentive service! Friendly. I will be coming back.
3	I love Oregano's! The only thing that saved this review was that the waitress was really nice and sweet and very attentive. The hostesses however, NEED SOME MAJOR WORK. We were told that it would be a 30 minute wait for a party of 4 which isn't bad for a Friday night but we ended up waiting for over an hour!!!! We went up and complained 3 times just to keep getting told "oh you're next". Meanwhile people who got there 5 minutes ago got a table for 2 that sits 4 people! WTF??? Totally annoying but like I said the actual waitress was on point and did a great job!
1	No matter how good the food the way the staff is run is stupid.  We arrived at 4:40 with a party of eight and told we would have to wait 1 hour.  when we got here there was a table sitting empty for 8.  although we asked numerous times if we could sit at the table we were told they had to call all the people in front of us first.  so.......for 1 hour we stood and watched the table for 8 sit empty and then they sat us at that table.  it sounds ludicrous but they would not seat us until they went through all the 2's and 4's in front of us.  i have been to a number of Oregeno's and this appears to be their management style.  we will not go back.
4	This one just opened a few days ago and age for the first time today. Did a call in order for pickup and it was an hour and a half wait for our pickup time! Hot good was hot and salad cold, ready at pickup time. Crowded but very good.
1	went at about 3:30 wed trying to beat the crowd..only waited about 10 minutes,im glad we didn't wait longer because it definitely wasn't worth waiting for..my wife ordered shrimp scampi and had to send it back..the shrimp were tough as rubber..i had a 12" pizza that was no big deal,it was nothing special at all..the place is very loud..if only the food was as good as the service!!we wont be back...
1	Awful awful service. I was visiting from Chicago and was excited to try Chicago pizza at this new, highly talked about restaurant. We didn't even get to experience the food because after waiting two hours (don't expect to get in in less than 1.5 hours any day of the week), and after another hour of waiting at the table our waiter told us they delivered our pizza to the wrong table (does this happen?). After waiting ANOTHER 45 minutes, it was almost 10pm and we were told that our pizza was poorly made and couldn't be served (um, what? isn't that your only job Oreganos?!). We spent a total of 3.5 hours at this restaurant without eating anything, especially not the "renowned" pizza, and left with a $50 gift card and will go unused because we're never going back. Thanks for ruining my last night in town, Oreganos, and leaving us totally perplexed as to what exactly happened. Save yourself an evening of frustration and eat somewhere, anywhere, else.
3	Tried to call in a to-go order around five, was told I couldn't do a to-go order till at least eight thirty. A little disappointing for how much I love this place, and how excited I was for it to be so close to my house. If I can't order a pizza for pickup when I'm wanting dinner, what's the point in doing take-out?
4	First time at the new location on Bell Road, however we have been to other Oregano's.  This location is TINY, like maybe 25 total tables inside. We came on a Thursday night around 7:30 and were told it was an hour wait. The hostess brought around pizza and breadsticks to those waiting to sample and offered to bring us drinks. Eventually we made it to a crowded booth whose benches were both dirty and wet. We ordered wings, a giant pizza, drinks and dessert. The problems: wings were the right style but the wrong size and the pizza was a completely wrong pizza which we didn't realize until everyone had a piece on the plate and the waitress had disappeared. We were too hungry at this point to wait another 30 minutes for the right pizza. Eventually we told the waitress about the problem and she offered to buy us a cookie. It's only been a couple of weeks since they opened so I am sure they will work it out. What would have made the experience better:A floor manager to visit each table - this really would help in these first couple of months.When there is a major order error like ours - send over the manager - We all felt guilty about taking a cookie from our 17 year old waitress... kinda felt like stealing her lunch money (we tipped well). Definitely go and try the food, it really is delicious, just don't expect a flawless experience for another few months.
1	Former fan of this chainWe gave them a couple of weeks to get the kinks worked out before giving them a test driveAlways seemed to be people waiting when we drove past so we expected a good experienceThey had a lot of staff walking around yet our service was very slow from getting our drinks to receiving our order. Process is consistently badWhen we got the pizza it was not worth the wait nor the $40 it costI normally ignore reviews that focus on the service figuring the people just had a bad day.In this case I can find nothing positive to say about this locationWe dine out 4 or 5 times a week so have a basis for comparisonGo to Uncle Sams for a really good pizza and no drama
4	I've got to give Oregano's credit, the food was significantly better than I was expecting.  I've long avoided this restaurant as given it's popularity, it is always slammed with customers.   I figured that while the food was probably good, it wasn't THAT good.   We did arrive early (around 4:00 PM) to get our name in the hat and ended up enjoying a two hour wait.  In fairness to Oregano's, we were a party of 13 and they couldn't seat us until at least half the group had arrived.  No one objected to that and in this instance, I didn't mind the wait.   The outside staff was courteous and it was nice to get full drink service while we were out there.   Their beers on tap aren't outstanding, though they do have some microbrew stuff as well as the typical range of garbage beers and slightly less garbage beers so at least the liquor was drinkable.  I couldn't get a Bloody Mary though because they were "out of Bloody Mary Mix" (note to self, never order a Bloody Mary at Oregano's).   The free pizza samples were quite nice as well.   From the time we finally did get seated, to getting our food, to paying our bill, was two and half hours so in all our large group ended up spending around 4 1/2 hours at the restaurant with long waits to be seated and a long wait between ordering our food and getting our food.  Was it worth it? Ahh, the million dollar question.   As I said in the beginning of the review, I was overall pretty surprised by the quality of the food.  It was quite delicious.  I ordered an alfredo dish with shredded chicken and it was very good.  The sauce had a strong flavor without being overwhelming and Oregano's use of southwest peppers wins a gold star from me.   They get a little carried away with the herbs (to much Oregano? yes!) which gives some of the food a gritty aftertaste but overall it was excellent.   I also decided to order a full-size pizza to take home with me.  After waiting four hours, I figured it wasn't going to be anytime soon that I would venture these crowds again.  The pizza, a southwestern creation with carne asade and more poblanos was also quite good.  I love thin crust pizza so for me they have a real winner here with their basic design.   Again the use of herbs was somewhat overpowering but the taste of the pizza was fairly rock solid.   The larger pizzas are only $1-$2 more expensive than the small pizzas (though the pizzas themselves are fairly expensive overall) so after going with an 18'' I ended up with enough food to get me through the next several days.  I was quite happy about that.Overall the experience was very positive but it was mainly made so by having a great group of friends to hang with.  Going in we knew the wait was going to be long (especially because of the size of our party) so we took it in stride and tried to enjoy the atmosphere.   The food was definitely good and the service was decent but the food was not good enough that I would be willing to brave the wait times on a regular basis.  I'm fairly sure Oregano's will go on the list of (very) infrequent special occasions.      I strongly recommend you avoid the restaraunt if you are looking for something small or intimate.   Part of the issue with this location is that they built in an old fast food joint (long-time residents of the area will recognize it as the building that used to house a Fazolli's) and the building simply isn't large enough for the crowds the food draws.  That's a shame because the restaurant easily draws enough business to support a larger building and larger staff.   Oregano's, I love you but either open more West Side locations or relocate to a larger building, until then you won't be seeing me regularly.Though, with the business they draw, they won't be missing my money either.   Ahh well, at least the food is delicious.
1	This Oregano,s is a giant rip-off. The prices are higher and the portions are smaller than the other Oregano's in Phoenix, Tempe and even Flagstaff. Make the drive to Phoenix so you won't get screwed.
5	I can see why this place is so busy. I went here with my boyfriend, his cousin, and his cousin's girlfriend. The wait wasn't terribly long, and while we waited we were served drinks--clever idea. The restaurant itself is small, probably better suited for a fast food joint; this is is probably why it's appears so full. There is an outdoor patio, but it doesn't add a whole lot to the limited space.Anywho, I'm not the biggest fan of pizza/pasta joints; but for my first Arizona pizza, this place was top notch. We ordered the antipasto (my tablet autocorrected that to angioplasty, lmao) and 18 inch half numero one-o and pepperoni pizza. I can't stand pepperoni pizza, but this was the best one I ever tried. It had the perfect crust, cheese, and right amount of sauce without the pepperoni overwhelming everything. My boyfriend is picky about his salad, but he gobbled up quite a bit of the antipasto. The baked cookie dessert was yummy and a great size for four stuffed people just to cleanse the palate a little.  With plenty of leftovers, our bill came out to under $50 (not including drinks from the wait). Good deal.
5	Finally!  We have an Oreganos here on the west side!  I have been waiting patiently for many months for this place to open.  I've been to several different Oreganos here in the state and have to say they are my favorite local chain and my favorite pizza in the Phx area.  Their pasta and lasagnas dishes are also amazing.We came here on a Sunday evening and were very lucky to not have a wait.  I was craving their deep dish pizza which takes almost an hour to make, but I knew that going into it.  Pizza came out perfect and we had great service.I hear that this Glendale location gets crazy busy.  It does appear a tad bit small inside but Oreganos are traditionally smaller restaurants.  I doubt I would attempt to come here on a weekend so I'll stick to weekdays or Sunday nights to come.  On a side note, we made a take out thin crust pizza order on Halloween and it was equally great and took about 1 hour.  They were swamped with take out pizza orders.  So if you want to make a take out order be sure to do it early.  They quoted me 4 hours for a deep dish!!  I'm sure it was because of Halloween but I will make sure to order it super early if I plan on a take out deep dish again.
5	Laughing at all the people upset about the wait... What did you expect?? You'll have an hour wait for anywhere on bell road let alone a brand new oreganos!! Idiots. But I digress. Standard oreganos. Close to restaurant perfection. Pizza is great, wings are great, service is great, cookie is amazing. Don't want to wait? Go somewhere else. Problem solved.
2	5 stars for the food! 1 star for the service. We came here on a Tuesday night for a birthday party. We waited an hour and a half to be seated (a bit long but acceptable considering there were 10 of us) only to end up at three different booths that weren't even in the same section. This place has good food but it's not worth the hassle and wait you have to go through. We will order take out but we wont dine in anymore...
5	Angela is awesome! What great, friendly service...love this place!
1	This Oreganos is too small, it's the size of a Carl's Jr. really.. On a Tuesday we had a 2hr wait. Ridiculous. Corporate dropped the ball here this is half the size of the other locations Chandler/Scottsdale.  This would make a good "carry-out only" location because that's about how much seating they have. Let's hope the Goodyear store is designed better.
4	loved the serving staff. Our hostess seated us early and our waiter was very friendly and prompt. The Kick-butt cheese bread was kick-butt. But beware, they don't skimp on the garlic. Our entrees are very good as well.
2	I have to say I love this place. Just not this location.  The other locations are set up for you to wait and drink and maybe even have an app to pass the time.  NOT this one.  There is no outside service of any kind, no water, wine, apps, or hostess looking for you if your not in their eye line.  So if you waited an hour and some of your party is over at home depot or something  passing the time they will not seat you. AND if you are not on the very small patio or 4 seat bar they will not look for you.  No restaurant pager or anything.  Pretty weird for a place that has a regular hour or two wait.  I will drive to another location in the future, this one is just not set up correctly for the amount of people in the arrowhead area that go out to eat. Good thing I'm committed to my beloved 1554 beer !!!
4	The food was good- I will definitely give them that. The service was nothing spectacular, but there was nothing wrong with it, either. The downside is that it is probably not the right location for them-- not in terms of geography, but this is WAY too small for such a popular restaurant. I am fine with waiting; I grew up in a family of 6 in a busy area, and we were always waiting an hour for tables. However, why buy such a small place for such a successful chain? Especially when it is the first in the west valley, but so well established in the valley as a whole? The waits are long, there was not the service prior to seating you can get at other locations (at least the 2 times I have been since opening). Will I still go? You bet! It's yummy, and it's worth it, but it's not going to nab 5 stars.Now, if this was just a place to rate that giant cookie... that thing is 5 stars :-)
2	To start with, this is my first time at this location and possibly my last. I live on this side of town and every time I pass this place it's usually busy, however, tonight me and my girlfriend thought we would give it a try. Upon arriving we were told it would be a 30 minute wait for two which didn't seem that bad. Instead we ended up waiting almost 50 minutes just to be seated due to the hostess totally forgetting about us. Now I could understand this happening if we were outside but we actually sat right in front of her inside. How she could look at us and not wonder why we haven't been seated while she's seating other customers who clearly showed up after us is mind boggling. After mentioning something we were seated immediately but without apology which is unfortunate because she knows she messed up and so do we.After sitting down, we were approached by our waitress and she took our orders. Now I'm a vegetarian and my girlfriend is a vegan and our waitress assured us that our orders would be meat free as well as dairy and egg free for my girlfriend. Turns out that their base marinara sauce is mixed with cheese and that the chef could make another based off of a tomato puree mix they have which we begrudgingly agreed to. Anyways, we get the food, my plates spicy but is ok. The pasta for my girlfriend though was bland and plain, due to the chef just blending the puree, no spices or anything to spruce it up, that's just lazy.First impression of this place sucked so far, probably won't go back which means I'll just stick with Olive Garden or Buca Di Beppo. Overall, needs more attentive hostesses, and waitress or chef who have better knowledge of what they're serving.
2	"It will be a 25-35 minute wait". AN HOUR AND A 20 MINUTES LATER. . we got called but were already at the bar. Good food but they need to buy bigger restaurants..
5	I've been meaning to write this review for a couple months now, and I am sorry it took me so long!  My husband and I went in on our anniversary and it was a bad experience.  We waited forever to be seated, and then it took a long time to get our food.. other people had come in and sat after us and got their food before us.. needless to say, it wasn't a special experience...I wrote an email.. and I got a reply back immediately.  They truly felt bad about my experienced and asked me to come back in.  We did, and the experience was nothing short of exceptional.  The food was amazing the first time, as well as the second time, but I'm telling you, they stepped up their game and the service was phenomenal.  I think there is a lot to be said about an organization that will rectify a problem versus ignore it.  These guys really know what they are doing when it comes to customer service.  Bravo!
3	My best girl friend I met up around 5:30 on a Monday night and waited 35 minutes for a table.  The wait area is small and shaped like a horse-shoe which makes a long wait awkward.Once we were seated we got a nice big booth, gotta love the friendly hellos from the employees.  Mary was our server which she was very sweet and fun.  We started with the white sangria (me) and my friend got the dirty monkey. Both were served in a pint glass which is a big drink for just over $6.  We enjoyed the drinks very much.  We also had the toasted ravioli as an appetizer which was nice and crisp and hot.  For our mains she got the pesto veggie sandwich and I got the o-livo pizza which is basically Mediterranean flavors.  Her sandwich was huge and difficult to manage though a great value.  My pizza was thin crust and honestly a little bland.  Would have enjoyed more kalamata olives maybe? The crust was supposedly a little thicker than the typical but I found it to be blah and definitely not homemade.  Of course the best part is the pizza cookie!! We got half chocolate chip and half peanut butter which was amazing. This was my friends first time trying pizookie and of course she loved it.Pros: drinks, dessertCons: long wait, average pizza
2	Arrived and was told it was a hour wait. Fine. After 1 hour and 45 I started inquiring more on how much longer it would take. Was told "cleaning table now". Another 30 min passed and I was finally seated. OVER two hour wait after told an hour. :(Pizza was WEAK! Super dry and very little cheese. Salads were good though. Not up to oregano  standards. Won't be back to this location.
1	I hate dealing with this location, they're slow as hell and rude. Every time I place a call for a pickup there's always a 3+ hour wait for pickup and when you go into the actual location for a sit down dinner you'll spend 3 hours waiting to be seated and for your food to arrive. Also note the staff isn't as knowledgeable about the menu as some of the other locations so you may find yourself telling them about things on the menu.I questioned them about this long wait and was told it's because they're the only location on the west side....we'll the 10th St & Camelback location has been catering to the ENTIRE Central Phoenix area for years with no issues and the manager just looked at me.Save yourself the trouble and call the 10th street & Camelback location.
5	Great pizza. Yes, it's busy, but it is a new location and there's a shortage of great pizza places near by. So glad they moved in.
1	I would give this location negative stars if I could due to its poor service and even worse management!!!!! Best part is, when you email the Oreganos customer service you receive no response. Called in a pizza at 4:30PM and was told it would not be ready until 7:30PM.. This is ridiculous but it worked on that day since I'm not 100 years old and do not eat at 4:30PM. That being said I arrive to pick up my pizza and they never took my order!!!! WTF! Then I have some 17 year old staff member ask me if I called the right location?! Really? My response was, "well is this 67th ave and Bell Rd?, Then I guess I called the right Fu#king place". The manager came over and stated that they had good news and bad news, I told him I already knew the bad news and that I didn't want to hear anymore. He stated that they were making my STUFFED CRUST PIZZA right now, and that it would only take 15 minutes to get it ready! So I thought to myself either they stole someone else's pizza or my pizza will not be cooked all the way. Sure enough received my pizza and it was way under cooked, to the point where the dough was still raw!!!!!!!!!! That's right I said it, RAW!I emailed Oreganos corporate and received now response which is pretty professional in my opinion. I think it was the fact that I told them their organization at this location is crap and that after months of being open the Management staff should have these issues resolved. Well guess what, these issues remain. They are slow, rude, very un-organized, and the management team look to be as if they have absolutely no idea what they are doing. Its sad really, I am sure Mark Russell did not build his empire on idiots however after dealing with this location on several occasions I question that. So the moral of the story is, if you want to open a company and be extremely successful do the first couple of locations flawlessly, then lower your standards to have sub-par employees at the rest of the locations. As an owner this will put more money in your pocket even at the expense of your customers. The sad thing is most people will deal with these issues because the food is so good (most of the time).Niko
1	I was very excited when I found out that Oregano's is opening up in the west side, which I have been asking for almost 10 years. I expected to have a long wait just like any other Oregano's I've been to. That said,My first visit to this location was couple weeks after they opened. I ordered Beefstro salad and Bollo Pasta. They had no knowledge of menu at all... When I asked the hostess how long it was gonna take, she said it'll be 45 minutes. I replied with "for a salad and pasta?" right then, the manager was walking by and overheard my question and said, "no, not for a salad and Bollo Pasta, it'll only be 10-15 minutes". That sounded better, so I walked over to the bar, which only has 4 tightly close seats, saw that they were all taken, of course, just ordered my drink and stood in the walk-way. There were no other place to wait for food and outside waiting area was WAY over crowded. After 45 minutes..... (hostess was right) I finally got my food and took it to my work (good thing I had plenty of time before my shift) opened my food and I couldn't find any beef on my Beefstro salad. Just a big box of greens! So I called... and surprisingly the hostess knew that I was missing my beef and asked me to come back and get them (She said she had it right there and forgot to put it in my bag). I was already at work so I wasn't able to. If they had not taken so long to get my food in the first place, I probably had came, but no. So she puts me on hold and gets the manager. He tells me to come get the meat. Again, I said I can't. So then he said he will give me a salad for free next time I come in. So I said sure. I couldn't stop by to get the salad, so I called up again and he just mailed me a $15 gift card (one week later). Second visit (to use my gift card).It was around 1 pm on Saturday. There were 2 hour wait for a table. I walked around and saw that the couple on the bar was about to leave. Stood behind them so I could grab their seat as they leave. (woo-hoo no wait!!)  The bartender was so busy/inexperienced/stressed/overwhelmed that it took him 10 minutes to greet us.10 minutes for our beer. Another 10 minutes to take our order. Not to mention other people trying to order drinks while they wait leaning over our shoulders and standing next to us the entire time... I like sitting at bar for easy of ordering. Not this time. Watching him made me uneasy for how stressed he was. I got my salad, Pizza Cookie (they changed the name?) and left. UnpleasantlyThird visit.... did not happen because I called to make a take out order and was told that it will take an hour for a Beefstro Salad. Just like some of the other reviews I saw, food is good, but 1 hour wait for a salad is bit absurd. Very disappointed!!!
5	Just wanted to thank the wonderful manager Al and the very accommodating staff for a dinner to remember.   I've lived here in Phoenix for about six years now and love the food at oreganos.  My mother passed away last year and I have two aunts that came to visit to celebrate her life on the 1 year anniversary of her passing, with my sister and I .   She loved pizza and we thought we would go to someplace nice to eat with great food.   It was very busy that eve. We pre ordered our deep dish pizza, we were seated within the wait time,  and got our pizza quickly after sitting down.  To my disappointment it was not the bubbly hot pizza I enjoyed at previous visits. It was just kind of warm.  I let the waiter know and the manager Al came to our table and asked if we would like a new pizza  on the house.  Another pizza wow! We mentioned the reason we were there that evening and I guess it touched his soul.  He added a fantastic cookie dessert with ice cream  for our celebration of my mothers life  and picked up the whole tab on the house.  I have never been treated so special on such a memorable day Al you made this visit from family a beautiful and wonderful memory just like my beautiful and wonderful mother .  Thank you for your thoughtfulness and compassion on such a difficult day . Wendy O
4	After reading some of the reviews I had decided not to go but a local said I had to try it. Good thing I listened to the local. The food was rockin and plentiful. I ordered a 6'' deep dish and side salad for lunch. I could only finish half of both. The pizza was, let me see- Awesome!  The service was on point so I am guessing the other reviewers just caught them on an off day....give em another try the food is worth it. The only wierd thing was the booths were unusually small so grab a table if at all possible.
5	It's not often that you go to a place and everything you are served is A+ Amazing!!! It was our first time there and although the wait time could put black Friday lines to shame....the food made up for it. The Boom Dip, BBQ wings, BBQ Chicken pizza, a Dirty Monkey and one Bellini later:  HAPPY FAMILY.  Definitely a great place to eat and drink!
2	Let me start off by saying it takes a lot for me to complain, but to me the little things that happen in a restaurant make the experience even better than just great tasting food. When I had first heard an oreganos opened up on the west I was super excited!!! After reading others reviews though I'll admit that I was hesitant about trying this location out but... I went for it anyways with my boyfriend and a couple of friends. Our friends had made it there first and called and informed us it would be an hour wait! But non of them had ever been there and I assured them it was completely worth the wait! Once we say down we waited a good 10-15 minutes to be greeted by a server ( working in the restaurant business, I found this very weird), while waiting for our server I noticed about 4 different staff meme era just standing and talking doing absolutely nothing! I'm more than positive they could have found something to do with how busy the restaurant was.    Once I waitress greeted us she was very nice and I thought okay she's gonna turn this experience around real quick, but she took our drink order and disappeared for 10 minutes! Once she she brought us our drinks she asked if we were ready to order, we said no and she looked kind of irritated I have a habit of reading peoples facial expressions so noticing this bothered me very much.     We eventually ordered and when we did she informed us that all the food would take about 1 hour and if we didn't mind, I. My mind I was thinking we waited an hour just to be seated then another 25 minutes to order, why wouldn't we wait. We had ordered a big Cesar salad and wings so she asked if we wanted that to come out first and we said yeah that would be amazing! But just for wings and a salad it took almost 30 mintues!!!     I could believe how long it took for all our food, I had never waited this long at the Phoenix location. Another thing that bothered me was a hostess asked a table next to us if they needed a high chair, they said yes. I watched this hostess grab a high chair proceed to drag, yes drag it loudly across the floor interrupting multiple tables conversations, three different tables including ours were starring yet she continued not to care and just drag the high chair across the floor!    I would just have to say I was not impressed at all with anything at this location! The food was ehh, the staff was rude and looked like they didn't know what to do half the time, and just the time it took to prepare some wings, a salad, 11' pizza and pasta was ridiculous! This location has been open for months, and problems like this should be resolved! Sadly I will never go back to this location if rather drive the 1 hour out to Phoenix.
2	Food is good but average in my opinion. Too many menu items. It's hard to do a great on a lot of menu choices. Limited bar options. I could not get a Manhattan, no vermouth!
5	Just an update. I've been here 2 more times and had excellent service and an excellent pizza each time. Last weekend we came around 8:30 on a Friday night and the wait for a party of 7 was about 35 mins. Not bad at all. Food good as usual. Def my favorite restaurant close to my house. I'll be back many more times!
5	Being from Chicago, I love trying local Pizza companies that serve Chicago Style Pizza. Oregano's recently opened another restaurant on Bell Road in Glendale and I could not be happier. I went in for the first time a couple days ago, and the staff was extremely nice. I ordered a Pan Pizza to go and it was fantastic. My dad heated up the leftovers the next day and said it was the "best next day heated up pizza" he ever ate. Love it!!!
4	Food is amazing, especially the thin crust pizza and pizookie! Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is the wait is super long unless you go before or after dinner rush. Try the Carryout if the wait is too long :)
2	This was our 2nd visit to this location, the first after they just opened. We came in around 1:30 on a Sunday afternoon, not too busy as we were sat in less than 10 min. My wife and I decided to get the stuffed deep dish pizza, we always enjoy their thin crust so we thought this should be good. As we were ordering the waitress told us the deep dish can take up to 45 mins to bake, since we weren't sure we wanted to wait that long, we told her to make it a thin crust. She then told us it would be 30 mins for a thin crust!? So we decided for an extra 15 mins we would stay with the deep dish.Over an hour later the pizza was finally delivered to our table and we were both starving. After a couple of bites, we both looked at each other and remarked how hard and thick the crust was! I was nearly impossible to cut it with a knife! Not only hard but absolutely no flavor to it. We ended up just eating the filling out of our slice which was good. We both did not want any more! When our waitress came back, she said that the manager wanted to buy us dessert for our wait but we literally lost our appetite from the pizza. We may go back again but never will order that pizza again, yuck!
4	Great food,  very friendly staff,  long wait, but worth it if you can deal with it.
4	The food and service were amazing. The wait for a table was crazy long and the only complaint I had is that we called ahead of time when we were on our way to get on the list and the girl that answered refused to put us on the list over the phone. Otherwise great experience.
1	I called at 6:15 to place an order for pick up. I ordered a med thin crust, a 12 inch pan and cheesy bread and they told me it would be ready in an hour.  WTF? it's pizza. I go there and it was of course not ready it took 1hr and 15min to get it. The price was 48 dollars and some change. Holy crap! The pan pizza just looked like a pile of crap. It was a sloppy mess. I was very dissapointed with this location as all the other I have been to have been great. I really don't get the people who will wait for hours to eat here it's not that great.
2	The food is what you can expect from any Oreganos but the customer service here is not up to par. It's kinda sad because I went to college in Flagstaff and have set the standard of every location to meet the FLG one.
5	Finally made it here twice now at this new location on 67th ave and Bell road in the NW valley.  I have heard that they are going main stream and there food was not as good but I have to tell you that most people are full of sh*t.  I have ordered the big beef sandwich, alfredo the dark for lunch now and the food maybe even better.  I also got the pazookie which they can cook more quickly now since it is thinner but just as phenomenal to eat and quite frankly people do not need to eat more than what they offer....this country is getting to fat anyway.  This location is small and casual just like the others so you can expect long wait times at dinner and peak lunch times.  It is well worth it if you have the time.  I will have to order in the pizza soon since I have not had that in a while.
4	I'm so glad they have a Oregano's in Glendale! Way closer to where we stay for Spring Training which is awesome.Yes, the wait is ridiculous but is so worth it. They have great pizza, pasta and awesome antipasto salad. We ordered their version of a "pazookie" which is a cookie and ice cream on top. I have to admit it wasn't as good as BJ's version but it still hit the spot! It was a little too gooey and kind of tasted like it wasn't cooked all the way but still pretty good.Parking is a little better at this location than the others. Prices are pretty decent for the amount of food you get. There's so much!! One thing I love is they pass out samples of different type of appetizers to try while we are waiting which is pretty cool!So wish they had Oregano's in Cali!! Can't wait to come back though!
5	I went to the new location last Wednesday and I have to say I was very pleased. The staff was very friendly right from the time we walked in the door and even when we left at least 3 people that was not my server said bye and thank you. I got the boom dip appetizer and I have never had a better spinach dip. Might not be healthy but worth it. It was recommended by our waitress Sonia. She was so sweet and helpful. We barley told her our likes and disliked and she knew exactly what to order for us. My husband and I got the Alfredo and shared a pizza that had BBQ chicken! I got extra sayce for the pasta but the pizza was perfect. Thin crust and crispy. The portions were great we had plenty to take home. Sonia even boxed and bagged our food when we were done. No room for dessert but we'll get it next time. All in all great experience. Food was great and service was amazing. I'll make sure to ask for her next time to get more amazing suggestions!
5	I've visited the Oreganos on 67th & Bell a hand full of times for lunch and dinner and I must say that you can't beat the value of the midway rush special from 11-3 M-F. I enjoy the chicken caesar and the many flavorful toppings on their famous pizza! The staff is friendly and the best server in my opinion is Kelly. She truly knows how to make Oreganos an amazing experience!
5	I had another excellent experience at this location and decided I would post the details. On the recommendation of my hostess I asked her to help me chose between the chicken Parm sandwich or meatball -  ( Amber I think)  was mindful as she said she liked them both a lot but thought that the chicken was lighter and because it was a dinner item It would be lighter. She was absolutely correct as this sandwich was a home run, full of flavor and oh so moist! I also had an opportunity to meet and thank Ryan the manager, who has to be grateful for such an energized , polite team! Thanks Ryan your team rocked it!
5	We arrived at 1019 am , first timer , not knowing they open at 1100am. So we went to Home Depot, grabbed the honey due list, then back to the world of Italian!  It if was not for Renee' giving us that extra bit of hospitality BEFORE they had opened (offered menu's ,to go water etc.) we may not have returned.We must tell you that the same five star service was extended by Cole, and Renee, and Cole, and Renee and Cole.  They did this to all the customers, I would call the a "Power Wow"!!!!!.  The food was excellent and very filling, the service was spot on to the point we did not want to leave! But when we did we saw the large line to get in!! I would highly recommended Oregano's of Glendale above all others!Cheers!
2	I love oreganos. And i love their wings more than anything else. They are always crispy, meaty, and only drumettes. However today waa my first time in this location and was i dissapointed. The wings were more boiled texture than ceispy and just wanst good, tasting the skin soft was kind of gross. Pizza was ok but different too. I will be back and hopefully the wings was a one time thing.
3	Ok let's just start by saying we love Oreganos. And we were so happy that one opened up on the "west side". First off there are a whopping 4 seats at the bar.  What??!!  Then the hostess tried her hardest to turn away our business stating that the wait was 90 minutes and that the " bar is full" so do you still want to put your name in?  We proceeded into the bar for a drink and the bartender was less that happy to serve us also!!  There were several tables wide open so we were confused about the 90 minute wait?  Then a waitress came to get us within 20 minutes not 90!  I will say that once we were seated our waitress was good and so our evening was salvaged.  However, we will probably drive to Paradise Mall location for a better experience.
5	This place is awesome!! Especially our waitress Alex she is great. She takes our orders right away, we never have to wait for drinks, and she's always so friendly and welcoming!
4	Very cool place, it was my first time going. We shared a Caesar salad which could feed three people as well as the calamari and we split a traditional lasagna. The salad was so good and the croutons were very flavorful. The calamari was very big I just think the marinara sauce was a tad bit bland and could have used some spice. The lasagna was very good I loved the spice the only thing that kind of made me gag a bit was the layer of meat or sausage they used. I've never had lasagna that did a layer of meat Instead of ground beef or sausage and not used as a patty almost. Staff was friendly, very loud with a lot of family's with loud kids but the food overall was yummy. I would come again and try something new.
3	This place is pretty great. The food is delicious. I only gave it 3 stars due to the size of the place...it's tiny! That also means it is very loud. The bar is small as well, only offering 4 bar stools. I decided to have lunch at the bar and had to deal with the constant traffic of people squeezing through the bar stools to order drinks, before getting to their dining table.Other than that, The Diablo Shrimp plate is divine... the spiciest thing on the menu (not spicy enough for me, however). Kinder, the bartender was attentive and friendly, even with the constant flow of people wanting drinks.A good place to stop, if only for a delicious plate of pasta.
4	Great pizza - if you order the house salad be aware it's very large, but only lettuce & croutons.
2	Food is pretty good, but unless you're prepared to wait minimum 45 minutes (even if it's just you), don't come here. I've tried all different days and times and still there's always an obnoxious wait.
1	I'm reviewing this place now but I ate there quite a while ago when they opened. I don't remember everything specifically in detail but I'll give it my best. We waited to get in. Then they let us know that the pizza would be a while to cook (So get it right the first time. right?). It was me and some family. We all finally agreed on a pizza and ordered some appetizers and I think a pasta to split up. The pizza we got after our long wait was a deep dish with cheese and pepperoncini. A plethora of pepperoncini. Not what we ordered. From what I remember the waitress messed up a couple of other things and forgot the pasta. Horrible. We didn't see her for a while after the pizza came so I flagged down another waitress when we realized it had the wrong toppings. I asked the other much more assertive seeming waitress to grab a manager for me. She was very friendly and got her over there right away. I don't remember much but I do remember explaining the situation to her and her exact words were "Well, what do you want me to do about it?" I was so shocked to have a manager ask me how I plan to solve the issue that I couldn't even answer. After I stuttered for a second she said, "I could make you another pizza or I don't know." Keep in mind, me and my fam waited to get in the restaurant and then ordered and waited another 45-60 minutes to get the pizza. I was not satisfied with her managerial skills. As it was approaching closing time, we are still waiting for our pizza and I was getting weird looks from the servers and the manager. A police officer comes in not to eat, he is just talking to the manager and standing there with her. Shortly after he arrives the pizza comes to the table. By this time nobody wants any. Maybe we filled up with appetizers and the pasta that finally came. But here's the weird part. I cant help but wonder If the manager called the police because of me. It sure seemed liked it. The police officer left right after we did. Maybe you had to be there. Either way as a customer, I just didn't feel comfortable and I didn't enjoy my time there at the establishment. It's a shame too because my sister was raving about the other Oregano's locations. The pizza when we finally got it was much better than its pepperoncini filled counter part. I hope they got it together by now but what I experienced was unacceptable.
4	I love Oregano's! Love their food, service, ambiance and location. Would have given 5 stars if it wasn't for their infamous long wait time to be seated.Oregano's....if you're listening, please take reservations or call ahead seating!!There isn't anything on the menu that doesn't come out hot, fresh and delish! I'm hooked on their huge antipasto salad enough for 6 people. Fresh lettuce, lots of Italian meats, roasted peppers, onions, cheese, tomatoes and artichokes. Dressing is amazing! Pair it with garlic bread and it could be a meal.Pizza....OMG. Thin crust, stuffed, plain or dressed with your favorite toppings...they are all winners.Lasagna, to die for! Order of huge meatballs with marinara and cheese...can't be compared. Guacatoni....out if this world. Pasta....keep it coming. Wings, award winning! Garlic bread...will keep the vampires away!Need I say more :)Oh yes, I will say one more thing. If you leave with out ordering a chocolate chip pizza cookie for dessert, then you've missed out on the whole Oregano's experience. Order one with 4 spoons and everyone can get a piece of the pie...uhum, cookie!
2	First of all,  I've been coming to Oregano's since 1997.   I love this place and this was my first experience at the new location at 67th ave and Bell.  This location was overdue!  Too bad it's so small and the bar seating is only for four people.  Way Too small! Angela the bartender was very nice.  Now to my food.  I ordered the Numero One -0 without onions and green peppers WITH Hatch green chili and extra cheese.  I received a pizza with onion and very little green chili.  The chili was right out of a can with no taste.  Very disappointing.
4	Great thin crust pizza with fresh ingredients.  Place was really hopping and service was awesome.
3	Loud.
4	Visited last Saturday. I had heard the pizza was really good. Originally from the Chicagoland area, I am always looking for a great pizza to remind me of home. Well I wasn't disappointed. The deep dish was so good. Perfect crust, and right amount of goodies. I didn't mind the wait for the pizza as other reviewers, as I know a good Chicago deep dish takes time to cook.Only reason I didn't give the fifth star was for the wait to be seated, no call ahead or reservations. Can't wait to go back, just have to be prepared for the wait to be seated and sitting in the hot sun since there is no covering over the outside wait area.
5	We always have a blast at Oregano's! Alfredo the Dark is a fav and is great with added chicken. The chicken wings in the gold sauce are yummy. My hubby is a Chicago native and says the deep dish or stuffed pizza is the closest thing to real Chicago style pizza he's had in Az!If you want to have a good time in a really chill atmosphere this is a great place to be!
2	I really do not see what the big deal is with this place waitress is awesome but the food was just overly spiced and sauced frozen pasta I miss Joey's of Chicago which was there at one time will not be going back I like my Stouffer's alot better
1	Super slow hostess with empty tables. Probably not a good idea for lunch. Or parties more than 4.
5	BIGGEST AND BEST CHEESE GARLIC BREAD I HAVE EVER HAD!! Let me start with that ... We got 1) numero uno pizza thin crust = 100% delicious would recommend any day!2) 14 medium wings ( let me say that EVERY single wing was HUGE they dont skimp ) amazing , pretty much better then any bar wings 3) AND HERE IS THE WINNER .14 OF THE ITALIAN GOLD WINGS !!! (I do not like honey mustard in anything! So I was hesitant on trying them) OMG BEST WINGS EVER !!! SERVICE WAS FANTASTIC AND GREAT ENVIRONMENT .. (sorry for the caps but absolutely love this place )
5	Terrific service, efficient staff and always consistent food. Oreganos knows how to run a restuarant!!
5	I have never been disappointed in anything we've ordered from here. Their meatballs are the best in town! And you have to try a Bellini!!  Really fun atmosphere. And the staff always do a really good job. I highly recommend Oregano's if you haven't been before!
5	This is simply the best pizza I've ever eaten. And when they advertise thin crust, they mean paper thin. Crispy deliciousness.We had the, classic bistro and the pepperoni sausage. Both tasted great. We called ahead for pick-up, and the pizzas were ready at the time promised.Pizza here is sliced into squares.
5	Oh my gosh!!! This place is absolutely wonderful. The wait services is great. The food is to die for especially the Julius Cesear salad and white chocolate macadamia nut PAZOOKIE !!!! I am have been waiting for one to open up on this side of town and YOU DID IT!!! I love u
5	This. Is. My. Favorite. Italian. Eatery.  My mouth is watering, and waistline increasing as I write this.  TMI? I don't think so. There is not a single item on the menu that I won't eat. I sat outside in the hot weather gratefully for 30 minutes. I didn't mind. I knew once inside, I would be in my desert oasis. Thank you for not being in California. I don't think I could afford to buy more clothes. Just kidding. Please come to California! I don't care anymore, I will buy new fat pants everyday.   be with me forever. I'll never let you go.......
5	They have wonderful service and food is delicious. I would highly recommend you go here. Atmosphere is warm and cozy.
4	we were going to ashley's furniture a bit up the street to buy some furniture (obv lol) and passed by the oregano's on the way there.. well after we finished shopping it was dinner time and we thought, why not? it's a pretty tight space/crowded and sorta loud cuz everyone is so cramped together so it would've been nice if tables were a bit more spread out... there were tv's but they were on black and white programming lol which was new for me... the waitress was really nice but every time we needed her for something, she was nowhere to be found, bad timing all around. the food was pretty good IMO. i got the bollo pasta w/ meatballs (extra charge). i'm pretty picky abt meatballs taste/texture but was glad they tasted good and weren't deplorable like other meatballs i've had the misfortune of eating. the portion sizes were decent and i barely finished my meal, but felt too full to get the cookie dessert i really wanted so idk i guess i gotta wait til next time if i'm ever near one again. idk if that was the only dessert option? but if it is, i hope they expand and give more options one day in the future! desserts r the best part of eating at restaurants IMO lol..
5	Delicious thin crust pizza, salads & cookie/ice cream dessert!  So glad to have this location on the West side of town.  We'll have to try pasta next time.
4	It took me a few years to get to Oragano's because I'm not a big Italian food fan--normally I'd rather  make it myself.  But now I get what the local hype is all about. The atmosphere is fun --but  WAY TOO LOUD--don't go the and expect to be able to hear each other--go there to eat their fresh homey-style food.  Salads are crispy fresh and I love the variety .The pizza surprised me--we got the thin crust--and it was by far the thinnest crust I've had anywhere--but it was tasteless and the toppings spare probably because the crust is so thin.   We'll try a thicker crust next time. The  pastas are wonderful and that half-baked cookie with ice cream should be outlawed--post haste. I do not even what to know the calorie content. But I will get it again. We've fallen in love with with the place.
5	I'm giving it a 5 star because of the bartender, Jeska. Super nice, friendly, great humor, and great service! Ordered the Picasso salad (which came out fast! *thumbs up*) - tried ordering a small but it was freakin huge! Def enough for 3 people! I hate to waste food so def worth the $ (not that it's a lot) because of the size - it's more than enough to fill you up. However, I would still prefer a smaller size at least for a lunch time special - I would probably visit more often. Ordered a kiltlifter and it was ICY cold just the way a beer should be! First time to this location and have to say I prefer it over the Tempe location.... So, great job Jeska & kitchen staff for the great service! Kudos to you for making my experience top notch!
5	The food was really good and the service was amazing.  This was my first time at this location and I was impressed.   I definitely will be back and I do recommend.  Their Chicago stuffed pizza is great!
4	We love eating here at least twice a week! Besides the long wait time at night, this place rocks! I recommend the wings and always save room for their dessert! Yum! They have huge portions so we typically share a pizza and salad. Great family place!
5	Gorgeous 1950's Little Italy ambiance with food as good as the waiters are friendly. The garlic cheesey bread is to die for but pales in comparison to their thin crust pizza. Absolutely loved it.
3	I know by personal experience that the low rating for this place overall is most likely due to slow service.  We waited about 30 minutes for a table, which is par for the course on a Friday evening.  It was nice that they had a server outside serving drinks to all who were waiting on tables.  Once we were seated, the golden wings we ordered took well over 25 minutes to get to our table.  That is a really long wait for an appetizer, especially when we saw the people next to us order and receive their food before we received the wings.  Our entrees took at least 15 minutes after we had already finished the wings.  As always, the food was fantastic.  You can't go wrong with the Pablo Picasso Mexico Salad.  If the service time can be improved somehow, this is a 5 star place for sure.
3	The food here is always good. Servers are awesome. Food took over 20 mins. Hostesses always tell you 45 min wait to be seated and I have seen a lot of people turn and walk away. I have been here 5 times already and have been told 45 min wait time every time only to be seated within 20 Mins everytime. It's actually getting annoying now watching 4 girls at the hostess area chit chatting just throwing out 45 mins times..bugged. this is a management issue and no food complaints.
1	I dont get why people wait hours to eat here.The food is average at best.It is also kinda pricey.The restaurant is so small that you're packed in there like sardines. I literally felt claustrophobic eating there.There is always a wait of 1 to 2 hours even during the day.Food takes forever, like an hr wait after ordering.Also the restaurant seems to be badly managed.Ie, rude hostesses, one server with too many tables to handle, while other servers are standing around looking bored.the pizza is pretty bland too.
5	Worth the wait! Its probably not a good place for a first date, because you can expect to wait about 45 minutes to an hour to get a table, and another 30 to 45 minutes for your food (if you get their Chicago style crust) however, it is totally worth it if you enjoy the company of those you go with. Their pizza is wonderful, and a trip to Oregano's is simply incomplete without a pizzoki. If you enjoy drinks, their peach belini is great as well. I've never had something from Oregano's that I wouldn't advise someone else to order.
3	This place was good. The pizza was good but I was most happy with the service.  They were really great and we stayed past closingand they were nice about it.  I loved the pizookie you just can't go wrong with hot cookies and ice cream.
3	The wait on a Saturday night was super long. I liked the Margherita pizza and the Cesar salad was really good as well. We also had a pazookie for dessert and that was delicious. It was pretty loud in the restaurant. Looks clean...didn't go into the restroom so I can't comment on that.
4	Excellent food and service. Portions are large, we split a salad and deep dish pizza with enough to bring home left-overs. Cookie is outrageous!
5	The Pablo Picasso Salad is huge and delicious.  We shared the big size with our meal!  It was plenty big for two as a meal.Our waitress, Sam M., was so friendly and helpful. She stopped by many times to check if we needed anything else. We asked about the Margaritas and she brought us a sample of the Anita Margarita, it was delicious so we has a pair of them .
4	Good pizza. Staff was great. Very long wait on the weekend. They don't do take out at certain times for dinner so you can't order for pick up when you want.
5	I'm impressed by the customer service at this location.  The staff is friendly and greets you when you come in. All of them are smiling.  Great atmosphere. l ordered a pizza to go and my order was more than I thought it would be because of the way they charge for toppings. They immediately discounted my order and apologized for the confusion. I will eat here more often because of my experience.
2	After being a loyal customer of Oregano's for many years, I recently went for the first time to the restaurant on Bell. It was busy, which is no surprise. So we sat at the bar and ordered appetizers while waiting for our table. The bartender was great, personable and helpful. After a normal wait of about 20 minutes, we got a table. The waiter was slow and distracted. I ordered my favorite pizza (the O-Riva), which I've had more times than I can count. And for the first time, boy was I extremely disappointed!!! The crust was dry, tasted like it was from a box mix and the bottom was covered with a ton of flour. The sauce was bland and the toppings were very sparse. I'll go back to Oregano's but never to this location.
5	This is one of my favorite local restaurants here in Arizona! I have ordered something different every time I've gone and loved everything I have tried. The REAL reason my boyfriend and I go there is for the infamous pazookie. The only downfall is expect a long line almost any time you go. Its a popular place.
3	We haven't been to Oreganos in YEARS.  Our reason is simple:  If you ever ask for ranch dressing or extra salad dressing, they charge you anywhere between 25 and 39 cents.  When I'm dropping $50 for overpriced pizza for two people, don't nickel and dime me.  Waitresses have discretion on whether to charge and we warn them in advance - if you charge me 39 cents, then 39 cents will be your tip.  Plain and simple.  Some test us and lose - other's get it (and we say this once the pizza arrives and we ask for dressing to dip it in) We encourage them to tell management that that policy sucks.The pizza?  It's good.  The salads are good and so are the dressings.  Personally I think there is much better pizza out there, but there's much worse too.  When Oreganos gets packed, I don't think the pizza is that good to wait for, but some think it's worth the wait.
5	This place was MOST Excellent. The server we had was Megan and she was very good at her job, and very attentive. The food was very well priced, and very good. I would highly recommend this place for anyone to try.
5	Make it a point to come here whenever I'm in Phoenix. Definitely some of the tastiest pizza around and I've yet to have a bad pie. Had some garlic knots which are tasty as well....generally always some sort of line but overall great pizza...did I happen to mention great pizza in Phoenix? Yeah they got that...
5	One of our favs for pizza!!!!! However, Renee was amazing as our Server!!!! Thank you Renee for making my evening with my Parents so enjoyable!!!!!
5	This is my first time going to Oregano's. We went for my wife's birthday because she has been here multiple times. We expected a long wait so that wasn't too bad. When the hostess took us back to the table almost every employee we past said enjoy your meal which was cool. Our server was bubbly and super nice. Our appetizers came out after we finished our meal I wasn't too upset about that because the manager gave us another free pazoki, and I was like awesome. I told them to sing happy birthday to my wife when we came in and they forgot. I saw the guy I told and gave him a jokingly hard time. The staff was great, food was good, but customer service was off the chain. Kudos Oregano staff, kudos.
1	Went back a couple days ago. (The last 3 times I gotta say they were 5 star occasions too bad I forgot to update my review to reflect so) To our surprise they HAVE CHANGED THEIR MENU. I doubt Oreganos is suffering financially but it looks like the changes on their menu is to try to get an extra 20 cents off every dollar. We also noticed their quality went down(could of been a one off situation) but as you can see from my pictures their wings were horrible, the one thing I come for was horrible :-( the sauce was the same but the wings themselves seemed to be attacked by a pack of dogs or exposed to radiation because they looked  deformed and tiny. I would of not complained to the waitress but each wing is $1.00 now so you gotta get what you paid for. They ended up replacing 3 of the(I had eaten some as I was hungry) ones the manager saw but by the time they came back out we were done eating. Manager said quality had not eaten but as you can see my picture it tells otherwise.The pizza.(Chicago pan not deep dish) had a real weird texture and seem uncooked. At that time we were done complaining so we just ate it. By the way they only have their signatures for the thin crust on the menu but if you remember your favorite from deep dish or pan they will make it for you. Seems like they are trying to promote build your own and pay for each topping individually.I feel like Oreganos is trying to aim towards gourmet modern restaurant. Which kind of takes away from what Oreganos is. Next time we crave Oreganos we are driving to camelback location hopefully they are still the same.
5	David in management awesome customer service. Thanks for making everything right on my daughters bday. Go Flagstaff.  Your the best!!!!!!
5	We have been in the Phoenix area for a couple years and I have wanted to try Oregano's for quite some time but we are never close to one. We have been watching the location in Goodyear being built and I couldn't wait any longer so we drove to Glendale specifically to eat here. I am happy to say that our experience totally exceeded our expectations. We had a bit of a wait when we arrived around 4pm. I was surprised at how busy it was at that time of day. I was hopeful that was a good sign. Once we were seated we were greeted by our awesome server Jeff. He was very welcoming and gave us some great suggestions. We ordered garlic cheese bread for our appetizer, pepperoni and olive pan style pizza and the chocolate chip cookie with ice cream for dessert. I honestly could have just had the garlic cheese bread and been totally satisfied. It was delicious and tasted so fresh. The pizza was amazing! I can't wait to try more of their pies! The dessert was soooo good. Even though I was full I couldn't resist the dessert. On top of the delicious food our server Jeff was fantastic. He could not have been any more friendly or attentive. If you decide to stop in ask for him and I am sure you will be delighted. I can't wait for the Goodyear location to open and I hope the service is as good as it was at this location.
5	Great pizza. The pan pizza was delicious. The wait time was an hour the day after Christmas but you can pre-order the pizza with 30 minutes before sitting down.
4	The pizza was recomendet by friend pizza was great il give it a 4 star cause my favorite pizza place was in Vegas  service was great.
4	Went to Oregano's for dinner on New Year's Day to start the year out right. They were really busy, as they always are. The hostess quoted our wait to be 1 hr to 1 hr 10 min. It was very cold outside, but I was dressed warmly and they had the heaters on so it wasn't too bad. A guy brought out pizza samples a couple of times for the people waiting. Always appreciated. My friend went inside to get me a glass of water from the bar. Our wait only ended up being 45-50 min. It's amazing the crowds that Oregano's brings in and how many people are willing to wait. I really wish they operated in bigger buildings. I'm sure they do it for the ambiance (and maybe cost of the space), but they would be successful in a larger space too. I know I would eat here more often if the wait times were shorter.When we got to our table, I had to switch chairs because the one looked like it had grease on it... then my chair wobbled--I think the tiles were uneven. Small annoyances. Also the lighting was very dim and I used my phone to light up the menu. We ordered the garlic cheese bread with marinara... that is a must for a visit at Oregano's. When it came out, it was really garlicky! It always is, but I think this one was at another level. Very tasty though. For my entree, I ordered the Bollo Pasta (angel hair) with meatballs. This dish is actually unlimited but I can never get through one bowl after the garlic bread and still save a little room for Pizookie! I love the peanut butter chocolate chip they have now, but we got the original chocolate chip. Didn't even finish it... I was so full! Looking forward to the opening of the Goodyear location.One other comment I have is about the Zany Ziti... now I'm not a pasta expert, but I know the pasta they use for this dish is diagonal cut, not square cut as I know ziti to be. Not sure why they call it ziti if it's actually penne?
