4	The food was good, and the service was also good.  The lady taking my order even stopped texting when I needed something...  Its just a small little place, but very tasty.  I had the Philly Cheese steak and loved it.  Not the best I have had, but very good!  They serve crinkly fries with all their stuff, and you can never go wrong with crinkly fries right???They got food for the kids, but there is a lot of Greek food there too that I want to try later.  I just felt like Cheese steak when I went!If you are in Queen Creek and are looking for a change in food - try this place - it will be a good alternative.
4	I stopped by this place for the first time. As Matt S. said, it is a small place - it used to be a hot dog restaurant that I tried just before moving to Queen Creek. I ordered as take out, so I can't comment on the service, but the staff was very friendly. I ordered the gyros value meal (comes with fries and a drink) for $7.50, a chicken ceasar pita combo and a hummus appetizer. The total was $23.The hummus wasn't the best I have had (and I am only a recent fan), but it was good. The pita bread that came with the hummus was exceptional! Both meals were very good as well. Added bonus - the fries are crinkle cut fries, which is rare and a real treat! Yeah for the fries!I will definitely be back and try something else from the restaurant.
5	We have been here many, many times...the food and service are consistently good. We love the gyros and my daughter always orders the Greek burger...the gyros are the best!!!
4	Great food and service. Would have given 5 stars except that the dining room is tiny.
5	This small Greek restaurant has become a favorite. It is fastGreek food so don't expect gourmet. In fact, I'm not sure why anyone would order cheese steak. The owner is friendly and helpful. His staff is fine, but do not have his personality or verve. I love the souvlaki pita, my husband the gyro. The Greek salad is great too. I'm giving this place 5 stars because it is fabulous for what it purports to be.
5	Food is really good.  Served quickly by people who are nothing but nice.  Anything on the menu is good and the pita bread is fantastic.  Deserts are prepared on site with traditional recipes and are also really good tasting.  This is a great local business with a local owner who seems to care about the community and the food he serves.  A place that deserves your support!
4	The food is very good. The only reason that I am giving this 4 stars is because it takes a long time to get your food.
5	This place is really really good. I am kind of obsessed with Gyro lately and didn't know this place existed until now. The owner was there, cooking, at 8 pm on a Saturday. This meant to me that he was very dedicated to his food and his restaurant. The pita bread is AMAZING... very tasty. The Gyro is also really good. He mentioned that he makes a good philly cheesesteak, and there are hot dogs and hamburgers on the menu. So he has other things, but the Greek is great. My kids liked the fries and the Thrifty ice cream. Try it it's awesome.
5	Food was outstanding! Delicious meat french frys were delicious as well, :) honestly I will be back, I had the gyro pita and can't complain tasted great with there hot sauce!
5	This was the first time I got Greek food, and since I got there the service was great, they explained me everything and Nick (the owner) was there talking with every customer in the restaurant... Very friendly environment, great food, and I will defenetely recomend this place to my family and friends!!!
5	this place is amazing a little bit off the beaten path but extremely good food. The owner is always in the shop and always remembers his customers. The food is always fresh and great quality.
5	This place is awesome. I always wanted to try everything on the menu but I never could get past the gyro. It is tasty! The last time I was in there, I was more in the mood for a burger so I tried the Greek Burger. I loved it. I might just pop over there and get another one after I'm done posting this. The folks that run the place are some of the most friendly people you'll meet. They have plenty of menu items for anyone who is not in the Greek food mood or the unadventurous child who just wants a burger or dog. They have a good selection of ice cream too. You gotta try this place.
5	Outstanding Greek oriented food with an American twist. Excellent service and a menu for all tastes
5	I have tried this place out on several occasions, and each time has been a similar experience. The Gyro that they serve up is a Kronos. The meat is carved right off the spit, and they certainly don't skimp on the meat. I've ordered Gyros at many places around the valley, and this one is so far my favorite for it's consistency.Aside from the awesome Gyro's, the Greek Fries and awesome! They are always fried up fresh after you order them, then topped with olive oil, lemon, spices and feta cheese.I have not yet tried their Philly Cheese steak, but I have seen others order it and it looks pretty good. I plan to try that one next time.They also make a simple Hummus in house, and it's very tasty.On one last note, they serve Thrifty's ice cream. Some of you may not be very familiar with Thrifty, but as a kid, I remember going to Thrifty's drug store and getting an ice cream cone on many occasions.The place is clean, the staff is friendly and from the East Coast. Go give them a shot if you are on this side of town. They do the job right and put their heart into their business.Cheers and good job guys! =)
4	I've visited the grill on many occasions, because it is one of the only decent food places way out here in the sticks. I always order a gyro and fries, and it is great everytime. Its reasonably priced as well, which makes it even more attractive. I've never had a bad experience here, and find it funny to hear someone else complain in their review that it isn't totally "authentic." Well, the restaurant is in the middle of nowhere, and not too many places these days are completely authentic. I have never been let down going, the food has always been great, the owner is always there, friendly, and the other staff have never done anything to make me complain or question it.
4	I actually like this place. Good luck finding a Gyro place anywhere close by here so you have to score some points for that. Is it the best Gyro I have ever had? No, but  I can't complain. Actually just thinking about I may have to make a trip over there.
5	The place is small but big on very good gyros--Have gotten carry out several times and always the same--excellent--Plan to try the Philly cheese tonight--Highly recommend give it a try--by the way the Philly cheese that I had tonight  is just as good as the gyros
5	Love this place!!! The food is great, the staff is friendly, and it's affordable!
5	Very yummy in my tummy:)love the philly on a pita and the crinkle fries!really wish they delivered too!!
4	This place is very good! never knew about it before. Food was great workers were very nice.
5	I love this place, I have never had a bad experience. The chicken souvlaki is fabulous. Dont pay attention to the negative review about "authentic". I was in Mykonos this fall and the souvlaki pita there tasted EXACTLY like Greek Island Grill.In Greece, it had fries inside the sandwich but that was the only difference. My husband loves the gyro. I'd like to try the Philly steak, but I never can because I'm craving souvlaki pita by the time I order. The Greek salad is great too.
5	We love the gyros and the hummus and pita bread. You will not be hungry after eating here. The staff remember frequent customers and make you feel welcome. Nick runs an excellent little grill and I would love to see him expand into a bigger spot in the future. Super food and great prices.
5	Small family restaurants often have great food - and Greek Island Grill is definitely one of those.I'm a big fan of Greek salads and I really enjoy theirs with chicken fresh and hot off the grill. My fatal discovery was Honey Fried Bread - an addiction.The owners are authentically Greek and very friendly. You can't go wrong eating here.
5	We love the Greek Island Grill! Great service and great food.
4	Now I can't speak Greek - or cook Greek - so it's all Greek to me! But this place has some good eats! (as Alton Brown would say). So grab your dollars, your Euros - or if you are old enough to remember the drachma - grab those too! The best and only Greek Food in San Tan Valley / Queen Creek. Tell them Bridgette sent ya!
5	We eat here an average of once per week and always enjoy our meals. I switch between the gyro and the phili cheesesteak and love them both. The owner is always on the premises and almost always takes the time to greet and talk to every customer. Great food for a decent price.
5	Everyone talks about the food and yes its awsome... But the service is just as good or even better i was suprised about the staff there are very few resteraunts that have staff as friendly and commited to service
5	Getting hungry just thinking about it. Love the food, the girls taking orders are always friendly and I've never been disappointed. We don't have a ton of options for food in Johnson Ranch but we got lucky with this place. Bonus: supporting a local family-owned business!
4	Husband and I went on a Thursday afternoon.  Way past lunch but early for dinner so we were the only ones dining there but takeout orders were popular.We had the combo appetizer (3 falafel, 3 dolamades, hummus, tzatziki and pita bread) to share and I had a gyro pita, while my husband had the pork souvlaki pita.  The appetizer was half fabulous and half just eh.  The fabulous part--the pita and the falafel.  The pita bread is the best I've ever had and the falafel was crispy on the outside but moist and flavorful inside.  Often falafel is too dry for my taste but not at Greek Island!  The eh part?  Unfortunately the dolamades and the hummus, usually my favorites when eating Greek.  The dolamades were pretty small, very tart and the filling was bland.  The hummus was too dry and almost gritty.  My husband loved the tzatziki but I found that a little bland too.  Just needed a touch of salt and pepper, IMHO.  My gyro pita was really good, most because of that heavenly pita bread and the tasty gyro meat.  Again, tzatziki was a bit bland but I sprinkled a little salt and pepper on top and everything was great after that.  My husband enjoyed his pork souvlaki pita but said he preferred my gyro pita.  I tasted the pork and found it bland as well.  Just seems like someone is a little light-handed with the seasonings on some things.  Bottom line is there were enough delicious items on our plates that I'm ready to go back again.  Hubby and I agreed we will get a falafel pita and a gyro pita and share next time.  Plus some of that amazing pita bread to go!
4	A QC / San Tan Valley secret. Located at corner of Hunt Highway and Belle Vista.  Northwest corner. Great for Gyros.  Have also had the Greek Fries.  They were very good.  But Gyro is worth it. Great stop for lunch!!
3	Average taste and price. Smaller gyro than other Greek restaurants. Way the heck in the boonies. Unless you live close, there are better places to go. That said, it wasn't horrible and I would eat there again.
4	Little hole in the wall place in San Tan Valley that serves up great food.  I am especially a fan of their awesome gyros!!  Stuffed full of meat, onions, tomatoes and covered in tzaziki sauce...yummy!!  The Greek Fries with feta cheese and greek dressing are very good as well.  You won't leave hungry.
5	Hubby and I were spot on about what to order.  We've been back several times and each time we get a falafel pita, a gyro pita and a pack of pita bread to go.  We've also tried the Greek Fries and OMG...so yum!  Love their fries just plain but the toppings on the Greek Fries are just out of this world.  Love Greek Island and the owner is so nice.  We drove out there one day and they were closed even though per their website they should have still been open.  I commented on their Facebook page and he sent me a message explaining and offered to take care of us the next time we came in.  Unfortunately the message went into the "Other" box on Facebook (hate that box since they don't notify you about messages there) and I didn't see it for about 6 months but I still appreciate the offer.  Shows a lot of pride and integrity on the part of the owner.
4	We really enjoy this place. Great family owned business. They are so friendly and wanting to please their customers. I usually order the vegetarian pita. My husband is a gyro fan. Salads are fresh and I love the dressing. I try so hard to not order these..but sometimes ya just gotta indulge....THE GREEK FRIES! Yum! I could eat these everyday if I did not care about my waist line. Seriously yummy. We enjoy going to family owned places as to the big chain restaurants. There is nothing fancy about it. In fact, it used to be a hotdog shop. I think sometimes that is the charm of a place.Do try if you have never been here.
5	What an amazing find, I ate here today and was blown away by the Gyro. A sublime sampling of meat, tzaziki sauce, tomato's and onions rolled safely inside a fresh, warm pita. I cannot wait to go back and sample the rest of the menu and even if you're not into Greek food they have an excellent selection of traditional American food on their menu as well. The atmosphere of this place was really great too, busy but not hurried, full but not crowded. The owner was behind the counter working right along side of his employees and he was very friendly and when I wasn't sure what to order he immediately gave me a sample of a hot, delectable meat from the spit behind him. After which, he suggested I try his most popular item the #1 combo which is a gyro, with fries and a medium beverage. While I relaxed in a booth he quickly made my food and brought it out himself and I just gorged while I watched some hockey on the tv and I just loved my food and the Greek Islands Grill itself. My meal was very reasonably priced, it came out to about $9 and considering the portions I was served it was a great deal. I'm sure when you eat here you will find something to love be it Greek or American food. They also have an excellent selection of desserts weather you're a Thrifty's ice cream fan or some Chocolate Baklava feels in order. This place has risen fast on my favorites list and I will be going back-soon. See you there? Nice.
5	We have been here about a dozen times.  The food is always fresh. The employees are friendly and Nick always remembers us. The place is small but they now deliver in the neighborhood. I highly recommend the falafel pita and fish and chips. They have the BEST fries.
5	Awesome Gyros!
4	This place has great Gyros, fries (mmm Greek style), and philly cheese steak sandwiches. I am also a fan of there American hamburger. It's sad you can't find good, small-business owned restaurants like this in the San Tan Valley area unless you find a place that hasn't been ran out of town by the lack of interest. The ladies are Greek goddesses and the gentleman with the burger flipper is a fabulous cook. Help keep this place in business!!
5	Love this place.  The gyros are a little smaller than other Greek restaurants and the prices are little high, but I will continue to support local business that provide great service and good food.
3	Gyro pita was decent but chicken dinners are horrible. Small portions, over cooked and soggy fries.  Where is the rice too? I've never been to a Greek place that doesn't serve rice with the dinners, unless you're just getting a gyro then it comes with fries. I guess I'm the odd one though because they have good reviews. So I'll just stick with the gyro and go elsewhere for the dinner plates. Nice people working inside though and food was fast.
5	great food great service. Definitely worth checking out. nice to have family run business here in San Tan Valley please support them!
5	From the owner to the staff great service, great food, always good at Greek Island Grill.
5	I am Greek and must say this is the best tasting Greek food I have found in AZ and I have tried many. The gyros are packed with fresh juicy meat and there gyro fries are the bomb!
5	My husband and I LOVE this little restaurant.. If you get a chance to eat here.. Don't pass it up! The owner is very sweet and I can't say enough about how great the food is!
5	I have been eating Gyro's since I was Little kid back in NYC. I use to go the local Greek festival in Pearl River NY in Rockland County, NY's best kept lil secret of a place, anyway. Every June for three days in the woods at a greek orthodox church was where we ate like Greek Kings!! They had guys who hand made all the lamb rolls the day of and during the festival these were 1st generation Greek who know there own food. The meat would literally melt in your mouth each bite was pushing you to the next with fresh Tzatziki sauce golden fries or slices of cucumber.... back to reality Greek Island Grill takes me right back to that time with each bite of his food. He is from NJ I believe and keeps it East Coast Real with Krinkle Kutz for his fries and a huge portion every time. be sure to seek him out he is a nice jovial fella and his staff are courteous and professional. What more can you ask. I can only hope he starts a larger delivery area to Anthem soon only 7.5 miles down the road.. but I strongly recommend his food!! Keep up[ the good work GIG !!
5	Great place too eat. One of my family favorite places to go for Greek .  Great staff: very friendly owner(always there) and excellent cooking staff.order taker/ server always  very attentive.  Highly recommend their gyros and philly chesse gyros. Fries and baklava are first rate.
5	Delicious! I moved from bay area and was so happy to find this place! Thanks for the delicious food and great service!
4	Very good gyros at this place! The fries are good and i have also tried the burgers and hotdogs. I agree with one of the other reviews which said this is one of the better gyro spots in Arizona.
5	Love this place! The gyros are delicious along with the honey fried bread AND chicken Caesar pita! Definitely happy to have this in my neighborhood!
5	Everything I eat here is wonderful. Never a bad experience in over 5 years! The tziki (however you spell it) is fresh made. I get it to dip my fries in. Gyro, chicken, hummus, and beef are all fantastic!
5	Been to many Greek restaurants before all over the country and this place is absolutely awesome! The gyros are very tasty and you get a lot of food for the price.   Most definitely going again!
4	The dolmades are delicious!  Just the right amount of lemon and spices on the rice, and not too oily.  The French fries are great too if you eat them there.  With that said, I have never had good fries from anywhere to go.  Their fries are crispy golden and perfect amount of salt.
5	Wonderful food!  Prices are great...service is friendly and quick, AND they deliver!
4	Great Gyro Classic.  Very good taste, and quick serve.  Excellent food.
5	You could order just about anything and be satisfied. Gyro meat is 80% lamb and 20% beef. Falafels are to die for. Hummus is off the chain. Tzatziki sauce is always fresh. And the Baklava?? I'm almost positive that there is crack in the Baklava because it is totally addicting. My only complaint is that they serve way too much food and I leave there feeling like I am going to explode. But I guess that isn't really a complaint now is it?
5	Ok, Nick greets every guest personally.  Mykel can cook !  I love the Philly Cheese Steak on pita, my husband loves the Chicken Cesar!  Yummy in the  Tummy :-)
5	Best gyro meat anywhere!  Not greasy, full of flavor ... just plain ole yummy!  Love that it is just down the road too!
5	Love this place! Great owner and incredible food. Strongly suggest swinging by and getting the gyro and fries!!
4	A solid choice for food out here in BFE, I mean San Tan Valley.  The Greek salad is delightful, and I also like the chicken, fries, and gyros.  Haven't tried much else.  I also like the fact that they deliver.  Like other people said, you do see the owner in there often, which to me is a positive thing.  We need more small, family owned, non-chain/corporate places to eat out here.  In the valley in general.
5	First of all my family and I have been coming here since 2009. We love the the food, customer service, and the atmosphere here. The owner is a great and his staff. This is my number 1 Greek Place to go and just I. General. I highly recommend this place.
5	Delivery is always fast and on point.  Great portions for the $$$.  Better then your traditional options of fast food in San Tan Valley.  You will not be disappointed.
5	FIVE STARS! Been going here forever and we absolutely love the food and even better...they have delivery!!!
5	Food is excellent.   Place needs an update. You could easily share these gyros and chicken dinner no question about it.  Must try it. Bet you keep coming back.
4	Solid establishment! First time visit, exceeded expectations with the friendliness, efficiency and tenderness of the gyro meat! I had the Gyro meal which included a nice Greek salad & fries. I do not know why but Greek places just know how to make fries, hot, crispy outside and tasty. I got the 'small' which was plenty for this big man. They double the meat on the 'large' so be warned. To have a place like this way out in San Tan Valley is just awesome. Looking forward to my next visit.
4	I so wish this place was open later.   Been only once after moving to San Tan Valley 2 years ago.   It was ok, but I am a patron of Gyro Place in Mesa for many years.  Also a family owned business and all from Greece, so they had large shoes to fill.  My husband and I have tried to go about 5 times since our first take out visit,  but as they close early and we work late,  it has not happened yet.  Still hoping,  because Greek is my all time favorite food.  Will keep trying!
5	I stand by what I said before. The food here is the best in San tan valley. Every time I come here, I come back the very next day. I just can't get enough! The prices are damn good too.
5	I tried my first gyro in a tiny hole in the wall in Chicago years ago. Ever since then, I have been HOOKED on Greek food. When my husband and I moved to Arizona about a year and a half ago, I struggled finding a place that would meet my high expectations for gyros. Finally I have found my spot. This place is tiny and a little out of the way, but the food is AMAZING! Exactly what I want when I think of Greek food. I ordered my regular gyro and it took me back to being a kid on Navy Pier.
5	Who would have thought a Philly Cheese Steak on a pita would be great. Try it and see. Chicken Souvlaki sandwich is great. Good to know a great place for lunch.
5	Very friendly staff. Great food. The girl at the register also took the time to work with us on our order so we got the best fit for our family at the cheapest price. Great service!
