5	Ditto on everything JB wrote... My dog LOVES going to this park... Since they redid this park, there are actually 3 dog areas that they rotate so that the grass stays green and it's kept up really well.  There are always a lot of dogs there and it's so convenient with water fountains and poo bags, etc... I feel like this park is like an amusement park for dogs... lots to sniff, 'dog-watch,' people-watch, and more.  I imagine it's also a great place to go if you're looking to meet a single dog-lover as well!  If only more people in Scottsdale were as friendly as the dogs and people are at the dog park!
5	Yup, it's actually really nice here! My behemoths always get a good sniff on here and just get exhausted. There are regulars here, too, which is kinda fun. It's like cheers, but... um, with dogs, instead of, you know, people. *ahem*The park itself gets a 5, though I will say this:Last time I went, some obnoxious poodle owner took her sensitive little flower of a bitch (haha, get it? It's not really profanity!!!) into the big dog run and my boxer basically treated it as he treats all others; LIKE A BOXER. The woman had the audacity to call me and my dog names, me, irresponsible, my dog a mongrel! What a bitch (ok, THAT was profanity).
5	I exist in the world of shared-custody or partial custody of a pooch. The 'ex' has her company most of the time, I usually enjoy her when he's traveling or not looking. Recently, I took care of her while he was away. She and I had a party. We went running, walking, and she sniffed her way through my neighborhood. We headed to Chaparral Dog Park, and I have to say, I was so pleased at how clean and well kept the area is. My tax dollars are being well utilized.The park is crowded, but its a good crowd. Everyone seems to have the same mission: to let their dogs sniff, run, play and socialize with other dogs, while they sniff, run, play and socialize with each other. Its pretty much a win-win!
5	I live next door to this, so I see it almost everyday...It is the nicest, best laid-out dog park that I have ever seen. I don't have a dog at the moment - if I did, I would be there on a regular basis (right now I borrow my friends dog for an occasional visit). The place really gets full (of people and dogs).Right on the greenbelt, so lots of activities are nearby too...
4	Great dog park!And always some hotties ...
5	I Love this Park! Especially after the remodel!I wish I lived closer so I could take Zoey more often.All Dog Parks should be this Cool!
5	We LOVE this dog park!! Everyone has been super nice. There are doggie water fountains and benches. We Highly recommend it!!!
4	This Dog park is great!!! The dog watching is fun and so is the people watching. But please people PICK UP YOUR DOG SH**!!!! The only problem with this DP is the water or should I say.....lack there of?! It barely comes out as a trickle. Dogs are hot and thirsty and need water. If you spend the time and money to put dog drinking fountains into the DP they should work efficiently. Just sayin'!Although it is nice they switch from one side to the other so the grass can grow. I just wish they would turn the sprinklers off a little sooner Saturday night so the ground isn't so wet and muddy. But over all it's a really nice park that I have gone to for years, even before it got all fancy!!!! :)
5	i have 2 words for you: passive. active. dividing the dog park into sections based on tempermant isn't smart, it's f'n brilliant. 2 gates upon entrance and exit safe it up so i have no worries that my shelter dog will hit the streets again. this dog park is clean, the people are friendly and so are the dogs. finally, a place where we can all get along.
3	This is an awesome dog park.  As long as you're not there during rush-hour. From 5-8 this place is insane. Any other time of day, it's great. Unfortunately, there's usually one too many bad dog owners there when it's busy.  We've seen too much drama (dog fights/owner fights) at this park so we simply don't go anymore.The parks in Tempe off Curry/College & S Mitchell/10th are far more mellow.
4	Coming from NYC, I have been to my fair share of dog parks, and I think this one is awesome.   I am used to rocks or pavement, and this one is all grass. You have to have the "right" kind of dog though.  There are tons of dogs and I could see how fights would break out, so if your dog is at all tempermental, beware.  The grass,  think amazing well kept for the amt of dogs that are there, my dog loves it and cant stop running around.  I saw some reviews on here complaining that the water comes out of the dog fountains too slow...but come on, at least they have dog fountains and its clean water, rather than a big shared bowl.  I think this place is great and my dog has a really fun time.
5	This was my very first time taking Penny to the dog park and I am SO happy that we chose this park. I read the other reviews on here and the park sounded good, so I thought I would give it a try.I'm so glad I did because we had such a great time! We ended up sticking around for about two hours and we saw so many different dogs.. puppies to old guys, small to large, pretty much all breeds!There is a grass, sand and rock area and they a drinking fountain for the pupps. Everyone there obviously loves dogs, so they are all extremely friendly and love talking about their pets so its fun for you and your pup to socialize.It gets a little busier around 6:30. There were only two owners there when I showed up at 5 and probably 30+ when I left at 7. I thought it was the perfect amount of people and dogs and everyone seemed to be really happy and enjoying themselves. Me and Penny will be back, weekly, and I would certainly recommend this dog park to anyone!
4	I lived literally across the street from this park before it was the park that it is today.  Needless to say, that was several years ago.  I ventured over here last weekend and was pleasantly surprised by what I found.  The city did a wonderful job creating a beautiful public space.  The dog park was more orderly than I expected.  It wasn't horribly overcrowded (and it was Saturday morning) and all the dog owners were reasonably responsible and in control of their dogs.  There was one total douche-bag  guy that was gabbing away while his dog created problems  through out the park.  He would periodically shout over "Don't worry, he is useless" instead of intervening as his dog bullied the other pups.  One of the other patrons of the park quite appropriated noted "No, you are useless.".  Asshole.  I'm going to give him a piece of my mind if I see him again.   Anyway, despite the slight drama, the pup and I had a great time.  I will definitely take him back for another visit.
4	This is a wonderful dog park.  I appreciate the way they rotate the active dog area so it doesn't totally kill the grass. The shade structures are beautiful and of course - shady. I love the surrounding landscape and architecture.We've met some really cool people. Your dog sniffing another dogs butt is a huge icebreaker. Who would have thought.One problem. PICK UP YOUR DOG POOP!I'm not even kidding about this. I see the dog poop. I see the owner see  their dog poop. No pick up. No follow through at all!  I swear to GOD and baby jesus I'm going to put the poop in the blue bag and then tie it to the dogs collar. I understand that people get busy talking or perhaps their dog sneaks off to poop. I'm not a poop nazi. I'm willing to pick up poop that is not my own. I don't stand around and bitch about all the poop without grabbing a few bags and picking up random poops.PAY IT FORWARD PEOPLE! It would be nice if they had hand purell hand sanitizer dispensers. Couldn't the Dial Corporation donate some sanitizer thingies? I might be taking it too far but I picked up a lot of stranger poop today, cut me some slack.Oh and if you bring your kids with their kiddie snacks - that should count as child abuse. Why don't you just tie porkchops around their necks and turn 'em loose?
2	After several more outings, I need to dog on the dog park.  The park is great, however, the other dog owners are not.  I really don't understand why people think it is appropriate to sit and talk on a mobile phone while their dog runs amok.  After a couple altercations, I have had enough.  I got into it with one girl who was not supervising her giant dog that kept "mouthing" my puppy's entire head.  He was terrified.  I told her to get control of her dog.  Response?  "Maybe you should take your dog over to the passive dog area, you just don't understand how dogs play."  "Are you kidding me?  My dog is not passive.  You just need to control your dog."  "He's just playing, yesterday he had a whole Pug in is mouth and that dog was fine."  Brilliant reasoning.  I left after that exchange, which I promise you is almost verbatim, and have not been back.
4	This is the best dog park in the valley, or at least that I have been to. It's the only one where people actually pick up their dog's crap and unlike other parks, it looks like owner's have actually given their dog a bath in the last year. My girls love this park, too. It's separated by aggressive and passive dogs complete with doggy fountains and green grass. I only wish there were more trees and shade.
4	This is a very nice dog park, even by my high san diego standards. Knowing that this park is around the corner from my grandmother's house makes visiting her a lot easier; we can actually exercise the puppy and tired her out so much that we don't worry about her knocking granny over! It's a good size, with a separate area for passive dogs. each area has fountains and surprisingly good grass coverage. my only wish would be for more shade - there are nice trees around the perimeter but they're too small to shade more than a few dogs at a time. the water fountains could be a tiny bit better, too - the tall one has so much pressure that i heard the water THUNK into Amalia and she jumped back and wouldn't come near it again. the short one had almost no pressure at all and Amalia had a hard time getting a decent drink. the area was poop-free, and the owners were attentive to their dogs. i haven't seen any issues between dogs, and there is enough space that if there is a personality conflict the dogs can be separated and still get some running in. it's a very nice park. we'll be back, every time we visit.
4	Minnie and I took a long overdue field trip this evening to Chaparral Dog Park.  We hadn't been in months because of the heat, but after dinner tonight, it was cool (translation = under 100 degrees), and the dog park was calling our names!Since our last visit, I noticed that they put up some awnings - great for providing shade for the people and the dogs... very smart!  Other than that, no major changes... same old dog park.  Minnie was happy to visit and played with random dogs in the active area for a while...We're still major fans and hope to go back again real soon!  If you're up for a doggy play date with us sometime, let me know!
5	As a Professional Pet Sitter, I've seen my share of Dog parks.  This is my favorite park in the entire valley.  The location is great, very easily accessible.  The layout is very nice and spacious.  Parking isn't very difficult either.  I like to run around with the dogs as well.  We run and play like overly-hyper 4 year olds, and just have a blast.  Great park!I LOVE it here!  Absolute Pet Care LLC, (local Scottsdale Professional Pet Care business), will also arrange to bring client's dogs here for a great Dog Park Trip!
5	What a beautiful dog park! I wish I lived closer so I could go everyday, but it's kind of a hike for me to get there. First of all, it's huge. I like that there are two separate areas: one for active dogs, one for more chill dogs. The grass was green, soft, and well maintained. I noticed everyone being responsible and cleaning up after their dogs. There are lots of places for people to sit. I don't recall a lot of tress though. But I went at sunset and had a lovely time.My beagles loved the area with the sand and the big boulders. We jumped around on them and played hide and seek. Parking was ample. The path around the dog park is beautifully landscaped and a nice place to take the dogs when they are on the leash. I liked the mix of people and the mix of pets. There was a great energy about the area. I really loved this park and wish I could go more.
4	Definitely a favorite for my doggie, Rylie and myself. I love the constant upkeep of this park.. and how they alternate between areas. This park is beautiful and huge. The people there are always friendly and have excellent dog park etiquette (ie: picking poop up, controlling unruly pets, NOT bringing in food - so dumb btw!) Definitely a great park. I used to live in N. Scottsdale and would alternate between this one and the Fountain Hills dog park- which, by the way is even BETTER... and the people are just adorable, but now that I live in Tempe, this park is closer...My next visit will be to Cosmo Dog park which I've only heard great things about!!! :)For now, the Chaparral Dog Park is the most convenient park. Definitely a must see.
4	my dog's a butt sniffer, there, i said itball lickin', leg liftin', throw and fetch itpure bred, champion's, pedigreecomplete with groomer, AKCpapers, a canine, bon vivantwho slums it at, Chapparal Dog Parkbye-bye backyard, what is thishusky-lab-rottweiler mixmutts... whatever, let's get it on  a look, a lick,  and off, they're gonerollin', rumblin', pantin', playin'he'd hang here, all night and day n'never leave, until it closedlivin' the dogs life, i supposewith all the other, happy go lucky      look just like their owner, puppiesmost lil' doggies, get along some need to see, cesar millanas well, most keepers, pick up afterif their fiddo, takes a crapperlots of green grass, open spaceboth of you, will love this placeactive or passive, either roverhave a spot, so head on overto the dog park, Chapparalwith your favorite, furry palno excuses, do it soonand have a dog date, afternoon
5	This is one of the top three Dog Parks in the Valley. Plenty of room, well lit in the evenings, plenty of water. I've seen the attendance shift slightly in the last year with less hipsters and more kooks coming in. Not a problem though because there are always multiple groups to mingle with.For photos and a complete review of this park go to www.dogparkriot.com.
4	As a Scottsdale Pet Sitter, I visit this park often. Usually during the day so its not too busy. I have had only positive experiences and love coming here! I will say that I went tonight on a spur of the moment trip, the Scottsdale PD crime scene unit was there on the active side and just leaving as i got there ! I have no idea what went on, but no one seemed bothered.
3	Like most dog parks, this place always has your typical clueless dog owners who let their crazy dogs run wild while they sit on the side and text message.  I have seen a number of aggressive dogs in here and watched the owners laugh when their dogs got mean or dominant with other dogs.  Some people don;t even pay attention or care.  This is typical in almost any dog park.You also have your neurotic scottsdale housewives and bimbos who come here and watch their dogs act like total shitheads while they do nothing to correct their dogs or get them away from a potential disaster.  Let's not forget about the idiot parents who take their little kids here and let them run around screaming and yelling.  That is always nice in a park full of dogs that are already at extreme high energy levels.The park itself is nice and pretty clean.  It can be very congested at times.  I guess if you don't care about the safety of your dogs or stupid people, this place is cool.  I won't ever take my dogs back here.  Too many idiots and unstable dogs running around.
5	This is a great dog park.  Plenty of grass to run around on, and there is always a good crowd to play with.  And drinking fountains and places to sit.  The majority of the dogs are nice, but there are a few Scottsdale poodles who think they are the shit and their owners just ignore their bad behavior.  I just stick my gum in their curly hair and go on with my day.The best part of the park is when I get home and the dog takes a nice long nap, and I can do chores in peace.
4	Ringo is a tri color beagle. Ringo loves the dog park. There are so many dogs at chaparral he can run around with. The park is really nice, a big wide open space and is kept pretty clean. They have an active dog area and a passive dog area. We start in the active dog area and Ringo can run and get all his goons out, then we opt for a nice cool down in the passive area. Ringo likes to sniff small dogs. During really busy times when there are a lot of dogs Ringo can get intimidated and has trouble finding a crew to fit in with.
4	Bella and I love this dog park! Lots of space and the doggie mommies and daddies are pretty good about watching and cleaning up after their kids...The only thing I wish were different is there is ONE water fountain in the section we use. Needless to say, it's a hotspot and not the most tidy area in the park. I just hope all the kids have their shots because it gets pretty gross when you have 2-3 dogs lapping up water at the same time. LOL!Plenty of shaded seating for parents, and plenty of shade for the pups when they tire themselves out. And the beauty of it? Your dog will never behave better than after a trip to the dog park, especially if he/she is the hyper type, like my Bella is. A tired dog is a good dog! Definitely go here!
4	I was never a fan of dog parks, as all my dogs have been pit bulls. It's not that I was worried about them starting a fight. I was worried about them finishing it.But I've been to this park several times with my fiance's golden retriever, and it's a great park. There are plenty of pit bulls and other bully breeds there for me to love, and they seem to do just fine. It's all about the guardians knowing their dogs.The golden, sorry to say, is more interested in mooching up to the humans than running off some of his excess baggage. But that's another story...
4	This park is always a pleasant experience.  Honey and I like to drop by the dog park and then take a walk and make a big loop around the lake.  It isn't the greenest park in Phoenix by any stretch of the imagination, but it does offer a pretty nice view and lots of space to enjoy the outdoors.
5	Me and my dog, Rex love this park!The dogs are as varied as the owners, people watching is pretty great.I have had some problems with the people who dont seem to know the difference between a 'passive' dog and an 'acitve' dog.uh...hey lady...your little sh*t dog that weighs around 3.5 lbs...does NOT belong in the active dog park.I dont care that it runs around your feet at your home while you fix yourself a martini, ok? Its not active, its what I like to call...useless.If you would just look at the seperate areas, you would see that the Passive area is full of dogs like yours...you know, little sh*t dogs. As opposed to the Active area where large breed dogs reign. Soooooo, dont you dare yell at me about how my 95 lb Rottie/Chow is about to eat your little white dog. He really isnt, although I wouldnt mind if your dog happened to vanish.I cant help it if your little dog is yapping in my dogs face, which by the way, you do nothing about, why? Cause its cute? WRONG. Because yapping is not annoying at all.Anyway, in the end.People are stupid about their dogs, and if youre cool like me, you can come here and watch those stupid people talk on their cell phones, not pick up their dogs waste and basically ignore their dogs.Parting Question: WHO WEARS FLIP FLOPS TO A DOG PARK?!?!?!! (lotsa people!)
5	Rosie, Dakota, and I LOVE Chaparral Dog Park!!! It's very convenient and surrounded by a lot of paths, a desert xeriscape, baseball fields, ballparks, and a lake with ducks.The Scottsdale Park and Rec Dept. does a wonderful job of keeping the park clean and shaded.  You can find trash cans and poopy-pick up mitts located all over the park and paths.The fenced in area is huge to let the dogs run, play, and sniff!
5	Myself, my wife and our dog love this place. Fun to get out and see people and their pets having fun. What's interesting is people watching to see how much the pets match their people :)It'd be great if more people there would participate in picking up what their animals leave, but sometimes laziness does over take them and we end up doing it.Our dog loves to run and play with the others and from time to time she airs her issues, but other than that it's a wonderful place to get out and enjoy the grass and be around people. Great place, highly recommended. Please police your animal droppings!Mike
3	It's a nice park for dogs to socialize. My only complaint is the dog owners. They don't know the difference of passive and active. They have a huge aggressive great dane, and put them in "passive" area. I have a small dog  and instead of letting him play, I'm stressed out that these dogs are going to bite him. I try to pick him up and "The owner is like oh she is  just interested because your carrying him."  Mean time the 120 lb muddy dog is jumping  on me trying to get him. Maybe instead of passive or active, it should be small or big breeds.
5	6/30/10 Update: PEOPLE...LEAVE YOUR TOTS AT HOME!!!!! This is a DOG park and it is not safe for your baby to be toddling amongst  active dogs who could easily kill your child just by knocking it over. I saw a MORON father and his tiny tot at the park today allowing his baby to be within inches of active, aggressive dogs. Just because you have a pit bull doesn't mean your child is safe around a bunch of other dogs. We bring our dogs to these places to be dogs and not to worry that your baby is going to get mauled or run down.... Living north of Jomax makes this park a bit of a drive but worth it. I tried Horizon dog park which is a swampy mess and with a single area I have had to deal with clueless owners who are too busy juggling their lattes to control their agressive pooches. I have three dogs, all rescues, who range in size from 15 to 60 pounds. I LOVE that the people who created Chaparral were smart enough to segregate dogs by temperment and NOT size. My dogs are all well behaved and fairly mellow. I hate going to parks where I can't have them together or I have to put them in with the "large" breeds and worry that they are going to get attacked by an agressive dog. My biggest beef about this dog park, and all dog parks, is that people bring their dogs and then check out mentally. Guess what? Just because you are at an off leash area does not mean that you reliquish the responsibilty of ensuring that your dog is behaving approriately. I see owners allow their dogs to act in an agressive, dominant or otherwise negative manner with no correction whatsoever. The dog park as a great way to train one's dogs to behave when not tethered by a lead.
5	My dog Harley is a 20 pound cockapoo and has a lot of energy. So, I've been an ongoing frequenter to the Chaparral Dog Park. It's an awesome park and I'm so happy it's close enough for me to visit. Harley is the dog who tries to become friends with every dog in the park. Some accept the friendship and some snub him. I can't help but feel bad for him when he gets snubbed. But, regardless of friend or foe, I've never had a scary dog encounter with Harley at the park. The park has two sides, one for smaller dogs and one for "active" dogs. If you have a dog that's under 15 pounds, don't even try to go into the active dog area. Both sides are great and during the nice weather, they are full of dogs for your pup to play with. The park has a some shaded areas to sit while your dog plays and some water areas for your dog to cool off and have a drink. It's a spacious area so I rarely feel cramped, even on the crowded days. I've always been pleasantly pleased to see how friendly the other dog owners are and like I said, the dogs who visit are well-mannered and not aggressive. So in summary, both Harley and I are fans of the dog park...but I think Harley might have more fun than me.
4	I'd imagine if I were a dog, this dog park would be like the Disneyland of Dog Parks. They have tons of toys and even pools and water for the dogs to play in when it's getting hot. Public balls and tug toys are scattered about. There are two giant sides, one for active dogs and one for passive dogs. Etiquette here is good. I've never had a problem with another dog or owner here. That being said, it's just like Disneyland and almost always very crowded. This could be good or bad. I have two dogs, one who gets overwhelmed by crowded places and one who loves the excitement of it. Really it just depends on your dogs personality and what he/she likes. Also be prepared to see lots of Scottsdale moms with their fluffy dogs in bows and dresses. It's kind of like the Hollywood strip of dog parks.
4	If Apollo, my giant great dane Horse Dog, could talk... he would tell you that trips to this dog park make him giddy with excitement. All I have to do is mention the two words "Dog Park" and he runs to the front door with anticipation.But since he can't talk, I'll speak for him and tell you that this is the best dog park I've found so far in AZ. Nice people, plenty of room for my dog to "horse around"and it's separated into active and passive dog areas - just so all the doggies can play fairly.Of course, there are the occasional owners/dogs that are anti-social and shouldn't go to places like this but it's pretty easy to steer clear of those types since the park is well-sized. There a decent amount of benches to sit on, a great watering hole for the doggies to take a breather and grab a cool drink and a good amount of shade for those hot AZ afternoons. I also have to note that there are so many friendly dogs and owners that come here, my Apollo always finds a doggie friend to play with.  Overall, if you have a dog and you live in the Scottsdale area, then you've got to give this park a try, Horse Dog recommends it!
4	In my continued quest to find a good dog park that is relatively close to home I was lucky enough to visit Chaparral Park.  So far, this park is the best I've been to in Phoenix.Chaparral Park is what happens when you take everything you could do right with a dog park and lump it all together.  I'm a huge fan of splitting the dogs by active and passive.  It's genius.The grass is great and there's just enough shade for comfort.  The sand area is great for tired dogs to cool off in.My mutt can be a little bit of a snob sometimes, but I've been very impressed with how much he runs around at the park.  All the dogs and owners that I've encountered are very friendly, and not pretentious at all.  It's a good environment, far better than any I had while living in Tucson.I've only visited on the weekend during the day.  The park was busy, with a nice mix of dogs.  I'm going to give the evening a shot tonight to see how it is.This would be a 5 star review if I didn't have to drive 20 minutes to get there, but rest assured I'll be making that drive frequently.  Chaparral Park is dandy.
4	My dog, Peekaboo loves going to this dog park! All I have to say is "Dog park?" and grab my keys and Peekaboo runs to the door with her tail wagging frantically. I like the way the park is divided into a "passive dog"side and an "active dog" side. Be advised, though that doesn't mean "little dog" - "big dog", so you might see several big dogs in the passive area. As long as those big dogs are truly passive and don't bark or attack when my little dog runs up to them to play, I'm okay (and glad Peekaboo and I haven't personally experienced that). Unfortunately, I have heard owners of aggressive dogs on the passive side say their dog "is just playing" when their dog growls and barks at other dogs. It's that "just playing" behavior that tends to freak some of the really passive dogs out (and makes their owners angry); and time for the agressive dog owners to get their dogs the heck out of the passive side so we  truly passive dog owners can have a more enjoyable experience.I have only seen this happen a few times out of the may times I have gone to the park. So Chaparral gets a 4.5 rating from me. It would get a 5 if the park had more seating and shade.Kids: I love kids, but feel they shouldn't be allowed to scream and yell while at the park or run around with the dogs. I say this because I have been there when this happens and witnessed how some of the dogs react. Some dogs bark as a result of the noise and others try to bite or chase the kids. So, for the safety of your children, parents, no matter how much fun your child is having, or how cute you think he/she looks please be aware of your surroundings and supervise your children.
2	I seem to be the only person in the Valley that does not love this dog park. I liked it better before it was "improved". There was more space for dogs to run and spread out. Now the park is carved up into smaller sections and very crowded. I have seen more dog fights here than in any dog park in the Valley.I think the real problem here is the people. The same people who illegally park their rented BMWs in handicapped spots at Fashion Square bring there pit bulls and accessory dogs here and are completely oblivious when they get aggressive/go to the bathroom. I actually saw a woman put her four year old in the park then go back to her car to get her dog. Of course all the other dogs surrounded the little guy, who was terrified. The woman had the nerve to come back to the park and yell at the people standing around for not watching her kid. (I was far enough away that she was back before I could walk across the park, but trust me, it was one of the 'What would you do?' scenarios) There also seem to be a lot of professional dog sitters who bring 5 or 6 dogs to the park and then "pretend" not to notice when the dog squats.Long story short - in a pinch I'll go there if it's empty but I leave once the Ed Hardy crowd comes in.
5	So far, this is the nicest dog park I have been to, after trying most of the parks in the metro PHX area. I hear Cosmo dog park is like doggie Disneyland, but I haven't made it out to Gilbert to check.Chaparral Dog Park is a very nice facility, and it is very well cared for. A tip of the hat to the park staff, who work very hard, and take pride in doing a great job taking care of man's best friends favorite spot. I think that for dogs, this place is the canine version of a coffee shop, where they can hang with their peers, and burn off steam.There are three dog areas at this park, with one always closed for maintenance. There is an area for 'active' (AKA Big) dogs and one for inactive (that's not what they call it, I just can't remember- sorry) dogs.The grass is very green, and in great shape. There are lots of things for dogs to do, regardless of if they like to run like maniacs, or just chill and (literally) stop and smell the flowers. For the two-legged customers, there are a few benches, and even shade structures where you can relax.The grounds are kept very, very nice, and it is rare to see doggie pooh, and what is on the ground is the fault of lazy dog parents- it isn't a reflection of the park or care.One word of caution, keep an eye out for the occasional aggressive dog. Mostly the patrons here do a good job of self-policing, but at times there are dogs that should NOT be in a dog park environment, and should be at home, plotting to take over the world. With that, sometimes people micromanage their dogs, and stop them from doing doggie behavior. On a recent visit, I saw three clueless pet parents mistakingly stopping their dogs from playing and bumping into each other. To the initiated, the dogs were clearly just playing, with tons of give and take, play bows, etc. Much like kids, sometimes you need to just let them work it out amongst themselves.
1	Went on a late Tuesday afternoon. I can't imagine what this place looks like on a weekend.Wouldn't it make more sense to make one side for small dogs, and the other for larger dogs? If there was a scuffle, it wouldn't be a possible death sentence? Or if the larger dogs do run a little bit, my dog wouldn't get trampled and possibly break its leg? That is my one major complaint.  If you are on the passive side, why would you bring a ball and thrower, and have a 150 pound dog. That worries me a little and doesn't really suggest a passive dog. One bad jump, or one bite, and my dog is dead or seriously injured. Also, why are the people so.... rude and unwelcoming? I felt like I was in grade school getting picked last for kickball. No, i am not from Scottsdale. I didn't bring Poopsie or a gigantic shiz wagon that drags me along by it's leash. I'm the new girl...oooooh.I literally had one lady come up to me, stare, then say "Are those dogs with you?" I say yes, she stares some more and then walks away. ???I just stood there feeling like an a-hole.If I seen some girl come walking in with cute little dogs I would at least come up and BE FRIENDLY.Yes it's large and somewhat clean, especially considering the sheer numbers of dogs there (some 4 to 1 person).  If you like crowds, then this is for you. I'm just not into being treated like a leper. Being around 25 dogs, and 12 snotty people that don't pay attention and use it as their social hour. The only thing this place is missing is a martini bar.
5	A little glimpse of doggy heaven!  I'm lucky that I didn't have to search too far to find the best dog park in town.  Chaparral dog park is very clean," most" owners follow the rules and most importantly my puppies go home exhausted.  I have two poodle puppies, and while they one may think he's a Great Dane, he definitely benefits from the passive dog area.   At this dog park, passive basically translates to small dog.  It's really nice because my lil angels (or hellions as my Hottie would say) can play like the big dogs do and not get trampled.   The park is equipped with waste bags and drinking fountains for the pups inside and right outside the park.   The passive area is primarily just grass and benches, but there is a fun (for them) little sand area with boulders that they like to chase either other through.   The middle dog area has some really cool obstacle courses, which I catch my little Stella staring at through the fence in admiration... maybe someday little one!  If you have a friendly dog, come out and play... just keep close and pick up after them when they leave you a present ;-)
5	I love, love, love this dog park (and so does my Great Dane, Charlie).  It's beautifully maintained, clean, and welcoming to dogs of all sizes (which is good since my dog weighs more than I do).  It's easily accessible, right on the greenbelt, and offers a place where your dogs can run free and socialize, without having to worry about them running into traffic.  It's also a GREAT place for people to socialize as they wait for their pups to tucker themselves out.  There are lots of shady benches to meet and great other dog lovers.  The best part - It's completely FREE!  I definitely give Chaparral Dog Park 5 stars.
1	I have been going to dog parks for over ten years.  My five year old daughter was literally standing next to me, not on the ground interacting with any dogs, did not have a toy in her hand, had no treats and was attacked by a boxer/pit mix.  She received many stitches to her face.  The owner made no attempt to help us.
4	Besides the occasional humper or the rare aggressors, I adore this park. It's a clean area, with a big enough space for the dogs to run and play, without being on top of one another (to the humper's disapproval). The areas are clearly marked for "passive" versus "active" dogs and for the most part, people seem to follow suit.  I have a small chihuahua and never have had any issues with fights or anything, but I would probably be more inclined to reprimand the owner, before I do the dog.
4	I really like this dog park. It is divided by active and passive energy level (not necessarily big or small) and there are activities in each section like cement tubes to walk through or climb on top of and sand boxes to dig in, and the water fountains are neat too. Some great features of this park are the double gates for safety so you can't accidentally let somebodies dog out, and the night lights so you can go at night when it is cooler in the summer months. The park also has benches throughout for people to sit on and watch the dogs run around. The park is nicely manicured and has nice green grass year round.  I have seen a few dog fights but the police are quick to come and put people in their place if somebody calls them about an aggressive dog. :)
4	We have tried various dog parks in PHX and found this to be the best.  The dogs are separated into active and passive and the place is always well maintained and will be shut if there has been heavy rain or anything to let the place recover.  The pet parents are generally nice - although it can get a little cliquey.  The dogs are generally well behaved and if they is a problem it is sorted out quickly.  Our dog loves going there and we have gotten into the habit of going every day - she needs to run to get that burst of energy out every day - even taking her on 3-4 mile walks every night does not have the same effect.  She can be found guarding the sand-pit most nights !
5	I have been to my fair share of dog parks in every part of the valley, and I have to say that this one tops them all. It has two active dog areas and one passive dog area. They have agility equipment for the dogs to work on as well as a sand pit to play in. It is very large with lots of benches to sit and water fountains to stay hydrated. The best part about this park is the shade! The have large mature trees that provide tons of shade to stay out of the Arizona sun. A+ from my and my two pups!
5	This is a very clean and friendly dog park, that always has lots of dogs running around. It is a great place to take your dog for some excercise and playtime.
4	Dog parks are funny places, and this one is no exception. Physically it seemed well cared for and much better than some of the other small dog parks around town. I am sure I will go back.
5	I've been here several times now with our new pooch and had a positive experience each time. I've also tried the dog park at Horizon Park, and Chaparral blows that out of the water. I have a Brittany, we've visited both the passive and active dog areas without any problems. We love the grass and landscaping  and it is very well maintained and clean (not dusty like Horizon). I also appreciate the shaded seats for the parents. Several people have said in their reviews that the people are cliquey and rude. I have not had that experience at all. It's a dog park for goodness sake, not high school.
4	What a great place.  Easy Parking.There's plenty of room to run.There are fun obstacles to play around.The drinking fountains are built low to the ground for easy access.There's even lil' sanitation stations to pick up Poo from the lawn.I like this place so much... sometimes I even take my dog there.
5	First timers to this park on an early Sunday morning. Me, my bf, and our 2 old English bulldogs had a great experience. You can choose between the active or passive dog park. We choose active but also decided to keep our dogs on leash being our first time and all. We were immediately greeted by a woman and her 2 boxers, very friendly. We walked the perimeter of the park to get our dogs use to being around other dogs and talked to several people along the way. We did have a small incident when a dog snapped at our dog but no harm, no foul. Looking forward to bringing the dogs here again!
4	This is a great place to walk your dog.  I bring our dogs here to enjoy the outdoors and run around.  Easy parking and plenty of space for the doggies to have a good time.  What more could you ask for?Return Factor - 90%
5	This is the best dog park I've been to in Arizona!   There are multiple fenced in areas for passive and aggressive dogs, and everything is very well maintained.  I also love that it is just down the street from a lake to combine the dog park outing with a nice walk.
5	Best Dog Park in the Scottsdale/Phoenix area!!
4	We brought our newly rescued puppy to this park on a Saturday night and it was a great experience.  She wasn't too keen on getting down and running around but the other dogs were super friendly and came up to be petted/check out the new dog. The owners were great too - very friendly and understanding about our shy new puppy.  Even though this is 20 -25 minutes from us, we will be going back regularly!  Very well maintained and great experience!
4	We have started bringing our dog here almost daily and have had nothing but good experiences so far. The grounds themselves are very well kept. There is a 'passive' dog area and an 'active' area. Translation--little dog and big dog sections. There are doggie level drinking fountains (some are at people level too!), agility obstacles and shaded areas speckling each enclosed park. The people that bring their dogs here seem to overall be very responsible and aware of what is going on. We haven't had any problems and look forward to returning...nothing wears our pup out like a trip to doggie Disneyland!
5	My dog Gavin loves to go to this dog park.  The off leash areas are large, clean, well maintained and comfortable.  There is plenty of plant life (bushes and trees) for the dogs to enjoy and a large open turf for them to run and play.  The park features play areas with things for the dogs to climb on and play around along with water fountains for the dogs. They provide plastic bags and trash cans all over the park to make cleaning up after your dog easy. The park is divided into "active" and "passive" areas based on the dog's demeanor and play habits. Some people think this should be divided by big dog and small dog but I find this works perfectly fine.  In fact, my small dog often likes to play with the bigger dogs and some of the bigger dogs brought into the passive area would not do so well in the active area. It's all about knowing your dog. I have found most of the people here to be very friendly and look after their dogs. I have met many fellow dog lovers and my dog has made several new play pals here. Problems?  Yes, I have seen a few dog fights but very few and the owners jumped in right away.  It seems any problems are really not with the dogs it is usually a matter of the dog owner not really understanding dog nature.  The truth is when it comes to dogs, people need to be trained and the dog will do just fine.  Gavin and I love this park and will continue to make it a part of our routine.
5	The Dog Park at Chaparral Park is AWESOME!  It is so well maintained, spacious and clean.  There are actually 3 areas.  One is for active dogs, one is for passive dogs and the third area is always closed for regrowth, and they rotate.  I love this because we can always count on grass.  Our day's of going to dead-grass and dirt dog parks are OVER!  The park is safe and well appointed with water fountains and play areas for the dogs.  There are shaded areas and plenty of places to sit and visit with other dog owners.  There are plenty of garbage cans and clean-up bags and dog run type entrance and exit gates to prevent escapes.  And, the park is big so you can run your dog's energy gauge down to EMPTY!Most owners take responsibility for their dogs so we don't have to worry too much about fights, ball thieves or wild horn-dogs.  The people that frequent the dog park are all great people.  Its a great place to get outside and socialize with the neighbors!So, leash up, grab the Kong ball and your pooch and come on out to the dog park!
4	My dog Riley offered to write this review, but she doesn't have thumbs. I'll interpret her barks for you all.Riley- "bark bark baaaaaark woof".Translation- I love this park! Riley- "woof howwwwwwlllll woof bark."Translation- The dogs here are soooo nice!Riley- "bark ruff ruff woof."Translation- I love all the space to play and the water fountains. There's even bushes for me to sit in the shade. Sometimes I like to hang out in the Active Dogs side when I want to run around and play, and I can go to the Passive Dogs side when I'm feeling mellow. Dog speak is a complicated language.
5	This dog park has alot to offer. It's large and spacious with 2 gated sections -one for  "active" dogs, where I see larger pooches,  and one for passive dogs where I see smaller dogs, but some larger ones too.  it's clean, well kept, and inviting. Also a really great place to meet fellow loving dog owners. Even if you just want to walk your dog, there's a nice walking path and desert garden area. I never have an issue with parking either. Just a very pleasant way to spend some quality time with your furry friends.Tip- make sure to clean up after your pet, or you might get mauled by a group of angry pet parents!
5	This dog park is AWESOME. I use to take my gentle giant, Spartacus, to the Steele Indian School Park, but it wasn't very well lit and it was divided by big dogs and small dogs and he never really felt at home in the big dogs section.I LOVE Chaparral Dog Park because Spartacus can go in the "Passive Dogs" area and he isn't mobbed at the gate by over-active dogs. He can take his time watching the other dogs and get a feel for the dynamic of the group before he starts to play. My guy is pretty shy at first, so this is really importanht for him.All of the pet parents are SO friendly and will come up and talk to you about your dog all the time. There are a lot of regulars here that I am getting to know as I have been going 2-3 times a week to get Spartacus' energy out.This park is extremely well lit, which is great for me because I'm usually there in the evenings after it's already getting dark. It's also huge so you never feel like you're too crowded.My only tip is that if you have a dog that's new to dog parks / not use to socializing, don't go on a weekend - go on an off hour when it's not as crowded to see how they do.The only tips I can offer is if you're going into the passive dog area, don't let your dog hump/try-to-dominate other dogs, keep an eye on your dog, clean up after your pooch, and always close the gate and make sure other dogs aren't in the gated area when you're coming and going. Last week someone left a gate open and a little dog darted out into traffic and was killed by a car. :( PLEASE, leave the gates closed for all of us!
5	The best dog park I've ever visited, hands down. Thanks to Yelp again for the reviews on this spot, because I tried it out months ago based on the positive responses and have been back countless times with my pup since. I've been to a few parks in Phoenix, but this by far is the nicest, cleanest and most dog friendly of all parks. I visit the non-active section with my pup and it's very spacious and always filled with happy dogs and dog owners who want to get their dogs to socialize and run off energy. For the most part, the dogs are well behaved. I've never seen an incident occur with any of the dogs. I can only speak for the non active section of the park, so incidents may have occurred at the more larger active section where the bigger dogs play. The dogs in this section tend to be under 30 pounds, smaller and active or older. There is a water fountain and lots of bags to clean up. The grounds are clean, so I think the owners do a great Job with cleaning after their pups. I love that this park, even the non active section is pretty large and for the most part it never gets too crowded or overwhelming. My pup loves it here and after about 2 hours he is super tired and ready to nap, which means I can have a quiet evening.
5	This place is the BEES KNEES.  Always easy to park, even on the busiest of weekends.  The dog park area is HUGE!  I believe this is one of the biggest in the valley.  They separate sides by active and passive dogs.  This can sometimes be confusing because when you actually get there its generally big dogs on one side and small dogs on the other.  I bring my little guy on both sides, but he seems to have more fun on the passive side.  Everyone here is very friendly, and as you can see by my check-ins, I have been here quite a bit.  Never once have I seen a serious situation.  The only advice I can give to people coming here:  Let the dogs work it out! Don't constantly hover over your puppy protecting it from the other ones in the park.  Let it do its thing and don't be afraid when it starts to play with the other dogs!
4	So....This place is great. I take our Yorkie as well as my parents 4 year old Cocker Spaniel from time to time and try to go to the park at least 4+ times a month. Although we know we should take him more, we live in Central Phoenix, and its a good 20 minute drive. However, the 20 minute drive is WELL WORTH the satisfaction we get  with yet another great Scottsdale park. This park has a lot of room compared to other dog parks, but its main calling card is this: DOGS ARE ALWAYS HERE! Unless you come there when its 120 out, people bring their dogs here. And these dogs, they aren't bad ones for the most part. We always go to the "Passive" side, which makes sense considering we have a very social little Yorkie and an at times aloof Cocker. They love the interaction and there is just enough space to make them feel like they are at an animal preserve. The dogs are well behaved and all the owners we talk to are pleasant and share the same interests we do in dogs. We always seem to get pleasant convo, along with our dogs whom at this point start barking in joy as we turn in to the parking lot. I did recently bring a dog we're sitting over to the "Active" side, and it is a major difference. We are watching after a hulkiish 9 month old puppy, who is rambunctious as could be. Needless to say, he fit in pretty well. I'll definitely bring him back, he enjoyed it, but for the most part, each dog is much bigger, faster and aggressive than the more passive side, as is expected. He is very submissive to the older, stronger dogs, which threw me off for a bit. If your dog is like this, please do expect at least one or two dogs to get a bit rowdy with yours on this side. We love this park, and unless a much better option pops up in our vicinity in the near future (doubt it) we will only take our dogs to this park* Btw, as far as my rating goes, this is the best park I have been to, although with a couple changes it could be the best park (and more!). I must like 4 stars, as I seem to only dole out 4 star reviews, save for a few. This is a good park, but there are always bits and pieces they could add or change up. Oh well, just a random observation.
3	Let me preface my 3-star rating with that fact that I think this is a really great park, but it's not the first choice for me because of one reason - how the areas are separated. Instead of have a little dog and big dog section, there is a passive and active area. This can be somewhat confusing for a little dog owner (10 lb), like myself. My dog is active, but I don't want him getting ran over by 70 lb dogs trying to fetch a ball. Otherwise, there are some nice features. There is water available, lots of room to run around, a sand pit, some small trees and nice lighting at night time. There are three areas, but one is always closed for maintenance. This means there will always be two areas, which is great. Overall, still a good place to take you pet to relieve some excess energy.
2	I have been going here for years. It is nice but poorly managed !!  There is a 2 dog rule and people bring 3-5 dogs to one person.  They do NOTHING about the aggressive dogs that attack other dogs there !  People do not pick up their dog waste which can contribute to your dog getting sick.  There are rules at this park clearly posted but they are NOT followed and the People running that dog park DONT ENFORCE the rules. They could care less.
4	This place is very cool as long as you are actively watching your dog.  You need to be careful because some people are clueless.  My first time there, one guy's husky jumped on me.  I'm 5' 3", I pushed the dog off and there was no correction from the owner.  He stood there and just let it happen- not even an "I'm sorry."  Beware, some owners lack dog park ettiquette.  Be watchful and your experience will be great!
4	Great park! The owners here are attentive and I've never had an issue at this park (*fingers crossed that this never changes*) The active dog area is great but definitely needs more frequent maintenance. My last few visits it was mostly just dirt left. Chaparral Park is beautiful if you decide to go for a walk/job around the little lake. Good place to go!
5	My favorite dog park in the valley. Lots of great owners and dogs. Let's start with just getting to the park. I've never seen the parking lot full even on the busiest of weekends when softball games are going. So great parking. The park has 3 different areas. 1 area is always closed to regrow grass which is nice. There is an active area and a passive area. Entrances are double gated and also have separate gates for if you are leaving or coming inside. Once you are inside the grounds are maintained pretty well. I've seen a few times that mud puddles have started from over watering but that is very very rare. Each area has its own little play area. One has a small selection of agility training objects. 1 has a series of tubes that your dog can jump up and go through the tubes and the last area has a series of boulders to jump on. Dog owners are attentive and pick up after their pets. Although you will see the occasional poop in the grass. So watch your step! Also on the active side I've been happy to see some knowledgeable dog owners who know the difference between play fighting and an actual dog fight. My dog is the most playful dog I've ever seen and enjoys doggy boxing leading to a game of chase. The only negative thing about the park is the water fountain. Water pressure is horrible and also there is only 1 fountain in each area. On nights and weekends when it is super busy there is a giant crowd of dogs trying to get some water.
5	Bernard, my French Bulldog loves it here and so do I!
2	Great Park, but it's getting a 2 star rating due to uncleanliness! It smells really bad & people don't pick up after their pets & there is a lot of poop around the park. My dog had fun, just couldn't stay too long because the smell seriously made me sick. I've been to many dog parks around the U.S. & this is the worst smelling one.
5	This is an AWESOME place. Wish we had something as good here in San DiegoWe stayed at a hotel about 2 miles away.  This place was easy to find, easy/free parking, great large areas, lighting for night time, nice people and nice dogs.  Water fountains in several areas.There was grass - not the typical dirt we see here in San Diego.  Great place and we will be back. Highly recommended.
5	This is definitely my favorite dog park I've found in the area.  It has two big areas, one for passive dogs and one for active dogs.  Both have tons of room for the dogs to run around and water fountains so you don't need to worry about bringing dishes and your own water.  The area is well maintained and surprisingly clean for a dog park as well.  It's mostly grass with some areas being a sort of sand mixture.  I took my dog on a day it was lightly raining and he wasn't completely covered in mud, something I very much appreciated.  The other dog owners were also very friendly and their dogs were well behaved.  I know that that doesn't really have anything to do with the location but I enjoyed that aspect as well.  This park is a little out of the way for me but I'm willing to make the drive just because of how much I (and my pooch) liked it.
5	Best way to exercise a friendly dog.  Whether they are shy or outgoing, there is a place for them.  Great way to meet new people.
4	This is one of the best dog parks in the area. I live in Phoenix and drive to this one. It has three different fenced areas. Usually one two are open at a time so there is one for the big dogs and one for the small dogs. I have two small dogs so it is nice to know that my dogs can play with other dogs their size. Most of the time the people are friendly and social. The reason I gave it only 4 stars is because there are those people that will bring their big dogs in with their smaller dogs because they think their big dog is ok with the little ones. There have been instance where the big dogs have bullied the little ones and have made others mad. I also love that this place is very populated most of the time. I usually like to go around 8pm because that's when other start to bring their dogs. It is huge and equipped with a sand area so my dogs always find something to do.
4	The pens are pretty big for both active (large) dogs and smaller ones. I've taken both size dogs here and they enjoyed it, especially as pups. There's plenty of space to run, and obstacles to use in play (such as chase).. There is not a ton of shade or places for humans to sit, but overall I'd say this is a pretty decent dog park. Most people try to be responsible there too. Parking is not always ideal.
4	I like this dog park. The couple of times that I have gone - every single pet and pet owner have been friendly. It is very big so there is a lot of room for my pups to run like wild with the other dogs. They even have a water station for the dogs too (which is better than some dog parks having non at all, what is up with that?!). My only issue here is that some pet owners do not clean up after their dogs have just pooped, so just be careful where you step and I recommend you do not wear sandals if you catch my drift. :)
5	Love this place! They have 3 different fenced in areas to take your dog, usually theres big dogs in one area and smaller ones in another. Everytime I've gone there are always friendly people and kids playing with some of the dogs too haha. There are dog fountains outside of the park, and is actually maintained pretty well! Theres plenty of room to play fetch and even little obstacle course type area in the back parts
5	Best dog park in az
5	I take my dogs and clients dogs here all the time... I am there at least 5 times a week and have never had any trouble with aggressive dogs. Grass is green and people tend to be really good and picking up their animals poop. . . Sometimes some don't though, but that's usually never an issue. The people are very friendly and social.
4	I really like this dog park as there is a passive dog section and larger, active dog section. The grass is green, they have water fountains, benches and an obstacle course. People are good about cleaning up after their pets, baggies are provided. My only issue is the lack of shade. I think the city should plant more trees and provide a shady haven for our sweet buddies - especially in this heat!
2	New to the area and decided to try this park based on the reviews. Chapparal Park itself is really nice, and I recommend skipping the dog park portion and just walking your dog through the rest of the park. The "active dog" section is too small - maybe an acre and 1/2 for each of the "active" and "passive" dog areas. The active dog area  was overcrowded and smelled strongly of urine, which is what you're going to get with such a small space. My dogs are vaccinated, but I'm still concerned about health risks from the crowded, unsanitary conditions. There was a good size puddle that several dogs used to relieve themselves in, then other dogs that were playing a game of chase ran right through it. It's obvious that the city works really hard to maintain this space the best they can and the grass was in decent shape, but it you're used to larger parks where your dog can really run and you can walk, you'll be disappointed. Overall, didn't have any trouble with other dogs while we were there and the people seemed friendly enough.
4	Great place to let the dogs blow off some steam.  Huge park with separate places for active and passive dogs.  Will definitely be taking them back here now that the weather has gotten a little better.
5	It's across the street from my house. I love it. I take my daughter there with me, she loves seeing all the dogs. :) Great spot.
4	We like this dog park. I am afraid we like it more than our timid dog. We give it credit for socializing our previous dog. Parking is almost always easily available. Seating is frequently a problem, particularly if you want shade. Although there are some dog water fountains, they are not easy to use and our dog can't figure them out. We bring water and share  with other dogs. If you visit about the same time every day you get to know other dogs and their  owners. The park is well maintained considering its heavy use.
5	Lots of space for the dogs to run and grass is usually well maintained...
5	This was out first time bringing out first dog as a couple to a park. We were so nervous! Milly is a bolted and hasn't quite learned her manners/cues yet so its really intimidating to bring a dog like that in a public area. There are double doors and high fences so this was clearly thought through. Milly had a great time! They provide poo bags which is nice but make sure you watch your step - not all puppy parents care to pick up their poo. They have plenty of balls and toys to play with as well as some watering spots which was fun. I can't wait to bring her back here to get rid of her energy!
5	Great dog park! Well maintained. Used to be a dirt lot, but the citizens of Scottsdale took up the cause and the city takes better care of the place.Always nice and friendly people/owners. My dog, a 10 pound Morkie, has never been attacked or mounted. Just to be clear, I also have never been attacked or mounted here as well.Water fountains for the dogs, poopy bag dispensers, double-entrance gates, well-lit, adjacent to a baseball field, and a short walk nearby is a small botanical garden.Great place. Great outdoor atmosphere. Open late also!
5	Dogs. They're better than cats. Dogs are so great that cities designate parks specifically for them. Of said parks, Chaparral is easily the best I've seen. The feature I like most is the way they separate the dogs. One enclosure is for Passive dogs and the other is for Active. Some other parks I've visited had dogs separated by Large and Small. The size separation method never worked well for my boxer because... he's Passive and uncomfortable around other big dogs if they're too Active. At Chaparral, that problem is solved.I've visited the park a couple of times and it's always been clean, there's a water station, plenty of parking and potty bags. The other dog parents are generally friendly as well. Although, there's always that one person that seems to not want the dogs to come near them... Do they only like their dog? I only like my kid... so I could understand that. Do they think they're at the "regular park" and it just so happens everyone else brought their dogs? I don't know. Here's what I do know. You can't go wrong with Chaparral Dog Park. Dogs... they're great. A wise person once said... if you put your dog and your significant other in the trunk of your car... then come back in an hour... who will be happy to see you?
5	This place is the Ritz of dog parks!  It's huge and beautiful, with separate sections for active and quiet dogs, a water station, stuff to play in, the works!  It's so roomy, with lots of lights and lots of people at most times of the day (without ever feeling crowded).
4	Chaparral Dog Park is a great off-leash area in Chaparral Park.  Just off Hayden, there is plenty of free parking, and accessible by the bike paths as well.  There are two fenced areas, one for smaller and less-active dogs, and another for large and more active dogs.  Both areas have plenty of room for the dogs to run and play.  Whenever we visit Scottsdale, we love taking our dogs here - they are always very happy (and tired!) when they leave!
5	This dog park is AMAZING. I just started taking my little guy here a few weeks ago and have no complaints. It is a little bit out of the way for me, but it is so worth it. All of the dog owners are very attentive to their dogs and I have yet to see a dog fight. There is lots of space and the grass and trees look well tended to. I also like that you can come at any time of day and you are guaranteed to find other dogs here. It is always disappointing at other dog parks when I have to take my dog to the park at an odd hour of the day because of my work schedule and he has nobody to play with when we get there. I would recommend bringing your own water bowls because there are lot of water fixtures but they aren't the greatest and since the park is so big they are kind of out of the way in the corner. People are usually nice and let you use their water bowls, but I feel bad. I would recommend this park to anyone. Even if it is out of your way I would make the extra drive. It is by far THE BEST dog park I've been to.
5	Having a small dogs it's comforting to know they can be off the leash with other small dogs in an open cage area. :)
5	This dog park is the best! Huge open spaces for passive dogs and active dogs. There are water fountains for people and pets outside the fenced areas and more dog fountains inside. Plenty of benches and seating too. Well maintained facility and the best place to socialize your dogs. I've seen everything from dachshunds and Great Danes playing together here :)
3	There's plenty of space but the trampled dry grass always ends up a mess in my dogs hair. Also, people don't mind their dogs very well and allow their aggressive dogs to start trouble.
4	Awesome dog park. Grass and sand areas with tunnels and tires, water fountains and lots of benches provided. There is an "active" and "passive" area  - two separate sides, which really translate to "big" and "little" dog sections. The park is well lit and beautifully maintained - it's a shame more owners don't pick up after their pets with the bags supplied by the park. It really is a mess. Most of the people I see hanging out there spend more time with their iPod than there dog, pretty sad, but  it is a fantastic place to get your furry friend some playtime and exercise.Open til 10:00 at night which is nice also.
3	Only problem is self-important dog owners who can't be bothered with their pets' poop. It's not the doggie pottie people. We live nearby and love the walking trail and playing with other people's pooches since our Logan died. Just clean up after Fido, OK people? It's the right thing to do and the great City of Scottsdale makes it really easy for you!
5	No better dog park in the area.  We've met some of the best dog lovers at this park. Everyone is friendly and keeps an eye on their dogs.    More active dogs are separated from the less active dogs which makes it nice for the smaller dogs.  It you go early in the day or evening, the heat isn't too bad.....yet.  Tana loves when we take her to this park.
5	I've had my tiny monster mutt for just a few months, and after sampling a bunch of different dog parks, this is by far the best one. There are two sides, one for active (ahem, larger dogs) and passive (generally the smaller dogs) dogs. Both have large grassy areas, water and plenty of places to perch (though, er, keep those legs away from the side of the concrete blocks...many things have been sprayed upon those surfaces).  Besides the two sides, the owners here seem really responsible, keeping careful watch on their dogs and making sure there aren't any signs of aggression. I'd suggest making sure you bring your own water as the fountains are a bit underwhelming. Just be prepared for attracting a large pack of water-seeking canines during the hot months.
4	Found this dog park 3 months ago & it's great. There appears to be a very conscientious group of regulars that help make it very pleasant experience.  I believe my dog got an eye infection there but I guess that's an expected possibility just like taking your kids to the park where they may catch something from other children.
5	Though I'm new to the dog park group and have only gone to just one other one, this is still my favorite place to take my 14 month old, 8 pound ShiChi. It's really easy to find, right on the intersection. The whole space was designed very well, with ample parking, many people/pet drinking fountains, and the grounds within the two designated areas always well maintained. (Other than my clumsy sister stepping in a little poop on our last visit. ) Plus, the park has great hours and is always well lit, so my pup and I can come here in the early morning or late in the afternoon. There is always a variety of people and dogs at Chaparral, too, so each time is a different experience. I just wish it didn't take 20 minutes to get there... oh well.
4	I do not have anything to compare this dog park to as this is the only one I have ever been to, but both of my dogs (Bernie and Zombi) have a grand ole time here.There are two separate, very large, gated areas to choose from for your dogs to play in. One is "active" the other is "passive". Essentially I break this down to "big dog" and "little dog" and I have both. Bernie is a very loveable golden doodle (that isn't golden) and Zombi is my 14 pound shih-tzu that hangs out by me the entire time we are at the dog park, sweet. The reason I break it down into "big" and "little" is that I always get the stink eye when I bring my Bernilicious into the "passive" area, I think other owners are worried that he will eat their Chihuahua or something of that nature so I always go to the "active" area and bring my little shiht with me and other than trying to be mounted a few times, she does perfectly fine in the big dog area. Both areas have a large grass areas, the active area is bigger, where you can throw tennis balls (or any balls, whatever balls you like to play with, big balls, little balls, you name it) and each area also has a smaller sandpit area with either a large concrete tunnel or tire to play with. Both areas also have watering holes that your dog can drink out of, with the help of the owner pushing the button, but I always find that my dogs don't like to drink out of that so I always bring my own Tupperware container and fill it up there for my pups. I also like the various benches for both dogs and owners to relax their bums on.The downers, well despite dog poop bags being available everywhere, some owners still do not pick up after their precious furry children -which is such a buzzkill and I find that there isn't that much shade, but I know the trees are still growing. This is a beautiful park and I will continue to come here with my awesome dogs even with the occasional landmind tragedy.
4	I really like going to this dog park. It has passive and non passive areas for dogs. Mine always goes to the non passive since she's a year and a half old very energetic boxer pup. The park itself is nice and pretty big. The only thing is when the owners aren't paying attention to their dogs and don't notice that their dod pooped and so don't pick it up... And I had a situation when one old crotchety lady let her dog bite mine on several different instances and we had to yell at her to get her dog off ours. As long as people watch their dogs, all the dogs have a good time. It's usally clean, but it sucks when it is closed for days when it rains. Overall it's usually a nice time here.
4	I love this place.   I have been coming here forever.   There was this one time I took my dog there and some chick let her dog drink from the same bowl as the other dogs with an open sore on its mouth.  That isn't cool.  Don't bring sick dogs to the park.  Its like taking sick kids to school.  Don't spread what you have to other people or pets.
4	This is a great park! It is very well maintained, and a great place for dogs to run and play! As with ANY park like this, there will be people who do not watch their dogs - you just have to figure out who they are, and keep your dog away from theirs. I know my girl is well-behaved so I keep her clear of problem dogs. Some people don't pick up after their dogs, but this goes along with my previous comment. Overall, the park itself is awesome! We go several times a week, and Arya loves it!!
5	Chaparral is everything you need in a dog park.Well maintained.Water available for the dogs. Bags for the owners.An area for active dogs. An area for passive dogs. A division preferable to big and small dogs in my opinion.Ample parking.Well lit.Frequented by a generally thoughtful group of dog owners.
5	I love that there is section for passive and active dogs.Great hours and amenities by the city of Scottsdale. There is shade, water and seating area. Love the poopy bags, but I just wish some owners would pay attention when their pooch leaves a giant of pile of poop so they would clean it up.
5	Outstanding dog park. Well maintained. Best we have seen anywhere.
3	My dogs and I have been going to Chaparral Park for a couple of months now.The park is one of the nicest dog parks that we have been to.  Clean, waste bags available, water fountains and benches for sitting.  The reason why I give the park only 3 stars is because there are a number of aggressive dogs and irresponsible dog owners that frequent the location.  If you decide to go just be aware of the Pitbulls and aggressive Yorkies that bite and attack..
