5	A little local owned joint, with excellent service and consistently good food.  I've been going to this place for over three years when I need my pasta fix.  I fancy their Penne alla Vodka, add chicken and fresh steamed broccoli.  Everyone I've turned on to this place raves about it and tells their friends who tell their friends and they all love it too.  I once joked to the owner about how I'd be a bigger girl if I kept delighting in his pasta, he offered to make my favorite dish with whole wheat pasta to make it slightly more health conscious.  He meant it too!  I've since ordered it several times this way.  Pizzas, pastas, and salads... dine in or take out always 5 stars in quality and service.
5	This was my high school hangout. That is, before they closed the campus because of some punk @$$ kids getting into trouble on lunchbreak. How much trouble can you cause in forty five minutes, honestly? Regardless, the food is great, but the incredibly friendly owner (who is present everyday) and the small style of the restaurant give the oterhwise typical Italian/pizza joint distinction. Steve is the big guy who is always around, and willing to chat up a storm in his thick New York accent and on occasion is known to offer free desserts. The pizza is crispy and cheesy, not like the overly doughy chains that surround Buon Gusto. The lunch special, if it's still offered is two slices a drink and a salad for around six bucks. Pretty good deal for lunch on the go! If you have the extra time, you can take a seat in the back and have a server bring your food out, but it seems silly when you can just yell "Hey Steve, I'll have the special!" Buon Gusto is student friendly, family friendly, and overall friendly, and if you go more than once, I almost guarantee they'll remember your name and treat you like a regular.Recommended pizza: Cheese. It is so good, it doesn't need any toppings. Get a Caesar salad too if you plan on sitting and hanging out.
4	We first ate here a few months ago.  The pasta and veal dishes were OK, but not spectacular.  Then last night I had a really strong craving for pizza.  But except for Settebello (which does a very crispy crust with minimal toppings), we have hated all the local pizza places, especially the chains.  I remembered that Buon Gusto also made pizza, so I called in an order of our traditional toppings:  sausage, mushrooms, and onions.  Oh, my goodness, did that HIT THE SPOT.  The crust was New York style (thin, but chewy) and the toppings were REAL.  Yes, Virgina, someone makes a pizza here in suburbia that is not canned and processed.  The pizza sauce was fresh, but not overwhelming.  And we were eating this pie after a 15 minute trip in the car!  I imagine that eating it inhouse (as we prefer to eat all our pizzas) can only be better.  I have to stop talking about this now or I will want to order another one right away.
5	I love this place.  It is tiny, cozy, and casual.  The service is always warm and friendly.  The food is outstanding and priced relatively well.  The salads that come with the meals are amazing.  I've tried several of the veal and chicken dishes and I've loved them all.  I recommend going here for sure.
5	Why oh why can ONLY 5 stars be given????? Buon Gusto is the most amazing little gem in this city full of corporate sell outs and manufactured poor quality slop that other places try to pass off as edible. The food itself could earn 5 stars, the service and the staff, all are worthy of their own 5 star rating. I discovered this place during my pregnancy and I fell in love. For those of you that aren't aware, serving disgusting food to a pregnant woman is grounds to get your innards pulled out and handed to you. That night we had ordered take out from another Italian chain just down the road and they screwed up my chicken piccatta. So after tears, and brow beating my poor hubby we threw that in the trash and ventured out for one of my crazy cravings for that hour. Note to any good husbands who have been on the receiving end of such hormonal upheaval, it will cease and the monster who has possessed your wife will be evicted shortly after the baby is born. There is hope. Enter Buon Gusto, the heroes who may very well have saved Hubby's life and sanity at least for one evening. We walked in and the smell alone was worth bottling and selling. Whilst in the throes of pregnancy, smell and taste can either make or break your entire day. This my friends, made it. Oh Chicken Parmesan Sandwich how you changed my life, that very night. It was pretty much a religious awakening. Of course being the dainty, figure conscious little thing I am, I devoured my food and demanded to try Hubby's and my older son's as well. Heaven. This food could end wars, restore virginity, right all wrongs, find the Lindburg Baby, solve the Mystery of The Bermuda Triangle and . . . . . . . . be the mitigating factor in solving the National Deficit. Please go in and be prepared to be treated like family, eat with good people and most of all leave with a sense that your money wasn't wasted here. The only thing that they could possibly do to make it better you ask?????? Come to my house and cook, okay and do the dishes after =)
5	This place is Hendo/Green Valleys best kept secret! Oh my goodness. Its a special treat each time we eat here. Everything is so FRESH..including the bread they serve you while you are waiting for your meal. This is not regular dinner bread that most places serve. My boyfriend always gets the crab cakes..they come with some sort of amazing sauce on top..they are the best crab cakes I've ever had. The pasta is to die for..if only I could ever pass it up and try the pizza! The staff is always super friendly and nice, not common here in town. I can't recommend this place enough, just hope it doesnt catch on too much..there is not a lot of seating! ha
5	shhhh don't tell anyone about this place! Actually please do...Its all great...from momma behind the counter, comfortable, friendly, and incredibly professional yet casual service, and hefty portions of incredibly fresh and delicious classics that force you to over-order so you can take home a doggy bag...not much more to say other than that its our job to support quality local joints like this rather than the corporate-driven slop forced on us in the LV Valley.
5	i went here on the advice of a friend after i was complaining about how there was no pizza places that are like the ones back east that i loved. it is a small hole in the wall and has the atmosphere of a big city pizza parlor. i was told they even import the dough from NY. and it was true. although when i went i did not go for the pizza we had the pasta. the girl that was serving us even put up with all my questions and the owner was walking around striking up conversations with all the tables.back to the pasta it was the best i have had in a while they make the sauce for each individual dish. so its not made in the morning and sits around all day.far drive from the house but well worth it.oh... dont forget to try the cannoli best i have had in vegas.
5	Best kept mom n' pop secret in Henderson!! I don't want you to go there, because I want to keep it for myself :). But make sure you go often so it stays open for all to enjoy!I haven't had a dish I didn't like. The pizza is FANTASTIC! Nothing tastes canned or preserved. I heartily suggest "boo boo's baked spaghetti"... simply spaghetti marinara with a layer of melted cheese out of the oven, but to die for. It's a small dining room, but worth the cozy atmosphere. The employees always look happy to be there, and always willing to be of service. So glad I found this place :)
5	A real gem. All sauces are made onsite daily and are superb. You can't go wrong with any meal!
5	Most residents of Vegas wonder why anyone would ever eat out for Italian food.  Can you blame them?  The general impression is that  Vegas only has ridiculously expensive Italian restaurants on the strip and corporate Italian for the locals.  And the sauce at an Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill is only 1/2 a step up from the flavors found in a jar of pasta sauce at the grocery store.  But look deeper my friend.  Just like the U.S. is a melting pot of international cultures, Vegas is a melting pot of relocated American cultures.  And one of those great culinary cultures is Italian-American.  Buon Gusto is the classic east coast Italian restaurant.  It's cozy.  It's simple.  The menu items are delicious.  At it's best, Italian food consists of simple flavors.  But a great Italian cook knows that when those flavors come from fresh, quality produce and ingredients, there are few cuisines on the planet that can match Italian food.Buon Gusto's pizza will cause you to over eat.  The crust is tasty and crispy, but not paper thin.  The sauce is just sweet enough without losing the tomato flavors and the options of fresh toppings are vast.  Our first time there, we had the veggie pizza and left with extra inches on our waists because we just couldn't stop eating it.  The next time we went, we had the Napa Valley White Pizza (white pizza with artichokes, tomatoes, onions. etc) and the Eggplant Pesto Pizza (white pizza with eggplant, roasted red peppers and tomatoes).  Even the pizzas without sauce are killer. But that's just the pizza.  The pasta is equally outstanding.  The sauces make the dish and Buon Gusto makes their sauces fresh daily.  We had the Vodka cream sauce and the marinara and both were rich and so tasty that we kept sopping our bread in the sauce after the pasta was gone.  I'll admit that I was one of those people that spent most of my life wondering why people would order out for Italian.  Buon Gusto is the answer.  A marinara sauce may be simple, but when it's made fresh that day, by people who care about its quality, it's amazing.  Just writing this review makes me want to drive across town and have dinner there.
5	We just ate at this restaurant based on the recommendation from other yelpers.. It was amazing service was great and the food was delicious... Excellent home cooked Italian food... Its moderately priced but you get a lot of food for what you pay for. The portions are large and it comes with  soup or salad. The bread came out hot and fresh... We for sure will be visiting this place more often now that we found it..
4	This little place is so great!  In a strip mall, next to a shoe repair place, and the restaurant has about 5 tables. Excellent food, excellent service, great chianti; need I say more?
5	I finally have gotten around to writing a review for this place.  I love it here.  It's a very east coast, non-corporate type of place.  When someone wants to go out to eat and are visiting my at my place, I take them here.  At first, I was addicted to the Sicilian eggplant then I tried the sausage and mushroom rigatoni.  I don't think I've gotten anything else since.  This is so much so that when I stumbled in there yesterday evening, Steve says, "You look like you woke up this morning and wanted the rigatoni."  The man knows me too well.  Normally, I get the salad (which is excellent), but this past time I decided to try the Italian wedding soup.  Not bad.  The artichoke appetizer was great as well as Cabernet. I think I've eaten the entire loaf of bread with the garlic, olive oil, and vinegar every time I've gone in there. While it may not be my favorite cannoli in Vegas, it still is pretty good.  Actually, everything I've had here is good.I've had a few people ask me what is the restaurant that I go to the most-- this is it.  Is this the best restaurant in Vegas? No.  Is this my favorite restaurant in Vegas? Yes. There is just something about this place that feels like home.  That in itself is a feat not to be scoffed at.
4	I tried the meat raviloi's  and cheesy garlic bread. The cheesy garlic bread was crunchy and had a nice taste, but i feel it should have been complimentary. The ravioli sauce had a nice strong taste and the ravioli were cooked to a good texture. I will come back.
4	Oh so good..!  I highly recommend the Chicken Marsala with a side of Fettuccine Alfredo (for which there will be an upcharge).. That was the only turn-off - chicken entrees with no side unless you pay extra..
5	Buon gusto is what every other Italian restaurant in the valley wishes they could be. Everything about this joint screams old school New York style Italian. Buon Gusto meets every requirement for a five star review. The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is homey and unpretentious, and the food is the best Italian I've found in Vegas.  Whether your in the mood for pizza or pasta Buon Gusto is your one stop shop for all things Italian.
5	This little Italian restaurant is wonderful. I've had so many great lunches and dinners here and the food is exactly what you would expect when you have that craving for saucy Italian food. I think they probably make the best tiramisu I've ever tasted. I've ordered from their catering menu for a few parties and have never been disappointed. The prices and quantities were excellent and you can't go wrong with a tray of tiramisu for dessert.
5	Sooo... On the great reviews of my fellow yelpers we went out and tried this place! Thanks people! We happen to be locals in the area and have never been here.  So glad we did!Buon Gusto is like your typical Italian eatery in New York.  Looked much like a pizzeria, however, with a dining room that extended a bit back.  The wait was not bad and when we were seated - the servers were attentive.I ordered the Gnocchi w Tomato Cream sauce and Geo had the Chicken Alfredo. Wow! Both dishes were fantastic!  We also had the Antipasto for an appetizer - too much food for me as a salad came with our meal.  Still, I have to say that it was so fresh that I did not mind eating salad twice. With all the great choices on the menu from hot sandwiches to perfect pastas to fish entrees... we will definitely be back!  Next time we want to try their lunch specials.  The flavorful food compensates for the lack of pizzazz you would normally seek in a restaurant outing.We are grateful to have found a great local spot!  I will highly recommend that you come and try it out even if you do not live in Henderson.I am sure that Dominic, the owner, would love to have ya! Buona Salute!your constant companion,~deirdra
5	Found this place on Yelp by accident and what a happy accident it was!  Arrived around 7:30 on a Friday night and there was a very short wait. We waited in the front by where they make pizzas and that was interesting to watch - also looked delish.  We got the last table in the back which was very cozy, warm bread with olive oil and vinegar to dip,  Waiter Dave Z was delightful and joked with us throughout the meal, as well as being very attentive.  Wine all around - now we were set to read the menu.I had the Chef's signature eggplant and it was outstanding.  My husband had the penne pasta with broccoli and chicken, which was also excellent.  My friend had spaghetti with meatballs which was very good, too.  But my friend Coleen had the sausage and mushroom rigatoni which was out of this world.  All the portions were heaping and I was amazed to see her all but finish it - I have NEVER seen her eat that much!!  She's an awesome cook in her own right and could not stop saying how incredible this dish was.The owner came over and shared some of his thoughts and stories about his business - this was truly like having dinner with an extended family.  We are sad that this place is over 2 hours from home but we plan to stop in each time we have to visit Vegas.  Had no room for cannoli so we took one home and shared it for breakfast.  Yummmmmmm.Here's the hard part - I easily give this place 5 stars and that's uncommon for me.  Usually something about the restaurant turns me off or isn't what I thought it should be.  Not Buon Gusto.  And if I give it 5 stars then I'll have a longer wait next time I go because all of you want to try it, too.  Hmmmmm.  My karma would be all FUBAR if I gave this place anything less than a five - so have at it!
5	This place has the best Italian food I have had in the Las Vegas area so far. Over the past six years I have eaten at so many Italian restaurants out here and somehow this little cafe evaded me. On a chance encounter (I was going to try another joint called "Bratalian" a block away but they had closed for dinner) I found this place thanks to Yelp and boy was I impressed. To start I ordered a Calamari appetizer which was second to none as I order Calamari everywhere that has it. I then had a slice of cheese pizza which was superb, and the salad was very fresh with some black olives, a slice of artichoke heart, and a pepper. I also tried the Penne e Broccoli Chicken, a noodle, chicken, and broccoli dish as the name implies. I paid maybe twenty-five dollars and took home most of the entree as I was completely stuffed. For the prices this is the best Italian food you can find in Vegas in my honest opinion. Two can dine here for under thirty dollars tip included and still take some food home. Keep this place at 5 stars please as it deserves it!
1	Can't believe the pasta's clams is from the Can food & Italian restaurant doesn't serve "capuchino" !!
5	Awesome!  Da Best,Outside decor -  how can a strip mall restaurant be good?Inside Decor - cozy quaint and a feeling of total perfection like you are in little Italy in the big apple. Service -  just like any really good and busy restaurant,  the service is just right. Food - had the house merlot it was wonderful. Had the calamari flakey and tender. Lasagna hot and tasty. Nice size too. Shrimp diavalo just wonderful per my friend who is an Italian from New York. The chicken Buon Gusto, which is a signature dish and it is sliced chicken breast with a bunch of fresh vegetables. Absolutely top class. Having been to Italy and new York several times I would say that this family style place is the place to go. Come back factor -  what diet?  I completely ignored it yesterday and will be forgetting it in the future!Go there and be prepared for a wait if it is busy!  Go NOW!
1	I just don't get it.  The food is terrible and way overpriced.
5	My buddies and I found this place on yelp, and it was GREAT!  I've eaten there probably 4 or 5 times now...after eating there for the first time less than a month ago.  The food is absolutely amazing...amazing.  The servers are really nice and seem to be genuine and not just tip-fishing.  (If they are, they mask it well...ha ha.)  The only time they ever made any mistakes, it was a big one.  But they handled it with grace and class.  And they paid for our dessert.  Definitely go here!  You will not be disappointed!
4	It was a friendly place. The service was good. The servings were large. The place was not a Strip restaurant for atmosphere but it serves good food. The atmosphere was neighborhood type. So was the price.The chicken breast Marsala was very well done and the portion substantial. The side dish of penne with fried garlic and olive oil could stand alone. The salad was fresh and nice but nothing exceptional. The bread was very good and served warm. My 3 guests had sausage & mushroom rigatoni, chicken parmigiana, and linguini del mare. They were all good  tho' not outstanding. The teramisu was outstanding, however. Overall, the quality of food is comparable to Nora's and Pasta Shop Restaurant, and better than Gina's Bistro. You also get more for your money. I would recommend it.
5	Just superb.  A hole in the wall gem that is for real Italian. Don't let its location in a shopping center put you off...once in the door, you are in southern Italy.  We frequently drive I-15 from LA. While scanning dinner options we stumbled across Buon Gusto.  Sounded easy enough to find, so we ventured off the highway and are so glad we did.  What a find!  Great, friendly staff and excellent down home southern Italian. Portions are large enough to take half for lunch tomorrow.  We highly recommend it!
4	Loved this place! a new neighborhood favorite wow Delish.
4	My favorite little homey Italian joint. Only a few tables, but every things good. I like most of the veal, and the sausage mushroom rigatoni is their star. Pizza isn't perfect, and soups lack some authenticity, but service is warm and welcoming. We go at least once a month, it's just too cozy not too. Sometimes you can find coupons in the little direct mail coupon books.
5	Talk about a hole-in-the-wall, I have been to this mall a hundred times and never noticed this place until I checked on Yelp for Italian in the area. This is like walking into a small Mott Street eatery. The family loved it, the service was warm and personal, we were treated like family. We had the Veal, Alfredo and Lasagna. All three entrees were excellent with exceptional taste and texture, very authentic NYC fare. My son had enough Alfredo for lunch the next day as the servings are generous. The Gelato after dinner was superb one serving was enough for 3 to share. It might be hard to find, and easily overlooked but it is worth the effort to find this hidden gem.
5	I love this little family run italian place.  They have some of the best italian food in town.  The chicken millanese (order it wet) is fantastic - you never need a knife.  Also try the pasta with Vodka sauce. Great little ambiance and friendly service.
4	My good friend grew up in New York City, and Buon Gusto is one of her favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. It didn't take much arm-twisting for her to convince me to try it out for dinner on a recent Friday evening. The owners hail from Brooklyn and serve up excellent food at fair prices. It's a smaller restaurant, complete with memorabilia from NYC all over the walls. When we arrived it was packed with another party waiting to be seated. Sandi, one of the owners, was working as the hostess and she was great. Not only did she give us a pretty accurate idea of how long we would be waiting, she also came over to let us know when the party seated at the table we were going to be sitting at was done eating. Our waitress took our drink order and brought out some complementary warm bread and oil to dip it in. We had my friend's two children with her that were starving, so she ordered food for them while I continued to look over the menu. When their slices of pizza were ready, the other owner, Steve, brought them out to our table.I ended up ordering the spaghetti and meatballs, my friend had the eggplant parmigiana, NY style. I was given the option to switch to whole wheat or gluten free pasta for an additional charge, I didn't do it but like that it was an option. Both entrees came with choice of soup or salad, I chose the salad with house dressing (made in house as all house dressings should be) and she had the soup which was Italian wedding soup. Both of these came out very quickly. The salad wasn't anything to write home about but it the veggies were fresh. We waited close to an hour from the time we ordered for our entrees to come out. Our waitress was very apologetic, which we appreciated, but she made the mistake of telling us our food should be out in "4 minutes" ( not "a few minutes" which would have made more sense) which of course did not happen. In the end, the food was worth the wait. The meatballs were excellent, and the portion was massive. I would go back in a heartbeat, just going to make sure I don't have anywhere to be immediately afterward...
5	This place was introduced to me by my friend Gina. It looks like it would be a pickup and go kind of place cause it's so small, but there is dining inside and it's very quaint. Make a reservation, alot of regulars go here... Best calamari I've ever had and the owner is so friendly and interacts with the customers. Chicken Francaise (sp?) is "heavenly"!! Caesar dressing is authentic, which is hard to find-- (no brainer right?) Buon Gusto does everything right!!
4	My new fav spot for Italian! Huge portions, great prices and everything was delish. The pizza dough is shipped in from New York and stretched by hand.  I got it with big strips of proscuitto mmmm. Sausage mushroom rigatoni w tomato cream sauce was similar to what I've had at other places but at a fraction of the price. The calamari wasn't the best I've ever had as I read in other reviews but it was really tender and yum. Can't wait to go back to try other things from their menu.
5	Awesome, authentic & tasty Italian food! Best I've have had since moving here from Chicago 18 years ago!!! Delicious!!
5	First time diner, had take out because I can't get out right now. All I can say is wow! Really great Italian. Can't wait to try the pizza and the cheese steak. Give it a try.
4	Big tasty portions, homey feel, and great service!  We'll be back!
5	My friends offered to take me out for dinner for my birthday.  Based on the reviews for Buon Gusto, I chose this restaurant.  My husband was surprised, considering I could choose anything, even a casino steakhouse. But I love the idea of finding a "hidden jem", so I thought, okay if I'm wrong, it's my choice, it's my birthday.  Buon Gusto was everything the reviews have said and more.  The pizza actually made me tear up because it was so much like the pizza I had in New York when I was little and my mom took me there to visit my grandparents in Brooklyn and I haven't had anything like that since.  The salad was so fresh, the dressing perfect. Bread with a light crunchy crust, cloud soft inside. We don't eat a lot of food at a time anymore, so the four of us split an antipasto, a medium cheese pizza and ala carte portions of rigatoni with sausage and Fettuchini Alfredo (okay, so I'm not a perfect speller).  All excellent, excellent, excellent.In Hawaii, we have a saying "Sit long and talk much".  That is just what we did -- it was less busy than we feared, maybe because it was a Thursday, but we got there at 6:30 and were seated almost immediately.  The atmosphere is so comfortable and welcoming, it really is like you are visiting an Italian family in their home.  They make everything right in front of you, well-timed service and as heartfelt as it comes. All the staff connected with us at one time or another, in a genuine way. Smiles. Drink refills without asking.  I mean, how much better does hospitality get?You don't have to dress up, you don't have to spend mucho bucks -- I really didn't think places like this existed anymore.Go for excellent food, comfortable atmosphere, great people. The only reason why I gave it five stars is because you can't give them more! Such a nice birthday surprise! (and I got to be right, can't beat that!)
4	One of our favorite italian restaurants.  We've been coming here for years. Love the sausage rigatoni in cream sauce. Fresh bread to dip in the oil and balsamic while waiting for your food.Always have enough pasta leftover for 1-2 meals.
5	YUMMY!!!!   Had an eggplant dish that was so good and the chicken masala was the best I've ever tasted.   The fresh bread was given with olive oil, garlic and balsamic for dipping.  Our server, Heather, was fun and friendly.  Great neighborhood atmosphere.   Definitely will be a go back.
5	We enjoyed an authentic New York Italian dinner at this small family owned  restaurant. Dinner began with hot, fresh french bread and soup or salad. The house dressing is great!. The fresh, homemade, red sauce was amazing!  We waited 20 minutes to get a table because it is so small and very busy. The delicious food more than made up for the wait. We ordered a meat pizza, white pizza, eggplant and baked ziti.  Portions are generous and the service was excellent. This would be a great place to order take out too!
4	I would never have found this place if my wife hadn't been craving Calamari.  We figured that if we were getting some apps we should go to a place we had never been. She started looking at Italian restaurants that were semi-close to where we live and Buon Gusto popped up.  The reviews were great so we headed on over.   I have driven past this restaurant a number of times and have never seen it.  This place is pretty nice.  It's very small, warm, and welcoming.  The Calamari was very lightly breaded and had the right amount of salt for seasoning.  My wife loved it and even though I'm not the biggest fan, I thought it was pretty great as well.  My wife ordered the Manicotti and it was some of the best I've ever had.  I had the Sicilian Style Eggplant which is baked and topped with Mozzerella cheese.  It was very good and there was a lot of it.  The waitress was great and the timing of the appetizer, salads, and entrees was perfect.  The owner was in the kitchen making pizzas and he was fun to watch and listen to.  I do wish that the food was a couple dollars cheaper for each entree but that won't stop me from going again.
5	Simply Amazing. Check the hours before you go. Well worth a try
5	Great to see a locally owned restaurant that's this good!  Servers are very friendly and welcome you as if you were dining at a friend's house.  This, in my opinion, is a must in any Italian restaurant.  So kudos to the owners for creating such a warm and inviting atmosphere.  Dinner menu is a bit pricey, but the crisp cold salads, piping hot delicious bread, and large portion sizes more than make up for it.  Oh and by the way, fight the temptation to dig right in for just a few seconds for fear of burning your tongue, because all the entrees come out hot!  Maybe the portion sizes could be cut to accommodate a better price point?  But, that's just me thinking aloud, I guess that's what their lunch/take-out menu is there for.  Overall I'd highly recommend Buon Gusto to anyone who enjoys a great Italian meal with plenty of left overs!  =^)
5	This place is amazing. Great food. Great service. Ok prices. Ok atmosphere. Try their pesto gnocci. It's amazing.
5	While I was eating my mouth was a bit surprised the flavor was great and the texture was spot on! I have just gotten so used to going out to eat at any Italian restaurant and the pasta simply isn't cooked to the perfect texture. Usually it's too soggy. Most places have good and interesting flavors but who does pasta perfect?
3	A friend of mine introduced me to this place a long time ago when we picked up a Bronx Bomber pizza to go and ate it watching football.  I remembered it as the best pizza I've had and have been bragging about it for a long time.  Since then, I've brought a few others and each time, all my friends were less than impressed but I attributed it to my overhyping the place.  I finally brought my family last night to refresh my memory and to use a gift certificate that one less-than-impressed friend had bought me as a joke for my birthday since I told him it was the best pizza.  We ordered the extra large Bronx Bomber, the linguine with clams, and a side of meatballs.  As much as I wanted to validate my past opinion, the food was really just average in my humble opinion.  You can tell the ingredients were fresh but the flavors were just so-so.  The pizza was ok, the linguine was better though my family thought it was a little bland and oily, but the meatballs were lacking (which surprised all of us since this is a very authentic Italian restaurant).  The service was great and the small little mom and pop atmosphere was very homey.  Would come back but will definitely not be hyping this place anymore as having the best pizza.
5	This place has some legit Italian food. Its got a nice cozy feeling to it, a real mom n pop kind of place. The food was really good and the Tiramisu we had was baked right there in the restaurant and not shipped in from somewhere else or microwaved.
4	I was there yesterday with my one love. And we loving this place. When we get there from the outside it does looks like a Togo place so we get a lil skeptic about it. But we decided to come in anyway. It's a small lil mom and pop restaurant. The service was friendly and good. The food was on point. But the stuffed mushrooms may need lil more works on. Other than that the artichoke was excellent, the sausages and mushrooms rigatoni was so  good. The house soup was wonderful. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	I cannot say enough about Buon Gusto; this is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas.  The rigatoni with mushrooms is heaven on a platter, in fact, I have never had anything bad at Buon Gusto.  Their eggplant parmesan (they have a few versions, all good) as well as their lasagna are also contenders in my "best dish ever" competition.  Finally, you have to have a cannolli.  OMG, just OMG.  So good!
5	This place is awesome! The eggplant dishes are all to die for!
5	Love this place!!!!  Food is excellent and service is great! Try their chicken pesto salad...YUMMO!
4	Let me start by saying that ever since living in Italy I am extremely picky about Italian food. But, Buon Gusto shines every time. It is a small family run New York style Italian restaurant. The place is tiny, so expect to wait for a table, sometimes up to 30 minutes. Don't worry the food is well worth the wait. They always start you off with warm bread and an olive oil and balsamic dipping sauce. It is perfection, especially after the wait. Your dish will also come with soup or a salad. They have 2 homemade dressings, a delicious ranch and a house oil and balsamic dressing that is fantastic. You can't go wrong either way, but I love to dip my bread in the house dressing. Yum! I have tried quite a few dishes, but here are some of the highlights:I am in love with the sausage and mushroom rigatoni. It is tossed in a creamy tomato based sauce and just so delicious. You won't ever regret ordering this, trust me.They make a mean baked ziti as well, their signature pasta sauce is just delicious. You definitely want the sausage, as the meatballs are lacking in flavor. They also have fantastic thin crust pizza's! I have tried both the California white pizza and Steve's cattleman and they were great. I love white pizza and the California definitely hit the spot. But, they also make a fabulous red sauce so be sure to try that as well. The individual size is perfect for one.Overall, you will not regret a visit to this small mom and pop shop. The food is delicious and the service is always on point.
4	Really good experience, ate there last night and had a little wait but overall great food, great service. We will be back!
5	This is by far the best home cooked food you will find in Vegas.  Friends from north Jersey and New York who are Itilian and love Itilian food have tried this place and say it is the best in Vegas.  The prices are extremely reasonable and you will not be disappointed.  You will find it hard to believe how they can serve such great food at such a reasonable price.  If you love Itilian food and have not tried this place, you are missing out.
5	I come from a big Italian family and I am grown to my family's cooking. I must say that it is very difficult to find a place that serves food as good as Buon Gusto. I have been to so many restaurants throughout my life. I lived on the east coast and the west coast and been to so many places that just served mediocre food. Some of it was good, but not great. I remember my cousin went to Buon Gusto and she told me about it. She said to me that she could not believe how authentic-tasting the food was, and how it was just like our family's cooking. My mom is such a wonderful cook so I know the difference between Italian food and great Italian food. Everytime I come here, everything is on the money. Every detail, ingredient, and server is incredible. The place is so welcoming, warm, and so intricate. The food is TO DIE for. And I don't know about you but if the food is this good, I don't care how much I pay for it. This place has yet to disappoint me or anyone that I recommended it to. I honestly feel like I am eating right out of my mother's kitchen. Incredible food and service, and I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants great quality and great, authentic Italian food. You will not be disappointed at all. I will be coming here for as long as I am in Vegas. There is no other Italian place in Vegas that can fully incorporate true  quality Italian food the way these guys can.
5	I took my girlfriend to Buon Gusto before ice skating at the Venetian and we had a wonderful, memorable experience. We were seated next to the kitchen in a very small two-top with the same table about 8 inches to our right. While the seating was less than awesome, the staff was fabulous. Our waitress greeted us, seated us and impressed us for the rest of the night. She was knowledgeable of the menu and their ingredients as I'm vegetarian and my girlfriend is a hard core meatatarian. I ordered their signature eggplant and she ordered the special, salmon and shrimp. While we chatted and waited for our meal, generous free bread servings (with olive oil and vinegar!) and salads with homemade ranch assuaged our hunger.  But then, a gentleman dining alone was seated next to us. While it seemed awkward at first, the close proximity of our table brought us to talk to the man, who owns Bread and Butter, a local breakfast and bakery we'll visit soon. He makes their bread, fresh, and trades it for a bowl of pasta once a week. Think about that. These businesses have such a friendly relationship, they just trade food for food. That is exactly the kind of good hearted folks who work here.While it was funny to listen to the kitchen chatter while we were waiting, I could see how some people would find it distracting or unpleasant. Though, BOTH owners came to visit with us, check on the quality of our meal, and ask about our Thanksgivings. The environment at Buon Gusto is warm and inviting. My girlfriend put it best, "I feel like I'm in my Italian mother's house, but I'm not Italian!"Go there. Do it now. You will not regret it.
5	Absolutely fantastic food!  We ordered our meal to-go.  I ordered the "best lasagna you've ever eaten" and let me tell you... it was.  My husband (who is on a low carb plan for eating) had their low carb special with grilled sausage and onions with peppers.  He loved it!  My kids had pizza and thought it was fine.  I tasted the pizza and it was better than average...  The prices were fair, and the quality was superb.  This is my new favorite neighborhood spot for sure.  Next time I will try one of their gourmet pizzas.  The bread that came with my lasagna was delicious.  I wondered if it was the same dough for the pizza.  Thanks!!!
5	After you peel away all the decoration, it's the food that counts in any restaurant. I've been lucky to have enjoyed Italian food in the major centers in the States, from Boston's North End to New York's Little Italy to San Francisco's North Beach.  Add a few trips to Rome, Tuscany, Milan and Torino - well I mentioned I've been lucky.There are many good Italian restaurants in Las Vegas - Nora's, Gitano's, Panevino to name a few. Buon Gusto stands out as an authentic, New York style family restaurant, serving arguably the best pizza in Henderson. That's how my appreciation for BG began. Then I took the time to try a few pasta dishes, graduating progressively to entres.  On New Year's Eve, we booked a table trying to minimize driving.  The veal piccata was extraordinary.  Paired with a suitable penne in garlic & oil, the taste contrast was 'on-the-money'.  The veal is sourced from Wisconsin so obvious care is taken to offer great taste with excellent value. Starting off with a satisfying cup of beef barley soup with a touch of Italian parsley made the holiday meal a perfect way to ring in the New Year.Combining conscientious service with a modest $26 for the entire meal, BG has a winning formula. Whether it's pizza, pasta or a delicious Italian meal, you can't go wrong with Buon Gusto.  Take along your favorite wine from your home collection and you won't regret a modest corking charge.  Motto bene!
4	Very cute little place with great service & delicious food! What a surprising place! We will be back!
5	I come from a big Italian family and I am grown to my family's cooking. I must say that it is very difficult to find a place that serves food as good as Buon Gusto. I have been to so many restaurants throughout my life. I lived on the east coast and the west coast and been to so many places that just served mediocre food. Some of it was good, but not great. I remember my cousin went to Buon Gusto and she told me about it. She said to me that she could not believe how authentic-tasting the food was, and how it was just like our family's cooking. My mom is such a wonderful cook so I know the difference between Italian food and great Italian food. Everytime I come here, everything is on the money. Every detail, ingredient, and server is incredible. The place is so welcoming, warm, and so intricate. The food is TO DIE for. And I don't know about you but if the food is this good, I don't care how much I pay for it. This place has yet to disappoint me or anyone that I recommended it to. I honestly feel like I am eating right out of my mother's kitchen. Incredible food and service, and I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants great quality and great, authentic Italian food. You will not be disappointed at all. I will be coming here for as long as I live in Vegas. I feel like I just want to scream and shout to the world about this place!
4	This is not a chain and WOW is the food good.  Atmosphere is quaint and the dining-in facility is small.  Do not miss the Tiramisu as it is awesome.  There were 6 of us and we each ate different plates and we all raved about each dish.
1	Are closed on Sundays and not open until 3:30 on Saturdays. So you'll never have lunch there on a weekend. No clue why.  No booths.
5	You don't need to be located in a luxury resort on the strip, charge exorbitant prices, or be funded by a wealthy venture capitalist to offer 5 star quality food. All you need is a dedicated mom-and pop style of management, a good understanding of traditional cooking and service with a smile. These things can be found at Buon Gusto.I had the pleasure of dining here on valentines day with my girlfriend. It was, not surprisingly, quite packed. We were seated fairly soon by a friendly hostess. The place is tiny and quaint--- a decidedly humble little establishment with traditional Italian themed decorations lining the walls. It's nothing too fancy but a real fan could care less about the lack of extravagance--- its clean and well maintained. The bread was delicious-- better than I've had at Annie's Gourmet, and about as good as I had at Ventano's. The salads were excellent-- the best I've ever had at an Italian restaurant. They didn't skimp on the olives and the home made balsamic vinaigrette will be the best you've ever tasted. They offered us each a glass of wine with the special, which was penne pasta with a creamy sherry wine sauce and sliced chicken, topped with bruschetta. It was a unique taste to me-- I've never tasted such a wonderful mix of flavors in Italian cooking. We treated ourselves to canoli's for desert which were, of course, heavenly-- far and above the best I've ever had. The waiter was friendly throughout the experience and the rest of the staff was polite. The employees here seem to take pride in the quality of their service and the regulars clearly know they've stumbled on to a real gem located in nondescript suburbia. There is no doubt that we will be returning to sample the many other delicious sounding dishes here.
4	This place is all about the food.  You dine in an extension of the kitchen, right alongside the chefs as they work the kitchen magic.  The food is excellent and the people are friendly.  The dining area is limited and it does get pretty busy during meal times.  They only do reservations for parties of 6 or more, so you might have to wait to get a table if you go before 8pm.  Their house original, the Veal Trieste, was excellent.  It is served in a cream sauce with artichokes, mushrooms & port wine.  Boyfriend got Chicken Cacciatore, which was also very good.  All of their entrees come with fresh baked bread, soup or salad, and a side of penne pasta.
5	We saw Buon Gusto on Yelp last year and gave it a try.  We were so pleasantly surprised we will go back again this year.  Comfortable and GREAT food.  We are really looking forward to our return visit.
4	Was looking for a place close to home for Italian food and came across Buon Gusto and read raving reviews on yelp! Everything we had was excellent.Good sign- We went there at 8.30 p.m. on monday night and there were quite a few people eating there!The server brought some really warm bread and an amazing olive oil, olive and garlic dip with balsamic vinegar. We thought about just having one slice each but ended up eating the whole bread! I ordered portabella mushroom ravioli in a red pepper sauce. This was divine. The red pepper sauce was a rich, cheesy sauce with a great red pepper taste. The ravioli was almost melting in my mouth..D ordered a vegetarian pizza which had a generous helping of cheese, artichokes, olives, and roasted eggplant on a thin crust pizza base. Excellent again.Everything seemed to be freshly prepared and of great quality.HIghly recommended!
5	Love, love, love this Italian family restaurant!    Many have echoed what I love about this place.   Great food, friendly service and definately becoming crowded at peak dinner hours.   Be patient, definately worth the wait!
5	I was a stranger in a strange land, or so I thought. Had to visit Henderson for biz, so checked Yelp for a place to eat... Well, I walked in and it was like stepping into a friend's dining room. An Italian friend's.I had a glass of red while I waited for a table - they kept checking back with me until I was seated - and the food was fabulous. One of the nicest parts was that everyone was happy there. Patrons were walking in with these pleasant little looks on their faces, the staff seemed to love working there, and the owners (a husband and wife team) were incredibly sweet to me and to each other.I NEVER expected warmth and great food in Vegas! Can't wait to go back!
5	5 stars all the way! Mom called our food "home-made" that's a high compliment from the mother of the International Diva aka yours truly. Look no more Henderson folks, Buon Gusto is everything all the yelpers said!  And ya'll know  (with my sister Tina's Texan accent) I have traveled enough to tell you this is real Italian. Mom ordered the special which by the way was enough to feed two: Manicotti, delish. I asked our sweet waitress to give me her best shot: Rigatoni with sausage and mushroom on a cream sauce. OH MY JESUS!  I need to tell you to try their tomato bisque, out of this world.  We're planning a couple of birthday parties already up there, Steve was very friendly and told us he could set up a table for 15 no  problem. So there, for all of you who think we don't have good food in Las Vegas, take that!
4	This little hole in the wall has lived up to its stars. I visited once for lunch and once for dinner, both with my school-aged boys in tow. It's a cool little place to go to enjoy your meal. It's got this neat little Italian deli feel to it, but with table service. For lunch, there are some really good specials. 2 slices of pizza and a drink, or a slice of pizza and a salad and a drink for $4.99. The pizza was tasty, and the waiter asked if we wanted to add toppings to the slices, which is great if you want more than just cheese. I'm guessing they charge for it, but we just had the cheese.Their house salad is delicious. It's not just a few pieces of wilted lettuce on a plate with some bottle sauce plopped on it. Tasty veggies on top, and the house vinagrette is tangy, tasty, and should be sopped up with the hot bread they bring you.Our dinner experience was a little different. My boys and I happened to go on a Friday evening, and we got seated at a table by the front, which meant we got stared at while we ate our food by the folks either waiting for a table or sitting at the chairs at the front waiting for their takeout order. It's a tiny restaurant, so I don't fault them for that. If you're looking for an intimate dining experience, this may not be the place for you.The boys split a pepperoni pizza, and you really can't go wrong with their pizza. A great meal at this place would be a house salad, pizza and a beer. No doubt.I tried their signature Buon Gusto chicken entree. The way it sounded on the menu and the way it came out on the plate were different. The menu called it a "medley" of fresh vegetables sauteed with chicken. The menu said it was a heathly menu choice, so I figured I'd watch my waistline and order it. The dish came out looking like a dish I make with all the leftover chicken and veggies I have in my fridge. There was a large amount of onions, which I picked past. There was no starch with the dish, which was odd, considering the fact that it's an Italian restaurant. Then I read the online menu after the fact and read that with chicken dishes, you can add a starch for a price. That's fine, but I wish the waiter had said something when I ordered.The service was fine, nothing to write home about. Perhaps they just need to talk to their waitstaff so that they are more knowledgeable about the menu and can turn their tables over faster with quicker service.All in all, if you stick to the basics, you're fine. Their pizza is tasty. Thier salad is yummy. They bring you a basket of hot breat and butter. And if you want to wash it down with a beer or wine, well, they have that too. It's a cool little place, and I'm all for supporting the small businesses in this economy. Go to Buon Gusto. Enjoy the food and the vibe. But you may just want to stick to their Italian basics.
5	A small mom and pop restaurant that has amazing Italian food and exceptional service. It's a little small so you may have to wait but I have to say I have not had anything bad here. I know that's a broad statement but it's true and there's not much more to add that others haven't already commented on. (By the way the sausage and mushroom rigatoni and chicken franchese are worth eating all the time, even if it will force me to keep my shirt on at the pool] I would absolutely put it in my top 3 Italian restaurants in the city.
4	I love all the homemade flavors, super fresh and flavorful. A party in my mouth. Highlights: -Homemade balsamic vinegar dressing. So stinking good! I never enjoyed a house salad so much! -Chicken Marsala: Large portion! Definitely good for sharing. Super yummy and everything a chicken marsala should be. Plenty of mushrooms too. -Tiramisu: I ate the whole piece. By myself. Enough said. (super light and airy with a hint of alcohol. A perfect way to end the meal)Lower-lights:-Calamari: They were good and not too oily except that I feel they kind of lacked flavor. They needed a lot of salt and could have used some seasoning. Even with the marinara sauce it was a little bland. -Veal Parmigana: A little pricey ($25) but it was a large portion. It was so completely drenched with sauce and cheese that you couldn't really taste anything except tomato sauce. And the breading on the veal just slid right off. Too soggy of a dish for me. Overall: super friendly staff and wonderful homemade tasting meal. I definitely want to come back and try some other delicious plates on their menu.
5	*** #200 ***Mamma Mia!  Judging from my recent experience, this is a super-fine ristorante that serves up superior Southern Italian cuisine.  Diane and I have the good fortune of being friends with several married couples who are always game to try out the cuisine of new dining venues.  On one such gustatory adventure four of us took over a table for six at Buon Gusto, and filled it to overflowing with various dishes.  I appreciated that shakers of grated Parmesan Cheese sat at both ends.  The owners and head chef were not even around, and yet the coordinated operation of the skilled culinary team on a very busy Thursday night still hummed along beautifully under its very able management.  Service was friendly and efficient, with our table checked on several times.  I just had to ask for one water refill twice.We began with a loaf of excellent baked Italian bread that was both complimentary and warm.  It was so good with butter or vinegar and oil that my party polished off this and another 1-1/2 loaves by meal's end.  Next for me was a good but barely hot small bowl of Italian Wedding Soup with tasty but tiny meatballs and only bits of spinach.  This was really the only low point of my meal.A generous side Caesar Salad with excellent creamy Caesar Dressing, fresh chopped Romaine Lettuce, and crunchy croutons was presented next.  Crab-stuffed Mushrooms were simply excellent, and lightly floured Calamari served with a Sicilian Sauce that tasted like a slightly amped up mild Marinara was very good--one of the best I have experienced in the Vegas valley.A long interval separated appetizers, soup, and salad from the entrees.  But this was understandable, since by this time (about 7:30 p.m.) the place was packed with patrons.  Now we really put the table to the test.  Soon it groaned under the weight of Shrimp Parmigiana with Alfredo Sauce, Veal Parmigiana, Manicotti, Penne with Meat Sauce, a Meatball, Fettucccini Alfredo, and Penne Pasta with Alfredo Sauce.  The tomatoey, cheesy, thinly pounded, and double folded Veal Parmigiana was great.  And so was the Fettuccini, nicely tossed with thick and tasty Alfredo Sauce.  Portions were quite large.  I barely finished mine, but everyone else took home leftovers to enjoy another day.  All dishes on the table looked and smelled great, as did a pizza just across the way.  Ahh, that will have to wait for another day!  One can only consume so much at a time!We still saved a little room for dessert though.  Homemade Tiramisu was light and airy.  And, we rounded out a memorable meal by sharing generous portions of rich Chocolate Gelato and refreshing Lemoncello Gelato.  As a final whimsical flourish, 8 wrapped Mini-Tootsie Rolls were placed on top of the bill.  Even they were good: fresh and soft!  I will most definitely be back--the sooner the better!
4	I'm a big fan of their pizza and the linguini w/ clams. Small, quaint, cozy little spot with a very friendly owner & staff.
4	The lasagna is a must!  This is one of those small private owned must try places.
5	What a great place for Italian food!! Everything from the atmosphere to the service to the food, it was all legitimately GREAT. The Meatball parm is second to none, huge flavor full meatballs, perfect amount of sauce, melted mozzarella and great crusty bread.  My friend had the Chicken Parm and had nothing but great things to say about it. I look forward to bringing my family here for dinner very soon. It is great to see a small family owned restaurant putting this much care into the food and customer service!!
5	Really, the place brings a level of perfection that you rarely find at Italian places. The service is excellent. You're greeted with warm smiles from the minute you walk in, at every moment during the meal, and on your way out. The place has that whole in the wall feel to if. Nicely decorated and great oldies music playing.Might I recommend the pineapple pizza? It was exquisite! Sometimes I get the chilly cheesesteak which puts firehouse subs to shame :)
1	Food was on the cold side and tasted like it had been reheated... Ordered chicken marsala and got chicken in a bunch of watery sauce. Prob will not visit here again.
5	Great neighborhood Italian restaurant, especially in a neighborhood overrun by Italian restaurants. Love their white pizza. Small place, but very clean with super friendly staff.
5	I love this place! My son found it on Yelp and we have dined here 4 times now.  The food is excellent, always Hot and fresh.  The staff is all wonderful.  Great service and good attitudes.  Just a great overall atmosphere.  Keep up the great work! I can't wait to go back.
3	I'm someone who if I'm going to spend money on Italian food, I want it to be at least a 4-5 star type place. I really wanted to like this place. The service was excellent. The bread at the beginning of the meal was fresh and delicious. However the pizza was below average. As in I would stay away from ever ordering it again. The lasagna was very good. It tasted a lot like my wife's lasagna which is good, but we both felt to pay to go out we want better than we can make. I will probably try them again down the road to give them a second shot. Just sticking to pasta this time. To put my ranking into perspective... a chain like olive garden would get a 1-2 star from me. So they were better then the pasta co's, littering our nation. If it's this place vs those types of places without a doubt come here. But there is better out there.
5	I am Italian and hard to please when it comes to authentic food. I would recommend this place to the fussiest eaters. Just like mama and nana made. No processed food here. Place is small, but quaint and clean.
5	Wow. Yelp hooked it up! The girlfriend and I were running around all day and were running on fume's. After a place I wanted to try was closed, I fired up the Yelp app and it took us to Buon Gusto. I do not live on the side of town where Buon Gusto is, so I have never heard of it. I would also rather go to a family run place (which Vegas lacks) than a chain so off we went.All we could say, is excellent. These place is a small restaurant in a shopping center, very nondescript. Once we walked in, we were immediately greeted and offered any seat. Drinks were offered right away and we went right to ordering. I had the baked ziti with meatball and my girlfriend had the chicken milanese (sp?). Before the entrees came out, we had warm bread brought over and a small salad, which was definitely the best side salad I've had in awhile. Once the entrees came, WOW. True home cooked Italian dishes which we quickly went to work on, with enough for leftovers. I normally dont like leftovers, but the food was so good I took it home and ended up eating it later. I will definitely be back to this spot when I am in the area and cant wait!
4	This is a small italian joint nestled in near Anthem. The food is good and prices are reasonable. The staff is so italian I would be suprised if everyone here is a made man. The stories they have are great and add to the atmospher. I recommend at least trying this place out.
5	I really thought I had posted a review for Buon Gusto, but Yelp is telling me no..Let's get this fact out there right now, Buon Gusto is one of those restaurants I would happily drive a couple of hours to go eat at, it is that good. Every now and again we foodies run across a hole in the wall that is so good, we really shouldn't post about it on Yelp, just in case the crowds get to big, well Buon Gusto is one of those places.We have eaten there probably once a month for the last 6 months, the food is good, no scratch that, the food is superb, the service is good, the prices are a steal.Now, the big thing, this is a New York Italian joint, my wife orders the Chicken Marsala (the best she has had she claims) but I go for the pizza, why ? Because it is the best in Vegas, pure and simple, I love pizza and this joint puts out a pie that I would happily compare to any that I ate in new York.Oh, lastly, if you are still hungry, try the tiramisu, OMG, it is to die for.
5	We have been coming here since the doors opened and it's great food & service everytime!As soon as you are seated your drink order is taken and fresh baked bread with seasoned oil & vinegar are set on the table. My husband ordered the Chicken Pesto Salad. It's not on the menu anymore but they will still make it for you.. A large salad  of greens topped with artichokes, ripe olives, tomatoes & pepperchini's on top of that is sliced chicken breast with one of the BEST pesto cream sauces you will ever taste! I ordered the Gnocci. You have a choice of Pesto Cream or Tomato Cream. Tough choice, but I went with the Tomato Cream. Again, BEST tomato cream sauce you will ever taste. The Gnocci is soft ,enveloped in this delicious, rich & creamy sauce. The portion is large, which is great. I eat a 1/3 or 1/2 and enjoy the leftovers next day for lunch, Which is even better because the gnooci soaks up some of the sauce. YUM.  A dinner salad is served before your entree. My girls ordered pizza, which they say tastes great! They have a childrens menu which has itaiian offerings along with a salad and drink, reasonably priced! Service is wonderful, and I love supporting mom & pop businesses.Nice to be greeted by name when you walk in. We recommend this place often!
4	Dined here last night with my wife.This is a tiny place so seating took awhile but worth it.  Fresh bread came out first with great garlic & olive oil for dipping followed by house salad, both excellent.  We wanted the Italian Wedding soup of the day but they had just taken a large take-out order that wiped today's batch out.We had:1) Calamari:  very good but we've been spoiled by better.  Their marinara was the bomb.  Solid choice in any event.  Probably would try something else as an appetizer next time.2) Veal Picatta:  Excellent prep.  We were told by owner that they don't even pound the veal cutlets flat until we order.  Everything made fresh and flavors prove this.  Knowing this I'll try the Veal Parmesan next time just to get more marinara.3)  Cattleman's (all meat) Pizza:  Good choice.  Nice crust and good flavors on toppings.  Would do that one again.
3	I am really surprised that there are more positive than negative reviews for this place? I am a really picky Eater from NY and feel I assess Italian food pretty well :) I was disappointed in my meal here.I ordered the baked ravioli with extra sauce , it cam with a sub par salad that I did not like at all and did not really have extra sauce.  The sauce reminded me of Ragu or Delmonte from a can.  I know that it was made there but it was not very good.I got a slice of pizza for my daughter which was decent.  I would go back for a slice but there definitely is better pizza around here such as Verranzos on Windmill/Eastern and Grimaldi's on Eastern.  I wouldn't return to this restaurant except for a quick slice if I was in the shopping center.
5	We were first timers here the other night, because of the Yelp reviews.  Wow!  WOW!  I use Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken as my litmus test for all Italian restaurants.  I just do.  Sorry.  This is THE BEST Fettuccine Alfredo I have ever had, EVER!  When you think in your mind what it's supposed to taste like (butter, cream, noodles not TOO thick), this is it.  Just simply amazing.  You must try it if you're a fan at all.  We shared it because the portions are HUGE!  The house salad is included for each diner if you pay the $6.95 plate fee.  Worth it.  The house salads are yummy.  We're going back soon and a lot.  Best Italian in Vegas.  No question.
5	Great food! Great service! awesome portions! dream about their food after only being there once. Can not wait to return! Love the New York feel but the food comes out like it was made only for you!!!!
2	Pasta: over-cooked Lasagna, drenched in Cheese, no Bechamel.Pizza: dough and sauce okay, way too much cheese, boringService: unattentive old man. Atmosphere: Vinyl tablecloth, tacky deco, could be in the BronxNo reason to ever go back.
2	Visiting from LA. Went to this pace based on the Yelp positive feedback. Hard to believe the ratings. Early Friday dinner, not crowded yet took nearly 45 minutes for an order of ravioli and a small pizza.The there was the bland taste. Ever so slightly better than big box chain Whitewash Italian. Pizza crust tuff, as if old or overworked. No sauce to speak of and overly cheesy. Ravioli on the hard side of al dente, nearly tasteless meat filling. On the positive side, the staff were very friendly and apologetic on the long wait. Perhaps locals prioritize service over food. Otherwise visitors should go elsewhere.
5	This place is a little piece of old New York in the desert. It's not very large inside but wonderfully charming and quaint. The staff is friendly and the food is Noo Yawk Italian to the max!!! Hubby and I live a good 20 miles away but well worth the drive. Love the salad with house dressing, great pizza with crispy crust, delicious eggplant parm, and  everything else we've tried has been great. What a hidden treasure this place is. This is the real thing, not like the formula food in the chain restaurants. Leave Vegas outside and enter New York. Buon Gusto!
4	Looking for some good hole-in-the-wall Italian food?This is it! We had a large group of 8 or so and they were able to accommodate us just fine. All of our drinks and breads came out so fast since it was a late lunch (I think it was like 3pm or something) and we were starving! The servicer was very attentive and constantly checking on us. We all ordered our own dish, some pasta dishes and a pizza. The pasta turned out great and everyone from our party seemed to enjoyed their dish. I don't think the pizza was that outstanding to mention it. Overall, a good decent place to eat some Italian without having to go to the strip for it. :)
4	I dined again at Buon Gusto, and the experience was a very good one.  But for this dinner with friends I have to drop my evaluation half a star.  Warm homemade Italian bread was excellent as before.  And, Fried Ravioli on the verge of being over fried was good with mild Marinara Sauce.  But homemade Cream of Mushroom Soup was too peppery for my taste.  A basic Romaine Lettuce Caesar Salad was very good, and a large portion of tender Veal Parmigiana was excellent accompanied by cheesy Fettuccini Alfredo.  An order of gelato produced two chosen scoops: Lemoncello and Chocolate.  Both were very good.This time 4-1/2 stars overall!
4	They have new owners, so be patient. Understand it was a busy night, and the new owners are still trying to get adjusted with the staff so service is slower than usual. I also got nervous when I heard the owners son is the new chef.. (please don't change all of the recipes)We were seated about 15 minutes after arrival. Now we waited another 10 minutes before our drink order was taken. Another 15 minutes and our order was taken, and then 20 minutes later our food was served. Yep.. 45 minutes from the time we were seated. Food was delicious. Gnocchi with Tomato Cream sauce has not changed.. Yay!!!The rest of my party enjoyed their food too. On a side note, where we were sitting to where I could see the prep area where salad greens were being cut. The knife that was used was rinsed off with the water from the soda fountain. Not sure what was cut with the knife before, but not too sanitary. Hopefully on our next visit things will be back up to speed and prep procedures will be reviewed.
2	We've been coming here for 9 years.  But I am concerned for the future of this restaurant based on our dining experience last week after the new owner had officially taken charge for over a month.Apparently you need to be a "friend" for him to even stop to say a word to you.The food was very good, everything was the same as previous owners' menu except the salad no longer had artichokes.  Already cutting food costs.Very slow night with something "not working" in kitchen.  And check seemed high for what we had.  Servers were very stressed and we left all stressed out.  I think we'll stick to take out.  The pizza was $4 higher for dine-in than take-out.
4	We had the baked Ziti and Pizza and it was 4 star good. It's a nice cozy little Italian restaurant. The prices were reasonable and we'll be back again.
4	I've tried a few tasty dishes via coworkers (garlic and oil linguine with clams, delicious, sausage rigatoni, yum, and chicken tenders with fries, equally delicious!) and was convinced to visit when I had a hankering for some pasta. I was just ordering take out, but admired the dining area while I was there. Very cozy. Definitely unexpected for a spot in a shopping center. I ordered the baked spaghetti and a side of their housemade meatball. The baked spaghetti was not what I expected. The portion was very generous, but so was the very overwhelming mozzarella cheese that was "baked" on top. I attempted to scrap off as much cheese as I could to make it bearable. The spaghetti was good though and the meatball was great! It also came with a side salad that I thought was wondeful. Especially with the marinated artichoke, peppercinis, and their amazing ranch dressing (seriously, THAT is how ranch should taste!) So my first experience wasn't fantastic, but I blame it on my ordering a dud since I've had other pastas from there that I thought were great. Will have to give it another whirl! They have wonderful lunch specials and overall, the prices are decent for the amount of food.Edit: I had to bump them up a star for their PIZZA! Wowza. I'm not a cheese pizza kind of gal because it's way too boring and the cheese can be too much (at least the way most people make it). However, my New Yorker friend, who constantly vouched for this pizza, told me that the cheese was the way to go. So, I had to follow suit. We ordered a whole pie, so it was fresh and hot. I have one word for it, heavenly. Pizza perfection (disclaimer: I love thinner crust!). There was a nice, light crunch from the bottom of the pizza, the soft and thin layer of dough, sauce, and cheese. No flavor was overwhelming except the sweet harmony of these three things. The crust was still dough-y, but had a nice texture to it. I love being able to fold my pizza slice in half too. Oh, it is just so GOOD! After that first experience, I had their pizza three times within a few weeks. Every time, it didn't disappoint. There's not very many places that I drool over pizza, but this is one of them!!
5	So we found this place on Yelp! (where else?!) while searching for a good Italian restaurant in the Southwest/Henderson area. Walking into this place was just like walking into my grandma's kitchen... this place was full of yummy aromas, simple decor and small dining tables that made it all a very inviting little place.You can tell this place is family-owned and it shows in their friendly (and awesome), yet informal service. Upon sitting down you are greeted by a big smile, a basket of warm home-made bread and a mixture of herbs and virgin olive oil-- which you can refill as many times as you'd like. By the way, the bread they serve is pretty much the BEST bread you will try in Vegas.We all ordered different dishes to try: Sausage mushroom rigatoni, penne all a vodka and linguini del mar and they were all amazing. You can taste the dedication and fresh ingredients put into every dish and will rejoice in the huge portions the will serve you! Now, while all the different dishes we ordered were awesome, I would recommend the Linguini del Mar as it is the tastiest of them all.Do yourself a favor and come visit this place. Your tastebuds will thank you for it!
5	My wife and I usually go out to eat on Sundays when Buon Gusto is closed so we made a point to go there Saturday and finally try it. The service is great, a very friendly staff that make you feel at home. My wife ordered the Broccoli Penne and I ordered the Buon Gusto. My wife's Broccoli Penne was great no complaints, the Buon gusto however was just a little better than average which was kind of surprising since its named after the place. For desert we tried the bread pudding which is 6 out of 5 stars. I would give this place 4.5 out of 5 stars but thats not an option so well go with 5.
5	This restaurant is very small and tucked away in a little shopping center, but the food is very good.  The wait staff is knowledgeable and attentive.  They fill up fast though, so don't get there right at dinner time.My favorite so far is the sausage mushroom rigatoni, but I've also enjoyed their lasagne, manicotti and baked ziti.
4	After a beer festival in Lake LV, we needed to fuel up. With the positive reviews and comforting looking food it seemed it would be a winner dinner. We were started off with some fresh hot bread, oil with garlic to dip. They ask if you want balsamic in it too which I never refuse. Man, I love/hate good bread. Love the taste, hate that I can't stop. Entrees come with a salad or soup. We got one of each. The soup was pasta fagioli, which had various pasta and white beans and had good flavor, though a tad salty. The salad was good with olives, tomatoes, onions, artichoke, pepperoncini with vinaigrette. We got sausage rigatoni with tomato cream sauce. The sauce was solid, well seasoned and it was plentiful with sausage. We also ordered the linguine clams with red sauce which was a nicely garlicky clam flavored sauce and the clam pieces was so plentiful every bite had clams. This is a good thing that the portions were not skimpy, but not suffering in quality. I asked if the pasta made in-house, but it's fresh stuff delivered from a spot in New Jersey. Some people may find it oversauced a bit, which doesn't bother me - it's bread sopping time! I was too full with all of this pasta and bread. Its a tiny busy eatery, but many servers and runners so the service was pretty decent even when our main gal was busy. Everyone was friendly and polite. Lot's of "ma'ams" we're thrown around which I'm not used to. Charming little place. If this wasn't across town from us, I could see us going here on a regular basis. Food taste to portion to price ratio is really good. For $15ish a pasta dish we had bread, soup, salad and entree which I think is reasonable for all you get. This is like, Olive Garden formula and prices, but homemade and homey. I'm a fan, and would consider their something I would try to hit up anytime we're never Henderson.
5	A colleague and I dinned at Buon Gusto last week after looking online for a good restaurant in the area.  We were attending yet another conference and were in dire need to escape the insincerity of corporate America.  We were promptly greeted by the owner who sat us at a charming table. The service was prompt and the menu was priced reasonably.  The owner took the time to make menu recommendations and answered all questions.  Needless to say, my spinach and Gorgonzola ravioli was exceptional.  What you should really know At the end of the evening, we were having difficulty getting a cab back to the hotel.  The owner was very attentive and after hearing that we would have to wait 30-50 minutes he promptly took off his apron and directed us to his SUV. In less than 5 minutes we were back at the hotel compliments of Buon Gusto.  After a long week of exhausting meetings and corporate niceties, this was genuine service.  In short, Buon Gusto doesn't do anything different - they just do it better.
4	After the great bread and incredible home made salad dressings, I started thinking that I had finally found a Henderson version of Chicago Joe's (5+ star IMHO).  Well, they were about 80% of the way there.  The Mushroom Sausage Rigatoni was good...not great.  Other dish was ordered with shrimp and showed up with chicken...we complained a little but ate it...and it too was simply okay.  In short, I'm sure well go again, any place can have an off moment/day.  One other note, prices were a little high for the dishes not to be excellent.
5	First, let me preface this review with some background.I married a wonderful Italian woman who loves to tell stories of growing up in Denver and visiting the checkered tablecloth and candle restaurants of that city, especially the one owned by her uncle.  When we first entered and sat down, I saw her looking around and getting a little misty-eyed with nostalgia.  The menu did not disappoint either.  This is not a trendy joint with dishes prepared in the latest fashion.  This is the simple, home-cooked staples of an Italian family: gnocci, pasta with sauce (which the waiter refered to as "gravy", always a good sign), and a pizza take-out service that was hopping the entire time we were there. My wife ordered the gnocci, and after sampling the dish, shoved one in my mouth saying "That's what a gnocci should taste like!"Don't expect fancy, but do expect great traditional Italian food served with a minimum of fluff and fancy.  My wife and I have made two trips back (30+ miles each way) since our first visit, and both visits have affirmed our first impressions.  Take the time to check this place out.  I don't think you will regret it!
4	We have never eaten in the dining room, but Buon Gusto  is now the only place from which we will order pizza.  It's worth the shlep to pick it up as they don't deliver.  The crust and sauce are perfect in consistency and taste.  Another great item is the house salad dressing...I wish they would sell it by the bottle!
1	I used to love to love this place! Steve was a great restaurateur! However the new owner should have taken some lessons and certainly not changed the menu. We waited an hour and a half to have our entrees come out looking nothing like what I was used to. The Chicken Francese  came out all mixed together and they put red sauce on it. The sausage on my Dates plate was ground sausage ....which would have never left the kitchen before!  I'm only giving one star because the Drinks were cold and refilled. Saying sorry for the delay and blaming it on staff not showing up only goes so far.....
5	I can't say enough good things. I was going there on a first date ish so I was kind of uncomfortable, but when I walked in it was like I was walking into my Auntie Angie's house with fifty of my relatives. It was that homey warm feeling that is only created by one thing - love. The food is awesome. Just all of it. I felt welcomed there and wanted and they just get it. Tommy one of the owners stopped by and chatted with us for a bit (This was like a month ago and I still remember his name - I hope.) I work in the service industry and I take a lot of pride in my job, and it is nice to see that there are others that do the same. If you're a local, support locals running a business. You won't be disappointed. This is one of the best experiences I have ever had in a restaurant, period. Thank you!
5	Great Italian. Very friendly service. Owner seems to genuinely care about his staff and customers. Waitress was very attentive, made sure to refill our drinks often.  She also forgot to ring in something that we ordered, but immediately told us once she realized. I appreciate when service staff is honest, and it turned out we were stuffed, so we decided to just get it to go. It's a small place, but they seem to be always busy. (may have to wait for a table, but totally worth it) Now about the food:Meatballs are very flavorful (I recommend adding them to the top of the manicotti dish, which is now my favorite. The soup of the day was chicken pot pie, and it was seriously one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. Sooo yummy. Other entrees I'd recommend are lasagna, baked Ziti and the gnocchi. I haven't tried the pizza, but I'll definitely be back.
4	Excellent service. The service is probably what stuck with me more than the food. The restaurant is located in the corner of a shopping center on Horizon Ridge and Eastern -- pretty difficult to spot unless you are familiar with the area.Inside of the restaurant is compact, charming, and homely (in a comforting way). The male server that greeted us may have been the owner. He was interested in hearing how we heard of the place, made sure to explain the menu and offer suggestions based on some of his favorites, and checked in on us regularly throughout the meal.We opted for the calamari "best in town" as an appetizer ($8.95). It was fine, cooked tender but overkill on the batter.The food, or perhaps what I ordered, wasn't mind blowing or innovative. It was simple chicken marsala, and sure maybe it is partly my fault for going for the basic, unimaginative option, but to my credit the menu did claim "best marsala in town". Not sure that I will agree there. There really is only so much you can do with a straightforward dish like that, hence why I will not dock them more than a star for the food. The chicken was cooked well, marsala wine sauce was fine, and the mushrooms were...mushroomy? The meal did come with the option of soup or salad; I opted for the chicken and mushroom soup. The soup was really, really good. I also opted for a side of baked ziti in regular tomato sauce. That also was not very memorable. But the meal was a great value for $16.95.I love Italian food, it is the first type of food I learned how to cook and excel in, so maybe I should just not go out to eat at Italian places because my expectations are really really high. I go as far as making my own homemade pasta and sauce with as many natural and fresh ingredients as I can.  I have yet to be wowed by an Italian eatery with the exception of Scarpetta.
5	We LOVE Buon Gusto's food.  We have eaten at Buon Gusto a dozen times now so I have a good sense of this restaurant and its fare. This is simple Italian cooking done well.  There's no pretense to this little restaurant at all. There are not a lot of tables, and it always surprises me that there isn't a longer wait.  I suppose people calculate the wait potential based on their small seating area beforehand. I know we do, and we've only been one Friday and one Saturday because we fear a long wait.The service here is excellent with the exception of one waitress who is slow, unable to multitask, and inattentive, but the excellent food overcomes her inabilities.  ALL of the wait staff are friendly and courteous though. We have a few favorites on their menu, and I think all are their signature items.  The Artichokes Italiano are fantastic.  A prefect combination of creamy, acid, saltiness, and garlic.   Use the bread to mop up the remaining sauce, it's THAT good.  You can't go wrong with ANY dish that uses their roasted red pepper sauce.  The sauce is creamy and the sweetness and toastiness of the red pepper shines through right up front and you get nice peppery notes on the finish. A wonderful sauce.The Sausage and Mushroom Rigatoni is excellent.  The fresh mushrooms are not overpowered by wonderful sweet Italian sausage.  The tomato cream sauce brings it all together for a truly well balanced pasta and meat dish. Finally, finish it all with their home made tiramisu or with their salted caramel gelato.We love Buon Gusto.  Love the food, the staff, and the service.  I almost hate to write a review that sings its praises as we want to keep this lovely little gem of a restaurant all to ourselves.
4	Small trattoria tucked away in an Albertson's strip mall. Look for the big yellow shoe/car in the parking lot that is right next door to this wonderful Italian food nook.Fresh dishes with just the right amount of spices! I always bring friends there and they love it!
5	Outstanding Italian Restaurant! We were all thrilled.
2	I don't mind eating with other people, but I felt like I was in the closet. My table was literally in the runway for the kitchen and a freeway of customers and severs were constantly hovering over me and wanting in line to get by on the single lane isle. Service was a little slow as was waiting for the food. We brought the kids, 3 and 4. They were very understanding and kind to my little monsters, which I really appreciated. They were "real" people. But that being said. My primary reason for being there was the food. I like cheese. I love cheese. But if I can't see my main course because an impassable mountain of cheese is blocking me, then that would be too much cheese. After I mined for my noodles, my meal was actually pretty good.So interesting place put needs some refining for me to return.
4	Good Italian food, large portions, reasonable price. Small, family owned. Never disappointed. The bread with garlic olive oil n balsamic vinegar excellent! Save room for dinner though. : ))
4	One of our favorites. It is hard to just order a Pizza for take out.  You need to throw in some artichokes, a salad, some spaghetti and some extra meatballs.   Stop and get a nice bottle of wine and your in heaven. Dining in is a lot of fun - not at all fancy just fun with good food.  Highly recommend it.
5	Wonderful food and very friendly service. It's a small neighborhood place  with character. Pizza and salad both excellent and they bring you warm bread with olive oil and balsamic.
5	Ate here for the first time this weekend and was blown away by the baked eggplant.  The Chef came out and talked to us and he was very friendly, as was the wait staff.  I had a great experience there and the food was amazing.  Do yourself a favor and eat here!!!!
5	Delicious food! Amazing staff! Very cutesy atmosphere! Will definitely be returning here as soon as I am back in Henderson. Excellent prices and delicious options! I had the sausage and mushroom rigatoni which was amazing! The portions are huge! My niece ordered the kids menu ravioli and there were over a dozen ravioli's in her dish. My sister ordered the spaghetti and meatballs... oh my! The meatballs were delicious! Amazing little place hidden in a very boring shopping center. However, once you're inside, the interior is amazingly cute. They offer eat-in and to-go orders. Can't wait to eat here again!
4	I love this small, local Italian restaurant!  Being from NY, I often long for those non-chain gems.  The ones whose decor is charming and welcoming; where the service is genuinely hospitable; where the food is like a warm reminder of home cooked family dinners.  This is one of the closest I've found to that in Las Vegas. We noticed right away how small the restaurant is, but I like that about it!  It wasn't overly busy when we went but I could see how it would get tight at dinner time on weekends.  The food was delicious!  It had the authentic home cooked meal flair.  The portions were so generous.  I took half a plate of baked ravioli home because I just couldn't finish it.  And I'm so glad to have leftovers to enjoy!  Even the side salad was a great mix, although I wasn't as crazy about the house balsamic vinaigrette as I thought I'd be. We often get coupons for this place in the free newspaper that comes to our door - either 3 dollars off a pie or buy one meal get one 50% off (good only during the week after 4pm).  But there's also a yelp check-in offer for the same.  Every penny counts, especially since dinner can rack up when you add wine and desserts (which are pretty reasonably priced!).  Will definitely be back here for dinner and to try the pizza, especially since I'll only be 10 minutes away soon!
2	Food was extremely high priced for a place with only 12 tables. Pizza wasn't anything special--kids size was same as mine, but kids pizza is $7 and mine was $16.00...not sure how that makes sense.  My boyfriend ordered the Buon Gusto chicken and it was terrible. We would rather have gone to Grimaldi's, Maggiano's, or Firefly to spend that much money.
5	What a lovely little spot! Its very tiny inside, maybe ten small tables total, but the food is fabulous, the servers friendly, and  the interior cozy & inviting. I had the signature twice-baked eggplant. OH. MY. GOD. WOW was that good! Brought tears to my east-coast vegas-weary eyes. The sides were delicious, the pizza piled high with toppings, the bread fresh and hot... Its a winner folks!
5	Just like being back east! Always up to par. Great service, fresh home made food, cozy atmosphere. My favorite place to go to for incredible Italian food. They never cease to amaze. Some of my favorite dishes are the Veal Trieste, chicken francaise, chicken Marsala and rigatoni with sausage. These dishes are mind blowing! Even the traditional eggplant parm or lasagne is made perfectly. They know what they're doing here. Always a favorite!
5	Just had the pizza for the first time and it was amazing.  True east cost style and taste. and the sauce and great crust were great!.  Been here many times for dinner in the past and was concerned when ownership changed hands.  Haven't been back for dinner since new owner and chef took over but from the review looks like they kept up the amazing food.
5	Buon gusto is the bomb.  Pizza is really good.
5	Excellent service and the food was spectacular. Would definitely go there again. Our waiter had some outstanding recommendations, which we took advantage of.
4	its a small family owned Italian restaurant, alley kitchen type. The pizza is very good. I enjoyed my linguine and clams its the old school Italian way mama makes it... without the nagging.
3	Veal parm was bland. Other veal dish bland also. Ceaser sal. mediocre.. Cuginos across from UNLV is waaaaay better! And cheaper!
4	This cute little restaurant is quite good. I have eaten here half a dozen times, and will definitely return soon. I love the meatballs, and the pasta dishes, next time I will try a pizza. Check out this place, you will not be diappointed
5	One of my favorite Italian places in town, always coming back for more. The manicotti is awesome along with the fresh bread and dipping oil !
4	Great experience.  Food was excellent.
5	We found this place by chance. We were originally going to go to guisseppes. Thank god we didn't go. This place was amazing. It's a small place but very intimate. Staff was so attentive and welcoming. Food was awesome. I got the lobster ravioli and my boyfriend got the "boo boos baked spaghetti" both were delicious. For dessert we ordered the pumpkin gelato. It was so creamy and hit the spot. Definitely found my spot!
3	Service Was Great. Food was Meh.
4	I was in town to run a half marathon and I was looking for a local pasta place.  I checked Yelp and found Buon Gusto.  The ratings were great so decided to give it a try.  I can honestly say, it was worth the trip.  The place is really small and certainly local.  We arrived early (4:00 pm) since we had a show to catch, but I knew I needed to eat prior to the show.  The restaurant was already getting busy even at this time of day.  We were a group of 5 so we were seated at one of the 2 larger tables.  The waitress was really friendly and helpful.  The food was amazing. The portions were ok, I would truly recommend the side portion dishes as they appeared to be almost the same size as the full portions but they are way cheaper.  The only thing I did not cared for was that we had to keep asking for more bread ( which the bread is awesome and could not get enough of it :) so we asked for additional bread since we were 5 adults and the bread is not large.  But once we asked we got more bread, so it was ok.  Overall, the food maybe a bit more expensive than a chain Italian place, but I rather pay a little more for a small local business that the food is good.  Not to mention, they serve Coca cola products, which is awesome.  Many restaurants in the area serve Pepsi, it is just not the same to have a "Pepsi and rum"...
4	Walked in to the smell of cleaning agents.  They had mopped the floors.  It was nice and warm inside, brick wall paper, picnic table cloths Christmas music on the radio. Server greeted us quickly.  Ordered Caesar salad with my spinach and cheese ravioli. Our salad was sitting on the counter for 5 min before being brought to our table.  We found ourselves waiting for the main a bit longer than we anticipated.  The server apologized for the wait.  I requested my ravioli with Alfredo sauce.  It tasted great!     The sauce nice and thick. I remembered reading on the menu that our meal comes with bread.  I asked our server he responded, "would you like some?"   As we are once again waiting... I find myself slowing down so that I can save some pasta to enjoy with the bread. Yayy! The bread is here.... Nice little loaf. Soft and warm inside with a thin harder crust. I was in the mood for dessert but opted out to avoid more wait time.  Our check was brought out on a cute plate that looks like a slice of pizza.  Looked cool against the picnic table cloth. We waited for everything except for our bill.  The prices looked good on the menu $8 Lunch with salad.   My ravioli was around $10. It would have been a good price, but I was charged $2.95 to change my sauce and an extra $2.50 for Caesar instead of the regular side salad.  The server did not inform me of any of those charges. Overall the server was pleasant, my food tasted good, but I would have liked our food to come in a timely manner.
4	Food so good I'd lick the plate. Service makes you feel like your in a four star restaurant. T
5	Delicious!  I've had the lobster ravioli, fettuccine alfredo, mushroom ravioli, and various tortellini dishes.  I love love love their house dressing (Italian type vinaigrette), and the chunk of bread you get with every meal.  We have yet to dine in, as we tend to do a lot of take-out for our date nights while the kids are in bed, but I have no reason to believe it would do anything but improve our opinion of the place!  It's my current favorite Italian place in Vegas/Henderson.
5	I have had Buon Gusto bookmarked for some time, and I finally went for lunch.  Very glad I did.  I arrived before noon on a Tuesday and was the only person in the joint.  I was served immediately.  I had the chicken parmesan sub, which comes with a side (choice of fries, cold pasta salad, or dinner salad) for $6.95.  This is a substantial sub, the length of the bread is not long, maybe a little more than 6 inches.  But, it's PACKED full of sauce, cheese, and a perfectly fried chicken cutlet.  I'd rather have more items in the sandwich and a shorter roll than a foot long roll with hardly any ingredients.  So, this was perfect for me.  Everything went together well, the sauce is seasoned well and the chicken is juicy.  This is a great example of what chicken parm subs should be.  And, served with a side for only 7 bucks!  Great price.Because it was my first time and I had read good things about the meatballs (I also skipped breakfast, so I was sufficiently hungry) I decided to get the side of meatballs, which is $5.95 for 2 large meatballs smothered in sauce.  These were fantastic.  I didn't finish one, like I said, I had the sandwich, but I took the remainder of the meatballs home.  They were even good cold.  Juicy and paired well with the sauce.  These were winners.Buon Gusto is a fantastic neighborhood Italian joint.  It's reasonably priced and operated by friendly people.  This is what small neighborhood restaurants should be.
4	This little hole in the wall packs some big taste. We came to this family-owned Italian restaurant to celebrate our friends' engagement.  They are regulars and said we'd love the food; they were right.  We were greeted warmly and informed that the food would take a bit longer due to a large catering order that the kitchen was also cooking.  No matter since it didn't seem like much of a delay at all.  We enjoyed bread, dinner salads, and conversation before our main courses arrived.  I had the chicken marsala and it was a generous helping of three pieces of moist chicken with a very tasty sauce and lots of mushrooms; I highly recommend this dish!  Believe it or not, I didn't have any pasta, but my friend's spaghetti and meatballs looked delicious.  I love little hole-in-the-wall places like this over a chain restaurant any day. The service is friendly and the food is good.PS-our friends are having Buon Gusto cater their wedding reception, which means I get more chicken marsala tonight--grazie!
4	Went there NYE for dinner and had a great experience. Waitress was funny and had a great knowledge of everything on the menu. The only thing I found wrong with this place is that it is a little too small for the amount of tables in it.
5	Last night was the second time I have eaten here and it was just as amazing as the first time.  Around Halloween they serve up a seasonal pumpkin lasagne that is delicious.  Last night I had the lobster ravioli with creamy roasted red pepper sauce that was spectacular. We love the quaint atmosphere and that this is not some generic chain Italian place.
1	If I could give it 0 stars I would. We have gone here for years and enjoyed the food and service from the family owned restaurant. Well....just went today and either it has changed hands or is under new management. None of the previous family owners or staff were there. It was sooooo dark in the place that we had to use the flashlight on the cell phone to read the menu. We should have left at that point.My partner ordered a lunch special which was a slice of pizza and a side salad. I ordered a hot sandwich which also came with a side salad. I asked what dressings they had and when the waiter mentioned caesar dressing I said I would have that. He then told me that caesar dressing was $1 extra. Told him not to bother. We then ordered our drinks. He never bothered to bring staws and we had to ask for them.About 5 min later my partner was served her pizza and salad. Her salad had ranch dressing on it but you had to really look to find any. Guess ranch is expensive as well?? I got my salad. After about another 5 min I asked if there was a problem with my sandwich and was told rather rudely that it took time and would be ready soon. Another 10 min and my partner had already finished her food and I told they guy to forget the sandwich and bring the bill. He rudely told me it had only been 5 min and it would be ready soon. Anyway he finally bright the bill and had charged us for all the food and drink even though I had cancelled the sandwich before it was served. We gave him a $20 bill and asked for change.The revised bill and change did not show up so went to the counter and told him to give me the change and to revise the bill. Eventually another person came over and revised the bill and we got our change and left.I have not had this rude of service anywhere in years and not once did anyone in the restaurant apologize or even say they were sorry. The pizza was just ok, dont know about the rest of the food.....never got any. The staff even had the nerve to suggest that rather than change the bill they would fix the sandwich to go. It would only take a couple of minutes. !!!! Right !!!!!Anyway dont know when it changed hands but this place is horrible now. Will not go back...you could not pay me enough money to return.  There are many more places to eat in the area and suggest you try any of them....they cant be as bad as this place. No wonder they had so few customers.
5	Lovely place!! Sometimes the best spots are right around the corner, hidden and unnoticed. The ambiance is very Italian!! Lol I feel like I am in an Italian village upon sitting down. The servers are extra courteous! I love it! :) Very respectful. The food is really good!
5	A local favorite.  Fresh baked bread hot out of the oven with a delicious garlic, balsamic vinegarette to start.  A crisp Caesar salad and the Penne e Broccoli(I like the wheat penne).  Dinner was delish . Love the service here.  It feels like home. I recommend this to anyone looking for a genuine Italian homemade dish.
4	One of my girlfriends invited us out to this place with the promise of everything tasting awesome on a Friday night.  It's located in a small shipping center and if you're driving by, you would miss it!We had to wait for a little bit, probably 20 minutes, but this place is small and it was 6:30 on a Friday night.  While we were waiting, the kitchen gave us free garlic knots.  Once seated, we were seen by our waitress immediately for drinks and appetizers.  We ordered the fried ravioli, cheesy garlic bread, and  calamari. Everything was good, but the fried ravioli was the best I've ever had!  It had plenty of filling and just enough crisp.For dinner I ordered Bobos baked spaghetti and Sean ordered lasagna. It was all very tangy and delicious! If you hate garlic, maybe you won't like it so much but we do and we loved it! It was even better the next day.We'll definitely be back for date night!  It's family friendly and has a nice dark atmosphere.
3	Went for lunch and was pretty excited based on all the good reviews. Unfortunately I wasn't too impressed. Maybe they do Better dinner wise? My boyfriend and I both had sandwiches. They were alright. Only one older gentleman was really doing any work, our server. Willing to give it another shot though. Will probably order dinner to go instead.
1	This restaurant "used to be great."    It was recently sold and the new owners have made some changes that we really feel have made this restaurant a "no go" for my husband and me. First, I have given this place a "second try" hoping that the new owner was just getting it together.    We arrived on what appeared to be a slow Tuesday evening.   I had to wait for 5 minutes before being seated - this is a small place and they were not busy!   I was finally shown to a table which was next to the kitchen......hello, could you have given me a better table towards the back?   I sat and waited for my husband to join me about 10 minutes later.    The food we ordered was extremely salty!    When the Owner came over to ask how our meal was, I told him the sauce was extremely salty and I couldn't eat it.   He then, get this, told me that only seniors from Sun City Anthem tell him this and they aren't a very good judge of food due to their age.   What??????    He also said that he hears this about once a month.......really?BTW, I ordered the chicken Parm dinner and the presentation was awful and the chicken was pressed, processed chicken.    Never returning to this restaurant.     If I could give this restaurant no stars I would have done that in this review.
5	Great food!! Excellent service!! Chicken marsala...new favorite!! Also had chef Joel's homemade bread pudding...let me just say OMG! Awesome!
4	This is a surprise strip mall find. It's a tiny spot, tucked away at the very end of the strip mall. It's nothing fancy to look at it, but it's cute and has an authentic feel. It can get busy, but we only had to wait maybe 10 minutes for a table to free up.The staff were very polite, friendly, and attentive. Our waters were never empty, we were checked on numerous times, etc.It's a pizza, pasta, and other Italian fare restaurant (duh). I was quite excited to see penne alla vodka on their menu (a serious fav of fine). They also have some delicious sounding raviolis and other pasta items. Everything we ordered was great and delicious. Portions are good - not overwhelmingly large, but you might walk out with leftovers. And most everything comes with a soup or salad. Neither are anything particularly good or fancy, but they get the drop down. The bread and olive oil garlic dip is delicious.They have a small drink menu with at least one of most types of popular wines and some bottled beers. It's nothing to write home about, but it's enough to compliment your meal.All in all, a very pleasant meal was had here. We were well taken care of. The food was yummy. And everything was decently priced. So yay! I've found a new neighborhood restaurant.
5	This is the best Italian place in Henderson as far as I'm concerned. And a bunch of people must agree because the last two times I've been we've had to wait for a table. It's small, but the food is outrageously good. Especially for the price. The team of regular servers that you'll see everytime you go are outstanding. The prices are more than reasonable considering the quality.  Secretly I hope not too many people find out about this place because it's clear they are going to blow up and then it will be impossible to get in. They are destined for a much bigger space. The pizza is excellent, but the pasta dishes are the stars here.
2	Went on a Mon eve with 3 others based on a friend's recommendation. The food was average @ best. Calamari and pizza were average. Crab cakes were horrid; deep fried to resemble oily hockey pucks and for 18$, expected a bit better than freezer to fryer. Wine helped.Chef/new owner stopped by table to ask how food was and gave honest opinion that crab cakes usually not deep fried, particularly Italian style. Chef said that he could not change the recipe as he has so many regulars. I would question the palettes of that demographic. He asked where i was from originally and when advised from east coast he responded that east coasters are too picky about seafood. Eh? He is young and in need of serious guidance on customer relations, Italian cuisine, freshness, and interior design. Maybe a visit back east is what he may need?Am giving it two stars as our server was quite friendly and helpful.
5	I came here on a Sunday afternoon when the dining room was closed but they were cooking orders for pickup. I had a really nice chat with Joel while I waited for my pizza and gnocchi. Nice people run this place and the food is delicious. I've been here several times between 2012 and 2014 and have had consistently good food and good service. It feels good to support local business and be enthusiastic about it. This place has always been great and continues to be.
4	Went the other night with the fam and had the gnocci with pesto cream sauce...OMG!!! It tasted like little pillows of heaven. Is it sad to admit I'm still thinking about it 3 days after I ate it. Can't wait to go back and have it again.
5	This restaurant is a family favorite. Whenever we descend upon Vegas, we always make a point to have dinner from Buon Gusto! My favorite (and always will be) is the Penne alla Vodka. But honestly, every item that we have ordered has been amazing!
5	Just wish I had been here before now! Have seen it for years. Finally made it in as a friend took me for bday!!! I am somewhat jaded about Italian because lived in NY for years. Love pasta sauce.. pizza. Atmosphere and service. Great for family night out.. date night. Or take out. Will be back.
5	My parents have been trying to get me to try this place for months. We grew up with the best Italian food in NY and this place is just like being in a typical Mom & Pop Italian restaurant in NY. The veal parmigiana was unbelievable. So thin and tender the butter knife slipped right through it. The portion was also huge. 3 cutlets filling the whole plate. Had to take alot of it home. We also had the Seafood Del Mar which is basically Seafood Fra Diavolo. Amazing. Just the right amount of kick in the spicy marinara sauce. Tasty muscles, clams, shrimp and calamari. Very friendly and attentive staff. Very reasonable prices. Highly recommended.
5	Great lunch specials.  Great service and I love there meat ball sandwiches.  Definitely a great local family owned restaurant. An asset to are neighborhood.
2	We decided to try this place because of the other (mostly) great reviews on Yelp and it was close to our house.  I was craving Italian and wanted to try a non-chain restaurant.  We arrived at the restaurant at around 630 on a Wednesday evening and the place was full.  It is a very small restaurant with about 8 tables total, but we were seated and greeted very quickly and with a smile.  I will say that the service we received was very friendly - no issues there.I ordered the baked lasagna and added a Caesar salad ($3 surcharge), my wife ordered the shrimp scampi, my son the spaghetti & meatballs and my daughter the kid's fettuccine alfredo with the broccoli cheese soup.  We were provided a bread basket with oil and balsamic vinagarette - tasty.  The ambiance was fine, although we were seated right next to the kitchen door - it's a small place, so that wasn't really an issue for us.We received our salads and soups and I will say that both me and my son were disappointed with the caesar salads - the lettuce was drenched in dressing and it wasn't very pleasant.  I certainly don't think it was anything special to warrant an additional $3 upcharge from a regular salad.  The soup, however, was very tasty.  Our entrees arrived shortly after and after tasting a few bites, we all looked at each other with a level of disappointment.  The food is NOT bad at all; however, we certainly have had much better at other places.  The meals, in general, were very bland.  There was nothing special about any of the entrees and it certainly did not warrant the price $15+ each.  There are a lot of Italian eateries in town and there was nothing at this place that would compel me to return.  We wanted to really like this place as we are all in favor of supporting family-owned businesses, but the taste has to be there and it wasn't for us.
3	This is a little Italian restaurant nestled into a strip mall on Horizon Ridge/Eastern.  I liked the cute, casual, Italian chef-style decor and the service which was very friendly and attentive.  The bread was delicious...I wasn't even hungry anymore when my food came!  The ravioli was good...but nothing spectacularly awesome to set it apart from any other Italian joint.  My husband said the same about the ziti.  I would return to try out their lunch specials, but I can't see returning to spend 40 plus dollars on dinner.
4	We decided to come here on a whim wanting to try something new and it was actually really good. My husband got a large pizza with chicken and sundried tomatoes. I ordered the chicken Parmesan.  The pizza was okay but the chicken Parmesan was very very good.  I would come back for the chicken Parmesan for sure!  The manager was very nice and talkative but our actual waiter wasn't that great; maybe it was just an off night for him.  The gelato was super yummy too!
4	Finally had the time to try this place since it's been in my bookmarks for quite a while. It has a really casual feel to it and was really clean. Their menu had a lot of different options of pastas, entrees, pizzas, salads and sandwiches including 8 lunch specials for $8, Tuesday- Friday, 11-4pm. I wanted to try them but I  was craving pasta and for some reason I'm really weird and feel like if I have pasta without any meat/chicken (what all their pasta lunch specials were ), I feel like my meal is incomplete. I know I know, I'm weird lol. Sooo I ended up trying the sausage and mushroom rigatoni and my boyfriend tried the chicken trieste. It took a little long, about 20 minutes for them to come out when there was only us and another small table dining. Oh and all entrees come with a salad and fresh baked  bread but just like Jill D. said in her review they didn't bring us any bread so we asked for it since my boyfriend's entree didn't come with any pasta and he needed something to soak up all the delicious sauce! Definitely ask for it if they don't bring you any, it's a little bread loaf of perfection; warm, chewy and comes with garlic evoo! Yum Yum!!  The main thing I was surprised about and not expecting were their rich and creamy sauces and the fact that they definitely were not skimpy with it or their ingredients. And thank goodness their sauces actually stuck onto the pasta and didn't slide right off.  Usually when I order a type of sausage pasta in other places,  I'll get like 5 pieces of sausage perfectly placed on top and we call it a day but this pasta here was LOADED!!!! I feel like there was 3 links of chopped sausage in there and same with the mushrooms! The pasta also was cooked well, not too mushy or too hard. Sometimes I feel like Goldilocks describing porridges lol but really, it was "just right"! :) My boyfriend's dish was also a little plate of perfection! The flavor of the sauce was just soo delicious! Yes I know, I'm sprung on their sauces lol. It had a really nice wine flavor and was loaded with artichoke hearts and mushrooms on top of two chicken breasts. Why is there missing one star you ask? Well, it's because of the service. Everyone was really nice and professional yet I had to request our waiter to fill my water after waiting a few minutes and after he visited our table and didn't notice. I also had to request for the bread. I hate requesting for things, I mean if it says it comes with it, then just bring it out! I also had to request extra silverware when he took it away with our salads but didn't bring any new ones to us with our entrees. However, we didn't have to request our check lol. Don't get me wrong, these people weren't just standing around being lazy, they were all doing tasks and were hard working  but you can't forget about your customers! Overall, better than I expected and will definitely be back especially for the price! :)
4	I love pizza here, you can design your own pizza, that's so great!. However, i decided to give 4 stars 'coz of 2 following reasons:- Your menu makes me confused - Too noisy when enjoying your meal
2	Meh, meh, meh. After waiting 25 minutes and watching everyone who ordered after us get their food first, I was treated to a very generic baked ziti. The sauce was extremely sour and tasted worse than grocery store pasta sauce. My husband had the pleasure of being served linguine del mar with three unopened mussel shells. After pointing this out to the server, he said sorry and quickly rushed off. There was no offer to redo the dish, to bring up mussels that are actually open or to offer a discount of some sort. I'm appalled that the cook either didn't notice the defective mussels or just didn't care. I'm even more appalled that we were expected to pay full price for a dish that did not deliver what was promised.The only memorable things that I will take away from this restaurant are the poor customer service and boring food.
3	My friend and I decided to come here a few days ago since: 1. I had never been and 2. she hadn't been in a while. When we go there, the venue was very small, and we had to move the table forward so we could both sit comfortably (I'm 6'8").The waiter was very professional, which was nice to see. He was able to accommodate my friends tomato allergies and make suggestions around it as well. We looked at the menu and almost everything was at least $14. Luckily, we had gotten there around lunch time, so we were able to chose from a menu of $8. Unfortunately, there is no substitutions on that menu, so my friend could only goose from two dishes. I asked the waiter what the portions were like for the lunch menu, and he said that they were just a smidgen smaller than the dinner plate. We both ordered our drinks and food, and that's when we got bamboozled. They added $3 for the chicken in my chicken Alfredo, and when I asked for caesar dressing, they wanted to up charge me another $2. I said no, so we waited for our meals. My coke was pretty flat, so I was already in a sour mood about that. When the chicken Alfredo got there, it was 40% pasta and 60% sauce. The chicken tasted off and was very watery. We wanted to get dessert, but the next time we saw the waiter, he brought us our check instead of asking about dessert. We took that as a sign and went elsewhere. Overall: 1 star for atmosphere, 1 star for waiter experience, 1 star for allergy accommodations, -1 star for price/up charging, -1 star for food quality. I probably would not come here again unless I had too, and I probably would not recommend it to anyone else.
5	Growing up in New York, I'm accustom to having great meatballs & sauce! Well this place has the best meatball! The service was excellent! We will come back !
1	Waited over 30 minutes for our food. Was it worth it? Nope. Food didn't have any taste I had to season myself.  I don't think I wanna come back again. Poor server was really nice. But What's up with the kitchen? What a shame.
3	Ok...so after viewing their food network episode I tried them as it is near my home.  From a service standpoint the staff were very friendly and attentive and focused on using the customers' name which I thought was a nice touch.   I ordered take out and the food was ready on time.   So why only 3 stars?   It was the food...I ordered a small Boston white pizza that comes with clams.  Unfortunately rather than using fresh clams and mincing them as they do on the east coast the clams were canned and sparsely used.   On the plus side the cheese combination was tasty and I enjoyed the thin crust but it would have benefited by cooking in their oven another five minutes.   I also tried their eggplant sicilian style.   This dish is awesome!   Well done.  It is not breaded or fried rather nicely nestled in tomato sauce and cheese and baked to a light consistency.   This is a dish I would definitely order again.   It came with a small side salad that was simply ok.I ordered a cannoli for desert.   Great crunchy shell however the ricotta filling was overly sweeten ..not the best.    It appears that this place excels at their baked pasta and entree options but needs some improvement on their pizza and side options.Overall. ..I would try again and hope it will be better.
4	I came here twice in the past month with friends locally and then some really authentic friends from New York.  Here is my dealio.a. 5 Star - The chef / owner comes out to talk with you.  Love it!  Very cool.b.  3 Star - Food - Pretty darn good. I had the Shrimp Fradiavolo and you know what, it was okay. I am not sure if it was the small shrimp size or the small quantity of shrimp, it was just okay.  Came back a few days later and had the Linguine Del Mar. I liked this dish much more.  The noodles were just right, al dente.  The seafood was very tasty and tender. Again, they don' tout much in your dish, but this was a very tasty, tender dish.c.  Aw Shucks - My friends from New York are both Italian and I have eaten many italian dishes in New York / Long Island.  They drove here from the strip because I was remembering Buon Gusto from the old days and all I can say was, they were really not I guess, "whelmed"  .  Is that even a word?  They were not overwhelmed or underwhelmed. d.  Service - The week  before the service I had was really great!  The wine was good, the bantering was great and our experience was just right.  This last time, I am not sure how well trained the waiter was, but he got an order wrong, and so two of us started eating our hot dish and the third one came out so late we were done eating and watched her.  I found that odd at best. There was no accommodation, they charged us for everything, but the experience with two people eating , one person waiting and then the other eating after the first two are done, is just plain dopey.e.  Coffee - Now any great italian food needs to be followed by coffee.  I wanted an espresso and they had a Kuerig machine with the cartridges. My colleague asked for a cappuccino and that was when we learned about the Kuerig.  I was going to ask for an espresso, but I decided not too. I do wonder if they have a proper coffee machine or not, but at this point, after waiting for the food like we did, I did not want to linger any longer.I really enjoy supporting locally owned restaurants.  I like the atmosphere, the family feeling, the great decor, the nice people.  I will definitely be coming back.  Just not a five star situation at this time based on my last two visits within one week of each other.
1	Paid way to much for chicken with No Pasta. Giuseppe's  30yards away just as good if not better and they have a $10 menu
5	By far my favorite place in Vegas to get delicious, real, authentic Italian food. The fresh bread is amazing, the lasagna is to die for and the breeding pudding is unreal! This little place has put all the Italian food I've ever had to shame. I crave it weekly. I can't wait to go back again!
2	Well I was hoping but this was better than montesano's Italian restaurant I could tell you right now it is not pizza was subpar the mushroom and sausage rigatoni which everybody raved about on Yelp was okay but nothing spectacular definitely not a 5 star - dish the best thing about the meal was the bread that we had to wait a while to get what's good when I eat here again I doubt it
5	Josh is so awesome! He always remembers me by name and knows my usual order.  Everyone there is so nice and welcoming!  The food is really good and great quality!!! It's family owned and worth going out of your way to find it. You are missing out if you have not been here. A real city secret!!! Love this place!!!!
3	Maybe I came on an off day, but I've been here for 40 minutes without my food. When my spaghetti arrives, it tastes good -but not worth the extremely long wait. The food tasted fine for the price but the wait is what killed it. Felt a little ignored as far as service went even though only two other couples were in the store and they only had 1 call in order.
5	I ordered takeout which consisted of a meatball parmiagian hero and rigatoni with sausage and mushrooms dinner (which included a salad). The rigatoni dinner was excellent. Delicious sauce with perfectly cooked pasta. The mushrooms were fresh and delicious  and I loved the thinly sliced sausage. The meatball hero was good too though I prefer a meatball with more bread crumbs; the sauce, bread and cheese was very good. The staff was very nice and  the wait time to get my order was fast. I will definitely be back to try more!
3	This time the food was not as good as the first time. The meatballs were heavy & dry. The pasta sauce was just too too sweet! We were really sad to see the quality of their dishes going down
5	Small, friendly, great service!!!!Had the lunch special rigatoni with tomato cream sauce. Outstanding!Will return.
5	This place was FANTASTIC!!! I tagged along with my husband on a recent business trip. Wanting to avoid the strip and other crowded establishments I consulted Yelp to find some recommendations.After pouring over the dozens of recommendations we finally decided on this one and could not have been happier!It is a darling little Italian restaurant in a local strip mall and was very clean and welcoming. Our waitress was a young girl- I didn't get her name, but she was AWESOME!! Upon hearing it was our first visit- she went out of her way to explain the menu and give us options that were better than being at home! My husband wanted a very specialized plate that wasn't on the menu and she didn't bat an eye, said it was no problem at all!The food arrived and was absolutely as close to home made as you could ever hope to get! It was the most delicious Italian food I've ever tasted! I'm not sure if I'll ever tagalong again, but if I do, you can bet that will be revisiting this place again!!! I highly, highly recommend!
5	Can't believe I've never reviewed this place!  I have gone for years.Outstanding food!Super lunch specials that INCLUDE salad and a drink!  Great value!Pasta always cooked perfectly by a chef who must really know his stuff.Great for dinner also with all the classic Italian dishes on the menu.
2	I like the food at this locals place but it was crowded the wait for the table was short but the food took over an hour to come out of the kitchen Food was good but I am not sure why there was a long wait. So if it's crowded leave
5	.
4	My wife and I had been wanting to try all the little local Italian restaurants in the Henderson area and ate here last night.  Service was great. Food was very good. I had the pizza and my wife ordered Sausage and Mushroom Rigatoni which was great.  We order a Caesar and Side House salad, both were really good.  We'll be going back and only reason for mark down is that the pizza, while good, lacked the wow factor of a few other pizza places in the area.
5	Me and my family have been to buon gusto numerous times love the food and the staff is great chicken parmesan my favorite pizza is delicious all always satisfied
2	It is very unlikely and rare that I write a review under 4 stars on Italian eateries, because quite honestly, Italian food is very difficult to screw up. (In my eyes and taste buds at least).Gave this place a second chance after my first experience was not great. This time I ordered the most basic; pepperoni pizza. Sadly, once again they could not compensate for my first bad experience. My pizza was hard, almost burnt and tasteless. Customer service was also just as bad as the first time, except last time it was a busy night, this time there were only 2 tables being served. Waitress was missing in action for the majority of the time. She seemed very inattentive of our table needs and to top this all off, our pizza was $23 (without tax.) Not worth the price, will not be coming back.
1	Wow this place used to be great but service is less than tolerable. Walked in to get a table and waited for 10 minutes before anyone would acknowledge we were waiting. We left. Fast forward two weeks tried again to make a call in to go order, the server didn't even know what was on the menu. Hung up this time and called another nearby eatery. Sad to say this place has gone to crap.
1	Went in to use my buy one get one 50% off.  No soup, waitress on the very green side and one little misstep after another not a great experience including having my card run twice due to forgetting to run my discount.    Call us former regulars
1	Regretfully after a very disappointing meal I feel the need to write this review. I have been coming to Buon Gusto for the last 6 years since moving to the area. I always was satisfied. The New York style eggplant was always great. In the last 2 years I find everything has gone down hill. From the inexplicable wait to be noticed and seated to the inattention by the wait staff the evening was a disaster. First the wrong wine, then an awful wine, then a bug in the wine then a cockroach on the floor, a nice evening out gone wrong. After all that, the food tasted bad. I/we won't be returning which is sad because it had been reliable. From other reviews I see I am not the only patron who has noticed these things.
1	I felt inclined to write this review after my experience last night.  My friend and I wanted some good pasta so I recommended we go to Buon Gusto. My friend had never been and I'd been to Buon Gusto several times and always had wonderful experiences there - except this time. It took 10-15 minutes just to be acknowledged upon arrival. No host/hostess was in sight.  After we were seated, they took our order quickly and returned with our salads and then we waited...and waited...and waited. They didn't even offer us bread while we were waiting until we asked. The bread was fresh and soft but the oil was an overkill. Imagine 95% oil, 5% vinegar. 35 minutes later as we waited, a cockroach decided to join the party. It ran across the wall under one of the paintings and attempted to hop in my friend's purse. We let our server know but by the time he returned with something to kill the cockroach, it disappeared. That should have been our cue to leave but instead we decided to relocate to the front dining area. One hour and 15 minutes later plus 2 and a half loaves of bread, our food arrived. I ordered the sausage and mushroom rigatoni, and my friend ordered the champagne chicken. The sausage and mushroom rigatoni was subpar. It was basically rigatoni drowning in a store bought vodka sauce garnished with a handful of mushrooms and cut up sausage. The champagne chicken was terrible. The texture of the chicken breast was like plastic and it was pale in color. Neither of the dishes were hot either. It was definitely not worth $20.00. To top it off, the server was rushing us to pay our bill. They didn't offer to give us a discount on our bill and a manager didn't even come to our table to apologize for the cockroach or the wait for our food. It wasn't even that busy! Honestly, we couldn't get out of there fast enough. The only positive things about our dining experience was the bread and the salad.
4	Love this place for the its NY style Italian restaurant atmosphere. When I'm there I always feel like I'm back in NYC eating in Little Italy. Everyone is friendly and plates are priced/portioned well. My girlfriend and I love doing take outs from here whenever we want to stay in and do dinner/movie night together. She loves their gnocchi with cream sauce and I love their rigatoni with mushrooms and sausage in roasted pepper cream sauce. Each entree comes with salad/soup and bread.I want to try their pizza one day too, since I've heard many good things about it. Definitely give this one a try.
2	Had dinner here two hours ago. Dinner was fine it was the price that through me for a loop. Had a 1/2 antipasto which was excellent for $11.95. Ordered s medium pizza with sausage mushroom and anchovies. Received a large pizza. Oh well we'll just take the rest home. The bill came and it seemed like $49.34 was a lot for the salad one glass of wine and pizza. The pizza was $18.95 no problem but $2.75 for sausage, $2.75 for mushrooms and a whopping $$3.50 for anchovies. I had to ask the server if there were mushrooms on the pizza. He said I can see some. $28 for the pizza and hardly mushrooms  or anchovies. It's a shame. I was there on their opening day in 2002 and been a devoted customer since.  I don't think I'll order pizza there again.
2	I did not eat here, I was looking through Yelp to find a place to eat and I noticed this place had a coupon - so I clicked on it and Ya .. it said Happy Veteran's Day - Vets get 0% off ..... disappointing.
5	I love little places that you randomly see and Check out. Very descent food! I had slice of pizza and pasta! Very good service. It is tiny!! But great service!
