4	Just found this place and was very happy! I was looking for a place that provided threading for my eyebrows and have found it. I had grown my brows out to get a new shape that fit my face and Tori did a great job at a great price. It was pretty painless, quick, and my brows look great! After waxing, my brows would be red for a day or two and this resolved that problem ... no redness :)  Give Tori a try!
3	I love getting my eyebrows threaded and never ever want to have them waxed again! When I had my eyebrows waxed before, I would break out in that area and be red for a while.  Threading gives me the nice clean look that I am looking for.  Torri is great but just make sure she isn't in a rush.  It is a little hard scheduling an appt but once I do get it, I leave feeling brand new!
5	This pace is amazing.  They do threading which is so hard to find in Scottsdale - they also do makeup for weddings!  I love this place as it is so reasonable and I loved the people so much I have become friends with them!  I will be taking my hubby next week - I know he will prefer threading over me tweazing him!
4	If you've never tried facial threading, Tori is your girl! She is an absolutely meticulous eyebrow shaper. I visited her for a quick brow services and was blown away. First, she dabbed my brows with powder to remove excess oil (Me? Oily? On a 112 degree day? Oh Lord, yes!). Then she had me hold down my eyelid with one hand and pull the skin above my brow with the other hand so that she could get the hairs underneath my brow. Next, I let go and she worked around the outside of the brow, pulling up tiny rows of hair quickly and efficiently. I'm used to the stinging yanks of the waxing so I wouldn't say that the threading hurt -- just a minor ouch as she pulled up the hairs by their roots -- but it definitely feels different than waxing. The "ouchies" subsided quickly and she was done with both brows in what seemed like minutes. She finished with a little plucking, a quick trim and a cooling gel. And viola, perfect brows. Seriously, perfect. Someone even complimented me the next day on my well-shaped brows. I love the bright cheery space and the location in Old Town. Hmmm, I may never go back to waxing!
5	Tori is the best eye brow threader I have ever gone to! Shes super sweet, efficient and does an amazing job. Im always so happy when I go see her! Never again would I get my eyebrows waxed, EVER.
5	Since I found this place about a year ago, I haven't had my eyebrows waxed anywhere else.  Tori is amazing!  I have much less redness and a better shape with threading.  Bye bye wings and pointy brows, hello soft arches!  Try it and you won't be disappointed.
4	I had heard a lot about threading before, and it sounded great since I am allergic to most waxes. I was pretty hesitant when I came in though, when I realized my threader was a tiny redheaded girl (every threader I've ever met/heard of was Indian, Armenian, or some other ethnic nationality). It was a new experience that's for sure. It was virtually painless but a little awkward since you have to basically hold up your eyebrow. When we were done, I was shocked. I don't think my brows had ever looked better! She gave me a perfect arch that hard to find balance between to bushy and pencil. I will definitely be back, I just wish they had more convenient hours.
5	Tori is excellent at her work and highly skilled. As someone who used to pluck, then wax I am completely hooked with threading. Using retinol creams on the face make waxing too harsh on the skin.  With Tori and her threading method I have NO skin irritation after. There are no chemicals used on the skin.  My mom is hooked also and has not only her brows done but her full face.  She is thrilled and prefers threading to waxing.
5	Eyebrow wax?  No way.  It's all about the thread.  Tori is absolutely amazing.  She is so accommodating too.  My friend and I called an hour before we showed, and she said to just come on in, and that she'll fit us in her schedule.  We were literally in there for maybe 10 minutes, and then we were out-thee quickest brow service ever!  She knows what she's doing.  All she asks of you is to sort of pull your upper eyebrow skin...which is fair to me if I don't have to deal with any sort of sticky residue afterward, no blotching, no redness-all the irritants you get from waxing, gone!  Threading is just soo good.  It leaves you with the most natural, precise lines.  Thank you Tori!!
5	I moved from NC a year ago and I have tried 7 different places in a year....but now I  have found my girl. I felt right at home and as soon as she started, I knew she was good. I drive 30 min to go to her....she is awesome.
5	I went there about 2 weeks ago and got the "Pumpkin facial". Wow, is only words to describe it. So relaxing from start to finish which was about an hour long. Soothing music, dark relaxing lighting/atmosphere, and the comfy bed you lay in, helped to make this facial the best I've ever received. The girl who did it knew what she was doing. She asked me questions before the facial to determine my skin type and adjusted the facial to fit my skin care needs. The mask she put on my face smelt amazing... So refreshing for the cool weather. Not only did she give me a facial, but a long massage also accompanies it. She could tell I use the computer often, from massages my arms and feeling how tight it was. She was able to tell me things only someone with much experience would know. Afterwards, my skin was literally glowing. Can't rave about it enough. Will definitely be back to Beautif-Eye again.
5	I recently received a facial from Beautif-Eye studios with my wife, and what a pleasant experience. This place definitely a hidden gem! The customer service we received was exceptional! The facial was delightful. Wow! What a good find. I highly recommend you give this place a chance. Summer is a great esthetician with a warm personality and skill for what she does. This place is sleek, clean, and professional. Check them out.
5	I'm super picky when it comes to my eyebrows (having had a really bad experience) but Tori does an amazing job on my eyebrows every time! I would highly recommend this place.
5	I went to Beautif- Eye Studios after yelping threading in the Scottsdale area. I am so happy I decided to come here! Tori was amazing, Very friendly and the studio is failry small which creates a very comfortable feel. Eyebrow threading is only $14 and $9 for first time cients. Tori took her time and paid very close attention detail. My eyebrows turned out great and I will for sure be going back!
5	Yet another pleasant experience with Tori ! ... She truly is an eyebrow artist. She takes her time & really puts a lot of thought into what shape works best for you . I highly recommend seeing her & saying goodbye to waxing !!
5	I've been twice now to have my eyebrows threaded. Perfection. People compliment me on how great I look and can't quite put their finger on what is different (until I tell them). I've been asked if I've lost weight or if I've changed my makeup.They're great about squeezing you in between appointments. I've been a walk in both times and did not have a long wait at all. Tori is the bomb. She evaluated my existing shape and highlighted where there was a difference in width. I've had my eyebrows done all over high end places in New York (paying bookoo dinero) and this is by far the best. Period.Go here.p.s. I just realized I haven't "checked in" in forever. I go to see Toni like clockwork. (Except for an unfortunate period when I visited family back in New York. God I missed her.)  I pulled up Yelp to add the address to my phone book permanently. This really is the way to go.Also, I've been once for a facial using a Groupon. It was much more than I expected. A dermatologist a long time back had expressed that facials were a waste of time. I have to disagree. Yes, there is the relaxing component of being pampered. However, I felt like I was educated on the current condition of my skin and was walked through each step of the facial. (I suppose if you're not into learning what's going on this might not be of interest. But I found it educational.) I had taken a very clear look of myself at home before going for a facial. When I got home I peered into my 10X mirror and was quite pleased. Not only had my pores been cleaned thoroughly, my skin was smooth and soft as butter. When I went to check out I didn't feel pressured into buying anything. However, I picked up two reasonably priced products. (I didn't feel uncomfortable asking for the price on each item either. Nor was I given "the look". You know what I mean.)Anyway, as you can tell by my glowing review I love this place. I just wish money grew on trees and I could go there more often to be pampered.
5	Wow! Thank you Tori :0) I usually dislike threading but my girlfriend convinced me to try one more time with you and YAY I'm super happy I did. Not only do they look beautiful it was not painful like my previous experience!
5	What can't I say about this place they do superb work and take everything you tell them into consideration I LOVE TORI's work on my eye brows ^_^   She's amazing !
5	My first visit is just my first of many! Tori is talented and patient; a great combinaion!
5	Confession: I'm someone who waxes and shapes her own eyebrows. However, this summer, I was feeling like I needed to hand over my precious brows to a professional to re-shape them. With that, I agonized for the last two months over growing them out. Believe me, it's more difficult that you think!Once the brows reached the bushy point of no return, I searched yelp to find someone who could bring these babies back to life. Enter Tori at Beautif-Eye. It's been years since I've been threaded. I decided to go with threading over waxing because I've always liked the technique and in my experience, threaders are awesome shapers. The only problem I've encountered is that in the past, the women who have threaded my brows have always made them way too thin.When I visited Tori at Beautif-Eye, she was great at making sure she knew exactly what I was expecting. After a few minutes, I was surprised at how painless the process was. She then showed me the mirror to see if I wanted to make any changes to her work. At the first go, my brows were perfect! With just the right thickness and perfect shaping, I was incredibly happy that I decided to come here. First time clients pay $9. After that, it's $14 for the service - pretty average for the area.For those of you who use some type of vitamin A product on your face (e.g. retinol or retin-A), you need to opt for threading over waxing. This is a great place to go to for that!
5	I have been wanting to get a massage since they added that to their menu and today they were running a deal for $35.  It was worth every penny!  I even dozed off a bit and I never do that.  The staff is friendly, the place is clean and it was really quiet during my massage.  I will definitely be back...
5	My mother and I went to Beautif-Eye Studio last weekend with LivingSocial offers.We each had a facial and microdermabrasion by Alisha and a massage by Kate.First, the massages. I have had a lot of massages over the years and I have to commend Kate at actually doing a real deep tissue massage. I have had  countless experiences where I request deep tissue and that isn't what I receive. Kate really dug in to my knots and made progress on getting rid of them. She also taught me how to massage my sinuses to break up sinus pressure. I went in with a minor headache and left with it gone. Amazing!Second, the facial and microdermabrasion. Alisha did an amazing job and despite my misgivings, I followed her suggestion not to put on makeup after the treatment. I wasn't sure about this whole "glowing" thing, but it turns out that glowing doesn't actually mean greasy or shiny. I was recovering from a breakout before the appointment and the next day I could see the difference in my complexion after the treatment. My face had completely cleared and looked fresher and younger. I would highly recommend this studio and the ladies (Alisha and Kate) as they were both fantastic. I will definitely be going back for more treatments!
5	I have light colored facial hair so everyone thinks that waxing or threading would be easy on me.  Not true.  Many artists simply miss much of my brows.  Not the team over at Beautifeye!  Tori, Marina and Elizabeth are so meticulous and have such a great eye.  They are all amazing!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE!! I always use this place for my eyebrow.  The staff is great very professional.  If your looking for hair removal at it's finest pay them a visit.
5	I am so glad i found this place! I was visiting from San Francisco (but grew up in AZ) and in desperate need for a threading. Now I have been to multiple places in SF but this was by far better than any others I have been to! The woman who did my eyebrows had the most beautiful brows I had ever seen! (always a plus) and made mine just as great.  I wish I could bring her back to the city by the bay.Go here for threading! Especially for your eyebrows!
4	So glad I found this place. I was in town for business and with an important meeting coming up I wanted to look my best....YELP! I called here about 4:00 and they were able to get me in at 4:45 for threading. The lady ( I can't remember her name) did my eyebrows to perfection. They were natural, shaped and most of all clean. I was so happy, that I don't even live here, but anytime I am in the Phoenix Area I will make the drive to get my eyebrows done.
4	I received a Groupon for either a one hour facial or one hour massage. I chose the facial. It was my first time getting one and it was very relaxing. My whole experience was excellent. The only negative would be that occasionally I could hear people talking loudly in the lobby/waiting area, however this was only a couple times and it didn't bother me too much. Regardless I think I will be returning as it gets closer to my wedding.
5	I just wanted to let every one to know that  Beautif _ Eye Studio is the best place for eyebrow ,facial, massage . I am very happy to find this place and have been going there every two weeks in past four years.  I love every single person in this place. They are super friendly and nice.  Merci is amazing person , Tori is super nice and great for threading eyebrow.  In past couple of weeks , I have been doing my eyebrow with Sridevi ,who is amazing for eyebrow threading. I should say I had back surgery done and didn't have a chance to do my eyebrow for two months. They were super bad and thick. Only some one like Sridevi could have saved them.  She did an amazing job and re shaped them . It is very important to trust the person you go to for any cosmetic job ,specially in the face.  I strongly recommend this place to any one who wants to do threading for such a good price. Ladies do not do threading with any one who claims they can do it. If you want to have a perfect eyebrow with super nice people and excellent service JUST GO TO BEAUTIF _EYE STUDIOS. you never regret it...
2	So before I bought the Groupon for the Facial & Massage, I glanced at Beautif-Eye's yelp page and saw they had great ratings. Yay!Except no... After further reading, 90% of these great ratings are for the girl who does the eyebrow threading. My whole experience here was quite simply... Terrible.For one... My 60 minute facial was about 35-40 minutes. I added on the microdermabrasion and Oxygenating Trio. It was a total waste. She steamed my face for maybe 15 seconds? I thought longer would have been more effective. She just kind of slab a bunch of different creams and gels, and I was done. That's it. My pores felt clogged, and my skin did not look or feel better, In fact it was worse. I get better results when I do facials at home. I was so disappointed.On to my 60 minute massage. Let me just say, I could not wait for it to be over! There is no way that "massage therapist" has any formal training or schooling. She was very nice, but so bad at giving a massage. She was basically rubbing lotion all over my back. Then she would poke at tender parts on my body, I would tense up and say "Ouch that hurts" and she would reply with "Just breath. Just keep breathing".  I was laying on the table completely tensed up & miserable, just counting the minutes till it was over. Which luckily, she cut short by about 20 minutes as well (I'm not complaining in this situation).
5	Tori did an amazing job on my brows! I just relocated from the east coast and have been looking for someone new in Scottsdale.  This was my first time having my brows threaded and I am hooked. I already purchased the yelp deal :)
3	Due to a recommendation from the concierge at Scottsdale Fashion Square, I went to this studio for an eyebrow threading.  Prior to coming over, I called for directions and read the reviews on Yelp.  Based on all the 4-5 star ratings, I figured this place was going to be great!  The lady who did my eyebrows did an OK job, she never told me her name.  She was not friendly at all, just did what she was supposed to and told me I all done.  Maybe she was having a bad day???  I asked her if I should pay the receptionist and she just said yes and proceeded to take in the next client.  I gave her a good tip although I was not happy with her attitude.  It makes me wonder how this place got all the good ratings...
4	Had a great 60 min massage here for $35 today   Misty was friendly, sweet and great masseuse for being so tiny!  Ive had plenty of massages in my lifetime but the way she massaged my arms and hands was the best!  Who ever thought that a hand/arm massage was so amazing?  She spent alot of time on my back per my request-.. was a great listener.   The shop is contemporary and clean- much to my surprise since the price was so low.The one downside of this place is that  you can hear the shop music and workers while you are getting a massge.  Wish it was more peaceful but for $35, beggars cant be choosers!
5	Tori Tori Tori...You are the best!!! I have never had my brows professionally threaded but man she knows exactly what type goes with your face shape. She is her detailed and does a wonderful job. I am so happy with my results! I will never ever let myself touch my brows again. Tori is the only person allowed to lay a finger on them lol. If you are worried about it, don't be, you will be in good hands with Tori. She will make you into your best looking you :)
5	Love Tori's excellent brow threading and facials!
5	I've been going to Beautif-Eye since I moved to Scottsdale two years ago for threading (eyebrow and upper lip). Having lived in India and been threaded in Dubai, you can say I have high standards for shaping, threading technique, and have a hard time paying more than $2 for something I know costs .20 cents in other places. However, Mercie (co-owner) is friendly, and kind, and the receptionists always find time to squeeze you in, whether you call and need an appointment that day, or just show up during your lunch break (which I do sometimes).Marina and Tori are absolute pros, and you will not regret coming here! (plus they have a first-time special for new customers, and their prices are pretty good for the US).
5	This review is for Tori. She was very good at the job she did (eye brow threading) She exactly did to my specification though it hurt a little(it always does) but she was pretty patient and careful. I didnt even get a mark on my brow.Iam an indian and we are very choosy about eyebrow threading as we are good at that art. But i found her equally good.Will go next time soon!
5	i love this place! i love tori and get my eyebrows threaded every two weeks! easy to call and schedule appaointments and i'm always in and out no lne waits! i recommend for the best service!i have gotten two masaages here and they where well worth it and only $30 bucks! can't beat that!
2	I had a LivingSocial coupon and Kate was my massage therapist. I have had several massages before this one and I know a good therapist. She took one look at my occupation on the form I filled out and insisted on massaging only my "bum" as she put it (she was not even English). I told her that I held stress in my upper shoulders, back and neck, but she insisted she knew best and that sitting at my desk all day, the only area she should focus on was my bum. She kept telling me to breath, to concentrate only on my breathing, like Lamaze. At one point, she told me to relax my vag muscles (??) and my rectum muscles (??) which, I'm sorry but that was just too weird, it only made me tense up more and now I need a real massage to recover from that massage. She didn't massage any other area as I had requested. I am more stressed now than I was before that massage. I will not return.
3	I hate going to a new place to get my eyebrows done. However, I was pleasantly surprised by the eyebrow threading service. The woman that shaped my brows took the time to ask me how I wanted them, then she told me how she could achieve that and areas that I need to grow out to make things even out. She then took her time to get it absolutely perfect. If you are looking for a new reliable place to get your eyebrows done, give this a try. I will be going back for sure.
5	Wow. I've been coming to see Toni for over a year now. I tell everyone the most important relationships I have in town are with my threader, my chiropractor and my trainer. (In that order.) Eyebrows really matter. I was super worried I wouldn't be able to find a woman with mad skills here. (Having relocated from New York.) Toni, with her bright red curls, knows her way around the treading. Toni has explored a number of styles with me. I've been immensely satisfied with each and every one. People tell me I look wonderful immediately afterwards. I simply smile and try not to reveal my secret. (Then I hand out business cards.)Typical Scenarios...- Did you lose weight? (Well, yes. But not in the last three day since you've seen me.)- Did you get Botox? (No...but thanks. I think.)- Did you just come from vaca? (This is Phoenix. We're on perma vaca. But no.)Guys don't understand what the big fuss about threading is. But if you're on the fence about trying it - I highly recommend it with Toni. The accuracy she can execute is incredible. (We're talking about a row of hairs. Not the scary randomness of wax, nor the pain of plucking.)She's the bomb!Also, I'd spring for the yearly package thing they have. (I forget what it's called.) It runs roughly $36. That offers you a 20% discount throughout the year on services PLUS a birthday massage or facial. NEAT!One more thing, I've been once for a facial using a Groupon. It was much more of an experience than I expected. A dermatologist a long time back had expressed that facials were a waste of time. I have to disagree. There is the relaxing component of being pampered. I was educated on the current condition of my skin and was walked through each step of the facial. (I suppose if you're not into learning what's going on this might not be of interest. But I found it useful.) I had taken a very clear look of myself at home before going for a facial. When I got home I peered into my 10X mirror and was quite pleased. Not only had my pores been cleaned thoroughly, my skin was smooth and soft as butter. When I went to check out I didn't feel pressured into buying anything. I picked up two reasonably priced products. (I didn't feel uncomfortable asking for the price on each item either. Nor was I given "the look". You know what I mean.)Anyway, as you can tell by my glowing review I love this place!
3	I was back home from the UK for a wedding and needed my brows threaded before the big event. The only problem was the Valley is saturated with salons that wax but very few that offer threading services. For ladies with ultra-sensitive skin (like me), threading is a godsend because the thread literally glides over the skin and is incredibly hygienic.Fortunately, I was able to find Beautif-Eye Studios through Yelp and it was close to where the bridal party were getting their nails done that day (logistical win!).Pros:CleanWalk-in appointments acceptedWoman doing my brows knew what she was doing (totally legit), but I have a pretty lush set of brows to work with that just need to be tidied up and I keep it natural - I don't let them get thinned outCons:$14 for eyebrow threading?! Are you insane? I get mine threaded in TriBeCa (NYC) for $7 and in London for $8... but $14 in Scottsdale, Arizona?! Needs must, I suppose.
5	Absolutely LOVE this place. I prefer this location over the Tempe location. I travel all the way from downtown Phoenix to come here to get my brows threaded. Everyone is super nice. I also like that they will accommodate you if you walk-in for an appointment. So glad that I found a place that I can trust my brows to.
5	I am so glad I found Diana at Beautif-eye! My eyebrows have never looked better. I have seen her three times now and she does an awesome job. I love that she takes her time and allows me to look over her work before sending me on my way. She has been helping me grow in my eyebrows for 5 months and offers great advice! Let me just add, I didn't realize how bad my eyebrows looked before I started to see Diana. Brows are such an important part of the face. And for those that feel the service is costly I say she is totally worth the money. Not only is she providing a service but also great advice! I highly recommend Diana at Beautif-eye!!
5	Went here based on yelped reviews and glad I came. I walked in, no wait but maybe it was a Tuesday morning. Diane did my threading and she did a great job, cleaning and shaping my brows. Too bad I live out of state or I would be a regular client. I will visit every time I am in Scottsdale.
4	Tori was amazing !! This is my first time here.  I live on the west side so if I hadn't been driving a friend I would never have found this terrific place.  Thanks so much for squeezing me in and being in the xmas spirit !!! My Brows look fab
5	Ok so I've only been here once but every time I need my eyebrows done I think about this place. The only reason why I havent gone back is that Iv'e been in aesthetics school so I get my brows done for free. Threading has got to be the most paiful thing I have ever experienced (I cried the whole time) but they say beauty is pain and I have to say It was worth every second. She told me the reason it hurt so bad was because my brows were pretty grown out and if you get them done when there at the point of just needing to be plucked its not as bad. My brows have never been so perfectly arched and symetrical. This girl has skills. All my friends still talk about how amazing my brows looked and its been about a year since I was there. Now that Im done with school I am moving home however If I was staying in Arizona I would go back to Beautif-Eye studios time and time again because she did a fantastic job.
5	As far as I know there are only a handful of places that offer threading in the valley. I originally got my eyebrows threaded from a Beautifeye girl but at the now closed Bronze Boutique. I was so happy to learn they still had their salon in old town just a couple blocks away. The girls are always friendly. Not talkative or charming but hey, I'd rather they focus on the perfect brow they create anyway. I have thick eyebrows and most places don't take me seriously when I say I just want them cleaned up but that has NEVER been an issue here. I always leave looking like a million bucks and wondering why I let my eyebrows grow out in the first place. At $14+tip it's a little pricey. I'm from Houston and the salon I go to there is $4, FOUR!!! But like I said, other threading places I've been to in AZ have left me embarrassed to be seen in public so these girls are worth every penny. Plus your first time is only 9 bucks. I was never a fan of waxing because it hurt, you're red for an hour afterwards and potentially break out but none of these are an issue with threading. I promise, once you try it you will never wax again!
5	I had never had my eyebrows threaded (let alone waxed!) before so I was a bit nervous going in. My roommate swears by the place and her eyebrows always look perfectly groomed so I decided to give it a go.Warning - you will definitely get addicted to getting your eyebrows threaded after your first time. They are just so... CLEAN looking. They thread, tweeze the spare hairs, and trim your eyebrows to perfection. Overall, never a wait and quick, efficient, friendly service.
5	Ive been in 3 times now and I seriously love this place! It has been hard finding someone that can thread my eyebrows just right! All the girls are very meticulous  and listened to my concerns. My eyebrows look so clean and crisp when I leave, and it is always easy to get it, especially with my crazy busy schedule!
5	I found this place through yelp, I read that many people were pleased with how tori does their eyebrows. I must say that I am so glad I gave this place a try! I've been getting my eyebrows threaded for years but I've never been so pleased with my eyebrows. Tori is amazing!!
4	I've been getting my eyebrows threaded since I was 16, so the first thing I do when I move to a new place is look for a good threader. Having had the same threader in Vegas for 6 years, I had a really hard time finding a threader here in phoenix who could maintain/recreate the shape I like. There's only a few shops and after bouncing around I decided to stick with beautif-eye studios. Danielle and Toni take their time and do a pretty good job. The only negative thing for me is the location since it's far from my area and the price. The place I used to go to sold an eyebrow/lip package of 6 for $65...it's pretty much double that to get mine done here. But it's the best I could find in the city.
4	Pros: great threading, love how my eyebrows look after visitingCons: rude receptionist, apointments don't mean much here
5	Another great brow threading from Tori! She always does an amazing job. This time I had her tint my eyebrows which will save me time in the morning. They look FANTASTIC!
5	I've been getting my eyebrows and lip threaded for 4.5 years now and I think this is my favorite place. They work quickly and I have always been happy with the shape and cleanliness! Definitely on the pricey side compared to what I'm used to paying in NYC, but that seems to be the norm for Scottsdale.
3	They did a decent job. I've had my eyebrows threaded for years in California by the same girl and she was the best.  I came here and they didn't quite give me the shape I wanted though it could be me cause my eyebrows are very light.  In my defense I went to another threading location and got a great shape. If you're around the area you can try it out for yourself but I wasn't too impressed.  The front desk guy was really friendly though, I love when the front desk is friendly it makes your experience that much better.
5	I've always done my own eyebrows until I finally got tired of the way they looked and wanted a professional to do it. I first got them waxed. It was OK, but not great. After they grew back out, I decided to look for somewhere else to go. After looking on Yelp, I decided to go to Beautif-Eye Studios as they do threading and I've heard great things about threading.I called and was able to make a same day appointment. They also do walk-ins too. Your first time is only $9! Otherwise, it's $14 which is still cheaper than most waxing places. I've been by their building a hundred times but never knew they were located there since they're on the 2nd floor.The inside is small but bright and clean. I was taken care of right away. Diana did my brows and did a great job. She asked me what I was looking for, examined my brows, and went to work. I was in and out in 15 minutes. She also filled them in for me as well before I left.I am a threading convert. It's so much quicker and cleaner. I'll definitely be coming back the next time I need some shaping work.
5	I've been looking for a good eyebrow threader since I moved back to AZ a month ago and I think I've found the place. I walked in and they took me after about 15 minutes.  The atmosphere is cute, clean and professional. Tori is great. She definitely made my eyebrows look a lot better than what I walked in with. I'll be back!
5	Brow threading experts! And at such a great price. It's also quick and painless to make an appointment and wait times are never long if you don't have one.
5	Did a bomb job on my eyebrows and lip! Wasn't overly painful, and looked great.
5	I have been wanting to write a review for Beautifeye for some time now. This is the only place I go for my brows. I have been over waxing since I started coming here two years ago. Threading makes my brows look cleaner more natural and lasts longer than waxing. I'm obsessed and I don't know what I would do if they were not around. The staff are probably the nicest people and you get a small discount for checking in in Yelp. I recommend this place to anyone and everyone!!
5	So impressed with the friendly staff. I felt welcomed. The woman who threaded my brows knew what she was doing. I asked for advice on a shape that would flatter my face the most. I will be returning periodically to work on this. I'm very happy with the service. The salon is very clean. Competitive pricing, not too expensive. This is my new go-to place for brows! I live 30 minutes away but it's worth it because I won't go anywhere else!
5	5 stars! I have been going to Beautif-Eye since day one and have had nothing but great experiences. I have had multiple services here including threading and facials and am always pleased with the results. Tori is truly an expert at what she does and has really helped me with all of my skincare needs. You can tell this is not just her job, but her passion and she truly cares about her clients.  HIGHLY recommend!
5	I have been very pleased both times I have gone. They do a great job and everyone is really nice and friendly!
4	I've gone here a few times. Fairly good. I'm pretty picky about how I like my eyebrows to look. So they do a great job of cleaning them up but I don't get a great shape to them, which is why I'll keep looking for a new place. The place is small but clean and they have a friendly staff. I would recommend them.
5	I've been coming here for three years now based on yelp reviews. Threading isn't as popular in Arizona as it is in other regions in the U.S.  After being introduced to threading in Chicago, I won't ever go back to waxing. Tori is the one I go to and hands down one of the best! If you're looking for affordability and more important reliability, this is the place!
4	Received a very friendly and energetic welcome as soon as I walked in.  I arrived about 30 minutes before my appointment, but was waited on immediately.  Very pleased with my eyebrow threading results!  As a first-timer, I paid $9, but regular price is $14, which is kinda pricey (I paid less in Orange County, CA!).  That said, I plan on returning!
5	I am extremely picky when it comes to getting my eyebrows done. I tried threading once before while on vacation and I was hooked. I would recommend threading over waxing any day. Tori is the best. I have referred many of my friends to go and check her out and they all love her. Now I always go in to get them done exactly how I want!
5	By far, THE best threading I've ever had done.  I'm from Minneapolis where too few threading salons exist and I've had threading done in LA, but this place was amazing.  Diana was fantastic in her skill.  Loved the service.  And the best part?  You get a discount for your first visit.
5	I have never gotten my eyebrows done and almost went to someone far more expensive, but they were booked weeks out. I saw good reviews and good prices for this place and I'm glad I went! The people there were so friendly, making an appointment was easy and they got my sister done as a walk in at the same time they took care of me. They were quick and professional and my eyebrows look GREAT! My sister and mom got theirs tinted and their brows also look fabulous. You can't beat the price either. I will DEFINITELY be coming back!
4	Appt was very quick and prices are good. Your appt takes place in a room with other clients receiving services so if you don't mind that.
5	I've been going here since I moved to Scottsdale. Having very prominent, thick eye brows, I am super picky, but Marina is my go to girl. She has the same obsession for perfect brows like I do and has worked with me over the years to even them out. The staff is super friendly and they have great monthly specials
5	Thelma did my eyebrows right! She calls them guybrows which I found cute! It was a very cute small shop and quick! Anyone who uses wax should stop and come here to get threaded!
