4	It's a huge members-only warehouse wholesaler. What's to review? Actually, my experience with these stores is that they can vary greatly in terms of maintanance. This location is always well-stocked and clean. Even the restrooms are well taken care of, without the wet paper mess that seems to plague other discount store restrooms.Shopping at a warehouse store is always better if you plan ahead. It's never good to just impulse buy. That 24-pack of paper towel rolls or 50-pound drum of vitamin C tablets might not be less expensive than your local grocer if you work it out. And this location in particular is a madhouse on Sundays, with lots of families allowing their kids to run around sampling dishes in the frozen foods section and clogging up the parking lots with their behemoth SUVs. Go on a weekday, early in the day if possible. It's a totally different experience.Costco does tend to consistently stock the same range of items, but they are constantly adding things as they become available or as the demand grows. Recently they seem to be working to include more organic options, and I love that they stock soy milk as well as traditional dairy. This past week I found Dunkin' Donuts coffee, a new item. Looked like a 10-pound bag. Might be perfect for anyone who just can't get enough.One extra note - this location also offeres an independent optometrist and optometry department. It may seem odd to go for an eye exam at the same warehouse store where you can buy tires and bulk crackers, but when my granny reloacted here a couple of years ago this is where she went and they took excellent care of her.
5	Best free meal around. Great demo food on weekdays while the working stiff are downtown. $1.45 Frozen Yogurt a must.
2	I like the products at Costco.....and if I rated the products only, I would rate it 5 Stars....but it only gets 2 Stars from me because:- This store is always crazy busy.- Parking is a nightmare, the flow of traffic is nuts and doesn't make sense.  Too many in/out points.- The layout of the store doesn't make any sense to me at all.  The Kleenex & paper towels are buried all the way in the back right side of the store.  The liquor is split up into multiple areas encompassing 2 aisles and an open area for the wine.  Huh?- The lines for the registers butt up against products and aisles and is difficult to get in/out of the center registers.- The exit is a Cluster-F.....all registers roll into a single lane to get out....when there are a lot of people getting food near the exit it gets really hairy.Will I return?  Only when I'm forced to....which is when I need items I can't find at Sam's Club.
4	I work at the Centennial Costco so I often come here to make purchases rather then going to mine and feeling like I'm at work. I like the are that this Costco is in, very nice shopping center with Best Buy, Borders, Lowes, Burger King, easy access to the 215 beltway. Super, SUPER busy at almost anytime, don't expect to get gas real quick if you're in a hurry, they do a really good job about getting everyone on their way quickly and efficiently though. Only Costco I know of to have Gelato in a waffle cone in the food court, and for a REALLY low price at that! Other than that, it's your typical, busy Costco Wholesale, and very clean. But honestly, don't go on the weekend, save yourself and everyone else the headache!
2	It's important to have high expectations for Costco's. Only because like a good club, you pay a cover. You get in. And have your world rocked.Unfortunately, at this club, your world won't get rocked. It may get ruined. Before I get all negative, there are a couple of redeeming factors:1. Parking is decent. The lot of set up in such a way, that most spots are fairly close to the door via different angles. Important, particularly in the summer.2. The store is fairly easy to navigate and even on it's busiest days, isn't full of jackasses who don't know how to push a large shopping cart.Why does it suck?1. Unlike my Costco in St. George, there is no self check-out. So if you are going to buy 4-5 items, you are stuck behind some corner store owner who is buying his yearly supply of pretzels, Kirkland products (not to be sold to sell individually), and all kinds of other crap. Prepare to wait and hour or two. Bring a book. And a shaving kit, because by the time you get to the checkout register, you'll have a beard. Ok, I kid. Maybe not. But be prepared to wait.2. If you are a foodie, this isn't the Costco for you. Many other Costco's in various cities through California, Utah, and Washington offer a fantastic selection on gourmet foods. For example, I have to drive all the way to St. George to get "Extra Light Virgin Olive Oil". #costcofail3. BATHROOMS!! The bathrooms are not very clean. I consistently report bathroom hygiene because it's important to me. Cleanliness is next to Yelpliness. And Yelpliness is all I can stand. I expect more from Costco. I pay for my membership. It's a club. Let me feel exclusive.The negatives are not necessarily dealbreakers for my Costco membership. There is some real value in being a card carrying member. It's just this particular location that doesn't live up to my expectations. I've seen some really great locations. My standards are high.
4	The Skinny: Costco doesn't have everything but with a no questions asked return policy, quality products, discounted prices, and cheap yet satisfying eats - it really keeps me coming back (4), service: it's not great but what do you expect at a discount center?(3), value: with the multiple coupons, for certain things it's great!I normally try to buy things in small amounts given the limited space in our home. But I can't really pass up the great deals on certain items here especially when there's a coupon in the mail that provides a further discount.I think the quality of their products are excellent. From organic produce to brand name consumer products, there's a lot of stuff to love here. Plus, their discount gas is great. We've saved lots of money using their no-frills filling stations here and whenever we're travelling in the US/Canada.But the real shining part of the store is the amazing return policy. I've returned multiple items, no questions asked with no receipt (yes! you heard me... no receipt!). Albeit the wait times can be a drag at the customer service counter and through the checkout lines, being a member is well worth it.Finally, it's really nice to get a cheap meal here. We stop off for a quick hot dog, fro-yo, or chicken caesar (they don't have hamburgers or Montreal smoked meat sandwiches here in the US which is a pity). The food's is okay and very good value for your money.*****UPDATE******Okay - went to Costco today and noticed they really expanded the cheese selection area and now carry....TRUFFLE BUTTER!!!!! at $1/ounce. That's a monumental deal of epic proportions.
5	I hate you Garmin Nuvi!  Why do you tell boyfriend that the closest Costco with a gas station is in freakin' Summerville/land/whatever - 10.5 miles NORTH of The Strip & where we have to go to head back to Los Angeles???Other than the adventurous trip into la-la land of nada, gas was CHEAP compared to Alhambra and even San Diego Costco!  $2.75/gallon?  WOW!We even ran in to grab a mocha freeze & berry smoothie.  Freeze *thumbs up* - Smoothie *thumbs sideways* 'cos it tasted more like powdered candied berry versus the sweet tartness of real fruit like in LA.And due to the extreme heat conditions in Vegas, they actually were blasting the a/c - AWESOME!
5	If you find yourself in need of eyeglasses...this is the place to go.  My prescription requires a very high correction. Visited all the local vendors, Sears, Pearl Vision, Eye Glass world, Sams, Walmart. Someone mentioned Costco to me....they blew all the other vendors out of the water. They have a great selection of frames, many options are included in the price. Didn't try to up-sell to something I couldn't afford.....When you need new fames/lens this is your one stop shop
3	Costco has pretty good selection but watch their fruit and veggies as it can mold pretty quickly.  Check the dates!  Customer service is okay. Returning items is a breeze( as long as u don't try to bring stuff back on the weekends)Gas is pretty cheap here and they have alot of online and in store coupon deals.
4	I LOVE Costco! Maybe it's the fact that I like stocking up on items so that I know that I am always prepared for whatever may come up. Although the downside to that is that I'm always coming out of there spending at least 100 bucks for a couple of things. For the past 6 months or so, I've been buying tuna steaks from Costco. They have been very very fresh and the price you pay per a pound is super duper reasonable.  For the most part though, I don't buy from the meat department, because I don't need 10 lbs of meat unless we have to feed like 15 people. I do like their preseasoned packaged meats though....some carne asada, corned beef and the smoked salmon! Smoked salmon is so delicious....not the Kirkland Brand. Anyways, Costco has some pretty fresh meats and I always get  to buy a book when I go. I can't resist when it says that original price is 9.99 and the book is 6.99...must be the Chinese in me. Costco doesn't always carry the same items all the time as I found out with the brown rice for the doggy. Yes, the dog eats brown rice. Overall, I am a frequent shopper at Costco and I will continue to be. P.S.  No one can pass up the $1.50 polish sausage/hot dog and a soft drink!
3	3 1/2 stars to be sure.  I don't normally review places that are non-eatery but of course Costco has a food court!Sure you get to 'join' the Costco club for a fee, the parking is horrible on weekends, the gas is fairly cheap, the return policy is pretty awesome...and where else can I get a 10 lb. tub of mayonnaise in case I want a sandwich?  And of course every friggin' time I go there I HAVE TO buy a damn rotisserie chicken!  I dunno what they brine these lil' buggers with but I tell ya' (my guess is it's part crack), it's one of the better roasted chickens I've had.  At $5 bucks a chicken it's the cheapest high I've ever had!Moving on, this is of course about Costco's food court.  One item in particular.  Did you know that Costco now serves gelato?  Good, creamy gelato?  With decently fresh ingredients gelato?  I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw it on the menu!  I just had to try it.  You get to choose from three flavors:  Very Berry, Vanilla Chocolate Chip, and Pistachio.  Wow, so good!  Pistachio was definitely my favorite.  Smooth, with real pistachios in there.  Here's the best part...it's really cheap!  Really!  You can get a waffle cone with three HUGE scoops of gelato (choice of flavors all you) for $1.50!  I ended up trying a scoop of each.  I'd choose this over the ice cream cup any day of the week.  You can also get a pint of their delicious gelato for $4.99.  We liked it so much we ended up driving back to Costco twice in one week...just for gelato!    But of course I just couldn't go to Costo just for gelato so after a brief look at the goodies I got me a yummy $1.50 hot dog and drink as well.  And a slice of their combo pizza.  And one of their new carne asada bakes.  To take home to share of course!  Well, I actually ate the hot dog by myself (still one of the best lunch deals around), ate half of the slice of pizza, and took a bite or two out of the carne asada bake.  Wow, I just realized I really do need to work on my 'sharing'.  But I did share my gelato with my lady mainly because she paid for the food!  I may be a bit selfish but I'm not an A$$h*le  HA HA!    So go to Costco, buy yourself a fresh rotisserie chicken, then stop by the food court on the way out to buy yourself some gelato too.  Just be sure to share if you're not alone!
4	This location is great. They have the gas station, lines are not as long as I've seen when I was living in California, the store is spacious compared to the Henderson location, it feels so cramped over there on the Eastside! Honestly, if you haven't been to a Costco... Uhm, wth is wrong with you?! lol jk, jk. I only come here because my husband likes to lol.Anyway, to those that don't know this was the location of the infamous Eric Scott shooting. Nothing to do with the location, I mean, it's Summerlin the area is great but it's an ongoing thing on the news and an unfortunate situation...
5	Alright, so I live in Summerlin, Las Vegas, not too many homeless people wandering around the burbs, looking for a shopping cart.  Anyway, I'm a big ass fan of this place, it's like Willie Wonkas Chocolate Factory for adults, if you know what I mean.  You can get a lot of great organic food for serious reasonable prices, unlike the food whores at Whole Foods who rape and pillage the organic market.What makes me chuckle about Costco in Summerlin is how wild the customers are for samples, like they've never seen food or have eaten for  a week.  I found this interesting looking woman, gold to the nines and very thining hair, that pushes her cart around to all the sampling stations, but she never has one item in her cart.  I guess it's her weekend buffet.  Now, I've got nothing against old people, I expect to join the club very soon, but WTF, is it really necessary to reach over my shoulder to grab a F**** cracker with some crab on it, dude, there's more food coming your way, calm down.Costco is like Sams Club on steroids.  The merchandise tends to be higher quality and is overall excellent.  Where can you get a big ass rotisserie chicken for under $5, not at home.  This company has figured it out, except for the checkout, what cluster F***** that is on a regular basis.  But hey, you got take the good with the bad, and in my books, Costco kicks some serious retail butkus.
4	I do some shopping at Costco, but I go mostly here for gas.  The bulk buying just doesn't fit our purchasing habits.  I do like the store, however.
5	Costco is my new bestfriend! I had a Sam's Club card before getting Costco and Sam's club got nothing on Costco! Location is great, customer service is great, everything about this place is great. I decided to go here to grab some dinner because I'm on a tight budget. I got the chicken bake, hot dog with a drink and a carne asada bake. Chicken bake is the best thing ever! Grocery wise, I bought some lunch for work. I do have to say that they have way way better choices than Sam's Club. Also, they have some fantab party platters! So hey if your hosting a party definitely Costco is you go to place!
5	I generally love Costco, no matter the location -- I've been to Costco's all over California (Nor Cal and SoCal), and Las Vegas. The $1.50 polish dog and soda deal will always hold a special place in my heart, especially over the collective eight years I've been a (poor) student.  However, this particular Costco now holds another special place in my heart -- I don't know why, or for how long, but this location has started offering GELATO at the food court. That's right -- GELATO at Costco! It's cheap and tastes great. For $2-3 bucks you get 2-3 scoops. They only have like three flavors, including Stracciatella, which is the shiz nitz!!! Love it! I hope Costco starts serving at all locations...or at the very least, the Henderson location!
5	They carry seaweed salad now in the refrigerated section closest to the freezer section. Soooo good!
2	I don't own a Costco membership. I'm mooching off my cousin who has an extra card and looks like me.Let's start with the positives. I like that Costco carries some pretty cool items like paper shredders (yes..flashback to Modern Family Season 1).  We bought a great shredder here and might I say we have prevented identity theft thus far :) Costco has a great price on their organic spinach boxes, their wine and alcohol selection and pricing is decent and they have some items I use like Boursin cheese, Fage yogurt etc at decent prices.  Oh, most of all their environmentally friendly Kirkland detergent is really the bomb, That's really the reason I keep my cousin's Costco card in my wallet.Now from my gripes:I get seriously irritated when I see severely obese people buying industrial sized packages of full fat cheese, trays of butter croissants and bulk bags of chocolates. I don't think anyone needs that much food unless they are feeding a very unhealthy school. Costcos are full of such irresponsible behavior. But I guess it's a personal choice on what you consume but hey, I'm paying part of their medical bills with my hefty taxes! Before I digress too much...back to the issue at hand...This Costco is ridiculously busy at all times of the day and the lines are crazy. So for someone like me who's buying detergent, it's about a 45 minute process to find parking, walk to the detergent aisle and check out. Generally, I can't get behind the idea of Costco because I would never purchase 4 watermelons at a go or a gallon tub of potato salad. Buying what I need from Trader Joe's/Sunflower is plenty for me and it affords me variety in my daily meals since I don't have to (let's say)use up a giant bag of dumplings.Yes, I patronize Costco once every 6 months or so but I don't think I'll ever be getting a membership or crying my eyes out if they happen to disappear.
3	Holy Dantes Inferno must be talking about Costco Summerlin on a Saturday. Parking was a disaster. Almost ran over some people who decide last minute to cross without looking like cars don't exist. Inside no one acts like it's busy and people should be considerate enough not to stop in front of you in the middle of the  alleys to look at their coupons, stare down the aisle, etc. (big rant coming here)Not move when you say excuse me and have to reach when they're just standing there doing something unnecessary- wrapping clothing she was buying in the meat bags....What the fuck is that about?...Why the fuck is it too hard to move your cart a bit forward (in a long empty aisle) so that someone who asked to get by can get to what they need? If I didn't reach my arm over her cart then I would be standing there waiting for her to wrap her clothes. FYI lady- you can wash clothes and should when they're new and they're probably already dirty anyways with people touching them. Whats funny is later she blocked me again and came in line behind us and hit the cart in front of her and almost hit the sale clerk). If your mom wraps her clothes in meat bags when she goes to Costco, please don't shoot yourself. You got handed some really shitty genes, but you can make a conscious effort not to be that stupid. (rant over and if you don't like my real talk writing "style" then eff you- don't read). I know ain't Costco fault really the idiots were out, but it sure doesn't help me like it. Now the things that are their issues is the holiday palettes are brimmed in the front making for a narrow walkway to get in and blocking up all kinds of people at the entrance. With a decent amount of space, they could push some of it a little back at least to electronics. Having people stand and wait for people in front of them to stop looking at holiday shit is unnecessary.The place of busy and in need of more checkouts open than there were. Half were down. On the plus, we came and got what we needed and everything made for a quality Holiday dinner. I won't really go here unless I'm on that side of town....we have one near the home in Centennial Hills and its much less crowded and a better layout. No need to really make a special trip here.
5	How can one person - that would be me - be dumb enough to spend $35 for a SanDisk flash drive during the one 24-hour period when it was NOT on sale?  There was the 3-day Black Friday sale, followed by the two-week coupon, each offering $10 off.  For someone whose first spoken words were "Never Pay Retail," this was a jarring revelation.Ah, but this is Costco.  No receipt?  No problem.  No packaging?  No problem.  Purchased it at a Costco 2,750 miles away, in a state with a different sales tax rate?  No problem.  Everything's in their computer.  I got the $10 returned to me with no effort.In my book, the only reason to shop somewhere else is when they don't carry what you're looking for.  Then again, it'll probably show up one day.  That's the fun part - you never know what you're going to find.  And if you don't find it, well, there's always the Costco Buffet to keep you going while you're looking!
4	Costco, for one single male such as myself, is a dangerous proposition.  One very hungry day can end in the delusional notion that 35 units of Mac & Cheese is a good buy.  Which it is, economically -- the prices here are very rad per unit!  Warehouse stores do that!  But man, I'm still trying to eat through them all after two months.  The best thing to do is to have a friend and yourself buy up here and split it into reasonable sizes!  This works especially well with their low-cost meats.  Divvy up,  freeze, you're set for a while.  Just be sure to remember how much freezer space you do have or else you're going to block up the entirety of it with ready-made foods (which on the whole are very good even microwaved).Don't forget the subsidized hot dog for half a buck!  Eat it or face being hungry in a place that offers you 150 candy bars...
5	Best Costco tire center I have ever patronized.  Friendly, fast, efficient and not a clusterf**k like most other costco tire centers.  And a costco parking lot with spaces on the weekend, WTF?!
4	Take a Xanax if your prone to anxiety attacks from being around a cluster of people. Front of store gives me that cattle-like feeling. But overall there is some pretty good deals here on bulk stuff:-)
4	Costco has always been a wonderful addition to the Vegas valley to add a nice competitive warehouse of everyday needs.  This place is a rival to Sam's Club & Walmart.  I generally love the coupons available online and via the customer service counter.  It makes shopping at this store that much better.My favorite location in town is this one located inside the Summerlin Pavilion Center.  The layout, cleanliness, and selection is second to none.  The service and speed during checkout is also lovely.  It's one of my favorite places to shop and I strongly recommend everyone to join.  The money saved in gas alone with pay your yearly membership fees.
5	Love going on the weekends for the sample booth! My normal top things to purchase (please note that price is an estimate, but very close to actual + a little over and - a little under)Big bag of organic spinach + $4Brown Mushrooms + $3Organic carrots + $3Bag of Celery - $3Bag of Organic romaine lettuce + $3Bag of red apples - $3Bulk of Bananas - $2Organic Soy Vanilla Milk - $4Eggs - $3Bag of Kirkland Tilapia Filets - $16Bag of Kirkland Salmon - $16Bag of Kirkland Ono +$ 16Bag of Basmati Rice - $13Marie Calendar's Chicken Pot Pie - $8Kitty litter w/ lemongrass scent - $8Sea Salt - $4The list can go on and on, which I will continue to update once I find other hidden gems in Costco for great prices in bulk :-)
5	Costco is the spot for cheap gas. I usually swing into this Costco to buy pre-made rotis which are Indian bread. 2 packs of rotis and gas and I'm set!
4	What's not to love about Costco?I come here with my Mom anytime we need a few things for the home here and there. They have a great selection of almost everything and anything you may need! From sweaters, TV's, jewlery, cell phones, pots and pans, to big bags of rice, amazing muffins and custom cakes, to eye doctors and a pharmacy...this place is loaded with great stuff and awesome deals. Not to mention free samples!Their bathrooms are also VERY clean.. Another great thing about Costco is that once you're done shopping, you can enjoy a snack or maybe even lunch! They make everything fresh right there for you.. they even have windows so you can watch them make your order. They have fresh Italian ice cream for under $2.00, hot dogs + a drink for $1.50, a slice of pizza for $1.50 and a whole fresh, made when you order medium size pizza for $10.00. They also sell churros, yogurt, and a chocolate bar ice cream.Its all very good for just a few bucks,.
3	Eh bulk discounts aren't that big of deal anymore. You know what is a big deal? Self-checkout. Get with the times Summerlin Costco freaking Alberstons, has 4 self-checkouts! I will say that I have had many lunches via a sample run, or as I like to call them Amuse Bouche stations.  At the same time Smith's does wine tastings now...Costco you're behind the times.Also the food bar just isn't that appealing since almost nothing is healthy. Yes it is delicious, and yes I do spend $1.50 on my polish and soda and make sure I compensate with free unlimited onions, and relish, but I don't feel good about myself afterwards. Neither does my heart feel right after pounding that very berry sundae and 1/4 for an entire supreme pizza. My wallet is happy that I still barley broke $6, the wasitline less happy because I did break into the near 2000 calorie mark :)I will say you can go healthy at Costco though. $5 for a pound of organic salad?! With $5 for a chicken which is basically a mini-turkey you can make enough healthy food to last a week. Not that you'd want to eat just that for only a week, but you certainly could...
5	Costco has been a part of our  family tradition since the early 1990's.I can't say enough great things about Costco as a brand as well as well as the shopping experience. Often our Costco shopping is a family affair.When time is on our side I enjoy taking a stroll down all of the isles to see whats new. I can't tell you how many laughs and fun memories we have enjoyed in Costco. My little girls love going so that they can try the sample's can be tricky for us since we are vegan but the girls love searching for the samples that are plant based. When they find one boy do their eyes light up and huge smiles follow. I love that everything Costco sells is backed by Costco with virtually a no questions asked return policy. Whether it be a bad piece of fruit or a pair of pants that just don't fit right,Costco will happily take the return...even without a receipt! (they great thing about a membership program is that your items purchased are stored on your membership number. As a vegan eating family I have found Costco to be one of the least expensive places to purchase large volumes of produce ,beans, and grains. You can only imagine how much a family of 4 can go through a week in plant based foods when you aren't eating any dairy or meat products! My two favorite products to buy at Costco are the frozen berries and fruit ...we make smoothies every single day so organic frozen produce in smaller bags sold at local grocery store cost an arm and a leg but Costco's organic frozen fruit comes in large bags and the cost is much less than the standard grocery chains.My other favorite product is the Don Luiz Veggie patties in the refrigerated section of the store. I have never found a tastier or cleaner wholefoods packaged veggie product on the market. I have found that any product the carries the Kirkland signature brand to be as good as if not almost always better that the national brand. I could go on and on about so many great products that I love that Costco carries but then I would be here all day typing soooo my best advice is that if you haven't ever had the Costco experience,run don't walk to your nearest Costco and sign up today....Your stomach and your family will thank you!
4	This locale wins the prize for most RUDE customers. I'm an avid Costco shopper and regularly go at all locales in the LV valley.Items here are comparable to the Henderson locale.Warehouse workers are busy and hard to find, but when you find one, she's helpful.Same gas nightmare as the Henderson locale. Same RUDE customers?Self checkout is a plus. There's always a line to get out of the store. Stay in line people, we are all heading for the exit, no need to try and cut people off.  Just RUDE.
5	The produce here is amazing. Got two pounds of fresh blueberries for $7.50. I am a huge fan of salads and that is intensified during the summer when it is too hot to cook. The amount of vegetables and fruits are seemingly endless. The prices are low and the associates are super friendly. After dinner, I rushed here to get some shopping done and got in at 8:15. I know they close at 8:30. I, also, hate when people walk in at the last minute, but I REALLY wanted blueberries and Greek yogurt ($4.99). I ended up getting a little more than that and when it was time to check out, the cashier was still smiling and making small talk. The employees definitely deserve recognition for their positive and even tempered attitude.
5	I don't have a card, hehe... BUT MY MOM DOES! If there's anything wonderful about Costco, Sam's Club, Warehouse stores in general.. It's the FOOD COURT. Oh, so you know that already? Fine. How about GELATO ICE CREAM.. Mhmm!! Try that bad boy out (for cheap!).
4	Nice store with great values on most things.
5	It's a Costco!  It's fairly standard as far as a Costco goes.  I have noticed a few more upscale items here and there, usually in the jewelry case or clothing area.  Sometimes there's some more unique dishes in the food sections (like Kerrygold butter). Of course, YMMV.And the one unique thing about this Costco, is that the food stand sells Gelato!  1.50 for 3 scoops in a cone or cup, about 5 for a good sized hand packed take home container (forgot the size, but never ordered it).  Try getting 3 scoops for under 2 dollars anywhere else.Oh, the gelato comes in 3 flavors: mixed berry, pistachio, and vanilla with chocolate chunks.Gas seems a little more expensive relative to other Costco's in the Valley though.  Don't know why.Oh, pricing is based on how much damage you'll end up doing to your wallet, not necessarily value.  There's excellent value to be had here; price per unit costs are far lower than anywhere else generally.
3	I usually LOVE Costco ... But this one has earned its bad rep because of the food court that I normally love..The bad:While back I tried their new gelato.... And found a hair halfway through ... This last visit I had some of their pepperoni pizza and halfway through.. I found a long long dark hair in between the sauce and cheese :-( EWWWI mean come on ... I see them wearing their hairnets .. Do they take them off to make the food then put them back on to cashie??Cash only sucksThe good:Lots of savings on everything BULKCheap gasPlenty of parking Huge aisles for those crazy shoppers, cashiers are fast, And the long lines aren't too bad ... I've seen much worse.The verdictI'll be going back but be more careful when buying from the food court..or maybe I won't go there hungry!PS.... You do not need a membership to buy from the food court or pharmacy.
5	This is just for the almond dipped ice cream bar.Wow! Huge and packed with chunks of almonds, the ice cream bar was rich and creamy. All for $1.50!
4	Your typical costco, nothing extra special about this place. The samples are always hit or miss depending on what food they are serving, but its always fun to try new foods out, just a bonus if you find something good and go back for seconds, thirds, etc....haha. One thing is for sure, you can never go wrong with the cheap food court such as hot dogs, pizza, and ice cream and for an affordable price
5	The land of bulk and large quantities. My husband says everything is around $10 and  you always come out spending at least $100 in the end. I love their sample stations, YUMMMY!!! :] BUT and this is a BIG but I hate how they locate them at each aisle because they cause so much traffic in the main aisle and the aisle their in.  So you have to wait sometimes around 5 minutes ducking and weaving your cart through. Husband also thinks people push their carts like they drive, at first I thought he was just being sarcastic because he hates large masses of people crammed together. But I've noticed he's right, just take a second and glance it's quite funny. :p Nothing really to complain about, because if your a member you know what you are coming in to get. I love their concession stand but man, I don't want to wait 5 to 10 minutes in line just to get a hot dog & drink. They only accept American Express credit cards because they have a contract with them, so their not allowed to use the other major card companies unless it's debit. So make sure you have a debit card, cash, check, or ebt.
3	This Costco still hasn't figured out how to operate smoothly. Management always seems to be running back and forth trying to figure things out. Long lines... If you get the right cashier they can move quickly. Deli always dirty, unsure if they ever clean the soda fountains. It's Costco... Service is always friendly... They just don't have the right people in place to deal with the constant volume of people. Always have out of stocks of key items.
5	My name is Mai Mai, and YES, I AM A COSTCOHOLIC! I tried to avoid this place for most of my life, really not seeing the need to buy in bulk since I was a Single Brown Female then, but now that I have a family I just can't seem to get enough of it! Every Saturday we venture into this place seeking to Explore all the different samples they have to offer. A cheap yet tasty way to entertain yourself, well that is until you're at the cashier and just realized that you just spent a fortune on a months supply of groceries and other necessary and some not so necessary trinkets. That is the Beauty of Costco, because no matter what or how much you've spent, you will leave feeling that YES, THAT WAS A PRETTY GOOD DEAL! (& somewhat quite pleased at yourself that you Utilized those coupons) This oasis of dollar hot dogs & pizzas is always packed, so be prepared to wait in long lines and crowded aisles just so you can get that COSTCO HIGH!
3	I am writing a review in regards to this particular Costco on Pavillion Center in Summerlin and not about Costco in general. I love Costco. They have the best selection of meat and produce in town. As long as you are smart enough to know your prices and realize that you do not always save money by shopping at a bulk warehouse you cannot go wrong at a Costco.This Costco is about the quarter the size of most Costco's across the country. Because of the size this place is almost always crowded. Weekends should be avoided at all cost. It can be very hard to move down the aisles with all the people and their carts. The parking is a nightmare here. The check out lines stretch down the aisles. The shopping carts are never brought back into the store so they pile up all over the parking lot. I think they could not build the usual size Costco due to land costs? But I am not sure why this is the only one on the West side. They could easily put another same size Costco on Tropicana and/or Rainbow and that would help to reduce the crowding.The size of the store also limits the the selection of items. I can go to a normal size Costco in Reno or Salt Lake City and they carry additional products such as Rockstars and Jiffy peanut butter. But because of limited space here they cannot offer everything that you may normally find at a Costco. Buying books at Costco is great because it is cheaper than anywhere else. But at this store the book selection is very small.  They say you can request items but rarely will they stock it for you. They also are constantly having to rotate items in and out. So something that was stocked on Monday may not be there on Saturday.Despite the crowds the staff is friendly here and depending on the cashier they do move you through the check out line at a pretty good pace. If you can come on a weekday right when they open or just before they close you can move around pretty well.
4	It's costco!  Free samples, great deals (especially with coupons).  Great gas prices.  Tire service.  Food court is the best part.  Cheap and filling.  Lines get very long during evenings and weekends.  Parking is not too bad.  Service is wonderful, never demand you for the coupon.  Food sampling is generous.  Love coming here during a hot day for a berry smoothie or some gelato.
5	I just love costco!!! Hope one day I will work for this company!! The food court!! Yammy!!
5	I LOVE your big weiners!! At Costco I mean!!Im legit in love Costco! Where can you buy a giant 200 load of laundry powder soap for 15$? Soap that actually works good?! HERE!! I love their laundry soap, the Kirkland powder soap is literally amazing!! This is one of the main reasons I joined Costco, that and the 35 bottles of water for 3.74$ When I was trying to decide if I wanted to fork over 55$ a pro was all the goodies I could buy, a con was that I would probably only go a few times a year... that was far from the truth!! I started going once a week just bc, not even bc I needed something. Lol.Here there is a plethora of goodies!! The gripes I have are not with the store but with the customers, they flock to the samples like people high off bath salts flock to pretty faces! (Too soon? LOL) Anywho They legit go balls to the wall for a free baby cup of oj or 1/16th of a burrito! They leave the cart in the middle of the aisle to run and get one, COME ON PEOPLE! Sheesh!!Whatevs! So back to the fun!! Here you can buy just about anything, even frozen ready to warm up philly cheesesteaks! Granted they arent amazing, theyre pretty ok. They also have like a trillion drink choices, 3 giant freezers filled with everything from ice cream to oatmeal, to weiners, to deli meats! They also have a fresh produce, diary, bakery, alcohol, pharmacy (doesnt accept medicaid) and deli area. In addition to all the yummies they also offer clothing for the family as well as some footwear choices. I seen some nice Adidas running shoes for 35$!! What a steal! Here they also have electronics, heating and cooling, furniture, optical and a photo lab! Legit everything you need!!Some of the cashiers are little jerks, and I should take a star off for that but the lady I initially signed up with was amazing! So Ill keep the star. Also, the little food court has yummy food! They only accept caash so be prepared! We always get a slice of pizza (Combo is yum!) and some churros! Churros are only 1$ and seriously as long as my leg, and legit THE BOMB! TRY THEM!All in all I love this place, wish the cashiers were a little more pleasant, but eff it!
4	I love shopping at Costco but this Costco is more expensive then the other Costco in LV. I guess it's because it's Summerlin rent is more expensive LoLz. I don't like the layout of the Pizza area. But this Costco seems to have more organic stuff. Mostly pasta so it doesn't phase me. sigh
1	Remember in 2010 when that one dude brought a gun here and caused a massive shootout? YES, SERVICE IS SO BAD HERE THAT PEOPLE WILL DO THAT!Summerlin is supposed to be an upscale planned community which segregates itself from the high crime of Las Vegas. Then why is everyone broke?  Every house on my old street was foreclosed, and my neighbors would constantly ask me for money. Most the people at this Costco are Summerlin residents. And I really think that most the people here are not members of Costco, they just sneak in to get the free samples. Every time I come here, a desperate looking guy will take every single one of the free samples and then go into the corner where the gatorade is and eat it.  I've seen these guys push over small children to get to the front of the line. The worker will put out like 20 free samples, and usually one guy will take every single one. And the look of desperation on his face is reminds me of homeless person.Now, I consider myself a pretty tough kid. Like one time my friend dared me that I couldn't watch BET(Black Entertainment Television) for 2 hours, and I lasted almost 40 minutes before my heart stopped and I lost consciousness... but I can't stand being at this Costco for more than 5 minutes. It's just that bad. Usually, I just run in there for the Gelato at the food court and instantly leave.Recently, Baka University conducted a 5 year research study where in the end their findings were so consistent that the medical community declared it a Scientific Fact that: "Working at Costco fits all the criteria of being diagnosed with a severe neural developmental disorder. Workers at Costco(especially the ones who work at the Membership and Returns Desk) exhibit symptoms such as: impairment of social skills, ineffective communication, and a lack of moral reasoning and common sense." Later that month, the DSM-IVTR was amended by the American Psychological Association to include "Summerlin Costco Workers" as a severe mental disorder. Many months later in June of 2012, The Christian Church and Jewish Temple both came to an agreement to amend the 10 Commandments. They included an 11th commandment that stated: "It is wrong to work at Costco". In July of 2012, NBC Universal announced a remake of "Dawn of the Dead" but with Summerlin Costco workers in the place of the zombies.  Critics hated the idea, stating that Zombies actually have larger vocabularies and better problem solving skills than Summerlin Costco workers.The moral of my story is that instead of condemning the workers here at this Costco, we should show them sympathy.  The primary reason these people are working here is because they are the rejects of the universe. McDonald's workers couldn't pass high school, but these guys couldn't even get past Elementary School. Also, the reason these guys are so angry and rude when they come to work everyday is because their boss doesn't pay them in money, he pays them in Star Wars Trading Cards.    Why not just go to WinCo for bulk items instead? The prices are pretty much the same and you don't need a membership.
5	The Costco on Decatur is a little closer to me but I always opt to come to this Summerlin Costco as it's a little more upmarket (shoppers a little more affluent, I don't have to worry about my car being broken in to when I leave the windows cracked).Since I'm cheap I like to hit them up around 12 noon to eat a bunch a samples (the samplers/employees first shift is 10 am - 3:30 pm) and on my way out the store get a $1.55 ($1.67 with tax) berry smoothie to round out my lunch.I always manage to find parking, often times with a little shade, in one particular section of their parking lot.  The store's inventory changes enough that I get to see cool new products weekly.  Whenever I can I buy Kirkland Signature (toilet paper, tissue paper, alcohol, etc) as I know it'll be high-quality and the price fair with no need to price comparison shop at other stores (since obviously only Costco carries Kirkland Signature products).
4	OMG this place is great.  I have only ever been like 2 or 3 times when I was younger.  I went with my Dad and some stuff is over priced, but it all depends on what you buy and how fast you're gonna use it/eat it.  Their ready made foods are INCREDIBLE.  We found some yummmmmmmmmy jumbo shrimp salad and it was a huge portion for the price and got some chicken salad that was just as good.  I bought some fresh baked large chocolate chip cookies (similar to what you find at albertsons) but these were 10x better. They are GREAT.  Their fresh made sushi dept had better portions and better prices then the grocery store AND better quality.  They weren't as good as being at an actual sushi bar of course but definitely better then the typical grocery store variety.   We also finished up with a hot dog and a drink for $1.50 and it was HOT and very yummmy.This place was absolutely packed both in the parking lot and inside, and I could totally see why.  I will definitely go back again for a variety of items.Oh btw.... Checking out was FAST too. It definitely wasn't like a busy Wal-mart where only a few lanes were open.  They had every lane open and people boxing your stuff up and you were in and out of that checkout line in just a few quick minutes.  The only thing I think they could improve on is extend their hours a little later into the evening. They close too early and people aren't always off work to be in and out of costco by 6 pm
2	I joined Costco in San Jose, CA and liked it there.  In Las Vegas my experience has been awful.  The employees are rude and can get you killed.  http://www.lvrj.com/news/erik-scott-s-family-files-wrongful-death-suit-against-costco-158268755.html?login=yThey sell off brand products that are adulterated.  Try the Crockett Honey in the large size.  When I first bought it was good quality.  Then I went back for seconds.  The stuff is now adulterated with some sort of dark molasses or high fructose corn syrup.  You can taste it.  I buy my honey at Walmart now based on quality.  Today there was no Yuban coffee.  WTF?  I liked Costco because they sold quality products in bulk at a decent price.  I bet they also use pink slime in their ground beef.  I can buy gas cheaper if I shop a little or use a gas app.  Walmart gives me easier to manage quantities at the same or better pricing.  Between Walmart and the weekly grocery ads I have not been to Costco in 6 months.  Today I reaffirmed why.
5	It's Costco!!!! That should be enough right there. Love going when I'm hungry cause I can mob up on a ton of free samples.
4	Stopped by this Costco in the Summerlin area of Las Vegas since it was nearby where we staying during our recent trip to Vegas.  It is located within a large outdoor shopping mall across the street from the Red Rock Resort and Casino.The layout was similar to most Costcos.  They had a station by the meat department where they were making various sushi rolls that were packaged for sale.  Fresh sushi...Cool!I love my wines and spirits and always check out what a Costco store has for sale.  This Costco had some very high-end stuff.  How about $3,400 Martel L'Or De Jean cognac and $460 Johnnie Walker King George Blue Label Scotch? This is pretty high end stuff.  Must be catering to all the high rollers in the area. LOL!Another item of interest was at the food court.  Three large scoops of Kirkland gelato in a waffle cone for $1.50.  This was a deal!  The three flavors, chocolate, pistachio, and stracciatella are made fresh daily and it was sooo good.  Wish they had this up in the Bay Area.  Only negative was the traffic.  Since this Costco is located a large mall, the traffic was a little congested.Otherwise, thumbs up at this Costco in Summerlin, Las Vegas.
4	It's pretty straight forward, there is a tire center, cafe, pharmacy, and the aisle after aisle of product. There is also a gas station at this location which usually has a short wait to get to the pump. This specific location always seems to busy insude and the line for the cashier is 2-3 carts deep. As with all Costcos, I am a big fan of their return policy... Almost like like Nordstrom.
5	Who doesn't love Costco?This particular Costco is larger that any I've seen before. There are huge sections for frozen foods, cheeses, the bakery, and seafood. Today, there was even a small sushi stand making fresh sushi rolls for sale. First I got a free sample (of sushi!) then I purchased a huge crunchy roll for only $9.I actually went there today to fill my contact prescription, and the optometry department was a dream. They accept VSP insurance for contacts and glasses. Contacts here are MUCH cheaper than a usual office. The lady at the optometry department was super helpful. As soon as she saw my prescription, she let me know there was a $20 instant coupon and a $25 mail-in rebate available for my brand. Then, when my insurance was having problems, she immediately called the insurance company and got everything cleared up. Finally, when I told her that my eyeglasses (which I'd purchased somewhere else) were tight for me, she told me to bring them in and they'd fix them for free. What more could you ask for? Costco is awesome.
4	Usual costco, but the guy in the TV department was very helpful and honest.  I just wanted to comment that he is a great guy.  They were out of stock on what I wanted but I bought at costco.com based on his helpful input. Thanks.
5	I've always been a fan of Costco. I think they have higher quality items than Sam's Club, though both are similar these days in appearance. I like the samples and demonstrations, and their food is high quality.
5	Great Costco! I prefer this one over the one in Henderson considerably. Usual great deals and awesome food samples.
5	I recently bought a chandelier at Costco, an item you would not expect to find here. It was the last one and was a return. A Costco employee, Andrew Joseph, helped me with getting the price and examining the contents of the box. He was so nice and opened the box for me to help me examine the contents and make sure everything was there. I will always shop at this location as long as I get great customer service I got from Andrew. Ask for him if you need help. He also will recommend a person who can deliver your TV, furniture, etc. that you buy there.
4	Best thing about Costco...I love the Kirklands margarita mix :-)  My friend from Canada turned me onto it; go figure.This Costco is like the rest...busy!  I'm recently a new member here and was amazed at the varying selection.  I was on a time crunch to pick up the mix and had to leave but am really looking forward to exploring this place in more detail.  Staff seemed pretty pleasant from the brief interaction I had with them.This place IS NOT convenient for me at all since I live on the Strip but I'm thinking maybe a once-per-month trip will suffice.Gas, car care, pharmacy, optometrist, food, electronics, hot dog stand?!!? All this place needs is a valet and cots in the back...I'll move right in!
4	Gelato is awesome! I find this Costco smaller and busier than others that I have been to (mostly in socal), it doesn't carry any Asian snacks either. But it is still very adequate. Staff are all very friendly. One other complaint is, as far as regular sliced bread goes, they do not have regular white bread. We picked the house we bought because it was the closest to Costco out of 5 offers we made, enough said.
3	I came here solely for their pizza. My brother kept begging to get a Costco pizza for weeks until I finally gave in. I haven't had one of these pizzas in years! I remember when I was still living at home in San Diego and my parents thought this was better than Pizza Hut! Since I never personally ordered one I felt like a dummy because I was giving them my toppings of choice then the cashier was like "no". I didn't really understand why I couldn't have pineapples, jalapeno , onion and mushrooms on my pizza so I tried again . Then she says they only make supreme, pepperoni, and cheese. I tried to customize the supreme by saying please no mushrooms or black olives (husband is picky) then the cashier explained that the toppings are all pre mixed . That is how they keep the prices down. I was like, "Oh okay" (felt like an idiot) so we decided on the supreme. While I was waiting I had one of their hot dog combos. I can't get tired of those!  It was delicious! I finally had a taste of the pizza after all of these years and it tasted fine. It was a good deal for like $10.00.
5	Even as a single guy, I still manage to use my membership pretty often here.  Costco is perfect if you are buying large bulk things for a party or even for dry grocery items you don't mind having a lot of.Costco has their own brand (Kirkland Signature) which is good quality for a little less than the national brands.  You can buy almost anything at Costco!!!  I bought very nice tires for my car and they do complimentary rotations and repairs which pays for the membership itself. I even have bought clothing here, nothing fancy, but casual things I can wear to work that are much cheaper than going to the mall!Another bonus here is the food court!  I don't know how they make money on $1.25 ice cream or $1.50 hot dogs and soda, but the food is really good and won't bust your wallet.  I've joked with people that I might just go there one day for lunch, and I'm kind of serious!Just a few tips:  While they do accept Debit/Cash, for credit cards you will have to pay with American Express.  They do offer a AMEX membership card which gets you cash back and the annual fee is the same price of a membership.  My mom has this card and always gets a few hundred dollars back at the end of the year, thus paying for her membership and more!Costco from what I hear really treats their employees well and it shows!  Everyone is very friendly and seems to enjoy what they do.  Don't be shocked if you wait a long time in line on weekends because it will get very busy and might make for a frustrating shopping experience.
4	Costco wins over Sam's Club. Fresh produce. Bigger selection. Awesome sampler stations!They constantly have people making things on the floor. There's a sushi stand with at least 5 sushi chefs rolling away yummy rolls. I also saw a girl hand dipping strawberries into rich chocolate and packaging them into boxes. They have monthly deals where selected items are on sale. Keep a look out for those!But the best part of Costco? Their food stand. Whole pizza (cheese, pepperoni or combo) for $10. It takes about 15 minutes to make so order before you shop and it should be ready to go when you leave. Hot dog plus fountain drink is $1.50. They also have a (bomb) chicken bake and super delish parfaits. Make sure you have cash because the food stand doesn't take credit/debit cards!
3	Costco is great- I love going here. This Costco is always so busy and they get you through the lines pretty fast. I just wish they would change up there veggie selection once in a while. It has been the same stuff for YEARS!!
4	One of the smaller Costco location I have ever been to, but it opened back in October 2001, when the local population probably wasn't that large to justified a larger store.  But now it has all the optional amenities (Costco Gas, Food Court, Tire Service Center, Pharmacy, Optical Department and Hearing Aids) that enticed me and many others to visit this location more frequently than I/we probably should.Some highlights:The produce department has excellent fruits and vegetables.  For more money, you can upgrade to organic produce.  Great place to shop for ingredients for the juice diet.Gas.  Competitive prices. It is not always the lowest in the Las Vegas valley, but it is closer to the cheapest available.The meats department is large, clean, and offers wholesome and fresh cuts of meats, rotisserie chickens and other convenience food.Food Court.  $Buck Fifty Hot Dogs and soda can't be beat.  Whole pizzas or by the slice.  Gelatos and chocolate dipped ice cream bars are super great especially during the summer heat.Competitive prices and excellent warranty on flat screen TVs.  A lot of other goodies in the electronics department.Sushi prepared on site. They even have sushi rolls made with brown rice, for those that opted to minimized their white rice consumption.Costco Employees.  Most just do their best at their work. But there are some stellar few that go above and beyond to help customers, even if they are not on the clock. Example: A female employee was shopping (so I assume she is not on the clock), saw me looking at some air fresher, and told me to hold off on the purchase, because the coupon discount will kick in the next day. It is the little things.Things to be aware of:Weekend crowds. I am sure that is typical of all Costco locations. So if you can shop during the week to avoid the crowd, you will probably get in and out quicker.Parking.  Sometimes it feels that there are just not enough parking spaces.The people.  Most are great, considerate and have good spacial awareness of their surroundings. Others... well, let's just say I don't know how they managed to survive this long without being run over multiple times already.Other:Selection of items is just okay, compared to some other Costcos that I am more familiar with in California (Fremont, Richmond, Santa Clara).  But what items and services are offered is based on what the purchasers think will sell at this location. Like pallets of spam in Hawaii's Costco. Red Deer Antler Sprays in Baltimore.  Kirkland branded American Vodka, wherever people want Grey Goose-like vodka at fraction of the price.What else is worth mentioning?  Oh yeah, when it gets really busy and during the holiday rush, Costco employees will scan items in the cart with handheld devices to speed you through the check out line as quickly as possible. 4 stars.
4	This is a great Costco.  It is huge and well laid out with wide aisles for you to mosey around in.  There is also a lot of parking, which has been a problem for me at some other Costco locations.  Always nice to get a spot that isn't 3 blocks away.  The staff at this Costco seems to be pretty friendly and always helpful.  They are always doing special event promos with different items, so you don't get bored on your usual run to the store.  I also like that it is in a huge shopping area, so you can get a lot of your errands down in one area, instead of driving all over town.  They have a ton of gas pumps and the staff out there runs it pretty smoothly, so you can get in and out pretty quickly.One of my favorite things about Costco is the food court.  I love grabbing some pizza or a hot dog at the end of my shopping trip.  We even get a whole pizza to go sometimes because it is THAT good.  I never buy grocery store pizzas because I think I am a bit of a pizza snob, but Costco pizza is the shizznit! (Yes, I really just said shizznit!)My one critique would be that if you go on Saturday morning BEWARE!  Everyone and their mother will be there.   Everyone turns into crazy animals and are pushy and rude like on Black Friday, and will snatch stuff, especially the food samples away from you.  Every other day of the week is fine and lovely.  Even Saturday after 2pm is nice, just don't go early on Saturday!  You have been warned.
3	Thank you for dinner Costco!
3	Have you ever been to the Apple Store? Well it's just as busy, but inside a warehouse. Avoid this Costco on the weekends at all costs unless you like playing bumper carts and almost getting into fights. There's a lot of blind people shopping on the weekends! I guess it's no different than real driving in Las Vegas... Hahaha
4	Love this location. However, the patrons should make sure to give each other enough space when standing in line. I'd rather not have my ankles destroyed by your shopping cart. Also, don't ever go there on Sundays. Holy hell it gets packed. I think I'd rather starve than shop there on Sundays. Other than that, it's a great location and it's really clean. I also like that they have some organic veggie options that are pretty reasonably priced.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 10/100Warning! Warning! As others have mentioned.... Don't shop here on a weekend, unless you wish to play bumper carts.... Y-I-K-E-S!!  However, if you hit up this place on a weekday.. you're in for a treat. This Costco is extra good, too, because it has great workers, great selection, and the parking lot is honestly not that bad (on the weekdays) considering it is rightfully one of the most popular places at any given time.  I used to be a  'S*MS CLUB' member but made the switch after my coworkers advice.  They have a (surprisingly) decent selection of organic meat, produce, and sides. Their produce is fresh and the prices are right.  I  can never stick to my list and ALWAYS end up spending more than I want. And.....If you're into sample surfing... this is your place!  Just make sure you renew your membership on time or you will pay the 55 bucks like I did. It is money well spent ....
4	There is a good Asian selection of food. The store is always clean and in good shape.Of course it would be nice if there were always more than 6 cashiers open but I don't think that will ever happen on a regular basis. They should have an express lane because sometimes you go just to buy 1 or 2 things and you are behind carts stacked with food. Ugh. Open an epxress lane.
4	What can be said about Costco that hasn't been said already?  Bulk items.  Cheaper since you're buying such a large quantity.  Good customer service.  If you haven't tried the sundaes at the food stand, they are amazing and they're under $2.  I get one every time I go.One word of advice: try and avoid Sunday afternoons.  Its filled with yuppies and their pack of kids and friends and relatives.  Way too many people for me, but if you like the crowds, go enjoy the people watching!
5	It's Costco.  With good service.  And more dependable than most other Costco's as far as having the same products with relative frequency.
3	Okay so what do I love about this Costco? The prices. The inventory. The options. The samples. The bargains. The wine selection. Sushi on site. Thickest porkchops I've ever seen. I can get all my fresh fruits and veggies for an entire 10 days of juicing for a mere $42. What don't I like? There are approximately 74850925 people here at any given time. It's out of control madness. There's no direction, people are all "every man for themselves" up in there. They'll smash your cart with their cart - they'll play chicken with you down the aisle, the'll take things out of your cart - hell, they'll snatch a sample out of your hand.The hours need to be extended due to the fact that soon someone is gonna get shanked with an english cucumber if they don't. It's a mad rush to get in there after church and out before it closes - and it's straight up ridiculous.
4	Love this place, I can always find some good interesting stuff here. I just wish it was closer to my home and then I'd be there more often. Then again maybe it is a good thing its far for me, I'd probably go broke going so often, LOL.
5	This is pretty much just my favorite store in the whole world and that's all there is to that.My favorite parts are the large selection and supply, the organization and consistency, the prices, and most of all the return policy- it's nearly flawless and hassle free every time.
5	Best store in the world, great staff, hours are a little short but besides that it's the best place in the world. Tons of organic food.
1	I always shop at Costco, but this location is the worst managed store that I have been to in the entire country.Meat Department:The meat department is the absolute worst managed department in the store.-The counters are always empty and disorganized.-I always find expired meat and seafood on the counters that are far past their sell by date.-The manager of the meat department is extremely rude, as well as most of the staff behind the window.-They thaw out frozen seafood and raw seafood in the same sink at times.-They take the expired frozen seafood and thaw it out to sell as fresh seafood.-When they have the Seafood Road Show, they sell you the lobster tails frozen and it increases the price due to the extra water weight.-I have seen a meat cutter drop meat on the floor and then pick it up and continue to use it.-The stock on the counters are constantly being rearranged. There is no consistency as far as wear the meat and seafood are placed on the counter. Bakery;-Absolutely disgusting. The baking trays are reused without ever being washed.-The wash machine is used continuously without the water being replaced with fresh water. This is a machine that recycles the water. When the trays and mixing bowls are not rinsed off and the water is not changed it just keeps washing with filthy water.-If you look at the three compartment sink it is always filled with filthy water, trays, and utensils.-The floors are always filthy as well as the counter tops and the storage areas.Fruit & Vegetable Cooler / Friit & Vegetable Section.-The cooler is usually a mess and disorganized.-I always find expired veggies.Deli:-The deli always seems to be clean.-The manager and the staff are very helpful and friendly.-One thing I have a problem with is that they do not rinse the whole chickens off before they cook them in the rotisserie ovens.-I also don't like that they share the same walk in cooler with the meat department. There is always raw mets and cooked food near each other.Freezer Section:-The freezers always seem to be well stocked and organized.The Food Isles & Other Shelves:-The shelves always seem to be well stocked and organized.Tire Shop:-Good prices on tires and installation.-The staff is fairly quick and pleasant.Food Court:-The line is always too long.-There is no organized system for the customers to wait in line.-Everything they serve at the food court is inexpensive and tastes great!!Registers:-As always at any Costco the people that work the registers are lightning fast. This company has the most efficient check out areas of any supermarket or big box store.Gas Station:-Costco gas always seems to be about ten cents cheaper then all of the has stations in the area.********************************************************The Costco return policy is unmatched by any of their competitors. The absolute best customer service when it comes to returns.Costco has a great online store. Especially when it comes to furnishing your home.********************************************************I love shopping at Costco, but avoid this locations meat department and bakery at all costs. Absolutely disgusting.
4	I purchased 3 cords of paper towels, 6 pecks of apples, 11 drums of grape jam, an 4 oksas of Cheeze-Its....mmmmm bulky foods.They have it all here. Quality is excellent, store is well kept and the dreaded check out wasn't too bad. Plus those legendary 1.50 hot dogs :)
4	The best type of consumerism is the one that gives back to the consumer.  Costco cash back fits this bill nicely.  Currently, you will receive 3% of all gas purchases and a 2% return on all Costco and Restaurant purchases up to $4k a year.  After you hit your $4k annual return, the rate drops to 1%, but money is money and there is no annual fee as long as you have a Costco membership.  We are here every two weeks and drop anywhere from $100 - $300 so I will be more than happy to receive any type of return possible.  Costco, once known as Price Club (to the fellow New Yorkers) has almost everything you can imagine fairly priced and in an abundant stock.  Some of the absolute deal monsters we took advantage of were their Vizio 42' TV's (under $500), Men's Nike Polo's (under $15) and Kid's Carter PJ's ($8 for a three-piece).  We love the free samples as you never know how certain products taste and we have been surprised how well certain items come out in a good way (talking to you Spinach and Mozz Raviolis and Basil Pesto Sauce w/ Pre-sliced Mozz).  The on-site Gas Station and Ophthalmologist are nice perks as well. Overall, if you are preparing for a dinner party or have more than 2 kids, Costco is a MUST visit/shop.  There wine selection is on point and fair and their meats (ie. Lamb Chops, Flap Steak, Filets, Pork Tenderloin, Alaskan Salmon, etc.) are always fresh and delicious.  Where else can you get a package of 12 packets of Roasted Seaweed or Two-Pack's of Coconut Milk for THAT price?
4	I love this location the most out of all the costcos in las vegas. Friendly service and the shelves are always stocked. Testers are a plus as well but I was sad to see the sushi bar go away...
4	Regarding only Pharmacy and Optical at the S. Pavilion location.   Until my last visit, I only shopped at COSTCO for the usual merchandise - food, cleaning supplies, wine, beer and some electronics, both online and in several stores around the US. This store measures up to my usual good feeling for COSTCO This time I decided to go to the pharmacy for two shots my doctor told me to get and to have an eye glass prescription filled. The pharmacy proved to be a good choice although it took a long time to have my data filled in on their system and more time waiting for the serum to be brought from the back to the pharmacist who administered the shots. I'm patient and I'd  learned that my insurance covered the two injections One Hundred Percent. Zero co-pay for me with Medicare and my Health Insurance plan. Otherwise, the cost would be around $200.  The pharmacist was great. Friendly, informative, and able to do the two injections without any pain. Mark my visit up to a 5 star one.The optical was a different story and mostly not as good. My prescription was only for new lenses with a new prescription from a local ophthalmologist (MD). I wanted the lenses fit into my old frames that I liked. This they did, although they have to "send out" the work. To where, who knows? This means you can wait up to two weeks and I guess my wait was about ten days.  Unfortunately, when the glasses came back they  proved to be completely useless - creating blurred and double vision. Fortunately, I only paid $85, even without insurance. I went back to my doctor to have the lenses, prescription and my eyes rechecked. Now, the doctor says that glasses won't help my vision and to use my old glasses which, of course now have the new/bad prescription. The only negatives for COSTCO, though, is the waiting period for the glasses. Perhaps not having enough information to ask their optometrist for an opinion on a different prescription is another negative.  The counter person, did not suggest this anyway and I don't know the optometrist's reputation.
4	Been a Costco fan for years.  It's no secret the best time to go is during the week if you can.  If you must go on the weekends just take your patience with you.  At the very least the samples will be out.  What I appreciate about Costco the most is their customer service.  Twice I've had to return items that stopped working after two plus years.  A laser printer and my coffee machine.  Both times they were taken back no problem or questions asked and I walked out with the newer version of the item.  I don't know of any other store that would do this unless an extended warranty had been purchased.   I also have four dogs and foster and I get the majority of my treats, toys, beds and dog food there.  FYI to my fellow dog lovers the Natures Domain dog food that they sell there is made by Diamond, a very reputable company, and sold through Costco at a great price.  Even as a single household I'm there once a week for fruits and veggies and to fuel my vehicles.  I find it cost effective and I'm lucky enough to have the storage that I can stock up on paper products and frozen food at a good price versus the grocery store.  Also can't beat their food court and prices.   The pizza and hot dogs for the price, taste and convenience can't be beat.  The only reason they aren't getting 5 stars from me is I wish they had self checkout like the Decatur location and taking out the on site sushi makers was a big mistake!  And their mobile app could use a little work.
5	I am a big fan of Costco. They are the best of the "Big Box" stores for so many reasons.Their own Kirkland Signature brand of products are excellent. I haven't found one that wasn't great.Their normal prices are great, but when they have additional coupons, their prices are fantastic.It's a great place to go for the best, and cheapest lunch around!Their customer service is phenomenal too.And they have the fastest checkouts around!I just can't say enough good things about them. Keep up the good work!
5	i PREFER Costco over Sam's club 100%. Avoid going shopping there on the weekend!
4	we love costco but i have to say the one on pavillion center dr. is laid out pretty badly...it is so discombobulated....we have used others when living out of state that were much better laid out....this one doesn't allow for easy traffic flow....
4	I find this Summerlin location to be less crowded than the Henderson location. Costco has great pricing on bulk quantities; perfect for small business owners and large families. Wonderful book selections...I like to pick up nice cookbooks and children's books there. I love the Mountain King brand potatoes and salmon and meats available through Costco. Their fruits are simply  scrumptious...the summertime nectarines and plums are my favorite. Grab a hot dog for a quick bite...tasty and inexpensive to boot!
3	what can i say about costco ? no matter the town your in your likely to run into the hordes of hellen keller wannabees. Is everyone seriously that dense that they think  its ok to run over everyone else. Never ever go in on a weekend if you can help it. not unless you like battling hordes of mindless automatons seeking out mega packages of burritos. My favorite are the slugs who mooch off the free samples. get the F out of my way you sample whore. Seriously do people just come here to eat lunch at the sample stations? The food court is cheap enough ANDELAY... I am pretty much convinced that you end up spending more at this place unless you have a family of 20 to feed..but the illusion is fun..lol
5	Love coming to the  Summerlin Costco. The staff is always friendly, and their return policy can't be beat. Parking is a breeze, and the location is very close to the 215 and 95 freeways. Atmosphere is casual, and venue is kept very clean.
5	Love coming to the  Summerlin Costco. The staff is always friendly, and their return policy can't be beat. Parking is a breeze, and the location is very close to the 215 and 95 freeways. Atmosphere is casual, and venue is kept very clean.
4	So glad I checked Yelp before heading to the nearest location- apparently one in town doesn't have a food court?! Lord knows this is a big reason why I frequent this big box store.Was on my parents' membership years ago, and BF's dad gifted us with membership this past holiday season- went in today to activate. Process was quick and easy, and I was assured that virtually everyone's card photo sucks- part of why it's in black and white and pretty pixelated.Spent an hour or so wandering the aisles and partaking of a lunch made of samples: cheeses and foccacia bread and fat-free fudge pops, oh my! By far was the Tyson wing samples though.I'm always decently impressed by the meat selection, but I tend to make more purchases of fish- didn't see my favorite whole-head-on trout that I like to buy from this chain, but I'm fairly confident I could ask for it or find a suitable alternative.Found the refrigerated produce nook a little odd- it's hidden over by the bread area?The ladies and gentlemen with samples were friendly without being pushy, informative about their product when asked, and both generous and nonjudgmental when I took two samples of chocolate covered banana coins.Lines of course were outrageous, which is expected on weekends.Grabbed a quick bite at the food court- both my favorite and least favorite part of the store. Favorite because it's cheap and tasty, and a great overall value, but least favorite because it is cash only and the location is poorly thought out- it's by the exit, so everyone checks out before getting in line and sitting to eat their food, leading to several carts parked throughout the area, often blocking and congesting exiting traffic.All employees we interacted with, from sample handlers to registration to cashier and snack bar, were friendly and courteous. Though it's not the closest location to my home, it's likely the one I'll frequent.PS, go down to the entrance behind the building off the main street and park on the side by the automotive department. Much easier, less traffic, and quicker in and out.
4	So, I just love everything about Costco.  I always go in for one thing, and then leave $200 later!  Everyone knows all of the good things about Costco.....only have to shop for toothpaste once every two years, vats of peanut butter, etc etc...but here are a couple things you might not know:Everything I've ever tried Kirkland brand (Costco's house brand) is fantastic.For $30 you can get a 40lb bag of premium dog food that is rated higher than the stuff you pay $55-65 for at Pet smart/PetcoThey now carry almond milk! Yay!Prints are super cheapIf you are due for your renewal on your cell plan,many times you can get a better deal on a new phone than directly through your carrierKirkland Brand Tequila....amazing and only $17/bottle (same size bottle of patron is $70)I give 4 stars instead of 5 only because I think they need to have more staff on the floor helping customers and the cashier I had today, on a very busy Superbowl Saturday was incredibly slow.I recommend over Sam's Club, mainly because Sam's Club = Walmart..yuck!
4	How can you beat Costco?? Or for some of us its the $200, $300, $400 dollar store. Ya its crazy busy but you just can't beat this place, even for gas. There's things you get here you just can't get anywhere else. So pack up the kids and make a trip out of it and don't forget the $1.50 dog on the way out....hahaha, if your not full from all the samples that is.
4	People who have known me long enough know that I basically live here. Why?- Giant cases of water.- Giant boxes of cereal.- Giant bags of fish and chicken.- Giant boxes of lactose-intolerance pills.- The best rental car rates I've found.- Random batches of organic fruits and vegetables.- Their printing services are ridiculously cheap.- The best return policies EVER.I think the last point is possibly Costco's greatest asset. If you don't like something, you can just take it back. For any reason. This comes in handy because there are some misses here.The fruits and veggies used to be really fresh all the time, but that just isn't true anymore. I suspect they over-order by quite a bit. They bring in too much product, refrigerate it too long, and then bring out chunks of it at a time. By the time they hit the second half, it's just rotting already. Now they stick dates on batches of produce but this just wasn't an issue before. Oh well, just be picky I guess.Other than that, I do like their rapid changes in what they stock. You'd be surprised what they bring in sometimes. Items from various cultures, various qualities, various purposes. It's an adventure every month.I will continue to live at Costco. You should, too. It's a place of wonders.
3	Gas stationSome idiots will hold the line because they can't or aren't willing to swing around a vehicle. Also some will think the pumps are there only for them and they will park in such a manner that the car behind them can't fill. The attendants act stupid or are afraid to put some order. If they did so, the lines would move faster.
5	Five stars all the way! I loved this Costco since it opened. Very convenient. Has friendly and helpful staffs that always love to help. This Costco always has the quantities I needed from food to cleaning suppplies. Would definitely recommend this Costco.
4	I am a Costco shopper for sure! There are always a few staple items we need on a regular basis.  This location is ok compared to the other location in the area.  It seems a little more compact and tight.  I feel as if the aisles aren't as accommodating for the amount of shoppers filling the store.  Otherwise it is still a great store with great prices.  The deli and bakery seem to do an awesome job filling the entire place with the deliciousness baking in the ovens! Maybe that's why I'm drawn to buying a dessert 99% of the time! Yeah, their bakery items are delicious!  Samples too? I think I could eat a meal in just one sample from each of their stations.  The checkouts here are always fully staffed. The cashiers are friendly and great at their job.  Thank you Costco!
3	This Costco just a little bit different than some of the others that I have been to. Things like the entrance being on the left side and any dairy products like milk or eggs have their own walk in location instead of being in the refrigerated section with all the other items like cheese.Basically, I don't like the layout of this Costco. Whoever designed this maze definitely wanted to throw you off your game. I also noticed that this place was always busy packed with shoppers no matter what time I went. Maybe its because of the smaller warehouse that its in? Even the food court is small and there are a lot of tables. When you go to pay for your merchandise, the way the registers are set up, over half of them are kind of blocked by actual merchandise on the floor so when you are lined up, its almost like a bottle neck type of congestion.Special shout out goes to those morons that cut in front of you at the sample tables and take 2 to 3 samples. You idiots, that's why they are called SAMPLES, just one should be good so that you can taste it. Some of you fools are making a meal out of it. As for paying for your items, they only take debit or American Express. Also, if you are going to get food from the food court, be well advised that they take cash only. Pro tip: Pay for your food court goodies at the stand with all your other merchandise. Then, all you have to do is go pick up your food. No need to wait in line. You're welcome.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #78
3	A lot of people and only a few registers open. Long line and no one can get through along the front merchandise
5	Great place to gay watch. Total suburban vanilla meat. You know probably drives a Toyota but wants that little lexus. Lawyer not a partner or his bf is a lawyer and he's a manager at some chain sports pub. You know what I'm talking.
5	this is a snootier costco. getting in and out in 20 min is key. you can order your food to go while you pay for your groceries. the turkey sands are yummy!
1	Had a bad experience with this lady named Debra, 4/2/2014. My cousin is a member and he forgot his Amex card. We only realize at the counter that we forgot our cash and my Amex card. Debra started lecturing us. With my cousin's thick accent, she thought I didnt understand a single English word. After numerous eye rolling, and insults, she didnt scan the items. The atm's failed to spit out $300. She was very racist and verbally abusive. She was rushing because it was 8.30pm. This is how you treat your members?
5	Love this Costco. Gas is a great deal. Believe it or not Costco has really good produce at great prices!
4	Love their selection of food and other stuff. Love that there are so many organic options and healthier foods. The apple chips are to die for!! What I don't like are their long lines and that they are far from me.
4	I live here.  Love this place, they have everything I want, and I have to agree with one of the reviewers, their printing fees are awesome.Just don't go on weekends....ridiculously busy.  So I switched to Monday afternoons and WTH, they are just as busy. But the cashiers are very nice and super fast.
5	I love costco, you love costco- what is the point of this review? I thought I would alert you to some awesome products you may not be getting at costco so you can make your life more awesome.-1 liter bottled water- I know I'm not the only one who finds the .5 liter water bottles to be totally inadequate and vaguely French. I'm a man- when I'm done working on my ranch I like to get into my truck and drink a nice cold man size bottle of water before I go home to eat a steak and drink a bottle of scotch.The business costco even has 1.5L bottles -frozen sockeye salmon- they have plenty of fresh farmed salmon if you need catfood- but if you are a human person you want wild salmon. Its more expensive but worth it- both taste and health wise. It comes in vacuum sealed individual pouches- perfect for sous vide or defrosting and pan frying-olive oil- both the regular and the organic kirkland brand olive oil are very good deals (so is the balsalmic but less so). Much cheaper than buying it from the Corleone family.-Nuts- they have giant bags of pre-shelled pistachios!. How many times have you wanted to eat delicious pistachios but then thought "but christ, I don't want to shell them! that would completely negate the calories I acquire from the nuts themselves!"- well worry no more friend. In addition you can get a 5lb bag of salted in the shell peanuts, cashews, and all other gross nuts. -shrimp- yes it probably comes from the south china sea but damn the garlic shrimp is tasty as hell. -Butter- 25lbs of Kerry Gold grass fed butter is approx 5 dollars- everything you make tastes better with high quality butter- toast, pancakes, cookies, smoothies, popcorn, candy bars, chips, lobster, spam-Vegetables- a lot of people are loathe to get a 10lb bag of onions thinking "I know of very few recipes that call for 10lbs of onions"- but the truth is the bulk discount is so high that you only need to use about 50% of many of the vegetables to come out ahead in terms of cost saving vs the supermarket. -Booze- the costco brand (kirkland) vodka, tequila, and wins are all very passable and absurdly cheap. Grab a 20lb bag of limes, 5 liters of agave nectar and you are ready to margarita it up. -Kitchen crap- the 2 pans I use most in my kitchen aren't the absurdly expensive all-clads they are the 35 dollar tramontina set I got at costco. I also have cutting boards, shears, glasses and a dutch oven all purchased here at a huge discount over other stores. -Flank Steak- they have a lot of different kinds of meat but flank steak is the best beef deal they have- its an under appreciated cut and comes pretty cheap, grill it up and you have a tasty meal-Chicken thighs(bone in and boneless)- much more flavorful than breasts. You have to get packs of 6 but you can freeze them or they keep in the fridge for a while due to being vacuum sealed. Pan sear and finish in the oven-The food court- sure this is a bit of a Mad Max thunderdome situation with people cutting in line, stealing tables, and taking 20 minutes to put ketchup on their hot dogs but damn it is some tasty and cheap food.
3	Gosh, what can be said about Costco that hasn't already been said?  My last visit was pharmacy because CVS changed suppliers and new formula did not agree with me.  WOW... what a line!    I usually go to Costco about once a week because I do a lot of juicing and that takes some serious produce.  they are getting more and more organic fresh fruits and vegetables and the organic selections seem to be expanding in general.The Summerlin Store seems to be getting busier all the time and during peak times it's like Thanksgiving or Christmas.  really long lines.One thing I would like to say is if you shop at Costco and like the samples... put your cart out of the way and walk up to the food.  Stop blocking the frickin' isles willl ya?Also, think of road rules and stay in your lane.  Costco needs to be navigated with military efficiency on a weekend so learn the procedure!signed:  The Costco Nazi  "No Soup for You!"
5	Welcome to Costco. I love you. - IdiocracyAh, the joys of shopping at Costco - snacks galore and making purchases you didn't even plan on making. This Costco was rather crammed, the large Costco carts didn't all fit in the aisles so I was constantly in someone else's way.Somehow, as we were walking to find the 2 year fitness passes for 24 hour fitness, we were roped into the section where the guy was selling Vitamix blenders. Of course I never pay attention to what they are selling, I just wanted some freebies! Haha. He was whipping up some seriously tasty, refreshing, (and healthy) smoothies that I couldn't resist.After 5 or 6 delicious fruit and vegetable drinks in, we decided to commit to it and buy the Vitamix. Costco has the best deal yet. We paid $370 for a brand new one. They typically go for $449, so we saved ourselves $79 plus saved the cost of shipping. We've been using our Vitamix blender every day and loving it! Super excited about the health benefits too. I truly love you Costco!
5	What can I say. I love Costco. Always has a great variety of items to choose from. Their fruit is always fresh. Their meat is always delicious. Kids love trying there samples. Seems to be the only time they will try something new. Lol. They offer good discounts on movie tickets, theme park tickets and restaurants. I can never walk out with just what I came for. Just too many goodies!
3	Costco is my Disneyland! I can walk around that place for hours. This Costco is very uniformed with any other I've ever seen. The isles are clean and clutter free, the selection is plenty, prices are really good, and the service is excellent. The food stand inside, is really great! The $1.50 Hot Dog and drink deal is unbeatable! The quality of the food is always up to standard. I personally like to buy things we use on a daily basis... Spices, sandwich bags, trash bags, personal hygiene products, dog food, and any other items that we can save money on. I also find electronics to be a great deal.On a negative note... The beer selection was horrible. Also, seems like this Costco has many customers that are rude, impatient, self centered, and inconsiderate of others. I guess that comes with the area.I would definitely recommend shopping here!
5	I love this CostCo store. Best in Las Vegas, in my opinion! Always easy to find any item, in good quantity, at very good prices! It's very clean ( I wonder HOW they do it! It's such a humongous store!) I've been CostCo fan (member) for years, in the Denver/Westminster/Arvada Colorado area, and this store in Las Vegas is a Flagship store! For sure! A Delight. In the recent past, I went in, looking for men's underwear and found exactly what I need, good quality, too, at a very excellent price, and it's worn and worn and worn, wash after wash too. Food is always easy to find. I love their fresh meat and chicken and seafood! And, the pharmacy is excellent! Great prices on Baby Aspirin which I take for Blood pressure control and for this Stent I have.
4	Costco always has everything you need and all the stuff that you never knew you needed! Love the food court! Polish dog and a churro are my favorite! (oooo and maybe a very berry sundae too!)
5	Just like home - great service.  Found what we needed and was able to get in and out quickly.
4	I find it very strange that there are 1 star reviews WHY? because you forgot your Costco card and or you didnt know how to renew it aka at the check out register. Another review about the meat department doesn't have a well stocked counter! Hmmmm. Most of time this Costco has what I need, we are there weekly. My review would be a 5 star but we would like to see a few more organic items. Some of the female checkers need coaching / personal development some of their comments are inappropriate. We have been to many Costco's on the west coast and this Costco is above average. I approve this message J K KUHL
4	This is my go to costco! They have so many different items and so much variety that it makes it a great place to shop... In bulk. I love their meats especially the lamb. Their produce is always fresh and their bakery is very helpful and has a lot of different options in terms of bread. The workers at this location are very kind and they always help out. The foodcourt is my favorite place to grab a quick snack! Hotdogs and the berry berry slush!
5	I love shopping at Costco world-wide.  I always come to this particular one because this is the closest.one to me.  They have a good selection of products and the prices are reasonable.  Like other Costco, It does get crazy in there on the weekends, so I try to avoid going there then.  Taking a stroll down the isles here after supper is ideal though, not too crowded.  Also, if you ever need to return anything, don't worry it is hassle free.  I was told one time that you can actually do returns world-wide but I haven't needed to do that yet.  I especially like their food court where you can get frozen yogurt and my favourite - mocha freeze.  It's too bad that this store is a little ways away or I would be in this store a lot more.
5	How can anyone not love Costco?The prices are amazing. The selection varies from time-to-time, with your favorites being there every time. There are so many people to see. The free samples are amazing. Spending 2 minutes in the produce and dairy freezers will rejuvenate, refresh and cool you off in a heartbeat.You can get dinner for four for less than $12 AND get your household and grocery shopping done all at the same time.I love Costco.The staff is always helpful and happy, have good attitudes and are fast too.
1	My question this is a great Costco, but why do they charge more for gas than any other Costco iin the area.  Overcharging their very good customers.I had a pepperone slice  of pizza on Saturday, but there was no cheese on the pizza. just sauce and pepperoni.
5	The service here is the best I have seen at a Costco. Employees always go above and beyond for members. Combine that with the great deals and value available at this location and you have the perfect shopping experience. The store is always clean and presented well. The food court items always seems fresh. Love coming here to shop! They also have amazing markdowns on clothing as well!
5	i love this place and its the best place to get stuff in bulks. I usually purchase their kirkland brand wipes (they are the best!!). I think during the days its extremely busy esp on a sunday but if you go in about 30 mins before closing ... the lines should go faster. I also love their pizza and hotdog/polish dog combos! I usually call ahead of time and make an order for the pizza and then pick it up. This place only accepts personal checks, cash or debit cards. No credit cards are accepted except the ones that is linked with the costco card which is the AMEX.
5	I love Costco for everything.....shopping, qualitys, and their prices too. I wish that they continue to bring back again the pistachio ice cream. It was our favorite one sometimes we go their just because of that . And we end up buying other things too.
5	filled up the cart & at checkout were advised "oh we only take debit, $ or American Express credit cards"?? Did not take my credit card I had on hand! And having no cash that was a waste! Wish we were informed at time of signing up about the pmts taken! But... It's still an Adult Disneyland & we love this place! **lesson learned
1	The worse most humiliating place to go if: you don't look the right income and color. I hate this place. Have never been treated like that by their cashiers, this has happened several times hence the review. Very upset.
5	Costco is simply the best wholesale retailer on the Planet, bar none. The quality of the merchandise and low prices should make you a lifetime customer. They will exceed your expectations, guaranteed.
5	I wouldn't say this 5 stars is necessarily for this Costco, but just for Costco in general. In my opinion, virtually all Costcos are the same and this one is no different. The prices are insanely good, they have plenty of selection, and you can walk in with one thing in mind and walk out with 20 items. People ask me all the time, is $50 dollars a year really worth it for two people? To which I reply, ABSOLUTELY. Things that we buy in bulk that saves us money, but also saves us time (we basically have our own CVS in our spare room). 1. Toilet paper2. Paper towels3. Shampoo + body wash4. Toothpaste5. Laundry Detergent6. Dish soap7. Frozen foods because they last forever and are phenomenally priced.For items that have a short expiration date (like milk), we go elsewhere because we can't drink 2 gallons in the next 10 days. However, for anything that is not perishable, or is frozen, Costco is hands down the best most convenient place to go.What makes this $50 bucks a year truly worth the cost though? GAS + FOOD COURT! On our bi-weekly trip to Costco, we almost always get the hotdog deal at the food court...$1.50 for a big hotdog and a drink. Insane deal, one that has saved us a bunch of money. We also fill up gas. In gas alone, we have saved more than $50 bucks over the year, so that alone makes the membership a "no brainer." Everything else is just icing on the cake
5	They got the best deals and a great no fuss return policy. Samples if you need a nibble. Ha ha!!
3	I'm new to the Costco universe, but so far, so good. This particular location is almost always busy, no matter what time of day or week you pop by. Aside from that, I enjoy the service and shopping experience I have encountered during my first few visits. I anticipate this becoming my primary Costco location given its convenient location to my work and home.
5	Good service, Excellent prices and selection. I also love the free samples and the food court where they have very good prices as well as the auto service center for tires.
1	I can only speak for the cell phone booth. While on vacation  my phone acted up so I ran to get a new one. The guy acted like he was Pisces off to be the and chatted on his phone with what seemed to be some friend. when I asked for some help I was told he was busy and it would be at least an hour. I was the ONLY one standing there.
4	This is my favorite location in Vegas. The Centennial location is a little "stressed out"The Business location on Martin Luther King, has no food court and the meat and fruit departments are definitely geared towards businesses and not consumers.Summerlin location....What I hate.....The parking lot and the check out lines are a nightmare.... but that's Costco, right?What I love....I can get my favorite wines for at least a couple of dollars cheaper a bottle!I love their 'prime' filet mignon, and their salmon.Fresh fruits and veggies. Oh yeah, and the organic free range brown eggs!!!
