1	Shouldn't be called a "Sushi" Bar...maybe a bar with a view. Bad service, no one even smiles...Beware that the hostess sends you to the bar to get a drink before they take you to the table or bar...even if there are seats...probably want you to buy a drink first.Tuna is already cut when you sit down...not the most fresh place to get fish. The sushi chefs can't be called sushi chefs...they don't know what japanese words mean. He didn't even know if they served hot tea...no hot tea in a japanese restaurant...yikes.Rolls were boring and simple, and very expensive...not worth it.
4	Wow Darcie's experience is so polemic to ours. We had an awesome meal here--take that LV Nobu--you have just been served. The Crispy Rice's name does not do it service--it was F'in fabulous. We also had the Hamachi and ponzu sauce, a chef's special sushi and sashimi platter (this was delightful and well presented--I almost did not want to eat it because it was so lovely), a dragon roll, miso cod, and the most delicious bottle of unfiltered sake. Everything was fresh and the service was awesome. I will never go back to Nobu in LV--I will just wait until i go to NYC or LA.
4	Great cuisine, though it left me not feeling full and satisfied. The service and guidance in making a decision was great. The waiter was great, the drunks yummy and the best part was surely the Dragon Roll. Food was spectacular, but way overpriced. Would never go again based on the price and proportion. Cool atmosphere.
2	well.. I'm not sure about this place. yes its trendy (dont care for trendy myself). upbeat. Food was good. I had the dragon roll and seaweed salad. Seaweed salad wasn't good. But everything else was pretty tasty. Waiter service was good. But I'm not sure how organized the kitchen is. My friend ordered the Lobster tail, our waiter came back and said they were all out of lobster. She ordered a hot dish with prawns. he came back again and said they were out of prawns as well. Huh?An upscale Las Vegas restaurant out of prawns and lobster? okay.. whatever.She ended up ordering sushi. What was next. Out of rice?The drinks are good and strong. Blood Orange Sunset cosmo had a kick.The food is pretty good, setting is way too dark, unprepared inventory of ingredients, we took our drinks out of the restaurant and the overly smiley front desk girls asked for the martini glasses back.  I think a couple glasses worth a couple bucks is no biggie, considering we racked up a 400 dollar dinner bill. Come on. We stayed at Bellagio and ate real late the night before at Bellagio's cafe, which is ideal for a quick bite. And I actually rate the cafe 4 stars compared to 3 stars for Koi.
4	I had nothing short of an orgasmic experience here.I have heard good things about Koi in LA but haven't tried it yet.  The Las Vegas outpost is excellent.  We had good drinks, good service, good music, good food, good view of the strip.  The best part?  The SVP with my group of work colleagues picked up the $900 tab.  Can I get a woot!We started with tons of sushi, roll, and tuna appetizers.  The tuna with crispy onions and the tuna tartare were my favorite.  I ordered the black cod which was absolutely perfect.  A delicate and delicious cut of fish, cooked perfectly.  Washed it all down with three cosmos.  The drinks weren't too sweet either so kudos there.Don't go expecting to not drop coin, it's pricey.  But what isn't in Vegas.  Also, keep the alchy flowing downstairs and go bet on black.
4	Very cool entry way with Buddhist Prayer Wheels that you can actually spin when you are drunk on Saki on your way out!!!Best Tuna Tartar I have had yet brought to you by super-model like waitresses.  I also had dragon roll as well as some other wonderful unique rolls along with my Asahi beer.I must say that Planet Hollywood did a fantastic job remodeling the Aladdin.   This place is uber cool.  I started and returned to end my night here at the Planat Hollywood Casino after watching Fashonistaa's and having an inordinate amount of Rock Starr and Vodka's down the street at Crave.
4	Loved it! And I honestly wasn't really expecting much, as I didn't know anything about the place. We went here for New Years and I was just happy we had reservations somewhere. I was just looking at my pictures and that was pre-yelp time for me so I figured I should review it now. 8-)The food was awesome. We did have bottle service in the room by the big window for our big group so there was drinking involved in the evening of course, but I think it really was that great. I liked everything we had, the view of the Bellagio was phenomenal, and our waiter was super fun.Food highlights:* Sushi over crispy rice: by far the best dish of the evening. My husband doesn't even like sushi, but he ate the rice part up and wanted more. * Any of the sashimi: fresh, good quality and great flavor combinations The cooked fish and everyday unagi rolls were great (very soft rice) along with the veggie tempura. Everything is just taken up a notch here and not in a just for flashy way but in a way that works.I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas. The bar area looked fun and trendy as we were walking in.
4	Dragon Roll, nuff said.  Ok not quite.  The "Creamy" shrimp was amazing too.Although the Dragon Roll was the best peice of heaven I've ever had at a sushi restaurant, the service was not so hot.  The server (who had an ASSISTANT, even) mixed up our drink orders twice, forgot to order our soup, and disappeared for a while while our glasses remained empty.  Not to mention, was just not very friendly!  We had to stop another server (i hate having to do that), a nice young man who was SO helpful and very personable.  Would have traded for him in a second.  All in all, really great food but service was lacking.
5	Was there on a trip from Vegas and decided to try this restaurant since Kim Kardashian raved about it in an article I read.  Had dinner at 9PM since my friend got her timing all screwed up but that's a different story in itself.  I got there alittle early and the contestants from Miss USA were there and having drinks and I was happy and in heaven.  My friend finally arrived late as always after the beauties had left and we had the Chilean Sea Bass, soft shell crab, Ca roll with baked scallop, and a dragon roll.The Bass was good.  the crab tasted the same as every other place i've been.  The CA roll was weird looking but tasted real good it had a large piece of baked scallop on top. the dragon roll had all these flakes on it-tons of it as a matter of fact.The entrance to the restaurant had 3 buddhas in the formation of the hear no evil, speak no evil and see no evil which was kinda funny until you realize its Buddha.  Is that bad luck to do that to Buddha?4 stars but they get five for the beauties from the Miss USA pageant!!!!!!!
2	I was very disappointed with a dining experience I had at Koi in Las Vegas.I used to like taking my customers to Koi in West Hollywood when I lived in Venice Beach.  I liked cute outside area, small but cozy modern dining room ambiance.   Their food was not the best but was good enough.  Their Las Vegas location, it is much bigger than the LA location. The decor was very modern and clean with high sealing and large window overlooking the strip.  But not like LA, it was easy to make same day reservation.  I found out why later...When our server came to our table, I asked a few questions to himMe: "Is the owner for this restaurant same owner as the West Hollywood location?" The Server: "Yeah"Me: "A Japanese guy?"T S: "No. He is Indian. But don't worry the chef is Asian."Me: "Asian?  Is he Japanese? " T S: "He is Korean.  Same thing"  Me: "Not at all!!!"  Japanese food and Korean food are very different!  How can you say they are the same?  Are you seriously saying that?"  "You think all the Asians are same?  You said the owner is Indian.  Indians are technically Asians too."  T S: ".................  Oh you are right Indians are I guess Asian.  I see your point."  (I wasn't talking to him with a funky tone and he was smiling... )I liked their special cocktails but they were priced at $15-22.  I prefer non-mixed, on the rock kind of drinks anyways. I didn't like their food.  It was just OK... nothing special.How can I take the restaurant seriously as a Japanese restaurant if they have low sodium soy sauce on the each table? When I saw that, I lost all the hopes for their sushi...  So I ordered non traditional dishes.1. Crispy Rice Topped with Spicy Tuna. $15 - Too much going on.  If you like "American" sushi such as Dragon roll or Philadelphia roll you may get it.  I didn't.  The rice was too crispy tasted like butter and Spicy Tuna was seasoned overwhelmingly that you couldn't taste the tuna.  I guess if you don't like raw fish, you may like it.  What is the point of eating sushi then...2. Sirloin Kobe Style Shishito Mashed Potatoes, Truffle Sauce. $42 - I was happy that they at least stated Kobe "style" since it was NOT real Kobe beef. (I always talk about the difference between "real" Kobe beef and American Kobe style beef.  I talked about Kobe beef more in this review   http://www.yelp.com/biz/lucky-devils-los-angeles#hrid:9DsfdTEIdKVD9LciRxT7Lw ) The beef was not marbled by fat and it was on the chewy side.  I was very disappointed with the stake but the mashed potatoes were tasty.3. Grilled Japanese Eggplant $8 - It was just ok.  The sauce was on the sweet side.  I like clean sauce such as ponzu sauce on the grilled eggplant better.        FYI, 88% of the item in their menu was not traditional Japanese cuisine.  I am ok with that.  I don't mind Japanese fusion dishes if they are tasty.I give 0 star for their food, 1 star for nice friendly staff / service and 1 star for the decor / view.Video of Koi sushi chef: http://extratv.warnerbros.com/2008/02/koi.php-Note for the video- you cannot say Rainbow Roll and Traditional in the same sentence!
3	Koi Las Vegas has some major hype going on around it!  Kim Kardashian, Kevin Spacey, David Spade......if you flip on the Extra channel in the new Planet Hollywood Hotel, it seems like all the celebrities have something nice to say about Koi.  The original Koi is in Los Angeles, and frequently gets celebrities hopping in and out of that restaurant.  Food-wise, this place is no match for Matsuhisa in Los Angeles, but it is a nice place to have dinner if you're on the Strip.  Koi Las Vegas is on the Mezzanine level in the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  Three jolly buddhas are positioned in front of the restaurant, and then you walk around the circular lounge, and into the dimly lit restaurant flanked by modern grey/green booths and glossy brown tables. It's very dark in the restaurant, with just the sushi/sashimi chefs lit up under recessed lighting near the sushi bar.   Lots of businessmen at this restaurant....those darn companies pick up the pricey tab when dinner is all over.  Wish I could have a company expense!  Some people were there for dates.  The dress code is dressy casual, but they will let you in if you look semi-decent (ie no flip flops or T-shirts, but everything else, they'll let you in.)Like many other fusion Japanese restaurants, Koi Las Vegas has a signature crispy rice spicy tuna appetizer.  4 pieces of spicy tuna with a hint of jalepeno slice, over a crunchy, chewy fried piece of rice.  Expensive, yes, at $15 for only four pieces, but it was pretty good.  The crunchy, chewy rice was warm and complemented the cold spicy tuna on top.  The slice of jalepeno gave the dish a nice kick in the end.  Lots of customers were getting this dish!The salmon carpaccio with black truffle was not bad, but I think I"ve had better.  The salmon was ultra thin, and I expected the carpaccio to be chunks of salmon together in a black truffle oil sauce, but to me, this dish was underwhelming.  The truffle was chopped up and placed on the salmon slices, and it was okay.  I think this dish could be better if there was more originality to the presentation.  For the price, this dish could have been better.The miso crusted black cod was delicious, and they gave a hearty portion to the dish.  It was laced with some baby carrots, and some asparagus on the side.  The cod was light, flaky and the miso sauce had just the right amount of flavor to compliment the dish.  If you come to Koi, get this dish, because you'll be happy with your choice.  Light, yet flavorful, this dish is appealing to all seafood lovers.  Original, no---because you can find this dish at just about any other Asian fusion restaurant out there, and it tastes just as good at any other restaurant (ie think Roy's).  The chilean sea bass was very very light, as it was steamed with ginger and scallion.  It is placed on a bed of shitake mushrooms and you can really enjoy the flavor of the sea bass.  Very fresh.  For dessert, do not get the molten chocolate cake, because it is nothing like Roy's, and you do not get the hot, lava flowing chocolate from the inside of the cake.  I only gave Koi Las Vegas 3 stars because it is not a stand out restaurant, and the dishes were not spectacular like at other places.  At Roy's, there's more originality, and you feel like you're getting a good deal for the price you pay.  Here at Koi, they rely a bit too much on the celebrity hype, so the food suffers.  The place is nothing like the Los Angeles Koi---it's not cozy, and you can't really appreciate the decor since it so dark inside.  There's a small view of the Las Vegas Strip, but most tables don't have a view because only a small portion of the tables are facing that direction.Expensive meal, but not really worth it in my opinion.
3	Honestly...It's about 3.5 stars...I would give all 3.5 stars to the Baked Lobster Roll with Creamy Sauce!It was like butter...just melts in your mouth. All other dishes were just ok.  The hamachi dishes to start were good, but still lacking flavor.  The dragon roll was good too, but not memorable amongst dragon rolls I've tasted in the past. Oh yeah - we stopped in without resos and the hostess was able to accommodate a table for 2. Big plus in my book!
3	I was expecting to see a celebrity dining here like they do in LA, but we were there on an early Sunday evening and there were only a handful of other tables occupied. Like its other locations in LA and NY, the interior of the gorgeous restaurant is zen-chic. The floor to ceiling windows provided an amazing view of Bellagio Lake. We asked if we could be seated in the lounge facing out to the lake because there were several tables inside - and all unoccupied, but unfortunately they were "reserved for friends of the owner." Disappointing. Our booth was pretty nice though, and we were able to get a glimpse of the water show every now and then. The food was pretty tasty, although nothing was mind-blowing. It may have been because we stuck with ordering rolls, and not the signature dishes like miso black cod or Kobe beef filet mignon. Our friendly server suggested his favorites to us. We had the scallop roll, dragon roll, baked lobster roll and crispy rice topped with spicy tuna. The baked lobster roll with cream sauce melted in our mouths and was hands down our favorite. The crispy rice with spicy tuna was supposed to be their most popular dish, but the texture of the spicy tuna was odd. We weren't quite sure why it was so popular. It was super spicy though! We ended our simple meal with a simple dessert - mango mochi ice cream with blackberries. I'm sure Koi is hot and happening on Friday and Saturday though, so get your fabulous self over there on those nights! They totally have the potential of being 4+ star worthy.
3	Three and HALF stars to be exact... this is why we need to have the option to choose half stars. :)Koi = think Sushi Roku but a tad bit more "upscale". I liked the Las Vegas location inside Planet Hollywood... b/c we had a great view of the strip and the place is huge! But with the prices they have for the assorted seafood tempura and the tuna tartare which were both semi-decent... they can definitely make up in ambience and space. Our service was pretty decent. The rolls were none too shabby and the mixed drinks such as the "appropriately" named Asian Pear and Yin and Yang were pretty good. If you happen to dine there, make sure to get a good spot with lots of natural lighting... with the view of the strip towards the back of the restaurant. The yellowtail carpaccio was YUM. :) Be sure to order that if you're a fan of yellowtail.
3	This Koi was a disappointment compared to the Koi in West Hollywood.  But then again, the first is always going to be the best, right? (Except in Nobu's case-all Nobus are fab).What stood out to me the most about my experience at Koi Vegas was how the staff did not have their shit together in the least bit, and there were numerous mistakes with our orders.  I asked our server how long they had been open expecting him to reply with a short amount of time, but they opened back in November so there really is no excuse for the poor, jumbled service.  Our server was very sweet and polite, but I felt like there was a large gap in communication with the other staff members, and he could have been a lot more knowledgeable about the food.  There was more than one question he did not know the answer to regarding the menu; what the dishes were comprised of ect...When the food did come out, some of it was great but most of it was ho hum.  The sushi rolls were pretty good, and the edamame was cooked and seasoned perfectly with salt (although I had to remind our waiter that we had ordered it) but my entree was lackluster.  I ordered the miso cod- big shocker, I know- and it was nowhere near as good as Nobu's, or as good as the cod at Koi in Hollywood.  The skin had all the flavor- the actual meat of the fish was kind of dry.  Definitely not moist and tender like its supposed to be.  If it were'nt for the flavorful skin, I would'nt have eaten the filet itself.The ambiance of the restaurant is nice...its very large and has a huge window that gives you a great view of the Bellagio fountains across the street.  The restaurant was quite empty on a Saturday night, although Ms. Lindsay Lohan made an appearence while we were eating so I guess it is somewhat of a "hot spot" if you care about that aspect.  I'll stick with Nobu in the future for solid amazing Japanese fare.
5	Atmosphere: Off the hook Sexy!Prices: ExpensiveFood: Frickin AmazingService: ExcellentWOW! This place got it right! All the beautiful people, in a beautiful place, eating beautiful food. The sex appeal factor was a 10. We had a great time. The drinks were flowing, the food was perfect light, different and excellent.Lamb chops, Cod, Dragon Roll, Creamy Lobster, Sake Sushi.Go here if your wanting to have a great night out prior to hitting the clubs.
5	We were fortunate to have been seated in an area, the fountain lounge, that offered privacy from the main seating area, an eye-catching view of the strip and the Bellagio Water Show, and comfort; take a look at the pictures on the Koi website- although, really, the pictures don't do it justice. The experience really does begin from the time you're greeted to the moment you leave Koi. Koi is appealing to all of the senses. You can't help but gaze out into the fabulous view or scan the subtle details of the room itself. The service provided to us was exceptional; we truly felt taken care of. Nathan, our server, and his support staff were intuitive, talkative, humorous, kind, attentive, and, I feel, went above and beyond.  For example, my friend, Carol, asked where she could find the ladies room and one of the Koi staff walked her all the way to the entrance of the ladies room. The food was unforgettable, succulent, and adventurous. I suggest the Hamachi Fusion, the Miso Bronzed Black Cod, the Grilled Skirt Steak, the Spicy Rock Shrimp Tempura Hand Roll (this one really made an impression on us), the Coconut Rice Pudding Brulee for dessert, and the Asian Pear for cocktails. I look forward to the next time I am able to dine at Koi; it is a gem within a city of many gems.
5	Yummmmmmmmmmmm. The food here is amazing. You know you've eaten a good dinner when all your friends say the best thing about your Vegas trip was eating at Koi. They have some interesting twists on everyday sushi, and they don't make you eat it off a naked chick, which as a heterosexual female, I appreciate. They have a great selection of Saki and cute waiters. Make early reservations if you want to avoid crowds and have time to digest before you go dance up a storm.
3	We went to Koi before a wedding at Planet Hollywood. Flowing through the dungeon dark lounge around 5pm, we sat at the empty bar.  Two bartenders were chatting away but stopped quickly to take our drink orders.  We were assured we could eat our sushi at the bar.  Unfortunately, they got part of the order wrong.  We were served spicey tuna cut rolls instead of hand. Oh well. Very tasty anyway.  The bartenders continued to chat and chat, never bothering to ask if we needed anything. My chardonnay was $16, a little pricey for 6 ounces. We won't be going back.
2	do yourself a favor and go to sushi roku across the street.the spicy tuna wasn't spicy.the bottom fell out of my boyfriend's water glass inexplicably (ok, not their fault necessarily).the rolls were microscopic.i should have tried some of the entrees instead of ordering just sushi. but when you're known for being a sushi restaurant, your rolls should be on par.i did really appreciate the wonderful customer service, though. when the mysterious water debacle occurred, the staff was apologetic and comped our $27 kobe gyoza appetizer, in addition to bringing us another dish on the house.
1	We are from SF, and if this place was in SF, it will be put to shame.Sushi was lackluster, didn't even offer green tea to wash the rice down. Beer came when almost finished with dinner. Don't be fooled if you are a sushi pro.
5	This is by far my favorite sushi place in the world.  I don't why it's so good and so dead. It must be because Planet Hollywood is not yet the cool place to party in town.  Koi is located next to the Stomp Out Loud theater.  I ordered all of these dishes and LOVED every single one of them:  Crispy Rice with spicy tuna, tuna sashimi with jalapenos and garlic chips, hamachi fusion, spicy seared albacore with crispy onions, yellowtail carpaccio, tuna tartare with avocado on crispy wontons, vegetable tempura and fried bananas for desert.  The dessert was just ok, but the fish here just melts in your mouth. Everything was so fresh and tasty and I wish I could eat her every single day.  That would make me so happy.
2	So I don't know if I'm spoiled living in the SF Bay Area where there is an abundance of trendy Japanese restaurants at my fingertips. Koi was very mediocre for me. Sure, the space is nice and oh-so-chic. But it's not something I've never seen or that leaves a lasting impression. The service is not extraordinary and neither is the food. The decor kind of reminds me of Osha Thai on the Embarcadero and in the Marina. That's it.I started with the kobe carpaccio rolls. It was pretty good but the 8 small pieces are not worth $28. I then had the skirt steak entree... which again, is pretty good but not worth the price (tiny portion). I was told by our waiter that would be enough to fill my tummy but it wasn't. So I ordered a veggie roll. That was o.k. too. The best thing I had was the raspberry mojito. Even the desserts (our table had several to share) weren't all that great and I'm a huge fan of sugar. Hrmmm for $100/person, it could have been better.4 of my friends ordered the "chef's menu" where they were served tiny portions of about 8 dishes each. None of them were impressed at all.I dunno. I'm really starting to think I've become a food snob or something! :x
3	Went here in June to try it out since I had heard so much. The wine was great; the service was ok and the Sirloin Kobe Style Shishito Mashed Potatoes was hard to chew... WTF!? For $40 something bucks I was pretty let down. The sauce was amazing though! But, the desert was AMAZING! And the setting is pretty nice. Very open and clean decor. If it wasn't for the mass amounts of wine I drank I would be pretty upset!
3	Alittle later the 1st night and were here at Koi.We shared:Tuna tartareRainbow rollSeafood tempuraSoftshell crab rollYellowtail and Scallion rollUnagi rollSushi can be expensive and this was not one of those time it was necessarily worth it.
3	Having been to the NY location, I was really looking forward to trying out the new Vegas location.   I really wanted to like this place.  The prices were really a downer.  Even more so, were the size of nigiri you get if you order some pieces of sushi (looking at 3.50-4.50 per piece).   The atmosphere and decor just did not seem quite the same as the NY location so that was a downer too.  But otherwise, the food was pretty good.... it wasn't holy-shit good, but good.  So I don't know... if I am going back, I am going to NY!  Or perhaps the LA one is better too, haven't been there yet.
2	can't see any reason to dine here. The atmosphere was dull, the food ranged from OK to yuck (we tried to send one dish back, but they weren't interested), service was OK but not great, and they close early. Very disappointing. The best part of the experience was spinning the prayer wheels near the entrance, hopefully to spare our party from food poisoning.
4	We needed an early reservation so that we could make it to the Madonna concert (AMAZING, BTW) with enough time to buy merchandise and drinks.  So yes, in Vegas, we ate dinner at 5:30 PM.  Truly unhip, but Madge is worth it.We made our reservations on Opentable.com and arrived on time, but the hostess had us wait a bit before getting seated.  Mind you, the place was empty.  Whatever - we made the best of it and tried out their fancy fruity martinis.  I had the Asian Pear, which was light, not too sweet and strooong.  Me likey.  We were seated and our "Mr. Cool Guy" waiter offered us "still, mineral, or tap" water.  I don't know what it is about Planet Hollywood, but the water tastes like ass - so get the still water.  My PIC and I ordered family style, which the waiter didn't seem to expect.  Whatev.  Oh, maybe it's because we ordered enough food for an army and we're dainty females.  Ha.  All of the food was amazing, completely on par with Nobu and Tao.  I think the food was a little cheaper, but there was a booze fog by the time the bill came, so I'm not sure!  The dishes to definitely try:- Ahi tartare (the best I've had)- Baked lobster roll with Creamy Sauce (melts in your moth)- Lychee Martini - Seafood tempura (shrimp, fish, snow crab, oh my!)
4	I have been to both Koi in Beverly Hill and Las Vegas and actually like that they have the same menu - makes you feel like a loyal, trusted old friend is watching over you :) I have been to the Beverly Hills location about 4 times, LV twice.  Both have phenomenal ambiance, and I LOVE the bar/lounge area at the Las Vegas location.  So chic and sexy.  I can grub, these are the favorites:  Tiger prawns, Lamb Chops, Softshell Crab, Hamachi Fusion.  But everything is pretty much really good.Service at both is pretty normal for this level of restaurant, but what I really appreciated about Vegas...we were waiting in the lounge having a drink waiting to be seated and I minorly slipped on an unseen patch of water, and spilled my entire full martini glass.  I wouldn't have been surprised if it was due to my own clumsiness, but they saw the mini puddle right away (the floor is really shiny and glittery and could only be viewed from a certain angle) and apologized profusely, replacing my martini immediately, and giving me another comped one on top of that.  Small thing; but actions like that speak to a place's character.
5	I happen to love Koi the one in NYC has always been 1 of my fav spots and now the 1 in Vegas also its the perfect place to go to eat right b4 hitting Prive...  Great Cocktails and Appetizers... I love the Crispy Rice topped with the Spicy Tuna that is a must every time I come here.. I also really like the Tuna Tartare YUMMMY....  My friends really like the Kobe Beef Potstickers but when I am in Vegas I try and eat light...   So if your looking for a trendy sexy spot to eat and then go out after Koi is the best location for that...
2	this place isn't bad .... it just isn't good.  Really overpriced for what you get.But I guess you're in Vegas, so there.
4	DELICIOUS SASHIMI ON THE VEGAS STRIP!I decided to try Koi at the Planet Hollywood!  The food is VERY good!  I had some sashimi and literally the fish melted in my mouth!  (I know, people always say that but it for sure did!  I SWEAR!)  The entire restaurant had a really cool vibe but can someone please tell the restaurant to pay their electric bill so they can turn up the lights!  Man, I could barely see my hand in front of my face and when you combine alcohol, Vegas and chopsticks with dark lighting, the combination is deadly!  So PLEASE turn your lights on!
1	Was staying in the PH hotel, and decided to try this place to try Dessert.  We tried the Chocolate Fondue.. it was AWFUL! One of the worst I've ever tried. It was low quality chocolate, was served cold. The service was SLOOW, and the place was dead - we were the only people in the bar area where we ate.  The ambiance of the place was nice, but that's the highlight. The price we paid for quality received was horrid.   This is one of the places that was whipped together with no thought for quality, and try to rape you for your money just because it's in vegas and on the strip.  We will stay away!
4	Dimly lit, sexy ambiance, wonderful service and great decor! We shared the: Tuna Tartare - delish! My absolute favorite Spicy Crunchy Yellow tail Tartare - creamy Agadashi tofu - spicy, different, unlike the traditional version Baked scallop roll - the other gals enjoyed it, I'm allergic =/ Baked Lobster roll - perfect blend of seafood & cream Dragon roll - loved the sprinkled tempura pieces on top! Spicy tuna roll - just the right amount of heat Sunset roll - not impressive, avg, roll found @ any resto Coming back for more? Hell to the yes...
3	great service, delicious food.  A little overpriced, but, thats Vegas!wonderful place to visit if you are staying at Planet Hollywood.
4	I agree! Koi has the best sushi and sashimi on the strip. We stopped there before the Jersey Boys show for a cocktail and some sushi to hold us over until after the show. It was delicious! I thought about it all during the show. To make it even better, I found a coupon at www.destinationcoupons.com that got me HALF PRICE appetizers and cocktails from 5-7pm.  Of course we went back after the show and paid full price for some more - but it was worth it. Here is the link for the coupon ...http://www.destinationcoupons.com/Nevada/Las_Vegas/koi-japanese-restaurant/restaurant.asp
1	Ok, went her last weekend because a friend of mine had heard good things about it. I know it from hearing about the West Hollywood location (popular celeb hangout, good food, etc.). We went here on a Saturday night and it wasn't all that busy (dinner was at 8 p.m.) Everything started out fine until we were waiting for our food and one of our guests spotted something interesting behind our booth, which was up against one of the walls of the restaurant. WTF??? Why was there a MASSIVE RAT TRAP behind our booth? (Picture to come) Is this place hiding something we don't know? That is absolutely disgusting. To top it off, our MINIATURE SIZED entree's came. Wow, this place is more of a rip off. My friend had the chicken yakitori (pint size chicken skewers). Wow $16! I had the hamachi ($22). Don't get me wrong, the food was pretty good but the price of the food certainly does not match the service of the place. Our waitress was at times horrible. My friend asked for a bottle of wine, which she was quoted as saying was between $29 and $35. She never came back to confirm that price and then she had the audacity to charge $48 for that bottle. She also added one too many orders of a bottle of sake. This place is just all wrong. I wouldn't bother wasting your money there.
2	This restaurant was just OK for me. Yes, it was decorated very nicely, and the atmosphere was great. I was disappointed in the food though. My Fiance and I went here to celebrate Valentines Day this year (2009) and thought we'd try out this restaurant since we've never been. The portions of the food was very small (My Fiance ordered the Grilled Skirt Steak and I ordered the Dragon Roll). The Skirt Steak was too salty and it was served to us in small cut pieces, which I though was odd. My Dragon Roll was okay, but I've tasted better back in my hometown of San Diego. Overall, for the price (which was expensive) I would have been happier if they served bigger portions, and better tasting food. I porbably will not go back to this restaurant. Nicely decorated restaurant though. Very hip and trendy!
3	Not worth the $110 per person. Yes - including tip. All I can really remember was the Kobe beef which was first way overcooked - but they send out another order gratis. Eventually it was delicious but not a '10'.The service was great. Our waiter was young, funny and accommodating. We kept ordering drinks after food after drinks etc. We also had plenty of questions for our "pain in the ass" friends.The other food we ordered - hamachi, beef carpaccio, crispy rice w/ tuna, rock shrimp etc. It was good no doubt but in the end after spending $110 each we were not full and the food was not spectacular.
2	Was here last week for a work event, we booked the private room which was AMAZING!!!! It had the perfect view of the Bellagio water show, random girls in their underwear walking around with their Paris Eiffel Tower shaped drinks, the Urban Outfitters next door in the Miracle Mile shops... quite simply, a GREAT VIEW! This is where all the gratuitous words end.... the rest of the Koi experienced sucked! The food was horrible, the set menu was served family style, the waiters were slow and unattentive, overall - food just not very good for the price you pay. We had: Miso SoupEdamameTuna on WontonsChicken in Miso BrothLarge Giant PrawnsShitake MushroomsEggplantsAll items were below average, and you're simply paying for the sexiness of the place. I suggest you take your money elsewhere, and try another Japanese joint in Vegas.
4	Mmmmm kobe filet mignon - super delicious mouth watering and totally worth ordering even though it is one of the most, if not most expensive item on the menu.  It comes in slices and I recommend ordering it medium or medium to rare. The sauce with mushrooms were really complimentary to the food. Also had the lobsta, but i'm a beef kinda girl. Don't get me wrong, but the lobster was also very delicious. As was the spinach and mushroom salad - it was huge and so tasty.Koi is a scene - we had such a good time watching guys hit on girls at the table over from us. Our server was also good looking. It's an expensive restaurant, but the food was good and the decor was 5 stars.
1	Overpriced with miniscule portions. The perfect example of pre-recession excess. Went there on Friday 3/27 to find the restaurant less than half full. The bar area near the entrance was completely empty. I've been to the L.A. location so I had an idea of what to expect on the menu. I don't know if Koi stole everything off the Katsuya menu or vice versa - but crispy rice tuna, baked crab hand roll, and rock shrimp tempura are all better at Katsuya. For regular sushi, the pieces of salmon and albacore were smaller than my pinkie finger. A 2-piece order of sushi at Koi is the size equivalant of one piece at 99% of sushi restaurants I've been to.  The next night we stumbled upon Sushi Samba at Palazzo and it was one of the more memorable meals I have had in Vegas.The Vegas Koi is living off it's L.A. reputation as a see-and-be-seen restaurant. Unfortunately, there was no scene and the food, while tasty, was not worth a return visit.  Not recommended.
3	So, I went to Koi a few times the last time I stayed at Planet Hollywood.HAPPY HOUR - Four starsIt's not that busy and the signature drinks are pretty tasty. Even better are the sushi apps they offer at "half price," which is really what would be about full price anywhere else. Also, Ketel One, for some odd and wonderful reason, is their well vodka. Five bones for a mixed drink.DINNER - Two starsAfter getting really teased during happy hour, dinner here was a big letdown. Service was fine and the decor was pretty nice, but the food was disappointing. Most everything on the menu is grossly overpriced, especially considering the portion and overall quality. The miso cod entree I ordered was, well, a piece of cod with a few carrots and asparagus--decently executed, but uninspired. And at $50+ per person, no thanks.
5	thanks to checking this place out on yelp before dinner, i had to go for the baked lobster roll. wow, yelp did not steer me wrong. at the risk of sounding cliche, the lobster really melts in your mouth and is great paired with the roll below, and creamy sauce on top.this was one of those meals i kept thinking about all night, and would've kept going back all weekend if possible.decor and service were great and despite the other reviews i thought the dishes were well proportioned in size. this is vegas after-all and many times dinner is only there to prepare your stomach for the 6+ hours of fun to follow.
4	Koi is an excellent dining option.  We had a group for business there.Great fish and atmosphere.  Kobe Beef Potstickers are unbelievable.
2	I read the other reviews that commented on how expensive Koi was, but shrugged it off as people just looking for cheaper food. But, I was wrong. Koi is really way overpriced. The food is very good. I have no problems with the portions - they are a bit on the small side, but I actually like that since you can try different things. The service was very good. The place is beautiful, with great ambiance.But the prices are outrageous. I would not go back. Also, they don't publish their prices on the online menu, which I think is lame.
1	I'm not a hater, I love to give a positive review when warranted.   Vegas is expensive and I'd rather send you elsewhere but here.  If you want to impress a date and they don't know quality sushi and they ain't paying the bill, then go here.If you want below average and VERY expensive sushi.... Go here...  There's no doubt that the place looks very cool but I'm not here to get gouged with SMALL portions that barely have flavor.I've eaten here three times (on the company card) and I can't tell you how disappointed I was each time.  I had to eat here for work, and you all know food sometimes tastes a little better when you aren't paying for it.  That doesn't happen here at all....
3	Sin-u-Rita and Who's Your Daddy are just two of the uniquely named cocktails served at Koi in Las Vegas. Both were quite tasty. The Sin-u-Rita was a patron cocktail mixed with grand marnier, ginger, and pomegranate puree and fresh lime juice. I sucked down three of those and was feeling a bit tipsy. My friend tried the Who's Your Daddy served with an energy shot. Moving from cocktails to food we ordered the crispy rice topped with spicy tuna appetizer. A little small, but super flavorful. The crunchy rice really added a unique texture to the dish. We also ordered the tuna sashimi with jalapeno and garlic chips. Excellent, but small portion. We then tried the spicy yellowtail albacore with crispy red onions. This was amazing. Lots of texture and flavor and the crispy onions were a perfect accompaniment. We then tried the the kobe beef potstickers which were good, but if it didn't say Kobe beef, I wouldn't know otherwise so we basically paid for the name. Lastly we tried the creamy rock shrimp tempura and the baked lobster roll with creamy sauce. Both were perfectly prepared. I wanted more of the lobster because the portion was so small. A note on the service -- I was supremely happy with our service for the first hour and then suddenly our waitress (Melody) disappeared for about 30 minutes and forgot about our drink order. I'm not sure what happened to her. When she came back to check on us, we had finished all of our food, all of our cocktails, all of our water and expected a cocktail (which we had ordered). She had 100% forgotten. So we took the check and left. There's nothing that makes me more pissy than crappy service. I might consider going back to Koi again next time I am in Las Vegas because their food is very inventive and interesting, but I would probably sit at the bar next time to avoid the disappearing waitress routine.
2	Went to Koi last night (06/06/09)The drinks here are good. And good for a reason. I feel like they want you to get so buzzed you don't notice the food. I like good sushi. Eat in Little Tokyo in LA a lot... this sushi was sooo mediocre, I"ve had better sushi in the Midwest! Yes we are in the middle of the desert, but Sushi Roku in Vegas is the same quality fish as their LA location. Fish was not particularly fresh, on par with grocery store sushi. TINY sushi size too. Seaweed on salmon roll was tough and crappy.Even the sirloin steak was tough, Costco has much better beef.Spinach salad was good. Highlight of the meal. Funnily enough the waiter kept joking that we hated the food as our plates were clear. Since we were spending $150/head we thought we better eat it!
3	This place was surprisingly dead on thursday night after Peepshow.  The saketini was pretty strong and went well with the spicy tuna with crispy rice, which was comparable to Katsuya, Katana, etc.  I also got the agedashi tofu which was really good--crispy fried on the outside with soft tofu in the middle.  Not so good was the eggplant side dish and my dads Kobe Sirloin.  He said it was the worst steak hes ever had.  I had higher hopes for this place and I wouldn't go back.
5	Do yourself a favor and order the Baked Lobster Roll.  You will NOT be disappointed...it is an EXPLOSION of flavor in your mouth.  The place is a bit expensive, but IMHO, well worth it.  I always hit this place when I'm in Vego.Letter grade:  A++
2	This is unusual for me to write a negative review.  I keep a positive outlook and want to say only good things about local businesses.  But this place did me wrong tonight and I'm not letting them get away with it without saying something.I pulled up a chair at the sushi bar.  I ordered my favorite sake, Junmai Daijingo.  I asked the man behind the sushi counter to hook me up with his specialty dish.  I told him no exotics; I like rolls, tuna and salmon.  I've done this before at other sushi bars.  They usually give me one dish at a time.  If I want more, I order more.  I'm one person, and a petite woman.He slides over 2 full rolls and 3 different tuna sashimi pieces on this huge plate.  I thought nothing of it.  I only was able to eat half of it.  It was good, not blow-me-away fabulous, by any means.  When I asked for the check, I was stunned.  Not fair to assume I'm a dumb tourist who is willing to spend whatever.  I was the only person sitting at the sushi bar and I feel he took advantage of me.I've played out this same scenario at Nobu at the Hard Rock and had a completely opposite experience.  That sushi chef gave me incredible dishes one at a time as I asked for them.  The bill at Nobu was half what it was at Koi.I say skip it and go to Nobu instead.   A word for the sushi chefs at Koi: the next time you assume a customer is a tourist who doesn't know better, you'd better think twice before deciding to take advantage of that customer.  Come on, managers, train your employees to deliver better service.
3	Went to Koi last weekend...our waitress was SLOW, but the food was decent.  Definitely do the sushi ala carte, well worth it.  I'm not a roll person, but they looked decent as well.  The lychee martini was good...go for it!
3	Here is my breakdown of ratingDecor: 4.5Service: 3Food: 2.5Price for food: 1This review is only for the happy hour.First of all, this place is so overpriced that there is no way I would come here if it wasn't for happy hour. It's located on the second floor inside Planet Hollywood. Decor: This is definitely a winner. I feel like this is the only thing keeping this place alive because the decor is a pretty sweet deal. Good for dates or girl's night out or just a group hangout. Food: During happy hour, you can get some items at 50% off. That being said, the drinks are worth a try if you come during happy hour because at $8, it's pretty strong and it's not bad. We ordered the tuna tar tar and the california roll. Okay let me just say, I thought the tuna tar tar tasted pretty good. Let me also say, that for $8 during happy hour ($16 during normal), having 2 pieces of chips with tuna tar tar sitting on top of it, is NOT worth it. What the hell. Who the hell would pay $8 for one bite? It's not even a big portion. This is why you fail Koi. The California Roll was your average run-of-the-mill roll. Why the hell do they charge you $10 for it? It literally looks like the CA roll that you can find at your cheap sushi place down the street. Tastes like it too. Service: This wasn't great but it wasn't bad. I think the girl was just doing her job. She wasn't friendly but she wasn't mean either. I can't really complain about her because she was still doing her job.Price: is the ultimate fail. Really, I think you're just paying for the decor (which is pretty sweet) but other than that, I don't think it's worth getting dinner here at all. I'm not trying to be cheap here; I would happily pay more if the food was quality or the portions were bigger. What I'm basically trying to say is, I want to get my money's worth. All in all, maybe if this place made the prices proportionate to the size and quality of their food, I think I would give this place a better rating. However, they really fail at doing that and this is why I say, come here ONLY during happy hour, if you even decide to come at all.
4	Delicious!! I am a fan of the LA Koi, and the Vegas one was very good too. The experience was great from the start. Took reservations the day of and also helped change them within 30min of arrival, since we added 3 people and were also an hour late. Had most of the signature dishes, some high lights- crispy rice, spicy seared albacore (!!), kobe beef potstickers, dragon roll and another special roll. Over all it was great, nice staff and fun dinner. I will be back!
3	Ms. Graham and I went to Koi as part of a dinner/show package at Planet Hollywood. My first impression of the place was that it was decorated amazingly. It truly is a beautiful dining room. We were lead to a seating area near the front of the hotel that had a window view of the strip. We sat on couches (slightly worn and stained) and it was great. The service (although nice enough) was slow and spotty. The food was good but I can easily think of 10 Asian restaurants in San Francisco that are better and cheaper. It felt like there wasn't alot of soul put into the food although it seemed creative enough. I'm afraid to say that this place is definitely more of a has been then anything else.
3	Decor is very nice. Food was just ok wasn't anything special about dinner that I could remember. I've had better elsewhere of everything we ordered. Service sucks! Not really much to say. Maybe it needs better management before it goes out of business. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant. There are way better restaurants in Vegas. Like Sushi Samba or Khotan.
2	We expected so much more from Koi. It is inside the Planet Hollywood hotel and has great decor. When we arrived we had to wait in the bar for our table which even with reservations was not ready (good sign right- nope)... So in the bar we went to get a pre-dinner cocktail. As we sat down the bartender broke a wine glass by the ice and didn't change the ice bin. I'm not a bartender, but I'm pretty sure rule #1 protect your ice. So we decided no mixed cocktails (bummer I wanted a vodka soda). He was so preoccupied and overwhelmed we got sat before he ever got us our beverage. Then we sit at the sushi bar and the chef's look like they know what they are doing- so we are relived. I was hoping they could re-save the first impression. They did, but unfortunately the Sushi chef's were not good enough to carry the rest of the terrible service. Our waiter forgot our drinks in the bar, never asked us if we wanted another round, walked past us twice when we tried to flag him down for the check. Then when we felt so compelled to complain to the GM he was totally oblivious to his customers needs and walked passed us. Little to say this was a total crash and burn - even if it was the best sushi we have ever had the experience was horrendous. Sorry guys - need better trained staff. Customer service should be over the top here considering the mixed sashimi plate was $100.00. Note: Pick servers that are  not just there to make tips, but love the industry and want to feed and serve their customers. My BF is a really generous tipper too. :(
4	Let me preface this review by saying that I in no way would be able to afford this restaurant on my own. But since I was here with my co-workers for a work dinner we got to expense it (woo-hoo!). We were here on a Sunday night for dinner and sat in the main dining area. There's a section that's very loungy with couches that overlooks the Bellagio...great view but the couches seem like they would be uncomfortable to eat an entire meal on. I got a bottle of the Star Rabbit sparkling sake- my ultimate favorite drink! I never find it anywhere and I was so excited they had it here. We started with the Cucumber Sunomono- a light pickled cucumber salad. I thought it was a great refereshing way to start the meal. Then we got the Vegetable Tempura which had asparagus, onions, shiitake mushrooms, eggplant, green beans and yams. I thought it was delicious. We also started with the Tuna Sashimi which was to die for. It came served on top of the most amazing sauce with jalapeno and garlic chips. One of my co-workers also ordered the kobe beef potstickers which he said were fabulous.For our entree I shared the Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura and Vegetable rolls which were all great. The spicy tuna was my favorite. A little random but we also shared a side of the Shishito Mashed Potatoes which were so creamy and delectable. Dessert had to be the most amazing part of the meal. We ordered the dessert platter which consisted of Molten Chocolate Cake, Koi's Signature Cheesecake (white chocolate with raspberries....YUM), Berry Cobbler w/ice cream, and Vanilla Creme Brulee. Oh. My. GOD. It was so incredible. Between 6 people we devoured the entire thing. Our service was a little slow at times but our waiter was still attentive and very nice. All in all a fabulous experience.
2	Our friends that we met in Vegas said Koi was Mikuni's quality.  If you are from the Sacramento area and are a fan of sushi, then I am sure you know about Mikuni's and how excellent Mikuni's is.  Well, granted our friends moved away from Roseville over 5 years ago and I guess they forgot just how good Mikuni's was.  We opted not to Yelp Koi, our mistake and just take our friends word.  I will say we sat in the Fountain Room, over looks the fountain light show at Bellagio, it was beautiful the first couple times of checking it out, then you kind of forget about what's going on outside because at this point, you are working on not dying from hypothermia.  OK, enough about that, we ordered up a bunch of different overpriced sushi rolls and unfortunately not one of them was memorable.  Our tab was $180 bucks for four of us and we did have a bottle of wine.  One would think with a price tab like that you would probably be leaving the place full and quite satisfied.  well that didn't happen and the reason is, the rolls are small, pretty simple really and nothing over the top like the rest of Vegas.I suppose for a couple hundred more we could have walked away full, but it is hard to pay that much money for mediocre sushi rolls.But don't fear, Pinks hotdogs is just down stairs and their Polish dog finished off the job.Friends, if you go to Vegas, let the reviewers help you decide on where to go.  After our friends left to go home to CO, we went to a great place, 4 stars in Yelp, called Eggs and I.  I would give it a solid 4 as well and we went to a great place for lunch, 4 stars again in Yelp, called Hot n' Juicy Crawfish.  I would actually rate this one a 5 and will in just a moment.
2	I love Koi LA but the Vegas location leaves a lot to be desired.  It's beautiful and has a nice cocktail area that partially overlooks the casino floor which is fun for people watching but... that's where it ends for me.   Maybe it's just me... but when I'm in Vegas I *never* go to Planet Hollywood for anything.  Generally speaking we stick to Palazzo, Wynn, Ceasars and Bellagio.  This stop at PH was a first - and only to go to Koi, which was seriously lacking in customers for a Thursday night in Vegas. We ordered crispy rice with tuna, kobe beef carpaccio, seared tuna with fried red onions, creamy rock shrimp tempura rolls and a dragon roll.   Everything was as good as I remember it from LA with the exception of the crispy rice with tuna.   I do love that dish... but I felt that the rice was over-fried (nearly burnt) and that was disappointing.  If I'm gonna go there, as far as calories go... it better be worth it.   That one was not... but YMMV.  It is a signature dish so on another day it may be better.  Still love the kobe carpaccio and the shrimp rolls.  The seared tuna with red onion could use a few more slices of tuna.  They're really stingy on that one.   It's a nice combination, but I've had it twice now and I don't think I'd order it again.We also tried the kobe pot stickers and they were good but not great. Tasty enough, and I particularly liked the little bit of heat that the dipping sauce had on the finish.. but just not mind blowing overall.  I wouldn't turn one away but I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to order it again either.  Koi is expensive ... so all things considered you might be wiser to spend your money at a restaurant where the atmosphere is more upscale and  service is more attentive.   I'm glad I got to experience this location but next time I won't make it a destination.
4	I give this a little less than 4 stars. I haven't been to a ton of pricier sushi places but this place had some great food. Salmon sushi was pretty run of the mill. The crispy rice was great. The Kobe beef pot stickers were the highlight. Baked scallop roll was right behind the pot stickers. Baked lobster roll I had high hopes for but didn't quite hit the mark. Again another place where I loved the look and feel of the restaurant, are you seeing the trend in my reviews? The wait staff was just so so my food came out quick (being sushi and having dinner at 8pm in Vegas) but my server wasn't around much to order more drinks or food after the initial greeting. The drinks were pricey and very small not to mention weak, so me having 5 in an hour probably contributed to the high price of my bill. All and all, I would return for a few select menu items and maybe try some new ones.
3	A pretty establishment on the second floor of Planet Hollywood. Its expensive for what it is but I appreciated the service. Our waiter took the time to answer our questions about the different dishes and was very helpful.The cocktails were $15 bucks each and about what you would expect. I had the kobe beef rolls which was average. I am not sure what the hype is about kobe beef and sushi, it was about 26 bucks for 5 pieces which is simply not worth it. I also had a rock shrimp tempura which was around 15 bucks and was excellent. If staying at Planet Hollywood, I would give it a try, but otherwise your high end strip hotel will offer something comparable.
4	Nice atmosphere, good food, especially the steak, even if it was a bit pricey it was worth it, although I didn't pay.hehe. Really nice place for a date.
2	Let's just say it how it is, steak and lobster price for happy hour portions! And the drinks........psh! Forget about it! 15 bucks a drink was wayyyyyyy too much! They better hope I am drunk if they ever expect me to pay those prices again! Our waitress was not helpful nor was she ever really acknowledging our existance and when it came time to pay she took forever to come to the table with our bill then took another maybe close to 10 minutes before she came back with our card! After our meal we were still hungry and we had to run to In-N-Out just to feel a little more satisfied!
2	What can i say "No too impressed" I myself love Fushion Sushi & Japanese Traditional Sush and have eating it all over the world. Maybe just the name KOI which also has a location in Beverly Hills.The only thing i liked was the "Crispy RIce with Spicy Tuna"But thats about it. : p   Ohh and expensive. Save your money for the Craps Tables
3	Well, I've been here just for the happy hour. Price - at 50% - was ok, and food was quite good. Service was friendly, if not extremely fast. The environment is really nice and well-decorated.
4	Located on the second floor of Planet Hollywood.BEAUTIFUL decor. There's a different feel for each room. My personal favorite: The Fountain View Room.Surprised my fiance with dinner in the Fountain View Room with 10 of our other friends. Although we were an entire HOUR late (he and I), our waiter (I believe his name was Alex) was still as friendly as ever and answered all our questions thoroughly and even offered suggestions. The website says the average check per person is approximately $60. I have to disagree. It is quite expensive as each appetizer was at least $10 - $15 and main dishes started at $20 a piece. I had a seared ahi dish and dragon roll plate. Delicious. My mouth is watering as I write this. Top it off with a mojito. Ahhhh.With our party of 12, our bill came out to $700. We're big eaters and we love Japanese food. I believe there is an 18% gratuity fee for parties of 12 or more.Don't let the price scare you away. If you enjoy Japanese food, check out Koi the next time you're in Vegas. :) It's worth it!
1	We decided to dine at Koi on New Year's Eve since we were staying at PH and didn't feel like walking too far for dinner.  I do feel the recession in Vegas because we got a table for 7:30pm for New Year's Eve and we only made the reservation at 3pm.Upon arrival, we were told by the host that there is no table and asked us to wait at the bar.  After 30 mins and 2 drinks later, it was 8pm and we were tired of waiting so we were ready to walk out and tell them to cancel our table.  As soon as we walked to the host table, they told us that our table is ready.  I believe it's a marketing trick they use to make you spend more money at the restaurant.  When we walked into the dinning room, we noticed tons of empty tables.  While we were waiting for our table, we did not see a lot of people walking out of the dining room.  Of course we were pissed about that.As far as food goes, definitely not worth the money we were paying.  Most of the rolls are between $12 - 25.  Here is what we ordered:1.  Dragon Roll:  it has  alot of those crispy thing on top and I can not taste what is actually in the roll.  All I ate was rice and the roll is like $19  or something like that.2.  Rainbow roll:  the typical rainbow roll you can get at the regular sushi place and again, we paid way too much for it.3.  Salmon sashimi:  the fish is actually ok.4.  Surf and Turf:  I think it's like $40 ish?  very small plate thu.  5.  Tuna dinner:  it was ok,. just over pricedThe cocktails and sake selections are actually pretty good.So after $300 later, i had food poisoning afterward.  I would say that I will never go back to Koi again,I have to say, the coolest thing at the restaurant is that you can see the water show at the Ballogio's.
3	I keep giving this place a try. The only thing that satisfies though is the spectacular view and atmosphere. Food is sub par. Can get better bang for your buck for sushi , Japanese -fusion dinner entrees. Fails to deliver for price charged.
3	The food is pricey but good, that's why I would recommend stopping in for the early early happy hour specials and then grab a late dinner elsewhere else. The service was good and the bar was casual.  I will go back.
4	I have already reviewed the Los Angeles incarnation so I came to Koi Vegas with high expectations.  I wanted to see if their magic could translate on the Strip because so many restaurants come to mind where thats not the case (Canter's, Joe's Stone Crab etc...).  I think Koi nailed it...and given a few tweaks can be even better.First thing I noticed about the Las Vegas space is its giant compared to the one in LA.  The lounge I think is the same size of the whole LA restaurant.  Its a little bit of the beaten path being upstairs at Planet Hollywood but where that might impact their foot traffic it more than makes up for in the FABULOUS strip view they have in one part of the restaurant.  If its a special occasion, make sure you put in a request for this view.  The menu is almost a complete clone of the LA version as well.  On this particular visit I ordered a couple new items I had tried before.  First up was the Salmon Carpaccio with truffle oil which was outstanding.  I had a similar dish but with beef in LA and can recommend both, but for my money I'll take the salmon.  Next up was a Yellowtail covered in crispy onions.  Again, a wonderful favor combination where the crisp of the onions blends sublimely with the the smooth flavor of the yellowtail.  My only suggestion here would be to maybe offer more yellowtail on the plate.  It appeared the plate was overwhelmed by the crispy onions and you had to dig to find the fish. I always have to get a roll so I ordered a hand roll soft shell crab which was good and satiated my craving for that type of sushi.  Finally I split with my friend the skirt steak and ordered a side of their asparagus/mushroom combination.  The meat was tasty and the glaze a nice compliment, but nothing that will blow your mind.  It was  a safe pick and next time I might opt for more seafood.  However, I must say the asparagus & mushroom side was one of the finest side dishes I have ever had.  The chop the asparagus and mushrooms down to small pieces and blend them in a savor glaze.  I kid you not when I say I could order a full plate of this as a meal and be satisfied. I ended with an order of their chocolate cake which is always a nice little treat.  Nothing fancy, but nice if your finishing some sake or wish to get a desert wine or coffee.All in all, Im a big fan of the Vegas location after being kind of skeptical heading in.  Its a big space and good for larger groups but the it also can be intimate if need be, especially by those windows where you can see the whole strip.  I think next time I may save time and do cocktails after dinner there too because it looked as if they brought in a dj and shifted into a lounge feel later in the evening.  Ahh, but this is Vegas...where do we find time for it all???
5	Just like the one in LA. Perfect.Crispy Rice with Spicy Tuna is unbelievabele, as well as the Seared Rare Ahi and Creamy Rock Shrimp.
4	Oh my goodness....YUM!  Our party of 5 split 6-7 rolls and they were all delicious.  The most delicious being the baked lobster roll.  We were all fat and happy at the end.  :)
4	I love the food at Koi, but boy, this spot in Planet Hollywood is pretty dead lately.  The Yellow-fin Tuna and string beans are my favs along with sake and beer!   Although it was quiet last Thursday night, it made it easy to get a table without a resi and kept our servers attention on us!!
1	I have been to Koi NY and enjoyed my meal, however, this visit in Vegas definitely rated in my top 5 worst restaurant experiences ever. Not only did it take nearly 1.5 hours to get our food after ordering, parts of our order were missing, the rice on the sushi & rolls was dry and in the case of the special roll that evening, one that we ordered two of were not even close to being the same (eg. one had avacado and the other scallions). One of their "signature" items - Crispy Rice Topped with Spicy Tuna was terrible and all three in my party agreed. Unfortunatley, I have to say Koi will not make my list of places to eat anytime in the foreseeable future.
5	Though located in the Planet Hollywood Hotel which is chocker with the young clubbers and gamblers of Las Vegas Koi is a gem of a find!!!The venue - gorgeous. The background music - perfect. The food - stunning. By far the best meal I have had in the US.It was good for groups and ideal for romantic dates.I highly highly highly recommend the creamy-rock-shrimp.
3	It was okay, not extraordinarily great...the ambiance and decor was wonderful... We had the crispy rice and fish, which was pretty good, the double crab roll, it was okay, sea bass, wasn't so great, we had two other rolls and they were okay as well. kinda overpriced... the sangria was really good... IDK if i'd come back though!
1	If it's possible, Koi should receive zero star for their rating.  The reason the BF and I along with the friends came here was because Planet Hollywood gave us a dinner credit here for being hotel guests.The ambiance was nice for being Vegas and the service wasn't too shabby, but the food was seriously lacking for the amount we spent.  The 6 of us spent over $100 each including the dinner credit we received.  If i knew the less than yummy meal would cost this much, I would have gotten the spa credit instead.We ordered the kobe beef roll and it was quite disappointing.  I don't think it was real kobe or wagu beef at all.  It wasn't tender and didn't have the melt in your mouth effect.  Their special crispy tuna was not crispy at all.  Sweet shrimp was more like baby sweet shrimp.  It's half the size of what we can get back home and at least 3 times cheaper.  They don't prepare the heads fried either.  Not to mention the $12 for 3 little cubes of adashi tofu.  The ice cubes in my ice water were bigger than the size of the tofu.  The rainbow roll was just like home if you go to any Korean owned Japanese sushi places but again 3 times more expensive at Koi.  They are very skimpy on the uni and small portions.  As a matter affect, everything here is tiny little portions designed for babies that cost at least $30 a pop.By all means, if you have the money to blow, then I guess you can come eat here but the food isn't orgasmic.
1	I'm giving this restaurant one star for two main reasons:1. Half a star wasn't an option2. The food was edibleThen, of course, there are supporting reasons. Like the most horrendous service I have ever received. This is unacceptable for a restaurant that charges a lot of money for the little tiny portions of food they serve. Regardless, price wasn't the issue with me. If their food had been expensive but scrumptious and service one of quality, believe me, I would have give them at least 3 stars. But no. They kept bringing us the wrong plates of food, and literally at least an hour after we first ordered it.. our waitress was gone more than 90 percent of the time we were there and at the end, wanted to keep a 50 dollar tip!I ordered the lobster roll. I thought it would be hard to mess up Lobster but my roll was greasy.. it was basically just a california roll with some white salty sauce on top.. Although I will say their raspberry mojito was quite good. But would have been better if they didn't take 30 minutes to get them to us.Also, walking in I slipped on a wet floor with no warning sign posted or anyone cleaning it up. My lawyer-in-training brain totally acknowledge the fact that I could've sued.. but I let it go. And still have a huge purple bruise on my knee to show for it.I really wish I had better things to say about this place... but I am definitely never wasting my time or money with Koi again.
4	We arrived at Koi to be seated right away by the hostess. No fuss at all. I think we had a party of 12 or something, they made reservations for 9pm, but we called, they said we could come in early. Appetizers for the entire table: edamame & Veggie Tempura! Both super yummy... I then had the Miso Soup & the Cucumber Sunomono! It was the best. I love cucumber salad, and the cucumbers were sliced thinly and marinated well. Then I had the skirt steak... Which was great, and much more serving than i expected.  Since I cant eat most shellfish,  i tend to avoid sushi, but even that looked mouthwatering. The guy sitting next to me ordered a few pieces and it looked delish! Being that we were a large group, and we all ordered something different, I was able to "sample" everything the menu had to offer basically. I didn't have one thing that was bad! Just a few things I tried: Chilean Sea Bass, Miso Bronzed Black Cod and some short ribs Everything was accompanied by Sake... warm sake, cold sake... any kind of sake. Everything was good! I will go back next time I'm in Vegas... Another bonus of the night George Costanza was sitting right behind me (Jason Alexander for those of you who dont know)
5	Had dinner here a few weeks ago and the experience was amazing.  I went here with my guy and they had a special table for us in the back that looked down the strip.  An awesome view.  Our server was VERY informative and helpful.  DRINK:  He recommended the most AMAZING bottle of unfilered sake.  It was to die for.  And I love unfiltered sake.  This was a new one that I haven't tried.  It was smooth, silky.... i wish i had a bottle of it right now.  BITES:  He also started us out with edemame.  Which was basic...basically yummy and healthy.  Did we have miso soup?  Can't remember.... was the sake that good that i don't remember if i had miso soup?  SUSHI and SASHIMI:  We had a few rolls.  2 or 3.  Again, why do i not remember them...maybe the sake WAS that good.  Anywhoo, I also had the salmon sashimi.  Or was that a different night.  I'm killing myself.  We also had a scallop dish that was good.  But my favorite of the night was sashimi tuna (i think it was tuna) finished with foie gras.  OMG this was divine.  Okay, the sashimi and foie gras PLUS the sake...i wish it was in front of me right now.  DESSERT:  So we were gonna go.  But our wonderful server (whom I forgot his name...darn) had 2 desserts sent over on the house and some more sake.  And if you know me.........i do NOT turn down sake.  The desserts were yummy...but the sake was warm and made my tummy feel warm and fuzzy.  Would i go here again?  Hell yes!  for Sashimi foie gras and unfiltered sake.
5	I'm surprised by all of the low ratings! I only went here once, but would certainly give it 5 stars for that meal.  The salmon entree and dragon roll were delicious, and the cherry cobbler was to die for! The service was great.  The restaurant was pretty empty when we went at 7pm on a Saturday- we got our food promptly which was great.  I would definitely go back!
4	Came here a few nights ago with some friends who were in from out of town. The place looks REALLY nice. There were some young ladies dancing on a small stage (tastefully!) in the middle of the room, and off to the side. I didnt eat the food, but i did knock back some martinis (happy hour is from 10-12am). Don't judge me.
4	Good copy of the real Koi in Hwood.
5	I have only had the pleasure of eating here once, but I fantasize about it often...The rock shrimp appetizer is out of control. They look so small and unassuming in their bowl: though translucent, they are more delectable than southern batter! They are so wonderful, you will be sad when they are all goneI had the salmon sashimi drizzled in truffle oil which was sheer bliss.The rice on the sushi was oh so pillow soft. I also had a few handrolls and the seaweed was so crunchy!! The lychee martini was like candy, disguising the high alcohol content :) yeah! I want to fly to vegas right now just to eat here again.There's one in L.A. too but haven't been
4	Ate there twice within a week and the first visit was incredible, the second was not so much.  If you eat there, make sure you don't eat in the front lounge..  Service was slow and the food came out completely out of order...
2	The 2 stars are for the crispy rice with spicy tuna.  Everything else here was just blah.  My friend and I split the crispy rice and the sea bass.  Crispy rice was good but rediculously expensive (I think $14 or 16 for 4 pieces??)  The sea bass tasted like rubber and there wasnt much of it.  I'm used to high prices being from nyc...but I expect the food to be good.  Very dissapointed.
3	Went here for dinner with a party of 9. We made reservations and were seated promptly. We were led to the back and the view there was amazing. Nice view of the Bellagio and their fountain show. The view itself almost made it worth it to go here. We had a nice friendly waiter and he offered up some nice suggestions for dinner. The rock shrimp tempura was good and the tuna tartare was nice, but I thought the kobe beef carpaccio was disgusting.I had the Miso Black Cod for my entree which was amazing, I was ready to order another one. They gave us free miso soup which tasted very ordinary actually. I have tasted the same quality soup from local NYC sushi take out spots. Everyone else had mixed reviews of their dishes, and nothing blew us away. The rolls were on par with average sushi, but literally 2 or 3x the price. I would come here again if I was seated in the back with the awesome view, but besides that this place is a so-so sushi spot.
2	The first joint on the evening of arrival at Vegas and sushi craving started kicking in. Seeing this place had an early happy hour, my group and I figured to get the night started here. The atmosphere / ambiance is very trendy and looking at the prices, I anticipated some excellent quality sushi.Started with the Salmon sashimi which came out fresh with anticipation. Yet, my hunger was not satisfied!!! Of course right? Ordered some Spicy Tuna Roll, baked Lobster Roll with Creamy Sauce and Sunset Roll. The service was mediocre as customers were still slowly creeping in. When our main wave of sushi came in, the overall group consensus was unfortunately dissatisfied as the quality/freshness of the remaining sushi was not up-to-par and the felt the meal was overpriced for what its worth. We tried to make up for it by giving this place one more chance by ordering the Kobe Surf and Turf Roll with Garlic Soy. Unfortunately, the Kobe beef lacked the flavored and did not fuse well with the remaining ingredients of the roll. I give them place an thumbs up for the trendy decor ambiance but the food was lacking in quality for its high price tag. Sadly, I place this place on the DNR  list  (Do Not Return)
1	Boy, one year later and nothing has changed.  As a matter of fact, our table was wondering why the sushi was taking so long and I figured out that the sushi chef's were trying to see how thin of a slice of fish they can put on rice, not LOL.  I'm totally assuming that the chefs are doing what they are told with this horrible establishment of a Japanese chain.  Shame on the Koi management.  Spare yourself and DO NOT EAT HERE unless you like paying dearly for nothing and leaving hungry.  The cumulative low rating is the best indication for this restaurant.
5	Amazing!  Great interior design, and even better food. The Miso was a little on the salty side, but amazing.  You can really never go wrong with Vegetable Tempura and the Edemame Dumplings were delicious!  By reading the previous reviews it seems that if you are a meet eater it's not very good but for Vegetarians it's great.
1	I don't mind paying for overpriced if there's some value or taste.  This place is a chain and you get chain quality.  Will not repeat.
5	I came here for my bday dinner (a bit of a splurge, but worth it). We had the...cucumber sunomono - very tasty pickled cucumber salad (and pretty!)crispy rice topped with spicy tuna - very different with the crispy rice, but I thought the textures were cool and the tuna was just righthamachi fusion - the soy-citrus was a nice touch to sashimimiso bronzed black cod - no crispy skin, but the flavor was awesome and the fish was nice and moistgrilled skirt steak with crispy onions and sesame sauce - nice and tender and the sauce was greatmolten chocolate cake - gotta love chocolate desserts :)The portion sizes were actually pretty good for a fancy restaurant (I can't comment on the sushi since I didn't have any, but why go to a place that seems to specialize in Japanese fusion for standard rolls that you could probably get elsewhere for much cheaper?). Splitting the meal between two people, we both left satisfied. Service was very very quick.... maybe almost too quick (our main dishes came before we finished our appetizers). However, they were very courteous and friendly.The ambiance was classy-cool, with modern designs and a dark palette. As for noise level... it didn't bother me to have the chatter of other diners in the background, but I suppose if you wanted to hold a serious conversation with someone a couple seats down, then it would be a bit loud.I would definitely go again!
4	This is not for the flat wallets or those lacking paper in this current economy.  I enjoyed the food and cocktails here and will definitely come back again.  Keeping this short and sweet start with trying what you enjoy first then work your way through the menu reaching outside your comfort zone and reward your taste buds.
2	Had dinner on Saturday evening  - A friend was able to squeeze rezzies last minute for a party of 6 thanks to her gambling habits-The service was rather spotty. The server was kind but took a rather long time to get anything- including asking for waters several times, and all of our orders coming out at different times- one that was over an hour apart. In fact, one of my friends who ordered a spicy tuna roll- yes, she had to ask for it two times. She finally got it when everyone else was done with their meal. No apologies, no nothing from the server- really?I ordered the spicy seared albacore with onions which were not bad- also had a baked scallop roll which i found just ok. Friends ordered a variety of the fish, signatures, and rolls and thought that it was mediocre.For the food, would give a 3. Felt that the prices were reasonable for what it is. Its a nice trendy looking space- looks like a power lunch spot, similar vibe to katsuya over here. It would have been nice if we were given a reason or an apology for my friends roll that came out practically with the bill. Vegas has better options than this.
4	We dined at Koi for my birthday recently and I was rather impressed after reading the so-so reviews on here. I must mention first that the service was top notch, our waiter was very friendly and helpful. I do admit there were a few times when he wasn't on top of refilling our sake glasses, but they are pretty small glasses so at least it made the bottle last a bit longer!We had a couple of appetizers, Hamachi Fusion & Spicy Seared Albacore, both of which we really enjoyed! The truffle essence was a nice touch to the Hamachi Fusion as my husband and I are both huge fans of truffled anything! For sushi, we had the Baked Crab Roll, Dragon Roll, Rainbow Roll and my husband had some Uni (I'm not a fan!). We LOVED the Dragon Roll, it was excellent! I felt that the crab roll had a little too much rice and not enough substance, but the flavor was great without being too overwhelmingly saucy as some baked rolls can be. My husband enjoyed the Uni, although he said it wasn't the best he's ever had, but it wasn't at all bad. Everything was very fresh, very flavorful and exceeded our expectations. For dessert, I already had my heart set on the creme brulee when our waiter brought me out some birthday mochi, it was mango flavored and SO yummy! It was a small serving, so we still ordered the creme brulee. I'm a creme brulee fanatic and bake it a lot myself, so I'm pretty picky with the stuff and this one was perfect! The consistency was right  on and the sugar was perfectly caramelized on top, not too crunchy and not too soft. I'm docking 1 star off of my review mostly for the lack of a chef's tasting menu. They did have a chef's platter which we only knew of by asking, but we really enjoy tasting menus at sushi restaurants where you can also sample their best salads, appetizers, entrees AND sushi all in one meal without buying full servings of each. A great example of this is at Katana in LA! All in all a great meal nonetheless, and we would definitely go back!
2	I have waited a few weeks to review this place thinking it will temper my feelings. My wife and kids were in town for a dance competition at the Paris. We walked next door to Koi and got seated right away. Funny how every place else was packed but Koi was empty. The service was very good. The wait staff were very friendly and helped us place drink orders and food orders for the kids. Not a very friendly place for food with kids, but this is Vegas. Some chicken skewers, cucumber rolls, and white rice. My wife and I split one of their signature rolls and she had another appetizer. I had the lamb chops. My wife had a cocktail and I had two beers. The food was very good. The reason for the low rating was for what we paid for this meal. Tax tip out the door we paid $250. This place was way over priced and I can now see why it was empty.
4	The 5-7pm Happy Hour is a must. Get the creamy shrimp. It's the best. The best Jerry, the best.
5	I've eaten here (albeit only at the bar) 3 times and had a great time every time.  Recommendations are the Creamy Rock Shrimp Tempura, Crispy Rice topped with spicy tuna, Lychee Martini, and the Kobe Beef Skewers.Given the photos I just looked at, I will be bringing the wife back here to eat in the dining room with the view of the strip.
5	free open bar for locals on mondays = 5 stars in my book. uh hi? AWEsome.came here last night; had a rough day and NEEDED a drank.  if you're with good people and good company, and it includes the word FREE - don't hate. yeah, it's small; yeah, it iiIiiIIis extra EXTRA small; but the music's not half bad, and the people who work there are extra noice.  thumbs up, PH!i'll be seeing you again, Koi.....but most likely just for open bar...on Mondays...while i'm a local  xoxop.s. i did not see any pink plastic pixie cups.  think the complaints on this here yelp site passed on the message ;)
1	I recently visited Koi Las Vegas for a Planet Hollywood tweet up for the Expendables movie. We were first greeted very nicely by the Planet Hollywood rep. After we sat down our waitress was very rude and impatient that we didn't know what we wanted to drink. We were told by the PH rep that if we got a drink we would get a ticket to the movie.   After we got our drinks our waitress took our money returned with the change, and no mention of the movie tickets. It wasn't until after we tipped her that her attitude changed and she offered the movie tickets. We then left and I left my cell phone there. I called Koi and they informed me that someone had turned it in, but that they didn't hold lost and found and that hotel security would have it. I went to Hotel security who didn't have it, i return to Koi and the manager of Koi tells me that it was up to the guest who tried to turn in my phone responsibility to turn it into security and not the restaurants.  After many years of going to Koi in Los Angeles, I will never return to any of their locations based on this experience.
4	food was phenom!  highly recommend the spicy ahi with crispy rice and the miso cod (? i think that was the type of fish)we had to wait a bit for a table even though we had a reservation and it didn't look that crowded but the wait was worth it.  our table looked right out over the strip and we got to see the bellagio watershow while we were eating!! :)  a bit pricey but good for special occasions!  :)
4	Decent Drinks lots of Hot Girls.
2	Came here on the reccommendation of a friend and thought I'd give it a try based on the reviews on here. Don't be fooled people! This place is nice and fancy and pricey and that's about it.The food is expensive with small portions. The sushi rolls were okay, had to order a lot just to feel semi full. The only thing that was good was the lobster roll and the sparkling sake that our waiter suggested we try.Sushi in Vegas in general is a big rip off in my opinon, at least on The Strip.
4	My friends and I went to Koi on a Friday night.  We had 10pm reservations for dinner but really didn't need it.  There was only three other parties there and a few on the bar side, in the whole restaurant.  I really liked Koi.  The food was good.  I like how it's decorated.  I had the kobe bites... It was good but missing something!  Literally...tiny steak bites and nothing on the side.  The waiter asked if we wanted mashed potatoes.  Weird...cuz I thought Koi was Japanese.  That's a first!  My friends had the salmon and sea bass (?) and the other had scallops.  Scallops were delish also!  I read it was supposed to be happy hour...umm..no!  So was not.  The servers were nice.  A couple of them were trying to help us get into other clubs around town.  When we first walked into Planet Hollywood casino, a guy in a suit gave us wristbands for "Ultra Lounge" which was the lounge/club of Koi.  Supposed to have been free cuz we had dinner but we left to go back to our room; it was still early and UL was empty!  One of the servers told us that it does get really crowded cuz the venue is small.   We came back to UL around 130am and it was really crowded!!!  We had to wait in line.  Then we had to pay $20 to get in.  I thought we were free...but of course they said if we had our receipt, we would be able to.  Anyway, paid $20 and got the notorious PINK cup for Ladies Night.  Ladies drink free; only house liquor though.  House Liquor = Not worth it!  The one plus of UL...the music!!  I don't know who was DJing but music was good ALL night, even at dinner.  Hip hop and R&B.  Only had one cup of house liquor and was done for the night.  The vodka burned!  I wanted to dump the liquor to get to the ice.  Overall, my stars are for the food and the music!  I'd go back.
4	Yummers!  I was in vegas for a bachelorette weekend and the maid of honor decided to have our final dinner here...so glad she did.  I ordered the sea bass and had an order of UNI!  The Uni was soooo fresh.  I love the stuff.  Could eat a pound of it if it wasn't so damn expensive.  The sea bass was cooked to perfection and I basically slurped the broth it was in.  We ordered a couple rounds of drinks...the bartender maid one of the best mojito's i've ever had.  Down right delish!The waitresses were super friendly and were very accommodating to our large party.  After dinner we headed to the lounge.  It's pretty small but the music was rockin...they played Ghost Town DJs...what?!...love them old school jams...definitely be poppin in here again...
4	Ignore the low reviews on the club, come here for the food! Yes it is pricey but not really when compared to the rest of the restaurants in VegasWe came on an early Sat night, no wait, extremely speedy service.  We had an amazing waiter who gave us great recommendations.  Our favorites were the Crispy rice with spicy tuna, the salmon carpaccio, and the seared albacore roll. The Baked crab and rainbow rolls were ok but nothing specialSave room for the Koi cheesecake....soooo good!
1	REVIEW IS ON THE CLUB---Went to see Holly's Peep Show. Very nice, especially act 2 and the view from behind of Holly's BEHIND!Koi Club-Got wristbands from "promoters" telling us that women are free with the wristband and I would pay but free drinks all night. We got there and it ended up being 20 bucks cover for anyone and only women's drinks were freeThe dance floor, seating area and bar area are about as big as my apartment. I actually might have a better VIP area. LOL -Way too many people for the amount of room. There were girls there with flipflops and t-shirts. Guys with running shoes and polo's. From the facade in front you can be led to believe this is an upscale place. It's more like a local bar with a decent DJ in a pretty box. Took the girls 15 mins to get drinks, then I had to go over to the other side of their small bar to clash with the restroom go-ers to get my 8-dollar beer. Go somewhere else. Maybe BANK or TRYST
2	All the buzz surrounding Koi is completely not justified. While this place wasn't awful the food was just average. I get what they're trying to do here - young, fun asian fusion atmosphere - but the food just doesn't cut it. Here's what we ordered:- Cucumber Sunomono: whatever- Salmon Carpaccio: While this dish wasn't awful you could def taste the fishiness of the salmon...somewhere where you're paying this type of money and with it's reputation should not have fishy salmon. I've also had this dish at another restaurant and it was waaaaaay better. - Tuna Tartare: this dish was pretty good- Vegetable Tempura: tasty- Sea Scallop Special: Although the scallops were the biggest things I've ever seen the flavor was blah. The black rice was SO salty I couldn't eat this dish and I lOVE love love scallops. - Dragon Roll: this was good and covered in tempura...drowning in it actually. - Lobster Tail: I wish they had more veggies on it- Miso Black Cod: pretty goodThe drinks were good but nothing special but especially pricey. The food came out way too fast and almost all at the same time. They had no interest in letting us enjoy our dinner or conversation. Also the waiter spilled a glass of water and watched it continuing to spill all over the table and was not even apologetic. Good thing the busboys were on top of their game and took care of the problem. Overall - total disappointment.
1	i don't know where to start. girls not in for free, even though the promoters said so. very small room and not the best environment. If by chance you actually get a drink that is if the bartenders ever get to you, that drinks probably gonna be watered down. Im not huge into clubs but ive definitely  had more fun than i did at this place.
1	I LOVE VEGAS!!!  I seriously love everything about Vegas, except for KOI.Went this past weekend the 9th of October for a friend's 30th birthday.  Mind you it's her 30th birthday so it had to be special.  We originally had plans to go somewhere else, but KOI's representative "SWAY" told us that there is a special.  $20 for women and all they can drink well drinks.  $10 for men.  For Vegas mind you that was a great deal, so decided to change the plans.  Informed them that MEN to FEMALE ratio and that it was going to be no problem. We get there and there is a lovely female trying to sell us bottle service.  We refuse and she tells us that if we don't buy a bottle service the male won't be allowed in.  We explained what we were told earlier and she told us, "That's a different department".  I then moved on to another female trying to sell bottle service that was part of koi also.  She informs me, "That doesn't make sense, they should allow you guys, we never do that. "I get to the front of the line and then the bouncer tells me a whole different side.  By now I have gone through 4 different stories.  I ask to speak to the manager and they don't allow you to speak to them.  Also they tell you that there are different departments for each section and they all are not in the same page. I am what the FUCK!!!!  How can it be so hard to get in with 4 to 5 different stories.  KOI killed the night and luckily we were able to get into CATHOUSE by my man CHRIS from http://www.freevegasclubpasses.com/.  He got me in with no problem.  NEVER AGAIN WILL I EVER BELIEVE ANYTHING KOI SAYS. Next time I am near KOI I will wear a shirt or a sign to boycotting it. Who's in it with me?!!!!!!!!
5	Excellent sushi! Hospitality and atmosphere are right on.
2	Really substandard service and sushi. The atmosphere is nice. When I arrived, it took a while for the waiter to even ask me what I'd like to drink. I ordered only one rainbow roll and edamame. The roll took forever for them to make and the entire place was barely 1/4 full of customers. When it arrived, it was really substandard sushi with dry, low quality tuna. I was really disappointed.
2	Overpriced, tiny portions. sigh. My friends said that they loved the HH specials... so maybe I'd suggest giving that a try. The service was pretty awesome, but sadly, the food couldn't deliver. Just expect to spend a lot of money for sub-par food.
4	I don't care what anybody says, but I had a blast here ;)You pay $20 to get in for unlimited drinks.  The bartenders make sure you get your 20 bucks worth too.  Drinks were tasty and strong...Big Bright Star for that one.Music was okay; about the same stuff they play on the radio.  Plenty of room to dance.  Came on a Sunday which is probably why there was a lot of room though.  What's to complain about?!
2	Very expensive and average. Every other restaurant in our casino was jammed so we went here. Food was ok. My shrimp dish was $25+ for only five shrimp! No pasta/rice or anything else with it. Ridiculous. To top it off, warm beer. Only upside was good service.
3	I've eaten here twice and nothing has knocked my socks off. I'd say that the entrees are much better than the sushi rolls and other appetizers. The rolls are very bland, the cream sauce they use on some of the rolls tastes like nacho cheese.
4	I've never been here during "club" hours, but I did come for a couple sake tastings and had a good time..  The appetizers were fantastic!  Pretty much everything on the appetizer menu is delicious, and I heard the entrees are good too, but it is a little pricey..  More of a splurge type restaurant..
3	Overall service and wait time was why I gave it 3 stars.  The view was nice able to see part of the bellagio water show.I brought my mom and although the sushi was a bit disappointing, the overall experience made up for it.  Although, if you bring seniors..make sure it's before 10pm.  Otherwise, they start playing really loud hip hop music and it's hard to hear across the table.1) Service: Impeccable, and had one guy take the order, one guy delivering the drinks, and another delivering the food.  It wasn't busy yet so perhaps they were working the tip angle.  2) Seating: If possible, try to use opentable (not only can you score points, but you can request the window area to sit with at least a view).  The inside area was more bamboo like but the tables seemed quite close to each other so I was glad to sit near the window.  The sofas were quite comfy but a bit too deep (had to stuff 2 pillows behind me so that I could sit up straight).  You can however practically take a nap on those sofas but definitely different feel.  The inside area reminds me of the KOI location in los angeles.3) Food:  Down to the nitty gritty the sushi wasn't all bad but the portion size of typical sushi restaurants were definitely small.  We ordered the seared kobi on top of the roll and what we got was uncooked beef.  We had to send back the order for the meat to be cooked all the way through.  I guess I'm not the pro sushi eater however I do like my meat cooked.  We ordered another different kobi dish but it was just strips of kobe beef with some sauce and mushrooms.  All I had to ask was WHERE WERE THE MUSHROOMS?  Perhaps they were shredded but the restaurant was too dark to really notice anyways.  There went another $22 bucks...haha.  The dessert was really good.  I ordered the creme brulee which had a vanilla like taste to it and it wasn't too sweet inside nor on top (burnt crust) which was nice.  We ordered the eel and avocado but there was another roll that was similar but more expensive.  So make sure you know the specifics of the names of the rolls so you don't end up ordering two of the same thing.I would go back for the ambiance if there weren't other sushi places to go to, but will venture out to others on my next trip to vegas.
1	OK, I came here for Nye 2010 it was $185 for unlimited bottle with 4 ppl min and $150 for unlimited drinks hear you can get unlimited drinks during regular business times not just Nye) First off we had 6 ppl total and we prepaid for the table because it was Nye. right when we go in they said there will be a table fee of $100(thanks for mentioning that) OK that's fine we're here already, table were actually nice we had a booth that could easily fit 10. We knew that they were only doing "well" bottles for the unlimited bottle service, we got a bottle of vodka and whiskey to start with they bring out the bottles and i have never heard of these brands in my life been around restaurants and bars all my life) both disgusting. They had premium liqueur at the main bar which had to be 40 min wait with no signs of slowing down even at 2 am but my head would of thanked me the next morning if i did wait. dance floor was tiny in actuality probably only fit 40 ppl tops! OK now for some positive things, hrmm great view of the strip and...wait that's it..
2	I've been here twice when i've gone to Vegas.  The first time it was OK and the 2nd time it wasn't that good.  The sushi was a bit disappointing for the amount of money I dropped, good thing I had my alcohol to wash it down.  The only thing that we ordered that was good was either 'cooked or fried.'  The Tempura was my favorite, the waitress was nice and the service was great.  I'm very skeptical about going back.  Third times a charm?
1	In town for CES; dining room too busy agreed to eat in the lounge, which was a crisp 60 degrees.  Only one server for entire lounge.  She did the best she could but was curt/unfriendly from being spread too thin.Nice ambience, expensive rolls, expected great sushi.  It was the worst.  Several of us had pices of shell or other strange, hard things in our rolls.  We would have complained to management but couldn't get anyone to notice or come over.  Finally paid and left.  I would stay away from this place.
3	(Edited: 10/27/2011 - The service level has decreased since our first visit.)Everything was over the top!Our server was Ott, he was very knowledgeable about the menu and his service was excellent.  We were properly greeted by the manager, Melody during our dining experience.We had eight different dishes, including dessert, and every one of them was perfect.I went to this restaurant for a special occasion, and I was not disappointed. I was leery because of the ratings on here, but they were wrong.Please do visit this restaurant and enjoy the fine dining servce and food.
4	Ahhhhhh Me Rikey!  I came here for a late dinner in the lounge with my boss.  The service was a little "meh" but I don't imagine those waitresses have to work hard for their tips, considering their boobs are practically resting on their trays.The food tho, I have to say, was terrific.  We ordered a series of items and ate family style.... The Eggplant, which im normally not a huge fan of, was really good.  And the dragon roll which was recommended was dragon-licious.  If I recall, its a fried roll, and well if something is fried, by default it's good.We had some sake and I had their sangria.  You feel far enough away from the casino, even though your in the mix of things,which is nice.  I will definitely hit this place again when I go back!
3	I ate at Koi in Las Vegas because I had been to the Koi in NYC a couple of years ago and was blown away by the food.  The food in Las Vegas was good, but to be frank, I wasn't blown away by the sushi.  I've had better sushi at much less cost in other places. My dinner consisted of the Kobe Beef Carpaccio, Seaweed Salad, and then a lot of Sushi and rolls.  All of the food was good, but nothing to really rave about.  The salmon sushi was delicious - which i would expect from this place.  However, the Tuna sushi was just OK.  I will say that the service was fantastic.  When one of my mates accidentally knocked over his drink, they came right away to help clean and replaced the full set of spicey tuna rolls that we had ordered with a brand new fresh set....even though there was only one piece left.  Major kudos for that.
4	This review is for the nightclub.My group went here after we left the super whack club Marquee.  I must say that although this place was very crowded, we had a great time.  The girls in our group had free drinks all night, and the music was really good.  My group of friends are from the bay, and this place slapped bay music hard the night we went.  If you are looking for a chill place to go, where the people are a little older (late 20s to early 30s) then go to Koi.
2	I went with my group of girlfriends and we didn't like the music that much. However, it looked like a lot of people had a great time...but it was just not for us...
2	Decided to give Koi a try because of the reputation of the LA and NYC locations. Cool lookin restaurant with a great view of the bellagio fountain if you get a good table.Service was good, ambiance nice, but the food was extremely average. For $25 rolls you would expect them to be made with a high quality product and an amazing presentation, Just wasn't the case. Ive had much better sushi at places that are half the price. I don't mind spending top doallar on a quality product, but this place is living off the name and riding the coat tails of its other locations.Again, the restaurant has a cool vibe and the food is Okay, but if your lookin for sushi in Vegas, there are much better spots
3	I don't know about the lounge part everyone else has reviewed, but I had dinner there and was like meh about it. The portions are extremely small for the prices. Even the sake was a bit overpriced, I felt. The waitstaff, as much as I appreciate attentiveness, was maybe a little too overeager to get us the hell out of there. My husband's plate was actually cleared before he was even done eating. We eventually had to tell them to leave the plates until we were finished. While the ambiance is very cool and romantic, I don't think I'd drop another buck in there in the future.
1	This review is for the nightclub.My friends and I picked up a bunch of tickets for NYE 2011. When we first got there, there was already a problem with getting inside. We were early. It seems that they were missing the arm bands. I think we waited about 30 minutes before they found the person that ran off with them.When we got inside we found that the main bar was packed. It took sometime to get drinks. But hey, drinks were free because of the package deal. After walking around we found out that there were multiple bars. No one really knew that there were bars in the other parts of the club. The bartenders were very cool. We chatted up a couple of them while grabbing drinks.The restrooms, well what can I say about them. Not enough stalls for this venue. The lines were so long that I ran down stairs to use the casino restrooms on the other side of the building. When I got there, there was another huge line. At that point I wasn't sure if I was better off staying in the club or not.Upon leaving the club after having a good time despite all of the pit falls, I encountered another problem with coat check. I don't know what happened but this is where the night went to hell. The staff was calling out random numbers looking for people to pick up their coats instead of properly taking each person as they come. There was a line. Not sure for what, but there was one.After watching the employees calling random numbers, letting people cut the line and saying it was okay. A bunch of us started voicing our opinions. They told us that to move outside and form another line.  Everyone packed outside the door waiting. Not even five minutes went by before another line formed inside and they just gave us the, I don't know, shrug for everyone outside. Seriously what is going on here.Well after a bunch of back and forth, hollering and asking to talk to somebody in charge, we finally got our coats. I wasted an hour and twenty minutes of my life. Seriously, I am never coming back to this place. It felt like this was the largest group they've ever had. They just couldn't handle it. There were so many people working the door but nothing got done right. Sorry guys, if you get it together I am sure this place will do well.
3	As with anything else in Vegas the decor was very nice and the service was top notch. which was great. theres nothing worst than paying shit loads of money and getting treated like dirt ya know. lol but the staff again was really nice. had a nice view of the strip and the bellagio fountaints. food was pricey as hell !!! 400 bucks for..well not much food at all. Lol Ive definately had better cheaper sushi in Vancouver...over all you could skip this restarant there really isnt much too see or taste.
3	A very fancy restaurant by day and an Asian inspired club by night, I opted for the dinner at night with co-workers. Connie C. states it well when she calls it "Zen-Chic" cause it feels Vegas when you walk in, which is very non LA/NY vibe. We sat in the back area which overlooked the strip, a decent view (it's no BOA steak house view like at Caesar's or Fountain Room of Mandalay Bay) but it was nice, you can see the Bellagio fountain and the Paris Hot Air Balloon. The food was a bit pricey for what it was, albeit good, I know that making it in LA could shave off $2 - $3. However there was an appetizer that was not on the menu that we ordered (a kobe beef topping on a fried wonton with chives and spicy mayo) and it was a tasty treat being the chef made without us knowing exactly what was in it and from a picture. I'd come here again with a group because it was fun, but I think I'd look off strip for a cheaper experience. But if you don't mind paying more based on atmosphere and location while still getting great sushi, then stop by Koi for your fresh fish fix. Enjoy.
4	My girlfriend and I came here for dinner on her birthday. This place is really nice inside, food was really good but very pricey. The appetizers were very delicious, sushi was OK considering price for them. I'm not sure if our server was busy or just not in the mood but he was really slow. I would recomment this place for special occassions or groups.
3	pretty good 3.5 stars!
4	I'm reviewing the nightclub.My husband and I went over President's Day weekend and got there at like 12 a.m. on Saturday. Short line and it was "ladies night" so I got in for $20 and all the drinks I wanted. My free drinks were pretty good. Husband had to pay for drinks, and they were pricey, but a lot cheaper than other clubs.It was pretty crowded thanks to the long weekend and the songs were pretty good. The floor was sticky - that was gross.I like the little balcony area where you can get some air and get a cool view of the casino floor. I'm positive there are better places on the Strip, but all-in-all, not a bad experience.
5	I love this place! This was the second time my girlfriends and I have been to Koi and we had a blast! The vibe is awesome and the food is delicious. We shared all of our entrees and I have to say there wasn't a dull dish in the bunch. The lamb chops, black cod, lobster and dragon rolls were my particular favorites! The cocktails are to die for and the service was excellent. They are 2/2 in providing a cute waiter to our table of ladies, which is much appreciated :) They worked well with a big group and I would highly recommend it for a bday celebration, bachelorette party, or whatever shenanigans bring you and your friends to Vegas!Oh, and I cannot forget to mention the Dessert Sampler tray...OMG! So good and fun to share...cheesecake, lava cake, ice cream...delicious!I highly recommend Koi and I can't wait to visit the location in LA!
2	IT's a nightclub.  Monday night one of my girlfriends turned 21, so we started the evening early at 10 PM by hitting up Koi inside ph.  We had been chatted up by two different Koi promoters who promised free drinks and no cover.  GF had a green wristband.  Made no difference.We broke one of our cardinal Vegas rules: hot chicks never pay cover. Yes, we caved and paid $10 each to get inside Koi.  They cut off her green wristband and charged us the same price each. Nice buddha theme with comfy couches once inside, but just an average dj and a tiny dance floor.The cool thing about Koi is that it has a balcony that looks down on the casino floor right at a major pedestrian intersection of escalators, pole dancers, and card tables.  The uncool thing about Koi is that the bartenders don't know how to make classic drinks. An Old Fashioned? Not a chance.  Free drinks for chicks? Not exactly. The booze is free but they wanted to charge us for the Red Bulls.We were bored within 5 minutes so we ditched ph for the view at Level 107 on top of the Stratosphere.I could go back to Koi, but really...it's not got much working for it.  People-watch the casino floor?  OK, but how long would that entertain me?
3	I'm reviewing the Resturant only.At the recommendation of other Yelp users we requested seating overlooking the Bellagio Fountains. We were seated overlooking the Fountains, but no one mentioned that Planet Hollywood was doing some construction just out the window so the view was not great. You could still see the Fountains but the rest of the view was a mess.We are from the midwest so had high expectations that the sushi rolls would be fabulous compared to what we can get at home. The rolls were ok, but my husband and I both agreed that they were no better than what we can get at home. I ordered the strawberry cobbler and that was fantastic. Overall the experience was ok, but not worth the buzz Koi seems to receive.
5	It was my 2 year wedding anniversary and I picked Koi and certainly it didn't disappoint at all. They were really on it with confirming the reservation a day before and left me feeling valued and looking forward to spending money there.We arrived early and they came to get us when the restaurant opened which was great service as well. It certainly seems more personal then a buzzer like I get back home. Ha-ha!Our waiter Eduardo (I believe was his name) was by far the best I have experienced in quite some time dining out and really created an enjoyable mood for myself and my wife. He took time to explain the menu, give recommendations, and even attempted to teach my wife how to learn to use chopsticks. Also he even took it upon himself to give us a free mochi desert at the end of the meal as a courtesy to picking up on it being our anniversary dinner.Between us we had the baked lobster, roll, dragon roll, shrimp tempura, and some tiger roll for Japan relief. The fact they had a themed menu to have proceeds to go to Japan relief was another sign that the care was there. We also indulged in $4 sake (TWICE) which was infused with fruit and that certainly was out of this world. It literally washed down easily because it tasted like a fruit cocktail. Was a refreshing toast to a very good cause for sure!The baked lobster was the best I have ever had and I tend to order that everywhere here in California. With most I get very little lobster and Koi had very generous portions (actually TASTED what I was paying for), what a concept! Whenever I'm in Vegas and want some great sushi and excellent customer service I certainly will not hesitate to hit up Koi time and time again!
1	Alright club. Horrible service and DJ. A bitch spilled a drink on my shoes. If u can't f'en dance an drink, then don't f'en do it. When I went to go complain, the guy who worked there said the hooker was with him. WTF!? The chick was obviously way to drunk to be there. She could barely stand and was sloppy drunk. Hey if that's the only way he can get a chick then more power to him. Ugly people need luvn' too I guess. I however, will never come back to this place again!! Fuck the people that work here! Only good part of the night was that I was able to drink for free all night! Drinks were on the club but were mediocre. I got shitty and danced for free which was literally the only plus to the night! I would rather be a dive than this place. Hands down was the worst experience that I have ever had going out.
5	We recently tried Koi restaurant for the first time and it will certainly not be the last! The view is gorgeous. Yes, there is construction right now but you can still see a lovely vista of the Bellagio fountains. The couches are extremely comfortable and, oh, the food! Peter is an excellent waiter and he took time to explain some of his favorites to us. We tried those plus a couple of dishes recommended here on Yelp. Each dish built upon the next to create a fantastic experience. We are foodies: we love to go out and try a ton of restaurants and Koi is among the best we've ever tried. Kudos to the chefs and the entire service team. If you're looking for a romantic night out with phenomenal food, this is the place to go!
4	Went here for dinner when I was in Vegas with the bf and absolutely enjoyed the meal. I can't remember everything we ordered, but what I ended up enjoying the most here were the kobe beef carpaccio, salmon sashimi, baked lobster roll, and the rainbow roll. I especially enjoyed my lychee martini while the bf didn't really like his mojito. The service here is also pretty good..we made reservations at 730 and we were served promptly when we arrived and we didn't have any problems at all with the service. Overall, we really enjoyed our meal here.
3	It was alright, good ambiance and decor.  Needs a bigger and better sushi menu, wait staff was nothing special.  The Creme brule was pretty awesome.
3	This review is for the restaurant and not the nightclub. The restaurant itself has a very modern romantic feel. The food was really good, we ordered the spicy tuna on crispy rice. That was really good! We had an assortment of sushi and all of it tasted wonderful. Our waiter was really attentive except he suggested another sushi roll instead of the one we were originally going to get so we said yes. And don't get me wrong it was good but when we got the bill that one that he had suggested was $25. So he basically, up-selled us! And I HATE waiters/waitress' that do that! So that is for the thee stars, it would have been four. I would go back but just ask the waiter how much it is before agreeing to it, you could be paying for a $50 sushi roll and you wouldn't know...so buyer beware....
5	My husband and I decided after catching a show inside the Planet Hollywood right next to Koi to go ahead and catch a late night dinner. There was no wait (despite it being a saturday night) and our server was truly excellent.We ordered tempura, an array of sushi, and drinks for each of us. He got the chocolate espresso martini, which he swears was exceptional (I wouldn't know, due to a hatred of all things chocolate) and I got the red dragon sangria, which was exceptional.The sushi was perfectly done, beautifully presented, and perfectly tasty. Despite the 120$ (pre-tip) price tag on the meal, we really felt we got our money's worth, and when we go back to Las Vegas next year, plan on heading back to Koi again.
2	We went because a guy in our group loved the fried shrimp.... yeah. The oysters didn't taste quite right (DANGER! DANGER!) and the hamachi dish I ordered wasn't fresh. Would not return.
3	Came for dinner before Peepshow on the Saturday night before Memorial Day.  I expected it to be crazy, but we made a reservation and got in no problem.- CA roll with baked scallops: WHAT? YUM! Get it!- Rainbow Roll: nothing FANTASTIC, but still good.- Sticky rice with tuna tartar: AWESOME!- Silly as it is: the cucumber salad was really good too!It was good, pricey for sushi, but not bad and a decent pre-show dinner conveniently right next to the theatre.
3	Took my cousin here for her b-day with my wife and before Peepshow showing.  The restaurant has a pretty modern feel and a slight open floor plan.  I don't remember exactly what we ordered, but it was just a couple rolls.  I believe one of them was like a BSCR and spicy tuna.  There may have been a couple sashimi plates.Anyhow, the food was ok.  As some yelpers have mentioned, you can get better in Vegas off the strip and a better price.  Being that it's in a hotel, on the strip, you sort of do let that slide a little.  We went here just out of convenience since we were there to watch Peepshow.
3	I went here twice last week.... not by choice, but more by accident. In general, I like this place. It's got a cool ambiance, and you feel sexy there. I would actually like to give this place 3.5 stars. Dishes I recommend:Soft shell crab rollSpicy crunch yellowtail tartarSalmon carpaccio Miso soupWe also had an order of the oysters, which were not the best oysters I've had.... slightly disappointed. But then again, I'm used to oysters from San Francisco, so maybe I'm an oyster snob?The second time I went, it was slightly more busy and it took FOREVER for our food to come out. Our server was clearly busy and the service was simply not as good as it should have been! Overall, it's a pretty sweet spot, but it's pricey and if you go when it's busy, your service will likely be poor!
4	Enjoyed a wonderful evening here on a Sunday evening. We were unable to get reservations on the previous Saturday night. Our server was awesome and very knowledagble about the menu. We shared everything, including our creative and delicious cocktails. We had some sort of siracha margarita and a lychee mojito. Delicious! We shared halibut sashimi (it was ok), and 2 delicious other appetizers of yellowtail roll and edamame dumplings (my favorite thing of the evening). We also shared 2 entrees of black cod and the red snapper. I couldn't decide which one I liked more because they were both amazing. The only 2 reasons this resaurant did not get the full 5 stars is because of an edamame incident, and their desserts were so blase that we passed on dessert. Dessert choices were things like strawberry shortcake and banana split sundaes. Not worthy of such a great restaurant.The edamame thing was our server asked if we wanted to start with edamame, we said no, they showed up on the table anyway, we sent them back, and then they ended up on our bill. Our server immediately took them off and was very apologetic about the whole thing. Other that those 2 minor things, I would absolutely go back to Koi in a heartbeat!
3	I've been to koi many times in NY so was anxious to try this one. Had reservation. Restaurant was pretty empty when we arrived and we were seated promptly. Server was nice but all recommendations were the highest priced items on the menu. Inguess he thought we were "tourists.". The crispy rice with tuna is written @ in every online review as the greatest and he didn't recommend it. So fair rating on service. Food on other hand was delicious as in NY. The warm spinach and mushroom salad was good. Should have been a little warmer but good flavor. Crispy rice with tuna was spectacular and I always order this. Rock shrimp tempura was right amount of spicy and delicious served with endive. Next some rolls - yellowtail and an eel. Both were good, fresh but nothing outstanding. Finished with mochi dessert. Good light dessert. 3 mochi filled with ice cream - choco, green tea and mango.
5	Decided to rock this place after watching "The Best of Las Vegas" on the Extra show. Koi was featured and Avril Lavigne emphatically stated that "Koi's kobe beef  is the best in the world!!" With a big birthday coming up, I knew I wanted to go somewhere awesome. Decided Koi was the perfect birthday spot. After doing some checking on Koi and heeding Avril's recommendation (I guess you can call it a recomendation? lol), I ordered the Kobe beef and an order of edamame and a spicy tuna roll. The kobe beef is pretty outstanding. You really have to take your time eating it and savor every bite. The kobe beef is a little on the pricey side -- $55 for cutlets -- but it will rock your socks off. Server was absolutely fantastic and, upon finding out it was my birthday, added some complimentary sake and mochi dessert :-) I really didn't go headlong into the sushi this visit, but have heard the sushi is amazing, so I will concentrate on the sushi next time. Oh yeah, the ambiance is cool --  modern Japanese decor, cool lighting, spacious, open, comfortable seating, sleek bar area and candles throughout.
3	Pricey but really what do you expect. Lamb chops were amazing but hand cut rolls are just ok.. Do NOT order sweet shrimp sashimi. Funny taste! Great asparagus.
4	When in Vegas went here the deal was for 20 bucks you get a pink cup and house alcohols like vodka,whiskey, etc. Very good service and very nice little place.
5	Came here with a group of 6 for dinner last night and loved the food. I've gone to the LA location several times and was a little worried when I saw the bad reviews for this location but it was the birthday girl's request to come here. Well, all I can say is we all loved the food. Everything ordered was made to perfection. I loved the lobster rolls and the steamed seabass was to die for. Oh and the service was also great, I'll definitely be back.
3	Went here for a bachelor party dinner and we ordered two of every roll and then some. The rolls were pretty decent but I am a sashimi guy. I really like sushi for the fish and not all the rice. Some of the rolls were good, but with so many things going into them they just taste like a mish mash of stuff. Just my personal opinion. I didnt get to try a lot of the other dishes, so this is based solely off the sushi rolls, but to counter that, the rest of the menu was just not eye catching. Being said, I probably won't go back here. They wouldnt let us take our scotch glasses even out of the restaraunt and I am talking about 18 year old Macallan  that they charged us a crapload for. The food was just ok. My recommendation go to Sushi Samba or at one of the other joints (the one at the Cosmo right across the street or even go to Earl of Sandwich)
5	Dear Koi,Thank you for understanding that I have shellfish allergies and I needed you to use a different knife when cutting my sushi. Thank you for your prompt service and coming to check on my Jager Bombs and Coronas every time I took the last sip. Thank you for understanding what really, really, really tasty food is. Thank you for your $20 unlimited alcoholic beverages in your night club, and allowing me a VIP pass after I ate at your restaurant to enjoy your club until wee hours into the morning. Thank you for playing fantastic music while in the club. Thank you for not being outrageously expensive, and reasonable. And lastly, Rock on. I will be visiting you every time I go to Vegas now.Your biggest fan from California,Ashley.
2	While the service was friendly and impeccable, I felt like I paid out the nose for sushi I could get anywhere.They have a small and uninspired choice of signature rolls as well as traditional hand and cut rolls. The fish was definitely fresh but there was a lack of flavor that made me reach for soy sauce, which I almost never do.I also had the salmon carpaccio which was good for the first couple of bites but difficult to finish. The sauce was really overpowering and I felt they could have put just about anything in that sauce and it would taste exactly the same. I also felt similarly about my friend's scallop entree, one was enough and I couldn't fathom finishing off an entire portion of a dish that was decent but not delcious.I don't think I would return, but I will give props to the staff who took the time to explain the menu and make reccomendations. I know it's not easy serving a party of 15 girls in town for a bachelorette party but they were fantastic.
5	Ok, I know there are tons of food choices in Vegas, but Koi is one of our favorite places to go!  We come down to Vegas a couple weeks a year and this is always on the list for dinner.  We went the other night for our anniversary.  We were promptly seated with a view of the bellagio fountains and given two glasses of champagne to start the celebration (thank-you!). Everyone was friendly and gave great, attentive service.  As for the food, it is amazing.  Koi, how do I love thee, let me count the ways (We skipped the traditional sushi and ordered tons of specialties):Crispy rice spicy tuna: freaking yum! Tempura hand rolls and crab hand rolls  love these..I am not a fan of seaweed and I love that the hand rolls are not wrapped in it.  Tempura was crispy without being greasy.Kobe carpaccio: wow. So tender! Sauce was not overpowering and the candied mushrooms were sweet, crispy and awesome.  I hate mushrooms but I could eat these every day.Albacore onion:  another winner! Great sauce and nice crispy onion stringy things to complement the fish.Kobe potstickers: ok, added these to the rotation this last trip and they were not my fav.  Just okay.  With so many other choices these will probably not be ordered again.We love this food because it also is not very heavy.  We get to try tons of stuff and don't leave feeling like it.  In fact, we are going back tonight. We are going to try the sushi bar and see how it goes!
2	I wouldn't come back.The restaurant is very dark, too dark.  It makes it hard to appreciate the decor; you can't really see it.The food is extremely overpriced and the rolls very small and not that good.  They could have been more flavorful.  Some of them tasted all the same.The only good thing about this place was that there was no wait  on a Saturday night and our large party was seated almost immediately without a reservation.
1	Horrible food service. Took almost half an hour to get a rare steak, and the bartender couldn't fix a drink right.
1	The service was quite bad here. Our waiter did his best to facilitate what had to be the WORST kitchen turn around I have ever seen. The order took 30 minutes to serve, very sad when consider that I ordered rare steak on an empty night.
1	TRAINWRECK!!! Proof positive that it ISN"T just Location! Location! Location! While Koi has an excellent home at the heart of the strip... The ambiance is dark, the management are non-existent, and the food is sub par and completely overpriced. The only saving grace was that the drinks were strong and the staff were all to eager to give away cocktails for free as compensation for their ineptitude and/ or indifference. For such an empty restaurant, one might expect reasonable service and fresh food. However, our oysters smelled rancid and steaks were unrested with blood mixing into the sauce all over our plates. Eeeeewwwwww!   Our server was inattentive and our attempts to have our issues addressed by the arrogant asian manager walking around casually were abandoned when someone from our party finally caught a glimpse of him, sitting by himself at a table in the dining room and staring at his iphone for no less than 15 minutes. Pathetic! While we stared at inedible food he never made it over to ours or anyone else's table to check on their experience... At least we all got a good laugh, after our free drinks, at how little anyone really seemed to care that we were there to exchange our hard earned money for a meal... what a unique concept-  Ultimately we wrote the experience off as a total loss and won't be back to Koi any time soon. Hopefully they get their S#@! together and remember they are in the service industry. Times are tough and you aren't exactly exceeding anyones expectations. I've never been in a more underperforming and empty restaurant on the strip. A new low...
4	Koi was very good!! Me  and one of my girls went to Koi for dinner on our first evening in Vegas. We weren't hella hungry so we just ordered something to share btwn us. To make the review easier to read, Ill just list what we had:Spicy Tuna Roll: Good...same as any other spicy tuna roll I've had.Dragon Roll: Consisted of bbq eel, shrimp tempura, crab and seaweed (obviously). That was the BEST dragon roll I ever had! They sprinkled the roll with tempura shavings I think. The roll literally melted in my mouth. Very good.Miso Soup: Good...same as any other miso soupSake: we got the blueberry infused one. BOMB! Definitely recommend that,it was like soda...and had me buzzin even more than I was before we got there hahaha.Will definitely come back!
2	Came here late at night when it is a night club. Was not the best experience I had. They only had two bartenders working on a Saturday night so getting a drink was a hassle. And they seemed to only take orders on one side of the bar completely ignoring people on the other side. Eventually got my drink and headed to the dance floor. The dance floor is very small. You could barely move. Music selection was not the greatest either. DJ even played songs more than once in a short time span. It is Vegas so you can obviously find better clubs than this place.
3	Came here for HH during a working wknd in Vegas... this is located inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino.Can't really comment on the dining experience but I will say they had a great lounge area and stiff drinks. Good tuna tartare and excellent rock shrimp tempura. Service was spot on (at least in the bar/lounge area).
5	Anyone that puts anything less than 5 stars is a bad review. I was not only impressed with everything we ate but also the great service and the knowledge our waitress had regarding all items on the menu. Great atmosphere and amazing sushi! I highly recommend to try this place, you will not be disappointed!
5	Found inside and upstairs in the Plant Hollywood Casino, this place is quite honestly the best sushi I've had!  While their prices are up there (I mean come on, it's Vegas) it is seriously a really great place to go if you want some tasty and well done sushi.  I've been two times now, the first being about 3 years ago.  At the time, I was fairly new to sushi.  But I remember ordering their spicy tuna rolls and feeling like they were incredibly flavorful and well made.  I had since then been telling people it was my favorite ST roll by far.  Let me just say that when I usually feel like this about a restaurant and build it up in my head and then revisit after a couple years...that it usually isn't what I remember it to be.  But and this is a big BUT, the spicy tuna roll the 2nd time around was even better!  I could have scarfed them down in a short minute if I hadn't been trying to sample some of the other rolls we had ordered.  We also ordered the Crispy Rice (as per recommended here) which I thought was pretty fair and the Dragon Roll which is incredibly tasty!I also absolutely love the atmosphere at Koi.  It is sexy and chic for sure!  Our waiter knew everything about the rolls and different dishes and was on point the entire night.
5	Loved the "lounge". Eclectic group. Everyone is super friendly, all just out for a good time. Bartenders are great. Fast and efficient. Love that ladies get free drinks. I stuck with a double Malibu and coke (PEPSI) all night.
5	Just like LA and NYC - amazing. Great crunch rice tuna roll, and sparkling sake... a must eat....
1	We went as this turns into a nightclub in the later hours. Our bartender was absolutely HORRIBLE. Rude, condescending, and cocky. He treated us like garbage because we didn't want two of his $36 shots. We eventually spoke to management because he refused us service even though we had already paid $20 for the nightly vodka drink special. The manager was great and made us feel much better but honestly I would NEVER go again. There are too many places in Vegas where you can get great service sans horrendous bartenders. On a positive note the venue (although practically empty) was really swanky inside and I loved that you could go out to a veranda area and get some fresh air.
2	Freakin expensive.. small portions. I'm definitely not coming back.
5	Yumm  AHHHHMAZING.. drinks were good and the food was to die for! I highly recommend if your in Vegas.
2	Good during happy hour since it's half priced, but only from a limited menu. It's not bad, but even during happy hour, you'll end up paying close to what you would for the buffet at the PH restaurant which I've heard is excellent. Not a good value, and no hot girls seem to frequent this spot.
3	Happy hour from 5-7pm.Half off everything on this list which include special drinks and appetizers.Portions are small, so we spent alot of money and still get totally full.Inside Planet Hollywood and next to the Peepshow area.
1	Bad Food. Bad Bad Food.
4	The atmosphere is interesting / cool. The prices: Expensive-ish but, what isn't in vegas? The food:  inventive, light and very enjoyable. Service: spot.on.It seems to me that the dining quandary in las vegas is not about money spent - as everything is expensive but, about getting something good / interesting for the money. This place delivers.The miso black cod was definitely my favorite item. Try it.
3	Friday Night - $20 cover for girls well drinks OPEN BAR!!! The drinks aren't even watered down at all, cran/vodka and whiskey/coke ALL DAY!We had about 10 of us - 4 women & 6 guys.  The guys had to pay $20 cover but we were just the host and they were just the parasites sucking the free open bar that us ladies had.  Worked out perfectly.The music was awesome. Semi-quoted from the show "New Girl"  we were dancing our butts off like we were going to move "from the town of footloose" the next day.The crowd looked boring.  Everyone seemed to uptight to be there but we didn't care.   There weren't that many beautiful people here but if you're staying at PH, this is a good place to go just cause you don't worry about figuring out who's sober enough to drive home or wait in the dreaded taxi cab line that feels like a line at the matterhorn at Disneyland.
5	OMG everything was unbelievable! From our drinks to the food! A class act restaurant. Our Kobe beef appetizer was insane! Cannot wait to return.
5	Service was exceptional and the food was fantastic.  Rock shrimp appetizer and ice cream sundae are a must!
3	On my latest stint to Vegas I decided to go back to Koi as my Mom was visiting and I feel disappointed with all the hype I gave it as this go 'round Koi unfortunately let me down.I still have to say the staff once again was both accommodating and not the general fake friendly you get in most places. We did manage to get the same waiter as before and that ultimately at least saved the meal (for me anyways). He laughed when my wife yelled "HEY WE HAD HIM LAST TIME". Only in Vegas?!? Ha-ha. The food itself looked to have gone through a complete overhaul since we had been there before. The portions were smaller and the presentation lacked from before, but the price certainly didn't change which for what we got vs. what was paid for well I'll leave that up to your imagination of where I planned to go with that.Once again we definitely indulged in the menu and held nothing back that night. e collectively shared the Baked Scallop Roll, the Baked Lobster Roll, the Kobe Surf and Turf Roll, the Spicy Tuna Roll, and another one with Shrimp that I did not catch the name of (it was a "secret" one not offered on the menu that was suggested).The Baked Scallop Roll and Lobster Roll were missing the sushi sauce and flakes that it had been presented with during my first visit which I was really bummed about. However I will not discount the taste because it still ranks up as one of the best I've had to date. The Surf and Turf roll I really recommend because this hands down was the best of the night. I think the man in me says it was the Kobe Beef that partnered with the sushi part of it just sky rockets into taste oblivion. All in all, I wonder what brought on the change to the presentation of the food, but it still by far is one of the better sushi locations I've inhabited. I can't say I'll never be back because I'm sure I will, but I'm not exactly having an itch to return after seeing the overhaul to my loved establishment. BRING BACK THE SAUCE AND THE BIGGER PORTIONS KOI, PLEASE!
3	Went to Koi on Monday after a debate between Koi and Nobu and since we've never been to Koi before, it won.  Food was fine, the usual american Japanese fusion fare.  Unfortunately nothing particularly stuck out for me.  It wasn't cheap but it wasn't quite as expensive as Nobu.  Yeah I think I'm writing this review because I'm quite bitter that we didn't end up going to Nobu. The bouncer tried to get us to stay after for the lounge/club but the crowd didn't look that fun and they tried to charge us $20 for open bar.  I assume it's a good deal but we weren't used to paying for cover for anything in Vegas and headed over to Marquee instead.Probably won't be back...
1	Came here for dinner on our first night in Vegas as we were staying in the PH and we definitely learned our lesson. The portions were tinyyyy and items were overpriced (even for Vegas). Will not be back.
5	I went with my date here, I (local lady) would never come if not on a date, it is WAY too expensive. BUT: the food is to die for. Very fresh, the service is just perfect, the staff is so attentive and makes sure you have the best experience without making you feel uncomfy. We ordered a lot of sushi and sushimi, and it was just great. They brought out the plates one by one explaining it all adn making sure we liked it. Just great.I had a delicous spicy margarita, and hell did it kick. I think 5 shots in a 5 oz glass lolPrice was OMG but my date was so awesome awi :) best time I had in a restaurant since .... ever? Thanks J!
4	SO Delicious.We've spent two fabulous date nights here and try to get back every time we're in town.  Both times it's been DEAD which is a bit sad for the restaurant, but fantasic for us.  We've gotten the entire floor to ourselves, as well as the waitstaff.  Did I mention both were Friday nights? :-(Everything I've tried on the menu was worth ordering.  I'd say if something catches your fancy, go for it.  Our first time there we were incredibly adventurous (and amorous) and decided to have the sushi chef create a roll of any kind for us.  I still don't know what it was, but it may have been the best specialty roll I've ever had.  So, if you remember - order a roll that is chef's selection. Yum!  The drinks are strong too. And when you come here you get free admission to the club attached.  Sweet deal.
4	This place is located inside Planet Hollywood just above the casino floor. I recently stayed at the hotel for SHOT show and we all made the decision to come to Koi before hitting the casino. The price is exactly what you think it would be just from the nicely decorated interior (EXPENSIVE). The menu is heavy with fish and steak, so if you're not a meat eater I would steer clear. The Sushi was awesome as well as everything else on their menu with regards to the fish, definitely top notch. The place seemed a little empty both nights we went which was kinda surprising given the upscale establishment. My wife ordered the skirt steak which she just fell in love with. I was so surprised that such a tough cut of meat was so tender and juicy. My only regret was the fact that I didn't order more sushi.
4	The atmosphere and staff were just okay.  My drink was pretty weak but my girlfriend loved hers.  However, the food was much better than than either of us expected;  better than the Michelin rated place we went to the next night.
4	Not sure why Koi doesn't fare better on Yelp. We had Valentines dinner there and everything was great. Had something called boxed sushi (sorry, memory fails the exact name) and Kobe Steak with half Lobster. Wish the Lobster had been a little bigger, but all tasted great. we loved the sushi dish. Our sever was Fernando and he seemed to get that it was a special night for us and was extra attentive. Thanks. I would go back for sure.
3	Koi is overrated. As far as Japanese goes, it's average. As far as price goes, it's ridiculous (but it's Vegas). Dined here with a large group, and the service was perfect, but I just can't justify giving it more than 3 stars when I left feeling unsatisfied.Here's the thing, if they spent as much time and effort on improving the quality and taste of their food as they did on hype and atmosphere, then they would be in 5 star territory. Bottom line: It's not worth it, there are so many places to choose from in Vegas with comparable prices and ambiance, why waste your time here?
3	Cute place and venue. I went here for happy hour and ordered a few things. Happy hour is from 5-7pm with 1/2 off of specialty cocktails and a few menu items. I had the Red Dragon Sangria and the Blood Orange Cosmo. Thumbs up for the Blood Orange Cosmo! It has a nice sweet orange flavor to it. Do expect it to be strong. The sangria was a-ok, but it does have a small kick to it as well.Tiger prawns-Delish! Nice sweet glaze on the shrimp with a good size to the shrimp. The glaze is just so addicting and goes well with the crispy breading.Spicy Crunchy Yellowtail Tartare- Tender fish full of flavor. It's typically what you would expect in a Yellowtail Tartare at other places.Koi Crispy Rice- famous dish. If you decide to come definitely try this. I chose to top it with the spicy tuna which went really well with the dish. The fish is also tender which goes nicely with the crispy rice. HOWEVER, it comes in a small portion with only a few pieces so expect your satisfaction on this menu item to be cut short.Expect it to be a bit pricey when it comes to the food, and the only money worth spending here is on the drink specials during happy hour.
4	Absolutely delicious!!!!! Our waitress was so sweet and attentive and she had a lot of knowledge about the beer selection. The lighting was spot on and the food was very fresh!
4	KOI is an excellent restaurant.  I went there for a corporate event, so I was able to sample a HUGE variety off of their menu.  A lot of celebs tag this one as their fave spot to eat sashimi/sushi at in LV.  The KOI nightclub in the Planet Hollywood has better drinks........although they are what you would call "atomic" on "punch" scale
5	I have always loved Koi and what's super cool is that they have a club like lounge in the front area, separate from the dining room. Been there three times and every experience was amazing from the staff, food and decor. Bathroom attendant was always sweet too.
5	Great food and service.  So many good dishes here you have to try them all!
5	NOM NOM NOM .....  oh so good.. best sushi ive had in vegas.. and me and my friends tried alot of them out here..   im coming back here for sure next time im in vegas and want some sushi..
5	This past weekend was my 2nd time at Koi and I have to say, it was even better than the last time.  We came for dinner to begin my best friend's bachelorette evening and it didn't disappoint.  The cocktails were amazing.  I got the Lychee Martini and the Red Dragon Sangria.For dinner, the chef was nice enough to bring us over 2 extra sushi rolls to try.  Our server was very nice and friendly and always checking up on us.  The crispy rice as an appetizer was delicious.  I had the seared ahi tuna for my meal, which was also delicious.I had made our reservation over a month in advance by just emailing the restaurant.  Across the board, Koi was wonderful and met all our expectations.  Next time I am back in Vegas, I will probably be back again.  Also a great place to have dinner before the Peep Show, which saved all of us girls a lot of extra walking.
4	We went on a Sunday evening, it was quiet and service was good.  We really enjoyed the spicy hamachi tartare, it was delicious!  The seared tuna was also good.  What I did not like was the shrimp on cali roll.  I really don't like a lot, or any mayo at all in my california roll, so that i give a 2.5.
4	We went on a Sunday evening, it was quiet and service was good.  We really enjoyed the yellowtail hamachi.. and the seared tuna.  I ordered the cali roll with shrimp on top, and that I give a 2.5.  I don't like mayo in my cali rolls, and the sauce is a little too sweet.Overall pretty good,.
2	Staff was training and a disaster zone.  Food was decent.  Price was actually not too bad given that it is in the middle of a hotel.  To be honest I'd probably go back if I stayed at Planet Hollywood again only due to a lack of other good options in the hotel, but otherwise its one to skip.
5	Restaurant was dark, warm and relaxing. Very zenful. We tried the rainbow rolls, dragon rolls, crab roll and a roll with fried snapper. We were a group of six sushi lovers and enjoyed them all. We ordered extra rainbow rolls as they were the best and freshest we have ever had!  Definitely recommend this place and prices were very reasonable. You can also get free entrance to their lounge which opens at 11pm. Lounge was just ok--wish they would have played something other than hip hop.
2	I've been here three times on three separate occasions.The first time I was with my parents and two friends for my 21st birthday. The second time I brought a huge bachelorette party of 10+ girls. The last time I was and will ever go there was just with my boyfriend for a romantic dinner.Each time I've been, the service has been unfriendly, impersonal and slow. Having worked at an upscale restaurant before, I'm really surprised they operate this way on a regular basis. I feel their lack of service is pretty offensive to their high-paying customers. Doesn't matter if you're here on a weekend (the first two times I came here), in the middle of the week (the last time I was here), with a big group or just one other person. The service was consistently bad under every imaginable circumstance.The sushi isn't great. During my last dining experience, the rice was actually undercooked in a rainbow roll I ordered-- for three times the price I'd normally pay, a crunchy rainbow roll was not what I was expecting. I also ordered albacore nigiri. It was so small and plain-- not even any garnish. Very sad looking. For the money, I was extremely disappointed. The only dish I did and have consistently enjoyed each time was their crunchy spicy tuna appetizer.The desert-- the lava cake-- was underwhelming in flavor. The waiter didn't ask us how our food was or anything about our experience. Maybe they figure you're a tourist and won't be back? Not an attitude I'd think a place like this would adopt. The atmosphere is nice... but thus is the case with a lot of restaurants in Vegas, on the strip. As I recall from the first two times I was there, the drinks are nice-- but again, who has trouble finding a nice drink in Vegas? I wanted some great sushi and a nice dinner with good service in an upscale restaurant! I just couldn't find that here.I always tip well, but I won't return. After our meal, my boyfriend turned to me and said "Let's not come back here again"I definitely agreed. Enough is enough-- three strikes and you're out!
2	The food is amazing but the service is SO slow, and not good.There's no reason you should have to wait more than 10 minutes after being seated for a server to come take your drink order.And when you order a soda, the server should bring it.  You shouldn't have to ask again after the server forgets it the first time.
4	My best friend and I went to Koi on our first night in Las Vegas (about 2 years ago). After the complimentary bottle of champagne gifted to us by Planet Hollywood and a gaze at the amazing view of The Strip from our hotel room we decided it was time to get dressed up and go out. We only had to venture down the lift.I had heard of Koi only as a restaurant frequented by celebrities, and consequently had certain expectations. Koi definitely met them. From the minute we stepped inside we were given some of the best customer service I have ever experienced. The wait staff were welcoming, attentive, knowledgeable and efficient. It definitely felt classy and you were made to feel special.Koi is a great place for an intimate gathering. The seating is comfortable and spaced out enough for a private conversation. You also don't have to worry about interruptions from nearby patrons because you can't hear them. The ambiance is great, and the lighting just dim enough.We tried almost everything we could on the menu. The cocktails, hand rolls, edamame and creme brulee were my favourites. We did rack up a large bill for a sushi restaurant, at least $160. However it was the perfect place for the first night in Vegas and I remember the experience fondly.Unfortunately there were no celebrity sightings because they make good use of curtained areas and the back door exit. That's okay though, I'm happy for Nicole Richie and others to graze in peace.
4	Rock shrimp tempura. Yummmmmm! The ambiance and overall dining experience was gooood. A nice intimate setting and a killer happy hour menu.I had good service and the server was very attentive. Overall, the service and food were great!Two thumbs up from me.
4	I felt like a celebrity when i ate at KOI. My family and I went there before we saw The V Show, and it really started the night off right. I got a california roll, which is my all time favorite, and it was delicious. My family enjoyed a variety of sushi and edamame- we were all extremely satisfied. The atmosphere really makes you feel like you're living the "red carpet" life and I would definitely go back!
2	Decor is nice, service well intentioned - actually Fernando was really sweet, but the restaurant was almost empty and the manager came over to hush our bachelorette dinner... the edamame was overcooked, but they replaced well. Our lemons drops came with SALTED rims, but they replaced them. Food was good but not memorable. Won't be back.
5	Food- flavorful, unique menu, nice presentationService - attentiveAmbiance- a bit trendy-cheesey, but nice, the view over the strip kinda just looks over planet hollywood's ceilingI'd definitely come back for the food, if there weren't so many other quality options in LV
4	What better way to celebrate a crazy shopping spree in Vegas with your girlfriend of over 20 years?  Why, with a delicious meal, of course!Koi is a beautiful space in a beautiful casino.  I love the atmosphere and the way they decorated the interior.  It was lush, luxurious, understated and made me feel like a million bucks.  As big as it is, you still feel really cozy tucked away in your booth.  They did a great job in designing the seating.The Ginger Kiss cocktail was pretty good.  I wish it had more of ginger taste and less ginger ale but still tasty.  I liked that it wasn't overly sweet.  The grade of fish was pretty good too.  My uni literally melted in my mouth.  I ended up eating 4 pieces because I'm a piggy.  The saba was also delicious!  I had 4 pieces of those too.The roast duck and shishito peppers weren't bad but weren't my favorite.  The duck was cooked perfectly but the flavors just didn't....meld well for me.  The ahi and foie gras was, hands down, my favorite.  It was citrusy from the ponzu but earthy from the foie.  It melted in my mouth and I savored every last bite.  Talk about sex for my tastebuds.The Koi crispy rice with spicy tuna was pretty good too.  It's basically spicy tuna served nigiri style but the rice is toasted.  If you've never had it here (or anywhere else, for that matter), give it a try.  I've had something just like this at another sushi spot in Los Angeles and this held it's own against it.  We ended the night with CHOCOLATE Creme brulee.  It.  Was.  Awesome.  I don't know which chef got drunk and decided to mix in some chocolate to the standard creme brulee but I'm really glad they did.  I'm not a big dessert person but I found myself wishing I got one of these for myself so that I wouldn't have to share with my friend.By the time our 2 hour dinner was over, we were both looking for wheelbarrows to cart us out of there.
1	Overpriced, totally not worth it! Save your money and go somewhere off the Strip where the food is better and the prices are cheaper.
5	I'm a little perplexed as to why Koi only has 3 stars?!? This is seriously hands down the best Japanese/ Seafood ever. They have an expansive menu with a wide variety of of fishes and rolls! When I went for dinner our party just ordered a variety of plates and shared so we could try a little bit of everything. The food was amazing. It was also my very first time trying oysters! And let me tell you they are NOT THAT BAD! I'm not much of an oyster expert, but some people in my party were and they said that Koi's oysters were exceptional and fresh! The presentation of the restaurant is very zen inspired. My favorite decorative touch from the restaurant was the HUGE boulder they had in the main dinning area, and the cute buddhas they had as you entered the restaurant! If you want GREAT Japanese/Seafood when your in Vegas, go to Koi! AND get a bottle of their HOT SAKI!
5	The fish at this place is the best fish in the entire world.  When you go to Vegas, only eat here.  Seriously do not go to any other restaurants.  They start service at 5pm, so eat an early dinner and a late dinner, and nothing else.
5	Koi was great. I went with several others and we decided to sit at the bar area since Happy Hour went till 8. Our server was Sara. Very nice and very helpful. Koi has a great happy hour menu from 5-8. Great drinks and food at half price.I highly recommend the salad bar drink. I enjoyed it so much I went back for dinner again the next site for another happy hour.
4	I went for a bach party with about 14 others and the service was excellent.  I had the Chilean sea bass which was so Delicious.  The broth was subtle and so addicting.  Also had some jalapeno popper type things also really good.  We had a great experience.  So much that we are going back for another Bach party.  Yes it is over priced like all Vegas upscale restaurants.
3	Staying at Planet Hollywood and walked into this place on Friday night at about 8:00 p.m.  The place was less than half full.  But, the food was great.  Had 3 rolls, the dragon was the star.  Would definitely get that again.  Had the miso cod and short rib.  The short rib was fantastic, fall-off-the bone tender.  The cod could have used more flavor for my liking, but it was perfectly cooked.  Would recommend it, but it did not blow me away.
5	One word. DELICIOUS. I came here with a few friends during my birthday Vegas visit. One of my friends had been here last year and a bit of a mishap happened, so they comp'd our whole meal this time. I had the Toban Yaki - Kobe Filet Minon... it does NOT get better than this. The filet MELTED in my mouth. The baked lobster rolls were delicious - and got my sister now to enjoy sushi as she never has before. The asparagus and mushrooms were amazing. The service was fantastic. I will definitely be returning to Koi next Vegas trip.
5	This is the best sushi restaurant ever. The food and the service was spot on!  I love the food. Our food was going to be late, so they sent out a salad for us; on the house. Jason was our waiter! He was great! Always ask for Jason to be your waiter and tip him big. Jason is wonderful!
5	Koi should not be rated this low!  I lived in LA for 4 years and Koi is one of the main restaurants that all the celebrities go to.  Whenever I go to Vegas I try to head to Koi.  The spicy tuna crispy rice is amazing!  The crab hand roll is to die for!  The black Cod is another perfect dish.  The beef carpaccio was perfection.  The fish is super fresh. I mean how can this have bad reviews?  We had excellent service!  Great atmosphere!
5	go here for happy hour!  They have the most amazing menu for happy hour.  Everything is half off and the food is AMAZING.  I had the kobe skewers and they melted in my mouth.  My best friend isn't a meat eater and she LOVED IT.  The california rolls were the best I have ever had!  They literally were so creamy and tasty that I ordered it twice. lol.  I don't know how it is for dinner but for happy hour it is definitely worth it.  the place is very nice too and the staff are down to earth.
5	See my other posts regarding this restaurant.  I've eaten here in NYC, Vegas and LA.  People who do not like this restaurant are insane.  First, this is NOT a sushi place.  This is very similar to Nobu except it is better.  Second, the Vegas Koi turns the lounge into a night club and they were offering us $30 bucks cover and all we could drink until midnight.  I didn't want to end up killing someone that night and trying to dump their body in the desert so we opted for dinner instead.  We ate late, around 10 PM, and the place was pretty dead and I feel the same restaurant in LA or NYC would have still bee rocking. Regardless, this place is credible.  A must try if you are in Vegas, LA or NYC.
5	Going to Las Vegas before seeing Holly Madison's awful Burlesque-ish show where she barely dances and the back up dancers dance better than her...this was the redemption of the evening. Koi had a very sophisticated  ambiance in Las Vegas and we got lucky to sit right by the window and watched the Bellagio waterworks while we had dinner.  I don't know why I just now reviewed Koi but I feel like I fell short on telling you my experience there. Service was spot on and we did not have to wait too long to get sat or too long for the food to arrive either which to me are all service points of the evening.  We had the Kobe Style Filet Mignon "Toban-Yaki" Asparagus and Mushrooms. It was really amazing from the cut of the beef and the presentation. Koi was pricey in a way that the quality of food, ambiance and experiance were all great but it also wasn't breaking the bank or a surprise bill. We did not have the experience of seeing the true night life that unfolded at Koi because we went for an early dinner. I think it's worth seeing why people are rating Koi at a pretty high 4 to 5 stars. Next time I'm back in Vegas, I'm going to hit the happy hour and maybe even stay there until the night life starts. The ambiance, dinner and every thing in between was amazing. It was quite a good date night for us.
1	The service was slow. The waiter got our drink order wrong. The food was a bit on the tasteless side. Not worth the price.
5	AMAZING CA ROLLS!!  and great customer service!
5	we make sure to always dine at koi when in Vegas...we absolutely love it there...the views of the bellagio fountains, the strip, the fantastic cocktails, fabulous food and friendly staff...it was our anniversary and we were taken very good care of...crispy rice is a must and the Kobe pots tickers are terrific...love everything, and can't wait to go back...thank you!
3	I wanted to like this place way more than I actually do. Planet Hollywood is a pretty cool hotel and this place is trying hard to be trendy but just doesn't succeed. For those of you thinking of going here know that it's on the second level in a corner pretty much. We went for their happy hour and were surprised to see almost no one in the place. We ordered some sushi and had a few sake bombs. The sushi was alright but not great. We felt kind of awkward being in this big lounge area pretty much by ourselves. If I was staying at Planet Hollywood I would go here again but otherwise there are better choices on the strip.
3	I had a gift card for Koi so I decided to use part of it last night for dinner before going to see Peepshow.For starters, I ordered the seafood miso soup.  The menu says clams, shrimp, and bay scallops.  There was one clam which was very good.  The shrimp was fine and the bay scallops were good, too.For the main course, I got the sesame encrusted lobster tail.  The plating was artfully done.  The lobster was OK.  I had two issues.  One, encrusted means one thing to me and another to Koi.  I imagined more sesame but there was merely a sprinkling.  Second, the lobster tail didn't have a very distinctive lobster flavor.  It was rather bland.  The kitchen helps you out by cutting under the meat and along the sides and then across the meat.  You're able to eat it easily without having the whole tail removed from its shell.  With the lobster, you get baby bok choy.For dessert, I chose the flourless molten chocolate cake.  It comes with some berries and vanilla ice cream with butterscotch sauce.  This was excellent!Service was very good.  My iced tea glass was replaced with a fresh one as I neared the end of each one--no need to ask for a refill.  This place just lacked the 4 star experience I'd hoped for.  It was the food, not the service that brings me to rate it as OK.  I still have money on the gift card, so I'll be back to try something else in the future.
2	I've been to Koi in the past (when it had just opened) and was blown away. The edamame dumplings were definitely a showstopper. Yesterday, however, encouraged me to write this review. The food was subpar at best. Edamame Dumplings were gritty and flavorless and the Baked Lobster Roll tasted like the mayo had soured. The only thing I took more than one bite of was my Hamachi dish. But then again, how do you mess up raw yellowtail covered in ponzu sauce?My server was nice, but he should have comp'd the full plates I left on the table.Very, very disappointed. I guess I'm feeling generous... Or maybe the second star may actually be residual from my first visit. Either way, two stars it is.
3	Had dinner at the bar the other night and was impressed with the bar staff. John was our bartender and he took great care of us! The food was what you would expect from an on-the-strip sushi place.. Over priced and nothing too special. The drinks were ok but not much in the whiskey selection. Unfortunately we happened to be there when the ultra lounge started.. What a difference. First we literally had our chairs taken right out from underneath us. Then the night crew of bartenders came on and what a bunch of pompous douche bags. I ordered another cocktail from said douche bag and he puts my martini in a plastic solo cup! WTF!? Then the music came on... What a train wreck! I understand that they might be trying to be like one of these big clubs on the strip but hopefully this is a reality check. 3 stars for John and -5 for the Ultra (laughing) Lounge.
4	Not as awesome as the LA location, but still a classic nonetheless.The bento box appetizer sampler was great because you got a little taste of everything-- the rock shrimp, crispy rice, dumplings, etc. We also loved the albacore sashimi; very fresh as to be expected. The baked lobster roll is also yummy. I wish we had time to explore the menu a bit more. The only thing that was kind of disappointing was the size of the molten chocolate cake. Maybe I was expecting too much, but it was tiny so make sure to get your own!
1	Terrible. Stay clear of this place. The food was way over priced along with not being all the great tasting.I don't mind paying a good amount of money for food, believe me. But this was as bad as it gets. If you want good Sushi in the Vegas area take my advice and hit up I Love Sushi in Henderson.
3	Okay so I was really excited to go to this place for my hubby's big birthday dinner and made reservations like 2 months in advance requesting the lounge room with the huge windows overlooking the Las Vegas strip, but of course they couldn't guarantee those spots. When the actual night comes, we were lucky enough to get that lounge table. Was it as amazing as the pictures? nope, but was it nice and left us feeling a tad exclusive? sure. We were even able to see parts of the Bellagio fountains from that view so we were happy about that.The service was really good, the lady didn't mess up anyone's orders as there were 8 of us, and everyone pretty much enjoyed their food. We had sangria, it was good and strong but definitely not the best I've had. The food was also a okay in my opinion, since we are kind of sushi snobs and expect the best out of pricey establishments such as Koi, but then again, I kinda knew we were coming mostly for the view and good seats. The sushi was below par in my opinion, it was tasty but definitely not enough fish in the rolls, they were a tad heavy on the rice. However, our friends liked their non sushi items and their martinis that they kept on ordering. They preferred the ones with the rose petal btw. So overall, we had a great time, had a yummy dinner, tasty drinks, and a great view. Maybe I had bigger expectations in my head, but what else is new, but my hubby left happy so I was happy that his birthday dinner was a success. However, would I do a repeat, probably not, as we probably would go to Tao next time.
4	GReat service and great food.  Gets a little loud when it become a club, but heck you're in Vegas, what do you expect.  I would recommend.
4	Great service and great food. Only downside was ...small portion and  a bit high price. This is a great place to hang and drink not to fill up your stomach. I would come back again whenever I'm in town.
5	Koi Crispy Rice and Sparkling Sake!
3	Creamy TIger Shrimp Tempura is a winner here. Decor is well suited for a date. intimate and classy is the feeling I get here.  Service was excellent with drinks refilled promptly and the food was definitely pretty. Surprisingly fresh taste to the sushi considering that we're in the desert. Overpriced for the actual food itself however I realize that I'm ordering sushi In Vegas so I adjust my expectations accordingly.
5	Some of The best sushi I have ever had. We went in and told the waiter to bring us his favorites. We let him choose completely. He got very into it and even had the chef make something special for us.  Request a table near the window. The first time we went the few was much better but the view of the Bellagio water show is still pretty amazing. Great ambience, great food great waitstaff
4	Fine dining! Be expected to pay a lot of money for very little amounts of food. The service was superior and the interior was very lavish and exclusive.I ordered the Foie Gras on Seared Ahi Tuna which was delicious! However it left me a bit hungry because it came only with about 6-7 small strips of tuna and pebble size pieces of foie gras.I would only recommend this place if you are willing to splurge.
1	I've never eaten at Koi, but they deserve one star for the terrible New Years Eve party they threw this year.  They oversold their $80 tickets and the "open bar" was a 40 minute wait for a drink, if you have boobs, which I don't.  It was absolutely so miserable that we left and spent time on the crowded dirty-ass Strip instead.  But before we left, I went down to the casino floor to grab a drink, and the bouncer gave me a bunch of crap and wouldn't let me take it in, even though they were not actually selling alcohol inside (but giving it away at the "open bar") and knowing full well that the bar wait was at least 40 minutes.  I still had a good time partying with my friends, but this place had ABSOLUTELY NOTHING to do with that enjoyment.Shame on you Koi, shame!
5	Best dragon roll ever!
5	Three Words: Miso Black Cod.I'm salivating just thinking about this sizable fillet.  Oh it was perfectly cooked, sweet misoyaki like goodness.  It came on a small bed of veggies.   I would have left hungry it it had not been for a seafood miso soup.  The soup was loaded with clams, shrimp and scallops.  All were done to perfection, nothing over cooked.  The flavors were done delicately in a way that is pure Japanese perfection.The my man's Roast Chicken was flavorful and decadently moist.  The chicken was paired with a generously sized portion of shishito pepper mashed potatoes.  These rocked my world, SO GOOD!Decor and service were excellent (as to be expected when shelling out this kinda cash.)  That being said, dinner and 2 drinks for $100 isn't too shabby considering how yummy and nice it is.   Plus: Eating at the restaurant gained free admission to the night club following dinner service!
4	Grils and I came here for dinner on a Sunday before watching Peepshow. We wanted something elegant but light which is why we chose this over Strip House. I really like the setting inside the restaurant; it's dark and peaceful. All of our waitstaff were very nice. I ordered the seafood miso soup to start with and it was so delicious. Our table shared the veggie tempura, the large bento box and a few sushi rolls. Everything melted in my mouth!! My favorite was the rock shrimp-to die for. I also ordered this cucumber martini which was so refreshing and almost a palate cleanser with my food. Although this restaurant is pricey, the food was enough to keep me full. I'd say the quality was well worth the price. If you're staying at Planet Hollywood or coming here to spend time in the casino/watch a show, I highly recommend this place. When we were leaving Planet Hollywood, there were a bunch of club promoters that gave us free entry to one of the clubs in PH. I'd say a well-rounded, VIP treatment night!
1	I fell for the name and the celebrity reputation- my experience was so mediocre i wanted to cry- after dinner I went for a hot dog...
4	I nearly avoided this place because of the Yelp 3 stars yet went anyway and glad I did. The food here was amazing...edamame dumpling and the freakingly scrumptious miso ginger broth.  Service was fantastic....hippity hoppity...I give it 4.5 stars only because the strawberry cobbler was just "ok "- should have gone with the cheese cake like our server suggested.
5	I don't eat sushi but my friends do. They thought the sushi was great. I tried the Kobe-style steak. It was excellent. And the chocolate cake was wow good. Quiet atmosphere. Dark environment. Very Romantical (joke).
4	Wonderful atmosphere, excellent menu. Try the Asian Honey Dew Cocktail. Very delicious. If you like seared ahi tuna they have a nice plate for you. The Kobe surf and turf roll, very good. Service was excellent. Waitress and Server we knowledgeable and always prompt. If you're at the PlanetHollywood check me out.
5	The best sushi ive had in a my life.  That is all i have to say.
5	***This review is for the restaurant only***This place is awesome!  The pricing, menu, and service were all top notch.  I tried the kobe surf & turf rolls and garlic mash for my meal...both were solid.  I also had their strawberry cobbler for dessert and that was quite tasty too.  Was it the best sushi in history - no.  But when I take into account the total experience while at Koi, put it this way:  when I visit Vegas again I'll go back to Koi.  And the only place where I can ever make that emphatic of a statement in Vegas is a casino.  If I had to give it a small dig, I would say it was a lil too dark inside.  But that's minor; as I come for the food and good service.  By the way - all of the negative reviews you see (of the 1 to 2 star variety) are for the lounge/club that opens up later in the evening.  I have no insight into how that works.
4	Went to the Sake taste and had a great time. Tasted incredible Sake and enjoyed so cool appetizers...loved the green beans.The lounge area was super hip and the music was awesome...good DJ. Thank you Koi for hosting such a casual but cool event.SAKE!!!
5	Koi had a really great atmosphere and the food was EXCELLENT.  We stay at Planet Hollywood every year so we will definitely be going back.  The sushi was great.
1	Worst I've ever been to. $20 cover on a Monday w promise of all we can drink, including top shelf liquors. Instead greeted by the cheapest, rudest, bartender and his drinks. Thinking they are doing us a favor, please looking like a dead tamagachi
5	WoW! Great Manager, great ambinace and great quality in the PH hotel. They wont remember us because we were there so long ago, but all I have to say is 'secret shopper'!  Waiter was sooooo nervous!
1	I hate giving 1 or 5 star reviews because it often seems like the reviewer has some sort of agenda or is unreasonable. This place though is well deserving of a 1 star. We came here due a groupon that offered "VIP all you can drink" for x dollars for the nighttime. Nothing about what we saw was VIP. When we get there the place was dead, upon entering it was like a western film when they show tumbleweed blowing by. Later on it did get busier though. This was very frustrating because they had only two bartenders and had a "strict policy" on one drink person despite everyone being all you can drink within the place (part of their normal promotion). I put their strict policy in quotations because it only applied to people the bartenders weren't friends with. We later saw a guy give some multi stage handshake with a guest and he walked away quad fisting drinks. We asked the bartender about this and he said that he "saw him earlier with 3 other people " and that he wasn't given double drinks. Long story short. Stay away from this place in LV. There are so many good places to go to to waste your time on this shit hole.
4	First night in Vegas and we end up at Koi for dinner.  The place wasn't that busy at the time.  We ordered Lobster roll, sake marinated sea bass, braised short rib & roast duck over peppers and a bottle of sparkling sake.  My favorite has got to be the sake marinated sea bass.  That dish alone is just dynamite!Everything was awesome.  Service was great.  Ladies room had a hand towel person waiting for you too.
3	Very inconsistent. I went twice in the span of about three weeks and had polar opposite experiences. The first experience was great. The food was fantastic, every dish was full of flavor and interesting. There was always something that stood out about the dish whether it was the flavor of something or the freshness of the fish or some texture on the dish. I was with a group of 7 and we all enjoyed it. My personal favorites were the eel and avocado rolls (there were two varieties of this) and the spicy tuna on crispy rice.The service was fine; it took a while for the first dish to come out but afterwards we had dishes coming rather steadily. The second experience was terrible. Terrible to the point of I probably won't go back to Koi. We ordered our first dishes and it took quite a while to come. When they did come out, one order was completely forgotten and another dish was wrong. We had asked for yellowtail on crispy rice. The dish was clearly spicy tuna and the waiter told us that no, it was yellowtail. One of my friends had already put some on the plate and the waitress attempted to take the food off his plate and bring it back to the kitchen. The food's getting thrown out, he was going to eat it, let him eat it. Besides, isn't it against the health code to bring food back to the kitchen? Anyway, they brought out a replacement dish and said it was yellowtail, it may have been, but it sure as hell wasn't yellowtail on crispy rice. Screwed up the same order twice.The service the rest of the night was just as terrible. Food was mediocre at best, oftentimes with far, far too much salt added. I didn't eat any of the entrees because they came a full 45 minutes after we finished with the appetizer. I guess it's Vegas, you're taking a gamble when you go here. Could be good, could be terrible.
4	We were here for dinner few days ago. The service was outstanding and their Japanese Fusion dishes was delicious! Def will be back. Try the crispy rice spicy tuna and lobster miso soup!
5	I'm writing a review based on my experience holding a private event here for a party size of over 70 individuals.I will start off by saying that I have planned and coordinated many events whether it be for work or for friends and family. It's amazing how often you will come across unqualified, incompetent, or rude event managers (read my review of The Chandelier). However, this story has a happy ending:)Melody Pender and her staff are amazing! Even though I only gave her less than a week, she was quick to respond, offered thoughtful suggestions and insights, and made this entire event easy and seamless to plan. She tackled everything from room set up, optimizing our open bar, designating staff to our event, handling the guest list, and food orders like a champ. Day of the event she was able to accomodate last minute changes for the room set up even though we dropped in unannounced just a few hours before hand. During our party, she was almost always readily available and the few rare times she was not, each one of her team members knew exactly what was going on and how to handle the situation so I never had to explain or repeat myself.I'll have to admit I did have lower expectation for food quality based on the reviews here, but they were surprisingly good. We ordered edamame, creamy rock shrimp (my fave!), the crab roll (best I've had before), kobe beef potstickers, and vegetable tempura.5 stars for beyond excellent service and I hope to work with them again.
4	Ok so a I feel a little funny reviewing this place, I didn't eat here, all I had was a free shot of saki. The free shot was quite good. the vibe in this place is ok, not quite my scene, but keep in mind I am a 90 year old man. It is worth a stop in to check out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	I actually ate at this restaurant about 2 years and didn't care for it.  I don't know why I agreed to go back again last week.  For the prices they are charging, you can have a NICE dinner in Vegas elsewhere.  The food here is very blah with a side of pretentiousness.  It is super convenient if you're staying at Planet Hollywood though to pop in for a quick bite to eat.  Ask for a table that has a view... it'll make the food taste better.
3	The service was good but unfortunately we were seated next to a large, loud, extremely drunk group of guys.  They were so loud that any conversation was next to impossible.  When we asked to be moved to one of the many other open tables we were told that the party was just finishing up.  Unfortunately they were so drunk that it took better than 45 mins. for them to finish the loud debate over the bill and who was paying.  The waiter did apologize and gave a us a free appetizer for the inconvenience, but this was not the experience we were looking for especially at the price.
5	The food was excellent! We ordered the vegetable tempura (huge portion and crispy), the miso bronzed black cod (amazing), Koi Crispy Rice with Kobe beef (really good). The drinks were really good too. I ordered the Asian Honey Dew and that was amazing!The service was good. For some reason they closed off the window seating, but I would suggest requesting that seating are to enhance your experience there.
1	sorry its over rated and overpriced and not fresh sushi, don't waste your time.
5	Came here with my girlfriends and hubby after watching a show at Planet Hollywood. Some guy stopped us downstairs and gave us a bracelet for the club later that night. We decided to check it out and ended up going in for the happy hour. I'm not really into sushi but I must say I enjoyed them here. Chef Tim sent over some shots for all of us then dessert samplers after dinner. I enjoyed my time here but did not stay very long for the club portion. I do plan on coming back for happy hour if we ever see another show at Planet Hollywood.
5	I've been to a couple of Koi's in the States and I liked this one the best! Expect loud, expect fun, don't expect a fancy uptight meal. Keep that in mind and you're golden. Come try it out!
2	Good atmosphere, but food was average, and a bit $$$.  Try the Lobster Miso.
5	Great place to watch July 4th fireworks!Decided to come here for 4th of July because we heard Ceasars was having their annual firework show.  This restaurant is in Planet Hollywood, but had a great view, situated across from Ceasars. With the heat of 107 degrees at night, we decided to stay inside to watch the show. When we got to the restaurant, we were seated no where insight of a window. Didnt think it was possible, but after talking to our waiter, he quickly moved us to the best view in the restaurant. It was amazing! The waiter was very professional and treated us like valued guest. He was polite, courteous, and knowledgable about the menu! It made dining here such a pleasant experience!Food was delicious, but a little bit pricey (about $22/roll). The sushi was fresh and the dishes were flavorful.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in the world.  I love the LA Location but the Vegas one is GREAT too.  Happy hour at the bar is legit.  My Favs are Crispy rice Spicy tuna, Beef Carpacio (not happy hour menu) and Lobster Wontons.  There are some other Great things there too.  Get out of your comfort zone.  I have eaten at MANY MANY High end places but I just Love Koi maybe the best.Bartenders are great too.  Always make our Specialty Kamikaze with Splash Chamboard!  I have no clue how this place is not 5 stars.
5	I loveeeeeeeeeeee KOI.Love the Bottle ServiceI Highy RecommendFresh OystersSalmon with Black TruffleAlbacore with OnionsYellowtil with JalapenoCrispy Rice with Spicy TunaThis place is great for dates & also large groups.Sexy Decor!
3	We randomly stumbled upon it on Sunday night/Monday morning. Had no idea it was a club let alone a restaurant.Its a small dimly lit circular room that offers a crazy variety of music.the con here was they expected ladies to pay $20 for entrance with the promise of free drinks all night.. Since when do ladies ever need to pay in Vegas?(we ended up getting in free)Ended up having a decent time
5	I have been to a lot of sushi places (high end and economical) but none of them compare to KOI. I visit Vegas 3-4 times a year and always make it a priority to go here.This is hands down the best sushi place I have EVER had the pleasure of eating at!! The spicy tuna rice crispy is one of the best dishes I've had, although a little pricey at $16, it is well worth the money...and if you make it for happy hour, the sushi and drinks are 50% off.Another dish that was on the expensive end for a sushi place, but WELL worth the price was the seared Chilean sea bass, also one of the best dishes I've had.It's a no brainer to visit this place inside the planet hollywood!!
5	Delicious. Definitely worth the walk through Planet Hollywood & the apple sake is divine!
2	Overpriced with a topping of rude service. In Vegas for a work convention and wanted to start our trip out right with a nice night out for sushi and drinks.  I suppose it was our fault for deciding to eat sushi in vegas of all things.  The crispy rice with tuna was very good but way overpriced.  $16 for 4 small pieces - no thanks.  We tried the apple sake that the server practically convinced us to order and it was pretty terrible.  It was reminiscent of a smirnoff green apple drink which means it was too sweet and had a weird artificial after taste. The sashimi was fresh but was only 4 small pieces for $26 dollars.  I can't review the restaurant on the sashimi because it's about the quality of the fish really which was high. Needless to say a $100 check later and we were still starving after splitting basically 12 pieces of fish. The water was rude and pushy and when I paid in cash - he closed out or bill and threw away the receipt.  After asking him for the receipt since it was a business trip he gave me attitude about cash bill being closed out and that's just what they do throw the receipt away. I'm sorry but this was a transaction and I shouldn't have had to haggle over my receipt.  The server explained how he was way too busy but if we wanted to wait maybe he could find the time to dig in the trash and find our receipt. 15 min later he emerged with a wrinkled dirty receipt.  I could have spent the same amount of money, walked away full and satisfied and enjoyed better service somewhere else. Don't waste your money or your time.  Las Vegas is a big place with far better restaurants, and we certainly learned our lesson that night.
5	Ill start with my experience in the restaurant, which was amazing! My party and I walked up with no reservation and were seated immediately. The dining room was lit by candles along the walls and had a moody trendy feel. We were seated in a separate area with a draw dropping view of the strip! Nice! Our server was awesome at recommending some items on the menu! We ordered a little of everything from the surf and turf roll, tiger roll and this baked scallop ozzy yummy amazing thing! The skirt steak was to die for! Mmmm my mouth is watering thinking about it!! One of my party who's not a big sushi fan ordered the chicken which he said was simple yet tasty. My only complaint was the price tag is a little high on a few of the rolls BUT hey they were memorable. Service was exceptional! They even gave us the option to join the lounge later that night for free. Sooo guess where we headed? The lounge! It was a little past 11 and it was already in full swing! The bar was pretty crowded so we asked a waitress about bottle service. Wow! I was pleasantly surprised that they're price tags seemed reasonable. We opted for Grey Goose and were seated in a great little booth behind the ropes. Our mixers were included too! The deejay played mostly hip hop and top 40s which is just what we like! We danced all night and eventually got another bottle with a few more friends who showed up. The waitress even threw in the open bar for the ladies all night long! Need less to say we left quite intoxicated with some great pictures! I'll def make this my go to spot in Vegas for food and drinks! My only complaint is the lounge is a little small and it can get really crowded.
2	Lobster miso soup:Generous chunks of tender lobster in there, but not worth filling up on the salty broth, and definitely not for $9.Koi crispy cracker with spicy tuna:Umm, not crispy.  Actually soggy and soaked in the oil it was deep fried in.  The tuna on top was hardly spicy and had very little flavor.  At the very least, it was fresh.  Definitely NOT worth $16 and if this is one of their signature dishes, they may want to brush up on it.  Feel the Heat roll:Spicy scallop, crab, avocado rolled up with seared tuna and spicy mayo sauce on top.  Very fresh ingredients, great flavors and lovely spicy kick.  By far, the best of the 3.  But you know, it's just a roll, and a $22 one at that. Like most Vegas venues that somehow turn into clubs/lounges after 10pm, it has very dim lighting and dark corners.  Service was great - friendly and prompt, but it was a Monday night.
3	My party had reservations on a Tuesday at 7:30pm and as you first walk into the restaurant, all you can hear is the loud music from the lounge area.  It doesn't get much better as you walk into the restaurant.  Don't expect to have a nice, quiet dinner here.  The music was a big distraction during the entire meal.  Did it really need to be so loud?  I didn't come to a club, I just wanted a nice dinner.  Anyway, about the food... The rock shrimp tempura was delicious and I would come back for that dish!  I would recommend passing on the beef potstickers - 3 little half moons of bland potstickers.  My Uncle had a sushi dish with crushed crackers that he said was stale, so he brushed those off.  How can you put stale crackers on a pricey sushi dish?  I had the miso black cod and it was a rich and flavorful dish, which rivaled the miso black cod I had at Nobu.  I will probably come back for the shrimp and black cod, but I will know next time to expect the loud music.
4	Great sushiVery creative, finally some new rolls, great flavor, i really really liked the soy paper rolls. The only thing that i didn't like is the issue that they have only 6,7 kind of rolls
3	My family has been here a few times and have told me how good the food is.  I've never been, so I joined them when they were in town.  While the food was good, it didn't blow me away.Per their recommendation, I had the Wasabi Braised Short Ribs.  They were definitely good, but I don't think I had the same love for them that my family had.Cool looking restaurant, but it was empty so it was a very sad vibe the night we went.  Perhaps with a more upbeat crowd I might be able to get this place to 4*.  I dunno, I just think there's better food options in Vegas.  Koi didn't blow me away.
3	I enjoyed myself at Koi but wouldn't catch myself running back. The food was good and so was the Sake, but nothing too outstanding. It was highly recommended that we make a reservation because we went for dinner on a saturday. We made one, but when we got there it wasn't busy at all. The atmosphere is VERY dim and quite intimate and you would never know there's a casino right downstairs. I ordered 2 hand rolls because I wasn't starving, both were good but not different from any sushi I've had before. Our service was good for the most part but, it kinda makes me laugh that the sushi chefs do all the work and the waiter gets tipped for carrying the sushi 15 ft to the table. I almost wanted to give my tip directly to the chef.
3	It's easy to see why people give Koi 2 star reviews, and easy to see why they give it 5. Some of the food was really really good - the miso black cod, while ripped off from Nobu, is still really great. The crispy rice topped with spicy tuna is really wonderful. I'd go with 4 stars for those, but I could see 5. But, the Vegasness of Koi overpowers the food. Ridiculously loud club music that seems designed to make you want to leave ASAP. Servers who, likewise, appear to have a prime directive to get you in and out within an hour or even 45 minutes. And overall a velvet rope vibe that might be OK for a club but it off-putting for a restaurant.
2	Sort of cool atmosphere. Service was slow and miso soup came out cold. Fish tasted average. Would not go back.
5	It was my boyfriend & I's last night in Las Vegas and I had been dying for sushi so we decided to check out Koi! I definitely wish we had gone earlier in the trip because the food was amazing. We shared the vegetable tempura, seared tuna, and crispy rice. The fish tasted so fresh and it was at such a reasonable price (especially compared to the other restaurants we went to in Vegas). For dessert, we got the strawberry cobbler & it was just the perfect touch of sweetness to end our dinner.The restaurant is more like a lounge, with   a slightly romantic ambiance, which i loved! Sadly, we had to go back to Canada, but like I always say "C'est la vie!" I can't wait to come back!
1	I typically don't write bad reviews about places unless they reAlly did something to upset me. Koi pretended that it was $20 for open bar . We had one man with us and he got kicked out when he tried to order a drink past midnight. This place is horrible and they will make a scene about what they offer you outside the  "club". I put the word club in parenthesis because this place calls themselves a club but its far from it.
2	Being loyal Nobu fans, we thought we should try out Koi. Should have went to Nobu. Crispy rice was great, but that was about it. VERY heavy handed on the sauces and some crazy mixes in courses that just don't work. Went to Koi 2 days later and was SO happy. Glad we tried Koi, but not for me.
5	Were were seated with a great view of the sushi bar The ambiance was beautiful and it was fairly quiet and romantic until two giant groups in rowdy folks were seated between us and the sushi bar. The drink menu was fun and I got the Asian Honey Dew which was very nice. The food menu was exciting and had lots of choices for those who love seafood and sushi and a number of choices for those that don't.Our server, Fernando, was attentive and extremely knowledgeable.  My husband chose the lobster tacos and I chose the Kobe beef potstickers as an appetizer.  Both were beautifully presented and delicious.As a main, my husband was able to order some items he had never had before but had always wanted to try including soft shelled crab, sea urchin, and sea eel.  I got the wasabi braised short ribs which melted in my mouth and were just falling off the bone...Overall it was a wonderful dining experience. The food was top notch and the service was great.  I would recommend Koi to anyone.
3	Had dinner there tonight. The food was quite good but predictable. I think its time they change things up a little bit. Our server was very good. Personable and friendly. My son's dish wasn't correct and they quickly fixed it and treated us to the yummy mistake. The dinner felt a tad rushed but overall was good. I just feel like some of the menu feels stale as many of the courses are on menus every where. The stand out was the sirloin steak. Very very good!
3	First, I love sushi! I've had some really amazing sushi and some horrible sushi...Koi was my first sushi restaurant that I've tried on the strip... i think i may have well had too big of a expectation of this restaurant when I walked in. We probably ordered 12 rolls. Tried every one of them. Did not "wow" me.The ambiance was nice.The sushi was mediocre.Nothing too special. Will I go back? Probably not. Try Kumi instead at Mandalay Bay
5	We really enjoyed our visit here. We enjoyed every part of our meal, the calamari salad, Togarashi crusted salmon & Salmon carpaccio were all AWESOME! The drinks are worth the price, no wimpy drinks here. Tempura & desserts were also great, strawberry cobbler = yummy!
4	This review is for my experience in the main restaurant (as opposed to the lounge, which turns into a nightclub at 10:30pm).  Ambience:  great!  Loved the decor and setting. Service:  friendly,  attentive, not pretentious--our server was great!!!!   The bar service would be my only complaint and it wasn't enough to dampen our evening whatsoever.   The pours where a little weak and as the restaurant became more crowded, bar service slowed down.  Food: delicious!!!!   Black miso cod, skirt steak, teriyaki chicken (for me:) and tons of sushi.  Sorry, not sure what rolls we ordered, but all the die-hard sushi eaters at the table had zero complaints and every crumb got devoured which praise.  The cod was a stand out as was the shishito mashed potatoes.  I loved the whole experience and can't wait to go back.
5	I'm pretty sure fireworks exploded in my mouth as my taste buds threw me a savory celebration.The crispy rice is one of the tastiest things I have ever experienced. It tasted kind of like a grilled cheese sandwich, sans cheese. They were these delectable little rectangles of rice that were either pan-fried or deep-fried in what I'm guessing was probably butter and soy sauce. There were 2 versions available: one topped with spicy tuna, the other with kobe beef. I'm not a tuna fan, so I gave the tuna to my husband and stuck with the rice. We arrived during happy hour while the appetizers and a few other menu items were half off. That was really helpful to out wallet considering all the price gouging that goes in in Vegas. We were also able to order from the whole menu while in the lounge, which we did.The staff was swift and friendly. I even saw one of them help another couple take a photo on their phone. They are probably used to doing that all the time, but I still thought it was pretty cool of them.
5	Great food. Great cocktails. Great service. Great atmosphere. I will go out of my way to eat here again. This review is for dinner. Valentine's Day at that!The "Rockin Cucumber" drink is perfectly balanced. Not too sweet, the sake brings a change to the normal vodka cocktail. Highly recommended.The service was unwavering. We never had a dirty table, and never wanted for refills on water or drinks.The food was outstanding. The rolls are slightly over priced - but we're from CA and used to great sushi at low prices. We're spoiled in that regard. The miso soup and edamame were on point, the crispy tuna tartare was delicious, and the marinated skirt steak we had for dinner was perfectly seasoned and cooked. It melted in my mouth.I will be back again.
1	so lets talk about Koi.....if i could give no stars, that's what i would be doing...this was by far the worst dining experience i have had while living in las vegas for the past 3 years...waitress forgot to put in our drink order. then brought the order to us 30 minutes later and wrong...then 40 minutes after ordering an appetizer... it finally arrives, room temperature and tasting stale.PRAYING that the second round would go more smoothly we put in another drink order and 2 more appetizers.... this was a serious mistake....lets start with the fact that they we're never delivered.and all the ice from our second round of drinks was melted... who doesn't love a fully melted drink....i do not.our waitress was a scared little girl who could hardly carry the tray.after a 2 hour horror show. I walked to the server station to ask for our check, after having asked for it twice...I asked to see a manager and was told that he couldn't be bothered with my issues....really?the manager.... who's job is to keep customers happy couldn't be bothered to help appease a VERY upset customer...ok...I hope some form of management responds to this post because i have never been so insulted by a supposedly upscale establishment.....
5	This was our second time here, both amazingly perfect experiences!  The sushi was amazzzzzzzzing!! Cocktails were fab, and we can't wait to go back!
4	A little on the high price side, but what do you expect for a location on the strip? Food was amazing, service was just so-so. We felt rushed through dinner although the place had plenty of seating available. Location seems dark - no windows or views of much.
5	I could make an entire meal of the salmon carpaccio with truffle & the lychee martini.  Everything else was delicious as well but those two stood out as items I will covet in my dreams.  Fernando was our waiter and he could tell we were in a fun mood - he joked with us and really made it a fun evening.  No doubt in my mind I'll be back - I cannot stop talking about that salmon.
4	Picked this place because of yelp. Glad we did. Was in Vegas with girlfriends staying at Bellagio and wanted a break from the endless carbs we'd been consuming so looked for nearby sushi spot that could take us a time that wouldn't interfere with our evening prefacing before hitting the scene. (10pm)Koi was quiet (read: we were one of 4 tables) but it was 10 pm and this place tends to switch to a club scene around 11. Sushi was great. Price was cheap!! 8 rolls for the price of what you usually get 6 for here in DC. Waiter was kind lame, but whatever- this place served its purpose. We seriously debated going there again the next night but our plans didn't work to fit it in. Great sushi overall!
1	We went here on a Saturday night for my birthday dinner, with a group of 12. I had called a month in advance to reserve a table for this size group, and had no problems doing so. Upon arrival on Saturday night, we were escorted to the back where we saw THREE round booths, which meant our party of 12 had to split up. This was a bit disappointing as it totally defeated the purpose of me reserving a table for a party of 12. How was I supposed to choose one booth to sit at when all of my friends were there because of me? I was a bit more disappointed at the fact that this was never mentioned to me and I had called this restaurant at least 3 times regarding this reservation.The service was incredibly slow...and our food was coming out at all different times (even the food we ordered at the same booth). Another sign of poor service, our water cups remained empty for over 20 minutes while servers passed our area at least 3 times. We finally had to call one over and mention to him that we need more water. I would expect more of a restaurant with such hefty prices.While the sushi and other entrees were decent, it's not enough to get us back anytime soon. There are way too many options in Vegas, and unfortunately this was just a big miss for us.
3	Contrary to many of the other reviews here I got great service. The girl showing me to my table was chatty and nice, the waitress took my drink order within a minute of sitting down and as I had already checked the menu before coming here I was ready to order when she returned with my drink. Food came promptly and my water was refilled whenever needed. My waitress stopped by now and then to check that everything was OK and to see if I needed something else.But the food... Well. While OK I would not consider it on par with the price-tag.Especially not the sashimi. The slices were so thin that I could almost see through them and they fell apart when I lifted them off the tray. That is not how sashimi should be! It should be about a quarter of an inch thick and firm enough that you can lift it by a corner without the piece falling apart! The quality of the fish was OK but not great.The main course (I had the Togarashi Crusted Salmon) was good, the spices well balanced and the fish cooked right. But for $25 I believe I can find better fish in this town...On top of this the music was just too loud for this type of setting. I was there early in the evening (8pm) and the music was cranked up to "dance and shut up" volume. Not a pleasant experience.
5	Exceptional food, amazing wine list and truly spectacular service. Did I mention that the turnaround was super fast too? I mean, it's kinda hard to get used to having your sashimi and nigiri ready in 5-10 minutes unless it's super dead or sitting at the chefs counter/sushi bar.. You have to try the Toro. It is by far the best one I have ever had in my life (well I'm sure when I visit japan it'll be that) the marbling is unbelievable. The taste is so clean. I couldn't believe I was eating a slice of fatty tuna- it really Yates like a5 wagyu!! The rolls were good too, the koi crispy rice was very flavorful though I wish thee was less rice and more spicy tuna. But maybe because the tuna was spicier than average that's why they ratioed the rice and tuna that way. Also try the hamachi fusion with truffles and citrus oil. I mean, who can say no to black truffles??? Our serer Fernando was delightful. I may have to check out the lounge next time sine we got wristbands when we came out of the restaurant..
5	Happy hour half priced drinks and appetizers was a great del. great drinks, but the food was the star. Excellent! Really nice bartender. We ate a lot and had 2 drinks each and spent under 70' so that was a good deal.
3	Been here many times over the years so maybe I'm just a bit bored with the menu.  items are good, miso cod probably my favorite.  If staying at PH it's convenient.
5	Staff, freakin amazing, place trendy and great ambiance, happy hour is fantastic, rock shrimp, tuna tartare and more.
2	2.5 stars!  Soooooo disappointing.  We dined here for happy hour and I completely understand that the HH menu is going to be limited, but I didn't think it was going to be bad.  Simply too much rice that overpowered the flavors of the fish and it was bland.  Although, on a positive note, I do recommend the tuna tartare.  I almost wish we were served that at the end.  One last note...I do not recommend the saki cucumber martini...it was sour....it almost tasted as though they had used the pickled cucumber to make the drink.
1	This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas. Do not waste your time with this ugly, disgusting city. You are already gambling money away to casinos that they charge you for drinks. Then on top of this, KOI advertises $20 for all you can drink. Do not believe the "father of lies" that is the Hard Rock. Women get this deal for drinks that have less than one ounce of alcohol. And for the men, this deal does not apply to you. So let's say you want a domestic beer...$8! This KOI club, Hard Rock casino, and the rest of the Las Vegas strip would do the world a favor to take a plunge into bankruptcy. Please Las Vegas strip, go away! Shreveport is a million times better. Vacation ruined!
1	Not what to expect for a lounge/club in one of the largest hotels in Vegas. PH should invest in a much bigger venue to accommodate its guest. Staff was terrible and rude. They act like they own the place or they think its the Marquee. Wasn't impressed by the service either. Bar tenders are very very rude, well, you don't get tipped that way, or maybe I will never go back there. The place is so tiny which you feel you are running out of O2. Better yet, they have host at every corner of the casino trying to recruit people with rest band claiming a VIP treatment, once you hit the door, you find out that its all a HOAX. Bad marketing strategy.
1	Security were assholes. Had a drink for my girlfriend, security said I couldn't have it and kicked me out. Tons of attitude, not worth it. Skip this and go anywhere else.
2	I got into Koi,  and as soon as I did, I got to the dance floor and my shoes stuck to the ground. It was awful.  They should clean their floors immediately. Thanks!
5	Every sushi restaurant has their signature popular dish. With that said, you need to know what to order. I've eaten here several times. It's a bit pricier than a typical sushi restaurant but you're paying for the atmosphere as well. The crispy rice, lamb chops, and mash potatoes are my favorite! I'll give them 5 stars!
2	This review isnt about the food, as I didnt eat here. This is about the nightlife aspect. I went to Koi to do the "all you can drink for ladies" deal of 20 dollars. I figured, hey why not, since in Vegas if you actually pay for drinks, they are 10 bucks a piece anyway at a fancy restaurant, right? May as well drink more than two to get my money's worth. Well....apparently a vodka redbull doesnt count as one of those drinks covered under the 20 bucks. So I had to pay anyway. Wish I wouldve known that, or just paid for the cost of red bull instead. Lame.
1	Came here with a pub crawl. They charged $20 for all you can drink. I paid $50. They insisted that I only gave $20. They said they had video proof, but would not show me. The end.
2	It's too bad Koi switches from a restaurant to a nightclub because it's almost unfair to rate them as one. I went to the restaurant a few years ago and had a great experience. Last night, they were handing out bracelets to get in for $20 with all you can drink for ladies so we decided to give it a shot. After the long line, we headed straight to the bar. Our shoes were sticking to the ground with each step. The drinks were very weak. The place was FULL of girls, no guys. It was so horrible, we didn't even stay for a second drink. My advice- clean your floors and don't under pour.
5	Food is VERY fresh and VERY authentic... my group loved the friendly service and the cost was reasonable for how much we all ate! Definitely a must while in vegas!
4	Great sushi! The food is very expensive for basic sushi, but that is expected in Vegas. The waiter we had was great and efficient. This is definitely a place we would recommend and return to.
4	Table for 14, no problema! Thanks to reservations we were seated immediately and served with class. I enjoyed everything I ordered, the lobster tacos, the California roll and the jidori chicken breast with  mushroom ginger sauce was so good, all  plates were cleared. The edamame was the freshest I've tasted. Attention to detail I must say!I passed on the sake and had my favorite kettle one lemon drop which was chilled to perfection and disappeared so fast I had to order another.Without a doubt, not matter what city I would go again!
3	The food is just average. It's good but hardly memorable. I had the special ramen and Koi feels the need to put their twist by making it dry (without soup). I was a bit disappointed. But, the taste was good. So, I won't complain. 3*The time that it takes for the food to get to the table though is seriously LONG. We waited for more than 25 minutes (after ordering). I also think it is overpriced. But, it's Vegas, where everything is expensive. 2*The waiter is the primary entertainment. He's so goofy with funny comments here and there. Give him a raise seriously. Unfortunately, I can't remember his name. 4*Noise level was nice until roughly 1030 but it's Vegas. So, I won't deduct points. Neutral.
1	koi was disgusting. I thought for sure since it was a Japanese restaurant that they would have decent sushi. I am not sure about their other entrees, so I can't speak about that, but the sushi was awful!!!! I ordered the rainbow roll and spit it up, I also ordered the tempura shrimp and it too was not very good :( I was truly disappointed, do not order sushi! I would try another entree.
4	Wasn't able to have a full dinner here, but had great appetizers creamy tempura shrimp was delicious will definitely come back. Drinks were just ok.
4	Koi was a great experience. We made reservations and had no problem getting seated. The atmosphere and decor were really trendy and nice. The waitstaff was very nice and attentive. The food was really good. The sushi wasn't the best sushi I've ever had, but still very good. I got the filet with the mushrooms and asparagus, which was amazing. Only critique was that it was a little salty because there was so much sauce, but it's just my personal preference. It did not make it any less amazing. The tuna on crispy rice was so good, I could have had 3 orders of those. I would definitely come back, wish they had one here in Pittsburgh!
3	Went to Koi at Planet Hollywood for dinner and ordered the Kobe beef and crusted rice special. It was delicious but was not filling. Also got the cucumber martini which was quite good. Be ready to spend because nothing is cheap here and portions are small, but quality is on point.
3	We went during the happy hour (1/2 off apps and Signature cocktails) from 5-7, so not too early. The potstickers were good and we had Edamame which during HH were $2 or so.We had the crispy fried rice and a spicy tuna roll along with a roll topped with Kobe beef which was really good....the Surf N Turf.We would definitely go back.
1	Sushi was meh...I went here a few years ago and I've had better. But the reason I'm giving it one star is because I went there again last night because the nightclub Gallery was closed and we didn't want to leave the hotel so we just went there to grab some drinks. A guy was handing out wristbands downstairs and said the place was poppin so we paid the $20 cover for "open bar" and when we got in there we could not move AT ALL and people were starting to fight! We didn't get any drinks because we couldn't even get close to the bar. Also my friend was groped and it was so crowded she couldn't see who it was. DISGUSTING. The guy downstairs handing out wristbands was talking it up and then we got up there..walked in and walked right out. Down $20. Won't be going back. EVER.
4	I was fairly impressed with their food.  Appetizers were fresh and well prepared.  Service was perfect.  Sushi was fresh and very well seasoned.  Only critique I would have was that the rice was on the mushy side.
1	Always wanted to try Koi. I'm a big fan of sushi and her sister sake. I adore uni and a nice crispy salmon skin hand roll. My darling wife is not however a fan of sushi. So she ordered the vegetables and tofu. Safe, right? Nice try. She turns to me when it was delivered to the table and said, "I thought sushi was supposed to be bite size." So did I! Her tofu was three inches on a side and the broccoli was 4 inches long and the asparagus 6. The carrots were bite size if you consider horking down a whole carrot lady-like. My wife's idea of a good time is not deep-throating dinner. So exactly what were we supposed to do with the three inch square slabs of tofu? I finally ended up sawing the rubbery stuff into bite-sized chunks. It really was rubbery. On a side note the tofu appeared to be stamped with identical 'grill' markings. I'm pretty sure these came pre-marked from SYSCO. My UNI was ok, nothing to write home about, the spicy tuna roll was totally uninspiring. She also ordered a 'rock-shrimp' roll, thing. If they were real rock shrimp my nephew is a simian (which would make me a Monkey's Uncle).The bill, sake and a mojito included came to $70...yes, I really did type that, it's not an error, just a F#$@ing insult to anyone who values a dollar bill. $70!...One more time $70.The 'piece de resistance' was each bite was attended to by the sushi chefs staring at us and watching us eat, not unlike New Yorkers watching you eat lunch at a diner hoping you'll barf up a lung or go into cardiac arrest so they can have your seat and get through lunch before they must return to their cubicles in the sky. Most uncomfortable meal I've ever had in a restaurant. My wife finally jumped up and said, "I'm outta here, I'll wait for you outside".You want real sushi at a great price without the pretentious BS, there's an all-you -can -eat place in Chinatown one block west of Valley View on Spring Mountain. I need to write a review of this place. It's in a little cluster with a Korean BBQ place. Awesome food, great prices and they're too busy to watch you eat every mouthful.At Koi it's a ploy,They'll take your cash and you'll dash.
4	I told myself when I went to Vegas I wasn't going to go to any restaurants that I could go to at home in NYC.. whoops! Oh well, it didn't disappoint at all, and now I want to go to the Koi at home. We made a last min reservation here cause it was in Planet Hollywood and we had tickets that night to see Britney Spears. We informed our waiter that we were going to the show, and the service was definitely quick! All the food the was great, the waiter very nice and accommodating. One of my friends thought a roll she ordered was something different, and the waiter offered to get her something new. Overall great experience!
4	Went with a group of 12. We had two servers that made great menu recommendations initially. The lobster tacos were fabulous as were the surf and turf roll and the sun fire roll. Our food was very slow to come out. People in our group that ordered mixed drinks sent theirs back more than once for being subpar. I have no idea if there is a dessert menu, neither server asked if we were interested or if we wanted to order more food after our first round. Great food, disappointed in the service
4	Koi was a great experience for me and my friends while on vacation in Vegas.  We made reservations and were seated immediately once we showed up.  The decor inside is very intimate yet trendy.  I was told it turns into a lounge after 10 PM.  The waitress was very attentive and a pleasure to deal with.  Everything we ordered was good.  I had two rolls (I forgot what they were called), uni sashimi, toro sashimi, and saba sashimi.  The rolls were good but not any different from other high end sushi restaurants.  The sashimi was delcious and fresh.  I also got to taste the kimchi fried rice which was yummy and my fiance had the chilean sea bass.  He said it was very good as well.  I tried my friend's miso cod dish and it was very delicious.  The entire experience was great but the only downside is it is really expensive. If you don't mind splurging this restaurant was a wonderful experience.
4	Good experience at Koi. The Kimchi fried rice was delicious. They had a lot of gluten free options and the server was very educated on the menu. The rolls were small, but good and fresh. One of the rolls had krab and I substituted for real crab. Very expensive, but it's Vegas. Everything is expensive!
5	Great sushi, great drinks, good waitresses and wonderful potstickers! We made a reservation but didn't make it on time so they made us sit in the lounge area. I was hoping they'd make an exception and let us sit in the dining area but that's okay. We had a super sweet waitress and we let her know we had a show to attend that night. She made sure everything came out as fast as it could and we were out of there on time.Surf and turf roll is great. Pot stickers were wonderful but the best was the short ribs!
2	Poor serviceMgr would not accept criticism when told  waiter to charge for bad orderGood food...bad attitudeNeeds service improvement
3	3 stars for great customer service, ambiance and drinks! We went on a Thursday night and the place was really dead, so our food came pretty quickly. For $70 we got two drinks, 1 very very small appetizer (lobster tacos) and 1 dragon roll (mediocre). Id be more inclined to go during a happy hour. Had bites of the kimchi fried rice and it was the best thing our table ordered. :)
4	Love this place. A little pricey but the dishes are so amazing. We had great service too. Faves: Crispy Rice, Crispy Rock Shrimp Tempura,Spicy Seared Albacore
5	Just wanted to say thank you for the service  some of the fastest and nicest people in the restaurant business I've seen in along time Great service great food a little expensive but worth it
5	Absolutely delicious! Sushi extremely  fresh and tasty for the pallet.. Service excellent and atmosphere very pleasant. Sweet shrimp beautiful displayed along with battered fried sweet shrimp heads, Spicy seared albacore topped with crispy dried onion's to die for and mouth watering uni all a perfect combination with Asahi  and Hot Sake...yummy
5	Visited this place for the first time last week while I was on vacation and I must say I was super impressed. The place was decorated beautifully and the food was really fresh. Was greeted by the Manager, Patrick, who came out and ensured that our dinner awesome. They definitely make you feel welcome. I will absolutely be visiting this place again when I come back into town.Highly recommend!
4	Food was good, and restaurant had great style.  Crispy rice was good, but not the best I've had.  The sushi dishes we ordered were all good.  We had a good time, but our waiter was pushy.  He was obviously trying to bump up the bill on a table of 2.Reservations book up fast on Britney concert nights, so book before you arrive at the hotel.
5	As good as it gets! We came here to celebrate my birthday. The menu at Koi Las Vegas is inspired by traditional Japanese dishes and is enhanced with modern California accents. We sat the lounge area and it was perfect for 10 people. Koi is beautiful, very spacious and chic. The waitress was a young beautiful asian wearing a beautiful dress and she was very attentive and friendly. She  came to check on our table several times. The Creamy Rock Shrimp Tempura was out of this world! I also tried Tuna Tartare on Crispy Wontons, Baked crab roll, Koi Crispy Rice topped with Spicy Tuna and Yellowtail Tartare. For drinks -Lemon Drop, Berry Bliss was good but not strong and Hot Sake is a better choice. The happy hour is from 5-7pm half off appetizers and drinks. If you keep your dinner receipt you can stay for the nightclub without cover charge. We did not stay for the nightclub so cannot comment on that. I usually go to places with 5stars. I was surprised to see 3&half stars but the reviews were mostly for the nightclub. The desert/birthday cake sundae was so cute! We had a blast!
4	Great late night vibe! Awesome crowd and the free drink promotions are amazing! The number one choice for nightlife at PH!
5	Best experience ever. Bartenders, servers, and security were phenomenal. DJ was excellent and the environment was absolutely perfect. Will definitely be recommending and returning.
5	Had a great experience at Koi in Planet Hollywood!The staff is very courteous and extremely knowledgeable about their menu.  Our server was Eric and he was outstanding!  He was able to answer all of our questions, give great recommendations, and made sure we enjoyed our food without being overbearing.  We had the a few of the rolls (which were delicious) and last but not least, the sundae for desert.  The chocolate sauce they provide with the sundae is ridiculously good (wish we could have had another bowlful).  It was a perfect end to our meal.Overall our experience was impressive and will come back here soon!
3	Koi is a solid 3 star sushi place.  Not near the best sushi that I have had, but also not close to the worst.  There was nothing too memorable about Koi, besides the surprise I had when they said they only serve Asahi and Sapporo as the Japanese Beers.   I would think that a place like this would have a few of the rare Japanese beers, but alas, they did not.Would I return?  Only if I was staying at Planet Hollywood, and traveling for business.  The prices were a bit high for the size and quality that was served.
5	This place rocks! Had an awesome sushi experience and then rolled into the lounge for a phenomenal party. DJ killed it and the drinks made up for my losses in the casino. Whatever, had a great time!! Definitely suggest Koi whether you're staying at PH or not!
5	Amazing food, great service and very nice enviroment to eat and relax. I strongly recommend spicy red spider crab roll and toga salmon.
3	The atmosphere was great, but the sushi just so-so. You better bring it if you're going to charge Vegas prices.
5	Beautiful decor! Awesome Sushi! Great Service!My husband and I went to KOI on our last visit to Las Vegas over Christmas weekend. We love sushi and have it at least a few times a month in LA. Every single roll we had at KOI was delicious and our server (i think his name was Jason) was great. It took us over 7 hrs to drive into Vegas that day, and we were going to cancel reservations because we were too tired to rush and get to dinner- but very happy we didn't. The saki/beers were great, and we had a chocolate dessert that was very tasty as well.Would def return!
5	Went to happy hour 5-7 three times over New Years.  Outstanding sushi and drinks.  The best shrimp tempura I have ever had.  Crab roll, tuna tartare, and kobe beef skewers were great washed down with drinks, beer and saki.  Service was outstanding.
