5	This is an upscale piano bar-lounge, open 24h a day, 7 days a week. Features a broad selection of luxurious choices: premium beverages & cocktails, fine caviars, cheeses and other appetizers. It is conveniently located at the Bellagio Lobby, right next to the Noodles Restaurant. The venue is tasteful- a great place to have afternoon tea, a glass of whiskey, champagne or port, ot to smoke a delicious cigar, in style, while listening to the relaxing soothing sounds of the piano. If you are accompanied by your signifficant other, you can have such a romantic time there! But I guess it is also fine to bring your buddies or business associates. Beware- expensive, be prepared to spend some bucks in exchange of the good quality. Some things are priceless- for the rest... you know.If you are curious, check out the official Petrossian websites! Some yummy things to see...http://www.petrossian.fr/http://www.petrossian.com/
4	We proceeded to the Bellagio specifically because I'd wanted to try the caviar at Petrossian. I had wanted to try it the last time we were there, but couldn't because lil guy wasn't allowed in since it was served at the bar. So, we managed to find a daycare for him while we ran off to sample the 'black salt' (as hubby calls it).We got there as it opened at 12pm and settled into comfy seats. We both ordered Perrier ($4.50) and was faced with a sour faced server. I was like WTF?? We're paying customers regardless of what we order. However, when I ordered a 30g Alverta caviar ($185) and hubby a shot of Christiania vodka ($10), that same server's entire demeanor changed. Fucking hell. I mean seriously. Just because we weren't dressed nicely doesn't mean we were vagrants. Give me a break.Well, I was kind of disappointed with the caviar. At $185/30g I'd expected far better quality than the one we got. I've tried many types of caviar before and I really preferred Osetra caviar to the Alverta but dammit, I wasn't going to pay $350/30g for it. Screw that. They serve the caviar with a 'bread basket' of toast triangles and baby blinis, but the problem was, the warm blinis served together with the toast created steam which meant the toast was soggy when it reached us. Also, the carb to caviar ratio was ridiculous. There was enough toast and blini for about 500g of caviar.Still, it was great that hubby finally has changed his thoughts about caviar. The caviar at Petrossian starts at $145 and tops at over $1000. Maybe one day I'll feel generous enough to plop down $300+ for 30g of caviar at a whim, but that day isn't going to be any time soon.1-star off for the two faced server.
5	a couple of years ago, i learned the Petrossian served afternoon tea, but by reservation only, and only between 2pm and 5pm. recently, on a weekend trip to vegas, i surprised my two friends on the trip (who also love the tea experience) with a reservation for the afternoon tea at the Petrossian. it's $35 per person, and a few dollars more if you order the jasmine tea.  we were led to a comfortable setting for three - two big cushy armchairs and a small loveseat and a tiny table. for the price, each person gets a pot of tea of their choice, 4 tea sandwiches of their choice, 2 scones, and selections of the chef's desserts of the day. the three of us were hungry, and my two friends seemed a little apprehensive as to whether or not it would be filling, but in the end we all left stuffed.for my selections, i chose the lavender earl grey tea. it was a lovely tea, but the lavender in the tea was barely detectable.  for the sandwiches, i chose a lump crab meat, a lobster, a prosciutto, and a chicken salad. all were tasty, and the prosciutto and the lobster were my personal favorites. the desserts were small and petite and very good. it was a lovely tea, in a unique setting. where else can you have an elegant afternoon tea next to a casino?the service was wonderful...very quick, always checking to see how everything was and if everything was to our liking. i would definitely have tea here again!
4	Seriously, we stepped in here for one last drink before crawling into bed with happiness over the yummy food from Mesa Grill.  HOLY THROWBACK! It was great people watching! Mostly this is the old fart bar looking for a hooker or several ladies of all ages looking for a sugar daddy. It was the best entertainment in a while! More collagen and lipo than Hollywood!The drinks were good but since we were in Vegas they were of course way over priced.  The bartenders were really nice and always kept us in liquor without too much asking. This bar is right off the lobby so you get to watch tons of people doing really great touristy stuff.  If your a people watcher this is the bar.  The piano guy is pretty good too.
5	If I knew I was going to die, I would get on the plane and come here.  possibly the best meal I have ever had.I am not into 5 course meals though, just some light apps with champagne.  the sample platter is amazing.  Caviar, Pate, Tartare.  Best Shrimp Cocktail. Creme Brulee to die for.....all where you can hang, drink the bubbly, smoke a cigar and listen to the piano player and people watch.If you are down and out in vegas and have 100 bucks to your name.....spend it here.  you feel like you are living the life and indulging in everything worth indulging in.  it gives me goosebumps, it's that good.  Service is great, chill cocktail waiters not bugging you every ten minutes, let you take your time, not trying to upsell you on the $1,000oz caviar.dammit now I wish I were in vegas.
5	This place is phenomenal. Good selection of alcohol, comfortable environment, excellent wait staff. The bartenders are all award-winning mixologists - literally. Ask them about it, and they'll tell you stories.Now, the key is to sit in front of the piano so you can see everyone passing by . . play a little game of "Who's with a hooker?" and spot all the goobers passing through the lobby that don't look like the insanely hot or trashy looking chick they are with is their girlfriend or wife. If It's late enough, you won't be waiting long.Highly highly recommended. Excellent all-hours-of-the-night chill spot, especially if you're staying in the Bellagio.
5	As a finale to my last three day stay in Las Vegas we finally came here.  We just wanted drinks and to listen to the piano and watch the people go by so this review is totally a reflection from my experience sitting in the front by the railing at the piano bar.  It was fantastic and the pianist took requests.  While we conspicuously consumed our Czar caviar, Veuve Cliquot, and Russian Grain Vodka we were serenaded with the sounds of the themes from Love is a Many Spledored Thing and The Valley of the Dolls.  I wanted him to play Won't you come home Bill Bally and Spinning Wheel but he just laughed and covered his mouth and said he couldn't play that here.  He was fantastic and so was the lulling lobby traffic.  Truly a romantic and luxurious place to wind up your trip or any evening.  If you want to have more than a beer though bring a couple hundred dollars with you.  :)
3	We stopped by for afternoon tea and were seated without a reservation at the far end of the Petrossian. I asked if we could sit by the piano or closer to the Chihuly flowers, and we were told no - the afternoon tea setup are the tables by the smoky casino in the way back. Sigh.Afternoon tea is a lot of food for $35 a person. Your choice of 4 sandwiches, some dessert-like teensy pastry treats, and 4 scones with clotted cream and butter. The china was beautiful and Bellagio-branded, and the presentation very good. Just wish the seating was not so far away from the Chihuly flowers and the piano... They need to improve the location of afternoon tea. Really.
5	This is one of the best lounge bars in town.  The atmosphere is elegant, the piano players are top notch, and the head barman is one of the bestest in the business.  People sitting next to you are always willing to have a chat, and while the food is pricey it is really really good.  I stop by here every time I am in Vegas to experience something civilized...I even brought me mom here for champagne on her 60th birthday. It's just that kind of place.  Everyone can experience something that feels elegant and sophisticated in the midst of the fanny packs and naughtiness.
5	Afternoon Tea Service?  Yes, please.  Even though we decided on a whim that we wanted to partake, they sat us down without a fuss.  However, we were seated in our own, out-of-the-way section.  Possibly because we had just returned from an afternoon of sunning by the pool and were still in our bikinis!  High tea and bikini-clad women do not seem to go together, but there we were!  Sipping tea and eating scones half-naked wasn't a bad way to spend an afternoon.Everything was delicious.  And for a little extra, you could pass on the tea and substitute champagne.  You don't have to make that offer twice to me!
5	Priorities are in order.I give this place five stars on the sole basis that I can go here at three o'clock in the morning and get some pretty darn good bubbly by the glass.    The insane people watching at the Bellagio is an added treat.Haven't tried the tea.   If i wake up before 3pm I'll go someday.
4	Ratings for the Afternoon Tea Service. Great service, old classy charm ambiance, and amazing tea. When the tray tower makes its way over, you can't help but feel excited. The scones were delicious and the fun part is deciding whether you want to top it with the lemon curd, devon cream, or the mini honey & jams on the table. The mini sandwiches were tasty but had more potential to be even better. It's difficult as they make the stuff at the buffet kitchen and bring it over to the bar. The golden oolong was aromatic and delicately sweet. Definitely it hurt a bit when the bill came but then again, what do you expect high tea-ing it at the Bellagio.
5	I'll admit, I'm still learning about this whole romance thing.  I wanted to surprise my now-wife with a trip to Vegas, and also made the decision that I was going to purchase her ring and propose while there.  Long story short, I got the ring, but then didn't want to hold on to it any longer than necessary, so went and proposed right then and there at the Forum Shops in Caesars Palace.  Probably not every girl's fantasy, but it did work out quite well.What may have been lacking in romance there, I'd like to think I made up for with a post-proposal trip to Petrossian.  It's a great little place where you can get a bottle of Dom and some of the world's finest caviar brought to you.  It still ranks as the most money I've ever spent for a meal (and if you look at my reviews, that's saying something), but it was the perfect way to celebrate that most special of occasions.
5	My rating is for the Afternoon Tea.We made reservations for Wednesday at 3pm so it was nice and quiet. First we chose the teas. We had the Lavender, Jasmin and Oolong tea. Mild and aromatic.Then we chose our tea sandwiches which were pretty good but the scones with the devonshire cream and lemon curd were so delicious!  yummm!!! (Definitely a must try!) They also served some sweet mini deserts which were very good. Overall Service was great and attentive and everything tasted great.
3	If you can sit at the bar, you should. The hardest part is getting by the really bitchy chick at the reservation stand. Her customer service was the worst I have seen in a while. Luckily I hovered behind this couple until their seats were free. The Bartenders are nice and the bar was relaxing, classy and fun. Cheese plate was a bit small for the cash but it is Vegas and really had to find a bargain unless you want to do a buffet. I am not that kind of girl.
2	This review is just for the afternoon tea.  Sandwiches were bland and unspectacular.  Scone's were hard.  Desserts varied from subpar to pretty decent.  The worst part was the tea which was not even as good as good as what you can get from Pete's.  It wasn't even just my tea.  I went in a group of ten and tried some of the other ones and they were all just okay.  What you really get is decor and ambiance but honestly the place is located in the middle of a casino and there is casino visibly all around you even when you are seated inside.  I can't say ingredients are much better or quality was better... nothing was really better to justify the price premiums.   Even service was only average.I gave an extra star though cause i did like the lemon custard.  Try to always find a positive.  It helps you get through life.
5	Afternoon tea seekers:We loved this place. In the afternoon, you can enjoy the lovely afternoon tea and sandwiches/sweets. Service is delightful. The only thing missing was the British accent. Make sure to make a reservation in advance.
5	The petrossian bar and lounge in the Bellagio may be the single best people watching spot on earth.  So many different types of people walking by , so many of them completely crazy.  Very entertaining.  It is the best place to have a drink and apps.  The bartenders are all masters, especially Mike.  And, try the petrossian smokes salmon topped with  caviar.  Unbelievable, perfect salmon on fresh little potato cakes and a variety of excellent accent toppings.  Truly the best smoked salmon I've ever had.  Get on a plane , go here.   Sit, have a drink and enjoy.
5	I've walked by this bar in the Bellagio frequently and I've always been drawn to the gorgeous Steinway piano but I never had a chance to go inside. The bar itself has an vintage 1900's posh feel to it, which I loved. It felt like I stepped into a time machine and you could visualize men in smoking jackets sipping on whiskey and cigars in a sepia toned photograph. Perhaps that could be a slight exaggeration but I have a good imagination :)After going to the Gallery of Fine Art we had time to kill before our dinner reservations and we went here to do so. The Petrossian Bar blew my mind with their cocktails, let me tell you. We had an attentive cocktail waitress and both ended up ordering the Beleza which was Cachaca, Barcardi Limon, mudded basil, salt and pepper and ginger ale garnished with a lemon wheel. It was absolutely phenomenal. Most of the cocktail list is formatted with award winning mixologist recipes, this being one of them. The flavors were unexpected, sweet, with a little bit of a kick. We just leaned back in the uber plush leather chairs, listened to an amazing piano player, and people watched. I browsed the menu a little, and was a little bummed we were going to dinner because everything sounded delicious. The service was fantastic and after reading the other reviews I would love to go back and try their Afternoon Tea Service. 5 stars because I love places like this that are a little different but absolutely fantastic. :)
4	kinda pricey for the ambiance, since it's right next to the casino floor in the bellagio, but the afternoon tea there is relaxed and noisey... the service is great and the food is great too... it's definitely a great place to people watch...
4	The foie gras with truffle oil was excellent.  The caviar was pretty expensive, because it's super small, like one tiny little bite costs around $30.   I would like to try the smoke salmon appetizer next time.
3	Located into Bellagio near the lobby, I always walked by but never knew it was an afternoon tea place. Obviously, most afternoon tea places are overpriced so being that this is Vegas, it was expected that it's more on the pricey side. That aside, the sandwiches were pretty darn good. There are 8 sandwiches to choose from and each person gets a choice of 4 so my boyfriend and I decided to try all 8. It comes with other things such as pastries, scones and little desserts. Everything is seriously bite size so don't come here hungry but it's good to try anyway. All the sandwiches were good but these three were the ones that stood out to me:1.       Alaskan crab salad with avocado on brioche2.       Smoked salmon with caviar on pumpernickel bread3.       Smoked turkey, brie and cranberryPretty good but pretty overpriced for what it is. But if you don't mind that, then I think you'll enjoy this place :)
1	Food ( including caviar) was not even close to the quality they claim to have. I am Russian and know how good caviar taste like and it's definitely far away from petrossian's((((( Want some good black caviar - go to New York and buy it in Brighton beach ( any) Russian store under the table )))) Foie gras what petrossian's sell - is a canned kind you can get same place in Brighton beach up to $10.00 a can! Better- order Foie gras in a Russian restaurant ( I love it on a butter toast with a piece of fried pineapple and with black currant sauce). Was not impressed, not even satisfied and definitely overpaid ((( But maybe tastes differ, may be i should have tried their tea and sandwiches...
5	I love this piano bar.  Perfect for people watching at the Bellagio.
4	I went here for afternoon drinks.  We didn't order any food since we were about to go to dinner, but we did enjoy the snacks we got with our drinks!  As, far as our drinks go they were right on par.  We really enjoyed their selection of cocktails.The atmosphere on the inside is very elegant despite the fact that you're more or less embedded in the casino.  The piano created a nice ambiance.  If I were to go back again I would go for afternoon tea so I can give their food a try.
5	This bar is located right across from the registration desk at Bellagio. Great place for people watching. You're in the crowd yet you're out of it. The drinks are superb. They don't water them down. The service is efficient and courteous. The waitress arrived right after I sat down and brought me two menus. She returned again once I was ready to order and once I ordered my drink she asked whether I was interested in ordering snacks (No). My drink was brought to me within 5 minutes -- and lo and behold -- it arrived with a small sampler of dry snacks (almonds, popcorn, small crackers). I was so pleased with the drinks and service here that I spend 2 hours here and had 3 drinks. There was a guy cranking out nice tunes on the piano. The whole atmosphere was just great. After going to many loud bars with snotty servers and bartenders in Vegas this was a refreshing experience. The Petrossian is not cheap, but it's not too expensive either once you consider the drinks, the service, and the atmosphere.
3	This is kind of a cool little spot to grab a drink and watch the crowds go by in the Bellagio.
4	A nice location for people watching and expensive drinks.  I like the Baccarat Bar better during the day and Fontana in the evening, but I do enjoy the pianist.  I keep threatening to try the afternoon tea, but haven't yet.
5	This is hands down my husband and my favorite place in the world.  It is the perfect place to relax with a drink listening to the phenomonal pianists (Whitney Phoenix is our absolute favorite).  As mentioned in other reviews, it is also great for people watching since it is located right in between the Bellagio lobby and casino.  The drinks are delicious- the bartenders know how to make them right and the complimentary snack tray is always great.  We always have great service here and will continue to come back again and again.
1	Arrived at 12:50 am, yes a little late.  Was hoping to try the caviar and a nice drink.  Asked the host who seated us if it was too late to do so, she ensured us it was not.  Waitress finally arrived at our table around 1:04 ish, about same time I'm getting ready to get up and walk out.She tells us kitchen closes at 1 am, so we cannot have anything but a drink.She may be able to get me the $200 caviar and some toast, but she'll have to beg the kitchen person who will get pretty mad at her.We left, was not worth it to us especially as we had been kept waiting for a good amount of time without even a hello.One star because I have to give you something.
4	I'm definitely not the target group for the Petrossian Bar, yet I've grown to like this Bellagio bar.  My first experience was with a prolific porn director who treated my friends and I to a few round of drinks.  Fast forward a year and we found ourselves back at Petrossian.  My friends and I neglected to indulge in caviar or other white man activities and stuck to booze.I ordered a Long Beach, while my friend ordered a Johnny Walker Black, and an imported brew.  The price on my Long Beach was a little steep ($15), yet my friend's Johnny Walker was a reasonable $12.  Petrossian is a classy lounge that's in the lobby of the Bellagio and is great for people watching late at night, especially as the bar is open all night long.  I suggest coming late at night (1am) as the clubbers make their way to The Bank or other neighboring clubs.
4	Perfect spot for when you want to get away from the families and the club rats.  Truly a grown-up place to have a drink.  Definitely a fan.Drinks are good, although service is laughably slow.  Piano was a nice touch, although the guy playing the night that we were there didn't really have a clue what he was doing.  Also really good if you want to try caviar for the first time (like me).
4	I very nice place to go for a little caviar and champagne if the slots have been kind to you. And they were not to me, but it was our honeymoon and we wanted to indulge in some caviar. They give you all the condiments too, plus a choice of toast points and blini. Really nice.
4	I come here a lot when I'm in Vegas.  Very classy and beautifully decorated place.  During the daytime, they have a very good pianist.  During the evening, the piano is clamped shut so that drunk frat boys can't play it as an initiation prank.Great selection of cocktails, non-alcoholic cocktails, wines, spirits, and cigars.  I've had a spectacular aviation cocktail, some Balvenie 21-year, a glass of some sort of Sauternes, and approximately a quarter inch of my friend's Montecristo cigar.  If it's something that classy people consume, they have it here.  Haven't tried the food.If you get an outside-ish seat near the piano, it's a great place for people watching and playing the Spot-the-hooker game.
5	Had a cigar and whiskey last night here. One of the best places to people watch.
2	This review is specifically for the Afternoon Tea that is offered at the Petrossian Bar.  Reservations are a must - I recommend at least three days in advance.  The Bellagio is my favorite hotel/casino property in Vegas.  It screams class with elegance and between the graceful fountains, the nothing-to-prove Italian decor, and the opulence of the conservatory, not to mention the splendor of the Cirque du Soleil "O" show... it's just out of this world.  The Petrossian Bar is an extension of the bar right out of NYC, known for it's Sunday caviar tasting, elegance, and supper-club feel.  It is a great place to relax, pre-dinner/pre-show, enjoy a cigar, have a nice glass of scotch, listen to the piano, people-watch...That said - it has NO BUSINESS doing an afternoon tea!  NONE!It doesn't matter how the food tasted (decent) or the tea selection (average), or the service (forgettable), because eleven feet away from you is a slot machine going DING DING DING DING!  And smokers!  And flashing lights and there is -nothing- relaxing or sophisticated or magic about this tea WHAT. SO. EVER.  Just a disappointment from beginning to end.  Bellagio!  Take this sad attempt at a tea time and move it to the Cafe!  Shut off a section of the cafe that overlooks the plants and conservatory and put it there!  At least there will at least be a visual with no slot machines, smoke, or other elements that otherwise destroy a grasp of tranquility!***This is currently the lowest rated Afternoon Tea in Vegas on my list.  Feel free to check out my other reviews to compare.***
4	We did a lot of running around on this trip to Vegas. It was my birthday and my husband had every minute planned out for us, including High Tea at the Petrossian Bar. I love hot tea and we both enjoy going to these little places for a tea lunch. We were both looking forward to it.Oh my gosh... what a lovely service. It was just the ticket for a lovely, relaxing afternoon meal amid all the rushing around we did during our stay. Even though the area we sat in sat right off the casino floor, it seemed as if all the bells and noises were somewhat muffled so we could truly enjoy a somewhat genteel experience. One may choose from a selection of teas, sandwiches, scones and tea pastries all included in one meal. There's enough goodies for a man to eat and feel as if he's eaten something substantial, but not so much one walks (or rolls) away bloated to the gills. And it was all elegantly presented. We felt very special. :o)At the time, reservations were required and it seems they rope off a certain area for those who would be participating in the High Tea experience which is offered only at a certain time of the day. We loved it, and would go there again.
4	After being stuck on a plane for hours and then being stuck in a check-in line that seemed to last for hours, this man and his lady needed some snacks and a nice drink to make the world seem right.  We were able to belly right up to the bar and eat some cheese, some cured pig parts, and a nice tuna tartare.  The whiskey selection is just OK, but I was able to find something pretty decent and tossed back a couple while the girl drank mimosas.  What guy doesn't feel manly when he's surrounded by beautiful girls, drinking whiskey and listening to a guy with a brilliant white mane playing Celine Dion on a baby grand piano?  I wanted to pound on my chest just like Celine while I was sitting there eating my overpriced snacks and drinking halfway decent whiskey.  I hate Vegas, but if I had to go back I'd go to Petrossian Bar.
5	The bartenders anywhere at The Bellagio are top notch, however, the bartenders here take things to the next level.  We had drinks here a few times, and each time, I felt as though I were transported back to a time where customer service and quality mattered much more than trendy drinks and name dropping.  Great place!
4	This is a specific review, for a specific drink, at a specific bar. So with that in mind, here we go:Rolled up to the Petrossian after an absolutely fantastic couple of hours at a craps table. The extremely polite and knowledgable bartender served me the best Sidecar I've ever, EVER had. Smooth, mellow, not too sweet, this Sidecar slipped down like honey. Feeling swanky? Petrossian Bar - Sidecar. That's all you need to know.
3	Okay -- I have to say this review has to come in 2 parts: One for the service and the other for the food because they are diametrically opposed to each other for me on this visit...Hubby and I decided to start our evening out early and with some Caviar and Champagne. We had flown in earlier that day and were in need of something a bit extravagant. We sat at the bar at around 5:30pm and although there were people there, it was definitely off hours. There were 2 bartenders there, and they handed us menus quickly but it took them a little while to actually get back to us and and take our drink order, even though there were maybe 3 other people at the bar. Finally an older gentleman approached us and took our drink order. He immediately made 2 very delicious dirty martini's and we drank while perusing the menu. Having our minds made up, we again waited quite a long time for someone to come back and take our order. The other guy - a younger guy - was telling everyone that he wasnt normally there and was standing in for the regular bartender. When the older bartender left to go on break, this guy - who frankly didn't care about working very hard - didn't bother checking in with us even though we had this menu in front of us for at least 20 minutes. I finally was asking anyone around me if I could PLEASE get an order in. The "manager" - a small lady with dark hair - took my order and we finally just got an ounce of their middle of the road caviar. The caviar with all the side trimmings was excellent and the glass of champagne with it was really great. What really bugs me is that this was no cheap ticket for 2 glasses of champagne and caviar. Why wouldn't I expect and get top notch service if I'm spending this kind of money on what really is an appetizer??? I left a small tip on purpose and wrote on the receipt, "Service left a LOT to be desired" And I meant it. I had been to Petrossian in San Francisco and it was a great experience. This was nothing like what it should have been with the exception of the caviar quality.
4	I like coming here every time I visit Las Vegas. It's a good spot for people watching while you sip on your martini or drink of choice and listen to the piano player. They also give you snacks to munch on including popcorn and almonds. The chairs are comfy. The servers aren't always very friendly. That's why I give it 4 stars.
5	This bar is about as classy as it gets. It may seem cheesy that there is a man playing love songs on a grand piano, but a couple of Cable Cars in, the piano melodies almost become hypnotic. This bar is famous for their Cable Cars, a spiced rum cocktail served with a cinnamon/sugar rimmed martini glass. They also make a fantastic Scooby Shot. I am not sure what they do, but it tastes almost like a tropical milkshake...creamy and delicious. If you want to snack, the smoked salmon and caviar plate is out of this world good. OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD, i said!
2	Nice bar but expensive.  Not a great location for tea time.  Went to tea time a while back, really bad place for it.  Afternoon tea should not be overlooking the casino.Went back recently.  Was killing time.  I asked if they could seat just 1.  I was put at a table by the bar.  It took forever to get waited on.Don't go there if you are a single middle aged woman!
4	Came here for a late night snack and everything was fabulous.  We had to wait about 30 minutes, so we just grabbed a drink at one of Bellagio's numerous other bars. I don't remember everything we ordered, but we had the cucumber roll, the charcuterie plate, the cheese plate, and the foie terrine.  The cucumber roll was really light and delightful, and the foie terrine was just buttery heaven in my mouth. It's a nice place for some fancy snacks at all hours.Service was generally pretty good, although it was hard to flag down our waitress at times.
4	Petrossian Bar should win the award for best people-watching bar in Vegas.  Located just off the lobby of the Bellagio, it's the perfect spot to sit with a martini (or tea and crumpets if you want tea service) and watch people walk through the lobby or the gaming floor.  And if you get tired of watching people--you're sitting near the awe-inspiring lobby's Chihuly glass ceiling sculpture.The bar itself is decent--liquor selection is a little sparse (stocked with the liquor standards, but no pleasant surprises or smaller distilleries)-- and the price is over-the-top expensive (but c'mon, you expect that from the Bellagio).  But you're paying for ritz and a piano player.The food menu is not particularly interesting, but it's an excellent spot to sit and observe human nature.
4	We had dinner reservations the night we came to the Petrossian Bar, so we were looking for a quick bite and a cocktail.  We had a lovely snack, the Chef's choice cheese plate and Beef Carpaccio.  The Beef Carpaccio was wonderful, but not a big portion, I would have like a little more.  The cheese plate was the perfect size.  We tend to sit at Bars, they are often much friendlier than tables, and we had a great time chatting with the Bartender, who hooked me up with tastes of several different Bourbons.  It's a little expensive, but really, we're at the Bellagio and expensive sort of comes with the territory.
4	I had a comp for HIgh Tea at the Petrossian Bar at the Bellagio and went this afternoon.  High tea was something I've wanted to do for a long time but my wife was not interested and some other people I spoke to about going were not enthusiastic.  "Meh" was a common word.  OK then, I'll go myself.  Playing myVegas on Facebook, I earned enough points to redeem for the High Tea for one.I made a reservation for 2 PM.  I went to the mLife club at about 1:15 and after giving her my confirmation number, I had my comp and had time to walk around the Bellagio and watch tourists.  It's great people watching.At 1:55, I went to the podium at the entrance to the Petrossian, she checked her roster and saw I had a reservation, and she took me to a table that had been set up for one.  She gave me the menu, a quick explanation, and said my server would be by soon.The rules, if you will, are each person gets to choose four finger and/or open faced sandwiches.  Each person gets two scones and three mini pastries.  And of course, there's the tea which you pick from a selection on the next page in the menu.   For sandwiches, I ordered (1) Smoked turkey, brie, and black grapes on a cranberry bread; (2) chickpea panella, roasted red pepper, green olive mayo on spiced bread; (3) Alaskan king crab and avocado on brioche; and (4) Smoked salmon topped with Transmontanous Oscietra caviar on pumpernickel bread.  (descriptions are from the menu).  My favorite was the smoked turkey.  The cranberry bread was very tasty.  All four made good bites and had good flavors.There were two cranberry scones and with the scones came three mini containers with clotted cream, butter, and lemon curd.  These were for use with the scones.  The scones were luscious.  They were much better than you get at coffee stores.  Very fresh, very high in butter content, and baked perfectly.  I didn't use any of the butter.  I tried the clotted cream and the lemon curd.  Hands down, the lemon curd was a winner!The three small pastries were nice to help fill me up. The best of these was a small chocolate, custard tart that had a chocolate coffee bean in shape and taste on top.  This was the winner of this bunch.   For tea, I chose the loose leaf Darjeeling.  My server, Mary Ann, was very pleasant and came around and poured more hot water into my teapot and I was able to sit after the sandwiches and pastries and enjoy the Bellagio again watching tourists go by.A few things about the experience.  Even though they have the live pianist, where I was seated, it's enough distance away that it was not so easy to hear them play.  The casino music easily drowned out the pianist but that didn't spoil anything--that's just an observation. Second, men's fingers are not built for tea cups like this.  I don't expect a diner type coffee cup, but to pick up my cup, I look like I had just come in from the barn and was sitting down to have some of ma's good tea.  I'm glad I had the comp.  At $35 per person plus tax, I may not have done it on my own.  It is something one should do just for the experience.  Go with friends and chat and laugh and share and I think it would be a lot more fun.
4	Piano bar off the lobby and casino at the Bellagio. Even though it's in the middle of everything, it felt like a little oasis of calm amidst the hustle & bustle.
5	There are few things in life that you will probably only do once- unless you have mad money and can swing it. We scored a deal on the Vodka and Caviar tasting at the Petrossian. Not a cheap tasting at $105 for three vodkas and three separate types of caviar but let me tell you, it was totally worth it even without the deal. The live piano music and the ambience of the Bar was fantastic- even made you forget that you were mere feet from the center of the action in Bellagio. Our server was super friendly and she checked on us often for drinks and whatever else we might need. I can't stress enough the great time we had and I would recommend this place to anyone. My beautiful date and I couldn't have asked for a more enjoyable afternoon.
3	Great people watching right at the main entrance and lobby of the Bellagio. They do afternoon tea, which I sadly missed, but the drinks and small food was good. They get bonus points for great service because I knew they would be busy so I called them from a cab and asked to put my name in for a table and that I'd be there in 15 minutes. Our table was ready right when we walked up!
4	HIGH TEA!Me and my BF had comps for high tea at the Petrossian Bar, and I was so excited to dine here!  The restaurant is slightly raised (a couple steps) above the casino floor and overlooks the casino slot machines.  Haha, an interesting view, but you do get a lot of feet traffic and I freaked out when I saw Kourtney Kardashian, her mom, and BF Scott Disick (as a Kardashian fan, I had to throw this in here haha).First we chose our tea from a nice selection.  I had jasmine and my BF had earl gray.  They were both loose teas so we were equipped with fancy silver strainers to make sure the leaves didn't get in our cups!  Talk about fancy!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petrossian-bar-las-vegas?select=4B5Ec4VTXty--_Vco9njNw#4B5Ec4VTXty--_Vco9njNwWe got to choose four finger sandwiches each.  Between the two of us, we had:Smoked turkey, brie, and black grapes on cranberry breadBayonne ham and gruyere cheese, dijon butter on rye breadClassic egg salad, topped with quail egg on white breadAlaskan king crab salad, avocado on briocheSmoked salmon topped with transmontanous osetra caviar on pumpernickel breadhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petrossian-bar-las-vegas?select=LugPdrVwQQ9EkVVFf9hAlA#LugPdrVwQQ9EkVVFf9hAlAThe sandwiches were probably only about 2"x2" at the most, but so DIVINE!  Every bite was the perfect taste and texture and so satisfying for such little bites.  Somehow everything tasted buttery and rich, in a decadent way.We also got a few desserts with our high tea tower: mini cheesecake, fruit tart, and a lemon tart cake thing, but I didn't eat any of it (I'm not a sweets person).  My BF said the cheesecake was delish though!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petrossian-bar-las-vegas?select=LugPdrVwQQ9EkVVFf9hAlA#F_Ecvp70fDUuEzIViZ6KhAWe also got two cranberry scones each, served with lemon curd, cream, and butter.  They came out PIPING HOT (=fresh?)!  Very good for scones (I generally don't like scones) and more light tasting than ones I've tried.  As the meal went on and we focused our attention on the sandwiches, the scones got hard and less pleasant to eat...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/petrossian-bar-las-vegas?select=LugPdrVwQQ9EkVVFf9hAlA#NydVYplRPn_PmSG2ct3M7gI figured since it was high tea aka dainty small sandwiches and scones, it would be a pretty light meal, so I made the reservation for 2:30pm as a sort of interim meal between brunch and dinner.  But WHOA that meal was so filling!  We ended up having to push back our dinner reservations by almost two hours!All in all, a great experience, especially for high tea lovers like me!  One of the best high tea places I've been to!
5	Bartender John #17 was very fast and made you feel welcomed. Will be back for more!
3	We came here because I love high tea and we were able to get a comp for this place.Located inside Bellagio next to the lobby and the casino area, this place can be easy to miss. We originally had an earlier reservation but called to move it an hour later since we were running late. Well we went to the MLife counter and claimed our comps for our 4:30 reservation. We got there and this oh so snooty hostess lady whos probably in her 30's told us that their high tea closes at 4 pm and that our reservation was for 4 and not 4:30. I told her that I was next to my husband when he said 4:30 then she proceeded to argue with us that they said 4 pm. Okay..whatevers lady (rule of thumb, never argue with your customers)..so I asked the lady if theres any way we can still have the high tea since we are leaving that night and our comp will expire. She said she'll ask and left the booth never to return.The two of us stood next to their podium for about 15 minutes before someone led us inside. In between this time, two other couples were greeted and seated so other patrons were probably wondering why we were just standing around..can you say awkward...Finally when we did make it in our tea was set up and our waitress was wonderful so my stars are for her actually. She was the only person who didn't make us feel out of place in this pretentious place. We got the two people serving so we each chose three flavors of mini sandwiches and shared the pastries. The food was really so so though and my peach oolong tea (can't remember exact tea) was not exciting at all. My three stars was given because they actually still gave us our high tea although we were "late", our server was sweet, and lastly because of the interior ambience and setup.
5	I always want to try the Afternoon high tea at Mandarin Oriental, but I'm too cheap. I don't want to spend $$$ for it. We've been playing the free MyVegas game on facebook a lot and we had enough points to redeemed for Afternoon High Tea at The Bellagio for both of us. I was so thrilled.I made reservation couple weeks in advanced. I was so excited on the afternoon of high tea time. I even put on my nicest dress. We got seated right away and I noticed how empty the place was. All of the tables had reservation signs on them. This is really high class frou frou activity that I usually don't care of doing. The server presented us with menu of teas and finger sandwiches. I forgot which two we ordered, we pretty much got our own teapots, and ordered both menus. I love everything from scones, to finger sandiwches, and to their petite desserts.We were stuffed. I swore, my belly grew two sizes from couple hours of indulging in this fiesta. Service was very very good even when we told them we had vouchers so our meals would be free. They didn't care and still gave us excellent service. We will be back and I highly recommend this experience to all of you. Do it once and you will be happy that you do it.
5	I have always wanted to do an afternoon tea so why not go to one in Las Vegas? My boyfriend made a reservation for 2. When we walked in and sat down, our waitress explained the menu and how we can choose 4 sandwiches each and a pot of tea each. The small desserts were chosen by the chef and the afternoon tea also came with warm scones. I had the Smoked Turkey with brie and black grapes on cranberry bread, Bayonne ham and gruyere cheese with dijon butter on rye bread, alaskan king crab salad with avocado on brioche, and smoked salmon topped with transmontanous osietra caviar on pumpernickel bread. I know the names are very long but they were very detailed on the menu. Out of these, I think I liked the smoked turkey one the most, it was delicate but reminded me of a heavy thanksgiving dinner. The rest of the sandwiches were also very good. My boyfriend really liked his watercress, mint mousse and cucumber on white bread. It was really tasty and simple. He actually liked it so much he ordered 4 for togo. The desserts that were chosen for us were fruit tart, a passion fruit cake, a chocolate cake and some sort of mousse in a chocolate cup. I really liked the fruit tart because the fruit were sweet and the tart was crunchy and not too sweet. The custard or filling went well with the fruits and the tart. The passion fruit cake was also very good.As for the scones, I like how they were warm and fresh out of the oven, but I wish it was not as sweet as it was. I tried the scone with the clotted cream and it made it better but it was still sweeter than I would like.Overall, this was a great experience and I would love to do it again one day =]
5	First time at an afternoon tea. You get to pick a tea, four sandwiches (very small finger sandwiches, lest you think about skipping a meal to fill up on those things...), and the chef chooses some pastries and scones.I made a reservation and we were promptly seated and our orders taken. The service was quick and friendly, and the food and atmosphere were great. My favorite part of the whole thing was the watercress sandwiches. So....good...So, I like protein. Steak, ham, chicken, lamb, you name it. But these little delicate watercress sandwiches, with nothing but a cucumber on top...totally won me over. So much so that I actually ordered some extra to take back to my hotel with me.At $40 per person, it is a bit steep for the aforementioned foodstuffs. However, for the experience as a whole, I would pay that price to have another afternoon tea at this place. Definitely worth it. Next time, I might try some of their other offerings!
3	Want to meet the jetset older crowd? Come here. It's good people watching and you're basically in the lobby of the Bellagio so you'll get a lot of it. The pianists on duty when I was there were all very talented. One of them made the rounds through the bar introducing himself and taking music requests. It's definitely not a place for the club kids. It's where parents like to meet their kids before dinner and before they go their separate ways on a vacation.
5	Enjoy this place period! Always great, to listen to some piano but can get really loud from people passing by! Great place in the evening.
5	great spot to people watch and listen to piano music.  Staff was friendly and the service was good.
5	Classy bar. Love the vibe in this Vegas location. The piano players have always been top notch. Can't say I am a big fan of Vegas but I'm a fan of this place.
5	I came here with a visiting friend one afternoon.  It is a little pricey, but it is definitely well worth it.  The table set up is very nice.  You get a selection of 4 mini sandwhiches, some pastries, and some scones along with many different types of jelly and other spreads.  When the tier of goodies came to our table, I was thinking that it would be a nice snack.  I was definitely full when we were finished and everything was delicious.  I got the oolong tea and it was great as well.  A great way to relax and unwind on an afternoon.  It's making me want to have afternoon tea at my house from now on!  I have yet to try other afternoon tea's in the valley, but this so far is a must go!
5	It's a good bar with impeccable service.
3	Beautiful venue but I think hosting afternoon tea in a venue that overlooks a casino really ruins the ambiance. Service was slow and we later discovered it was because they were shorthanded but felt that this was something they should have mentioned beforehand. The sandwich selection was nice and they were quite good. The scones were crusty and stale. The desserts were good but not great. Glad I checked it out but not a place I would come back to for tea.
5	Second time here, impeccable service and yummy cocktails. Live piano music ads to the atmosphere.
2	I think I will just stick with the Baccarat Bar in the Bellagio instead of Petrossian. At least there wasn't mold in my raspberries and the server was better. Not sure why the cocktail at the Petrossian was priced a bit higher than the one at Baccarat. I'll just have my Bella Peach cocktails minus the mold at Baccarat, which also has a live pianist.
2	This is a review of their Afternoon Tea service.  I thought it would be fun and different to do tea in a casino, and it was, but I've definitely experienced better tea service elsewhere, emphasis on the word "service."  That is what really brought this experience down.  Our server was not all that friendly, and just not around.  They were understaffed that day, but as Mel L. said, that could have been mentioned to us at the start.  Our server brought our tea out without saying a word and walked right off while I guess I wasn't paying attention, so I was sitting there for minutes not realizing that our tea had been brought out!  Usually they'll pour the first cup for you, but our server did not.  Someone also usually comes by to ask if teapot refills are needed, but no one did.  It took awhile for us to flag someone down so that we could get more hot water.  The ambiance was different for sure, and smoky.  I thought it would be ok since we were tucked off in a corner sort of but it was pretty overwhelming.  Also, the table next to us was occupied two separate times by out-of-town senior citizen gamblers who were not discreet in looking over at our table to check the tea set-up out and who held loud conversations about us (well, our whole table spread).  Talking about us but not to us basically, fun.  (More than half the people were there for bar service rather than tea service.)As for the tea and food, tea is tea to me lol.  It was fine.  The sandwiches here are really good.  You have your pick of I think four sandwiches if I recall correctly.  There were two categories of sandwiches (again if I recall correctly) and you could pick and choose from each.  I picked from the second category which might have been vegetarian/seafood and I really liked all of my picks.  I basically picked sandwiches whose ingredients sounded familiar because there were some doozy ingredients in the other category!  :p  As for their scones, I thought you couldn't go wrong with scones but I guess you can.  I wasn't a fan of theirs (cranberry I think?) and they were hard as a rock.  As for the desserts, I have yet to come across desserts at afternoon tea that are good.  I'm glad I tried this place out, but even though I loved their tea sandwiches I doubt I would return.  If they ever decide to move their tea service to a nicer, less smoky place in the hotel (why not facing the conservatory or the lake?) and focus solely on tea (or at least not focus on the bar and bar goers) and the whole experience (quiet, relaxing, non-smoky ambiance where people won't be staring and talking about you and your food!), I would consider returning.
4	WHO: For all of you who are 21 and older, and have never gone/done a TEA PARTY! =)WHERE: Located inside the Bellagio Hotel/Casino right by the hotel lobby and the Observatory.WHEN: The bar is open 24/7. For afternoon tea, it is preferred to call in and reserve. Tea is served from 1pm-4pm daily. So get on and RESERVE!WHAT: I have officially fell in love with tea parties! A couple days ago, we decided we wanted to try a new spot; PETROSSIAN IT IS! We came in a group of 6 and were seated. They had pianos around the bar, but unluckily they did not have pianists the time we went.Tea Service for each person was $35, which came with your choice of tea per person, and a 3 tier tower of goodies! (Which was definitely my favorite part). The tea treats were all really unique and decadent! From the crab, ham & cheese, and even salmon sandwiches; to the freshly made scones; and the fruit tarts, pumpkin cake, cheesecakes, and tiramisu... it was definitely worth the experience.COME AND TRY IT OUT. IT IS SUCH A GREAT TIME ESPECIALLY WITH A GROUP OF FRIENDS, GREAT CONVERSATION, LAUGHS, AND MOST OF ALL... TEA & TREATS!Don't forget... PINKIES UP!
4	Always great people watching, martinis and of course caviar. When you need some adult time with a bit of pretentious high class feel come here. Piano playing in the background high priced drinks, a variety of salty snacks to keep you thirsty and the option for caviar this is the place. Im not going to lie and say I paid for my drinks or pricey snacks. It's the perks that comes along with my job so I have no choice but to enjoy it. Hahahaa.
5	Petrossian Bar is a little gem when it comes to having an elegant but nonchalant affair with friends (Or your significant other if you're into that sort of thing together)We made reservations for 2 PM. tea time for 4  and because we got caught up in Vegas traffic, showed up @ 2:30pm. The hostess was gracious enough to ask the kitchen whether they could accommodate us even though we showed up late (they do this because their sandwiches, pastries, scones are freshly made for you).They have a variety of sandwiches and are very good with accommodating people with food allergies (Our group had 1 person allergic to chocolate and all nuts). The tea set up is super cute with Tiffany-colored stripes!Each person picks one tea (to share), 4 sandwiches , 2 pastries (Chef's choice) and 2 scones. For the price, this place is definitely worth it! The experience of sitting tucked away in a London-looking/Old-World-Feeling bar in the middle of the Bellagio casino floor is surreal. The sandwiches were great (King Salmon was my favorite), the scones were on-point, the pastries were delicious and the jams they provide to go with all of your carbs are out of this world!We will all be returning here every time we're in town!
3	We went for high tea on Monday.  Initially we ordered a green tea that was described as having peach notes and a sweet flavor.  The tea ended up being bitter and awful.  They graciously replaced our pots and I really loved the 'relax' mint tea.  We were given a selection of tea sandwiches (you get to choose 4 off the menu of 8) and pastries.  We also had the joy of listening to another patron argue with the staff about accommodating her food 'preferences'.  She was being pretty difficult but they handled it well.After waiting over 30 minutes to be served our food, a cute 3 tiered stand of treats appeared.  My first bite, into the king crab sandwich, was full of shell...which just left me apprehensive of the rest of the snacks.  The scones were delicious and the pastries were good.  It was a relaxing little afternoon, but I doubt I would ever go back.
5	I have always wanted to experience high tea and finally had the chance when Heather K. joined the army and plans to leave Vegas in 2 weeks.  We had been talking about it for a year but I finally had to book it when she told me her last day in town was so soon.  I researched all of the local options and decided to make reservations here at the Petrossian Bar in the Bellagio.  When I called and mentioned the date, the staff member on the phone initially laughed because I selected mother's day unbeknownst to me.  It turns out there was availability so we settled on 1:30 PM.  The reservation staff asked about dietary restrictions, which impressed me, since Heather K. is a vegetarian and I don't eat pork.  When we arrived, both the hostperson and the server were aware of this!Heather K. and I met at the Petrossian Bar, dressed up including our hats (mine a cloche, hers a fascinator with tulle).  The $35 price per person includes choice of tea, choice of 4 mini sandwiches, 2 scones per person and 3 pastries per person.  Come hungry, seriously!  You can add champagne on for an additional fee.I ordered the tung ting oolong (green with hints of peach aroma) and Heather K. the darjeeling.  There were loose leaf and bagged tea options, but trust me, go loose leaf here.  We were provided dishes and mugs that seemed playful, perhaps from Alice in Wonderland.  Our table was adorned with mini preserves, honey, lemon curd, clotted cream, and butter.  The tea strainers with drip cups were so beautiful.  There were actually 8 sandwich options, 3 of which were vegetarian.  Heather K. got 2 chickpea, 1 egg salad, and 1 watercress-cucumber.  I got the egg salad (topped with hard boiled quail egg), 1 watercress-cucumber (with mint mousse), 1 smoked salmon topped with oscietra caviar, and 1 Alaskan king crab with avocado.A three-tiered platter soon came to our table, with 4 cranberry scones on the top tier, 6 assorted pastries in the middle, and our 8 mini sandwiches on the bottom.  We were given silver tongs to serve ourselves the treats.  Meanwhile, hot water was constantly refilled in our tea pots as we drank tea over 2 hours.  I was so full that I let Heather K. take home the additional scones and pastries we did not finish.  A lady sitting nearby thought we were so adorable that she started taking photos of us enjoying the experience (I asked her to please not let those go viral - haha).  I highly recommend trying this once for a unique experience.
4	This place is awesome. Came here for the caviar and was not disappointed. I only wish there was more bang for your buck. But I understand caviar is expensive. Very nice place.
5	The gateway viewing of Vegas tourists and locals occurs right here . Nice live piano music, welcoming soft atmosphere abs delightful staff let's you feel your in comfort . Great table snacks that go well with most beverages. Extensive wine list. I ordered a bottle of French champagne , ruinart blanc de blanc and although our server has never had it, she sure knew how to serve it. Sitting in ice long enough to be at proper serving temp, she only poured my glass and waited till my girlfriend retuned as one does not let champagne get warm I'll have a 1/2 bottle of the Bordeaux ( pavilion de Leoville Poyferre)  of St Julien to take to my roomThis is a must resting place while your in Vegas
5	Had a great time people watching and meeting new people in this lounge. Best server ever in Maryann. Will be back in 2 weeks to do it again.
5	We stay at the Bellagio often.  And we are ALWAYS drawn in to this bar.  The piano players are world class, even played for presidents !!!; so relaxing. Bartenders are incredible catering to every desire.  Music, champagne, caviar or small salmon bite.  All back dropped by the amazing Chihuly  glass ceiling sculpture.  Just the most perfect relaxation moment in a hectic crazy Las Vegas.
5	Tea Anyone?A good girlfriend if mine hosted a tea party Sunday August 3, 2014 for approximately twelve guest!The seating was a bit awkward perhaps because of how small the tables were with such a large party!Larger parties if seven or more pick their choice of tea and the chef pics your sandwiches. The ambiance was nice and definitely worth the experience. I have to admit at $35 per person plus 18% gratuity ($45) I went to a restaurant for dinner after the Tea Party was over. I guess you can say I'm not use to English sandwiches although they were delish!Overall the venue was a success!!
4	Perfect spot for amazing people watching (seriously, is there any better place than Vegas for people watching).  Lovely atmosphere made lovelier by the piano player.The complimentary snacks include some incredibly tasty truffle popcorn.  We also ordered the potato crisps, carpaccio and scallops.  All were very good.The only letdown was the service which really faltered towards the end.  We asked for more snacks while we contemplated dessert and neither the snacks nor the dessert order were forthcoming.  The waitress just sort of disappeared.  Not the end of the world, but a slight disappointment.  I expect we'll give it another try though.
1	So bummed.  In the afternoon, my husband and I were walking by on our way to see the gardens.  I saw a couple having coffee and cookies.  After viewing the gardens, the thought of a relaxing cup of coffee was stuck in my head.  We went back to the lounge and found a seat right away.  We were served after sitting down.  We just ordered coffees.  They were served in a timely manner.  This is where time stopped and good times were no more.  The first sip that hit my tongue was like warm coffee water.  So sad.  Then, we sat and drank bad coffee.  We never saw our server again, until we stood up to leave.  Then, we finally got our bill and couldn't charge it to our room because she didn't leave a pen and ran away too quickly.  Sad again.  We left a note (after getting a pen from the hostess) commenting on the bad service and weak, overpriced coffee.  We won't be back.
4	Tried Petrossian Bar twice during my recent trip. It's an excellent place to sit, relax, have a drink, and people watch. You can play spot the prostitute. :) Their Red Ruby drink was delicious.
5	I dont think it gets better than sitting by the piano , sipping an extremely well made cocktail ( basil gimlet ) and people watching. I had 30 minutes to kill as i waited for someone to finish at the spa and decided to camp here. The server was extremely nice and suggested the basil gimlet , which was light , refreshing , and not overly sweet or strong in basil flavor. I would love to come here again and i think it made my list of happy places in vegas !
4	Right at the stairs is where you check-in to be seated. They have small tables so not recommended for large groups. Most people are sitting and either people-watching or chatting amongst friends.Complimentary Almonds, Popcorn and Sesame Crackers are served when you're seated and waiting for your items. Some of my friends ordered coffee while one person had a drink. All enjoyed their beverages.Great place to relax and chat or kill some time.
5	Sigh...high tea and champagne...best service ever.  I felt like a rich housewife...all I needed was a skinny cigarette!  Thank you Bellagio....
4	What a great getaway from the getaway! The Petrossian is an excellent spot that has nothing to do with gambling, where people can lounge about a pianist while enjoying cocktails.Christmas carols were tickled over the ivories while my other half and I sat at the bar to savor our after-dinner moment. I ordered their Swedish Violet and was pleasantly surprised. We chatted for awhile and relished the occasion.I hear they serve smoked salmon, foie gras and caviar, too. Guess that's what their tables are for, eh?
