5	WOW!  I have found my new fav Thai place in the city.This place just opened down the street from me, and I couldn't wait to try it (I'm a huge Thai food fan). My hubbie and I went in for lunch, intending to try the $6.95 lunch special, but opted for the a la carte menu as it looked so good, and wasn't much more expensive.I had the Pad Kea Mow with chicken and my hubbie had the Pad Prik King with pork. Both dishes were amazing. Great flavors, fresh crunchy veggies, fresh herbs - it was perfect. We asked for it hot, and it didn't disappoint. It was an eye watering, nose running, ear ringing burn, and I loved every second of it! Be warned, don't ask for hot unless you truly love it hot, as you will get it. Tap water was filtered and good, nice hot teas (we had green and jasmine, both were excellent).  Good service, clean. Loved it!
5	Went here for lunch because it is near my job. The service was top notch. My water glass was kept full. The food was absolutely delicious. I had the Fried Rice lunch special with chicken. The rice was perfectly soft with the chicken mixed in bursting with flavor. The prices are very good and the food is even better. I will definitely eat here on a regular basis.
5	This place had just opened in the area where I work and I'm glad it did!The place is very clean and the staff is very friendly.There were so many good things on the menu I had a hard time choosing, but I finally settled on the Curry Fried Rice with Chicken.It is Jasmine rice, stir friend with red curry paste, onion, bamboo shoots, bell peppers, green beans, mushrooms, baby corns, garlic, fresh chili and egg.  They asked if I  wanted hot and I said "sure."  She asked on a scale of 1-10 and I said 5.  It was the perfect amount and I'm excited to come back again!I really recommend this place, I'll be sure to tell everyone about it.
5	Oh what a wonderful find this joint was. After my disappointing visit to Benjarong, I gave up my quest for a great Thai restaurant within a 2 mile radius of my neighborhood. But literally a few days later, driving home from work famished, I noticed this unusually placed restaurant with a bright neon red sign as I was driving by. I almost shrugged it off, until I realized I didn't register the word "Thai Kitchen". I immediately crossed two lanes and busted a biznatch. When I went in, there was only a single party of two in the middle of their dinner. I took a peek and the food looked and smelled good. The waitress/host quickly and cheerfully greeted me and provided me with a menu after I told her I was taking-out. She was very genuine and even asked me if I needed anything to drink while I was waiting. Got home. W-o-w. I haven't had such a fine tasting Styrofoam-plated meal in my life. Everything I ordered (Which I'll list below, because I've been to this place about 5-6 times after my initial visit) was piping hot, vibrantly flavorful and most importantly, satisfyingly spicy. Which, on second thought, might be sweat-inducing for most other people. I usually get a 10.. hey, I was raised on Kimchi and Sriracha sauce.Must-haves: Beef Pad Kapow (Spicy Basil Dish), Chicken Pad Thai, Pork Pad Kea Mow, Pineapple Fried Rice, Panang CurryOverall, this is a "cute" little place, that serves excellent Thai food, amongst the best I've had, at a reasonable price and served with a smile. Only downside that I can even think of is that the restaurant can fit 40 people at best. Dare I say it, when it comes strictly to the food alone, Surang is giving Archi a serious run for his money.
4	Where's the beef?!?! Stopped in for a to go order and got the Pad Kea Mow w/beef, Red Curry w/beef and Tom Kha soup w/chicken. The small exchange with the people who worked there was quite pleasant.From a taste and quality perspective I don't think anyone near us can hold a candle to Surang's for Thai food! Excellent flavor, spice and good quality ingredients. Their food outshines Panna and Benjarong by a mile. For one, they got the order right, and two, the meat wasn't laden with inedible fat from the lowest grade meat possible.The absolute and only reason for not receiving 5 stars was there was a lack of beef in both of our dishes and this was a bit disappointing. It almost lowered it to a 3 star but this is definitely not the case when considering the overall quality and taste of the meal. We'll definitely be going back to give them another shot and I hope they bring up the meat quantity to match the quality.
4	I would probably rate this place 4.5 stars. I drove by this place many times and we finally decided to try it in place of our usual thai places. The restaurant is cozy and intimate. The service was great and the food was served quickly. We decided to order the crab rangoons to start with. I was pleasantly surprised by the crispiness of the skin and it was a nice change that it wasn't overflowing with cream cheese. I was definitely excited to try the entrees after the crab rangoons. We decided to order the Beef Pad See Ew (one of my favorites) and the Green Curry with Pork. The Beef Pad See Ew I could probably eat the whole plate by myself...it was that delicious. However, the green curry kind of ruined my palate. We asked for a level 3.5 spiciness on a scale of 10 and it was spicier than expected. I think next time a level 2 or 1 would be sufficient. It was good other than the spiciness. I will definitely be returning the next time I'm craving some Thai food and its even better that its 5 minutes away from home.
5	Yummy Tom Kha Soup and love the creamy texture - some places are too watery.One of my favorite apps is the Tod Mun which is the fried fish cake, but we tried the Shrimp cake and it was amazing. The mixture wasn't like the gross chewy fake seafood meat. This was real ground shrimp fried with panko. Kudos to the restaurant for being honest about not having good sticky rice for the mango sticky rice.
5	I finally got my wife to come with me here.Again, the menu was so good we had a hard time deciding on what we wanted.  When we finally made our decisions, our appetizers started off with Fried Wonton, which was excellent!My better half ordered the Yellow Curry with Shrimp, I got the Curry Fried Rice with Chicken again.  On a scale of 1-10, she got hers at a 3, I got mine at a 5. I must've been weak in the force today because 5 was making me sweat!  No matter because the waitress was very, very attentive and was my angel of mercy with the constant refills of refreshing, cold, quenching water!  She was very nice and kind.The food was incredible, the service was top notch...I love this place!
4	For an extra $2 you can get extra meat and that's definitely the way to fly! Plenty of beef in my Pad Kea Mow (sp?) and pretty darn spicy for a 7 but I really enjoyed it. I got spoiled on my last trip to San Francisco and my expectations have moved up for a 5 star Thai meal but this was a really good one and I suggest you give them a shot.
5	Here is an update about my take out experience with Surang's as opposed to our dine in experience.What can I say? The service and food is consistent between dine in and take out!  I have a few friends that live literally down the street from Surang's and they talk about how good the other place down the street is good.I was a bit hungry and I wanted to get a taste of Surang's so I naturally headed down to to order out some Yellow Curry with Chicken.It took about five minutes for my three orders of Yellow Curry with Chicken to come out.  In the mean time, even though I was sitting down waiting for the order, they still brought us out water, which I thought was very nice.I got back to my friends and it the food did not disappoint.  It was delicious!I did get a number 3 (0-10 on the spicy-hotness scale) again and for some reason it was STILL making me sweat.   I think I'm losing my suave because I think next time for sure I'm going to ask for a 2.
4	I love this place! I tried their beef pad thai and the chicken yellow curry and both were delicious! Definitely recommend this place. I will be going back for more!
4	Oh yes, I still like Surang's. This time I ordered the Beef Noodle Soup to go. The beef broth was very "beefy" and very flavorful. The beef was a lil tough to chew, but overall still good. The rice noodles that came with it were wider than the ones that come with pho.  Service was quick and with a coupon for 3 dollars of 15 bucks it was definitely a steal!
5	we got the fried tofu appetizer, a great beef curry with green onions and the tofu eggplant dish and a thai ice tea. everything was very good and we were enjoying the left overs as well.
4	Mmmmm I frequent this place quite often and the food never disappoints! My favorite dishes are the pineapple curry and spicy eggplant. Their dishes are a bit more flavorful than Archi's, however the portions are smaller (which is why they lost a star). The price range is also about the same as Archi's and most other Thai restaurants in Vegas. The staff is always extremely friendly and attentive. All in all this is one of the better Thai places in Vegas, but the portion size fell short.
3	I had to work work Saturday this weekend (don't get into IT), so I thought we'd try a new Thai place.  Surang's is small, but well lit and inviting.  We ordered the crab rangoon, tom kha (kai), red curry with beef, mixed vegetables with pork.The Thai tea was huge, but lots if crushed ice.  Quite deceiving!  I needed a refill though because it was good.  It was lightly sweet and creamy, slightly watery, but that made it a little less filling and refreshing.The crab rangoon was good, but I have had better.  There was lots of filling, and a lot of it was imitation crab, combined with the usual cream cheese, which made it unique.  The sweet and sour was pretty good.  The only complaint I had was that the shell was a little thin, giving it a "candy" sort of taste.  I prefer a thicker shell.The red curry with beef was a little disappointing.  It was watery, which I prefer, but the taste was also a little bit watery.  We ordered it medium, which was a perfect heat level, but the flavor could have been a little more bold.  The cool thing was that the waitress wanted our feedback, and when I told her this, she said thank you, and next time they can make it better.The mixed veggies with pork were a little bland as far as the sauce went, but the veggies were nice and fresh.  With a little chili powder on it, it really wasn't bad.  The pork was extremely well prepared; not at all greasy or salty, and very tender.  This was a nice side to the curry.  The tom kha kai was pretty decent.  There were a lot of spices and herbs, and nice mushrooms.  It also could have been a little more sour, and a little creamier, but I did enjoy it the most out of our meal.  I would recommend trying it.  Overall I enjoyed my visit to Surang's.  I think they do a good job trying to stay authentic.  They could use a bit more boldness in their food, in my opinion, but perhaps it is just right for the average customer.
5	I love Surang's... Not only do I but my husband and friend do too!!We all go there at least 3 times a week!  There are at least six Thai places in a 6 mile radius and I have tried them all. This is hands down the FRESHEST and Tastiest of them all!!  We all have our favorite dishes and often order off the regular menu even if there are very tempting lunch specials!! I do know that Surang herself goes shopping every morning for the ingredients she will cook that day. Here are some of our favorite dishes.. Cant put them in order because its too hard!!Pad Ke Mow- pork Green chicken curry #10(spicy) Thai beef jerkyRed curry ChickenThese are items we always get...MMMMMMM....... I'm hungry right now, you just might find me there in the next hour or sooner!!Just one last note! I love Surang's!
5	I came here with my boyfriend after getting a $25 gift certificate from Restaurant.Com. It's a new restaurant, the grand opening sign was still up.There weren't any customers in the restaurant, but that's probably because we got there the second they opened. The place is very clean and nicely decorated.  We were told to sit wherever we want, which is always nice. Since we had to spend $35 in order for our certificate to be valid, we splurged and ordered Thai Tea, Thai Coffee, Garlic Pepper Beef, Combination pad thai, panang curry, and thai egg rolls just for the two of us. Everything came right away. The drinks tasted as they should, the egg rolls were tasty with the plum sauce, the garlic pepper beef was savory and had a very nice presentation surrounded by the broccoli. The panang curry was delish, I kept pouring it over my rice and pad thai! The pad thai was BOMB of course. I don't usually get combo pad thai since it's like 2 bucks more, so boy was it a treat! We definitely didn't finish all our food, so we got some togo boxes. We didn't finish our drinks either and they gave us to go cups for them, which was awesome!I'd definitely come back here. The people were very friendly and it's pretty close to where I live.
5	When we pulled into the shopping strip Surang's was located in, it was dark and I felt like we were heading into a trap from a horror movie. And then I saw the open sign which made me feel a lot safer. It is located in a small venue, which had a very clean, simple and relaxing atmosphere.We started with some appetizers and I would recommend getting the shrimp cakes, these things were so good I was tempted to just order that all night.There were four of us and we ordered a Beef Panang (level 8 spiciness), chicken pad see-ew (no spiciness), basil crispy pork and chicken/beef pad Thai (level 8 spiciness).I'll start off by saying the curry and rice were the best together, the curry was spicy and it had a sweet tinge to it. The beef was soft and easily chewable. I just wish the green beans served would have been softer, I feel like they were undercooked. Other than that, the dish was excellent and highly recommended.The pork was decent, reminded me of filipino liempo but the skin was sometimes unchewable. It was my first time having it so maybe it'd be worth another try.The pad see ew was the spiciest, I could tell my nose was starting to feel it and it took two plates of pad thai to take away the burning sensation. I'd recommend going lower if you're not a fan of spice.The pad thai was excellent and I'd recommend getting it. This is probably one of the stable Thai food all around, it never fails anywhere you go. In my opinion, the beef/chicken mix is great with any of these dishes.Next time I go here, I'd order the shrimp cakes, pad thai and curry. That right there would be an excellent meal for lunch or dinner.The service was good and very tentative. It may have not been so busy but you get better service when tables in restaurants aren't full. They also offer take out, which is a definite plus for when you're in a hurry or want to eat at home.Altogether, I'd take family or friends here. It's a great place to fill up your stomach and fill that Thai craving we all seem to have.
4	We decided to go a bit out of the way and try Surang's tonight.  It was quite good.  We had an order of spring rolls with tamarind sauce that was excellent.  My wife had the Spicy Basil with ground chicken and I had the Pad Prik King with chicken.  Her spiciness was 0 and mine was 6.  Both dishes were very tasty.A note on their spiciness--I think their 6 is more a 7 or 8 at other Thai restaurants so choose the number with care.  I didn't need any more spice even though I usually order a level of 8 at other places.I had the Thai coffee which I liked a lot.  The only thing that detracted from dinner was that the dishes were a bit heavy with salt.  That's unusual for me to say, because I am a serial salter.Service was excellent!  The waitress was very helpful, cheerful, and she was a pleasure to talk with.  She gave us coupons for a return visit just in case we didn't get another Restaurant.com certificate.  While it is out of the way for us, I won't hesitate to return and I'm going to suggest our hiking group stop there for lunch the next time we decide to treat ourselves.  The lunch specials are priced well and sound great!
4	This place is great for so many reasons. Great selection, curries are uniformly good, and the pad kee mow is excellent.  They also offer brown rice but it's expensive and you get very little.  It's above average for Vegas  but does not beat Archi's or LOS.  Their "pet pet" is less spicy than Archi's but your mouth will still be on fiyyyrrraaaahh. Service is decent but it can take awhile to get your food--sometimes the waitress is also the chef. Good find in a random location.
5	SO GOOD!!!  And washed it all down with a Singha beer!!! Life is good.
5	Amazing chicken green curry with very deep flavor. Pork pad kea mow was outstanding, spring rolls the freshest ever! Great value and very fresh food. Cute restaurant with friendly staff. The best Thai in Las Vegas.
4	I love Thai food and Surang just might be the best one in Vegas!!!  I was a regular at Archi's but decided to try somewhere new and success!!!  Tucked away in a strip mall, I'd never expect this place to be so good!!  Walking in, the boyfriend and I were immediately impressed with how delicious the place smelled.  We ordered the tom yum goon (hot and sour soup with shrimp), papaya salad, Thai beef jerky, pad kapow (minced chicken and basil), and basil fried rice.  Everything came out piping hot (which I'm really picky about).  Flavor-wise, definitely at least a 9 out of 10.  Only thing is that we wished it was spicier.  We ordered an 8 spicy (out of 10) on everything but it was medium spicy at most.  At least our mouths weren't melting off.  We are Thai food frequents so we will definitely be coming back.  This actually might be our new regular, go to take out spot.  Horray to finding a new delicious, authentic Thai restaurant!!
4	Trying to be adventurous one night, we wanted to try something new and thanks to my handy dandy Yelp app, I came across Surang's Thai Kitchen. There were many check-ins by fellow Yelpers and never tried it before, so t'was our choice of the night.It's down the street from us, in a not-so-busy strip mall so parking hasn't been a hassle on each of our visits. She's a smaller restaurant, not what I expected. I noticed a lot of people coming in for take-out. THE EATS: Papaya Salad, Basil with ground chicken and Tom Yum with Shrimp. I mean, it's really hard to mess these up and unfortunately I have been to places where they have messed it up, but this place had these dishes spot on. I also like the fact that they do not bring out the soup in one of those fire bowls LOL, I always feel like my accident prone self will light my hair on fire or something silly as such.Their lunch specials are pretty good, $6.95-$7.95 and the portions are pretty big for what you pay for.Prices are a little cheaper than Basil 'n' Thyme and considering that Surang's is closer to us, looks like we've got a new Thai restaurant to add to our favorites list!
5	My boyfriend and I try to go out for a weekday lunch date whenever we can.  One of our favorites places is Surang's Thai Kitchen for the weekday lunch specials.  We've been there quite a few times and we've always been extremely satisfied.  I usually get the chicken with mixed vegetables (0 spicy), while my boyfriend is more adventurous - trying the spicy basil with pork, kung pao chicken & kung pao beef.  The first time we went there, he had 5 spicy, but he now orders 10 spicy, adding extra jalapenos & red chili pepper flakes they offer.  His eyes are red and watery while he's eating, but they usually are back to normal by the time we get back to our car LOL.  All lunch specials come with a won ton, a spring roll and green salad with a nice dressing.  Yummy.  It also comes with a cup of soup - we have had the egg drop soup, the chicken-cucumber soup and the hot & sour soup - all VERY yummy.We always have the same waitress - very pleasant, always smiling and always attentive.  My boyfriend and I always enjoy our lunches here.
5	Like many other Yelpers, I favor this place for my Thai food fix over Archis.Our waitress was very friendly, but lacked a bit on the service. She was the only one there and there was another big party that had arrived a few minutes before us. So, I gave her some slack. But, maybe the establishment should ensure having more than one waitress around, especially during dinner time. I had the curry fried rice, something I hadn't tried before. I liked it as it was flavorful and had lots of the chicken in it. Most places I get fried rice, only have small bits and pieces of meat here and there. The rest of the table ordered Beef Pad See Ewe and Pineapple curry. Both were good. The pad see ewe wasn't at all oily, a problem I run into at other restaurants. The flavor of the curry was good as well, but I was a bit disappointed as the only thing that made it a pineapple curry was a handful of pineapple fruit tossed it. But, the actually curry itself was great, so no biggie. It's a small place, so it might not be great for big parties. But a great place for a small gathering. I'm definitely looking forward to trying out their lunch specials.
5	Just got back from my weekly visit to Surangs and wanted to write my review before I went into a food coma from all the pad thai I got!  Like Alma mentioned I also prefer Surangs to Archis.  I've been coming to Surangs for almost 6 months and haven't been back to Archi's once in that time. The service here is always great, as soon as I sit down they know my order (maybe I sign I come here too often).  I usually get a pad thai with chicken or a spicy basil with chicken lunch special with 4 on spice and its got just the right amount of spice without taking away from the dish.  Besides the standard food you'd see at every Thai restaurant they also have a crispy pork dish which is fantastic.  It is either saute'd with zucchini or chinese broccoli.  I'd highly recommend the crispy pork and this restaurant to anyone in the mood for Thai food!!!
4	My brother was in town for a day and we didn't have too much time to hang out with our conflicting schedules, yet food always brings people close together!  I though we would hit up Surang's because it was close to home and he had never had Thai food before (sad I know).Its is a small restaurant, nothing too fancy. I was hoping for a good experience seeing as it was my brother's first time trying Thai food; and  I was a little worried we would be restricted on time because I had to leave for work right after lunch. The waiters and waitresses were very quick to greet us and take our drink orders.  They gave us plenty of time to look over the menu and were very detailed in taking our orders.  I took the liberty of ordering Pad See Ew for us both.  The food came out rather quickly and hot! My order was incorrect, it was spicy when I requested a level 0 (I am weaksauce).  The waitress apologized and I had plenty of time to finish eating before leaving for work : )I am a loyal customer of Archi's but this place is a close second best for me!
4	We tried their curry chicken fried rice and the pad woon sen.  I am not into hot spicy foods, so of course I ordered these two dishes mild and with less oil.  I was impressed that the kitchen actually got it right and both items were cooked with less oil and spice.  I must say that I liked it a lot.  The silver noodles were very tasty. The fried rice was also good, but next time I think I will tell them not to put in the green leaves (basil leaf?) that was stir fried with the rice.  Overall I quite like their food. The service was a little slow, but that was because there was a big take out order and there was only one waitress handling the whole front end.   Two thumbs up though.  I will definitely be going back to try some of their other dishes.
5	So, the hubby and I were sitting around, feeling sorry for ourselves as we were both sick.  To make matters worse, he had fly out the next morning for a biz trip, so what do we decide to do?  Order ourselves some spicy thai food to scare away the cold!Now, the problem lies in the fact that our usual place, Ping Pong is too far south, so we had to make a hard decision and figure out where we could order delivery.  After much deliberation, we settled on Surang's Thai, and let me tell you, it was the best choice!!  I think I may have found a new fav!!So this is what we ordered:Shrimp rollsTom Yum (shrimp version, spicy level 3/4, plenty spicy too!)Chicken Panang (spicy level 5, mouth watering hot, but good!)Chicken Pad Thai (spicy level 3, a little bland, but pretty tasty otherwise)We devoured the shrimp rolls, which weren't oily, hate that(!),  and I ended up stealing a bit of his Panang, while I refused to share my yummy Tom Yum.  The Tom Yum was not  too sweet, nor too sour, it was a perfect blend of spicy, sweet, and sour and there were plenty of shrimps, and not chewy at all.  The head chef I met in Phuket (Thailand) told me that when a soup tastes a bit too sweet or sour and is chilled, it means it's not fresh, so I can always tell when Tom Yum has been sitting out for a while and then reheated. The curry was a little too spicy for me, but when mixed with rice, it toned down, and the hubby was thrilled the chicken wasn't drowning in sauce.  The Pad Thai was saved for the next day as the soup was filling especially after mixing with a bit of rice.  The delivery was quick as well, which meant all the food was still pretty warm, and the soup was actually a bit hot as well.  Winning!
5	This is one of the best thai places in Las Vegas. I was actually skeptical when i stepped into the restaurant.But they surprised me with awesome food. The portions are pretty big compared to other thai joints. I wished that restaurant.com was still selling their gift certificates.
4	Thanks to yelp , we had another tasty dining experience!      We had the panang curry w/ beef , the curry was med thickness with a real nice peanut flavor , the beef was tender.   Pad Thai w/ shrimp not to sweet might be one of the best I've had.  Spicy eggplant with tofu in a soy , oyster sauce? Anyway it was good  We also had the crispy pork , to crispy for me , overcooked. Not much flavor ,probably left it in the fryer.      The star tonight for me, was the pineapple curry with chicken . It was perfect blend of herbs and spices ,just a little thin for me but flavors was spot on !      Another good Thai restaurant that is a 5 min drive away , yea!
5	Love this place.  Right down the street from my work so when I have a craving for some Thai food this is the place I go.  Love the beef pepper steak lunch special when I get take-out or when my husband meets me for lunch it is always panang curry with beef and pad thai.  Delish!
4	A little bit a spice wanted tonight, we quickly thought of Surang's. The Yelp reviews had been good, so why not give it a try. It was a little late in the evening, no trouble getting a table, a quick look over the menu, and our order was placed. It seems the cook was an older woman, she began working on our order, and the food began coming. We started with panang curry with beef, the beef was tender and generous size, the curry was rich and full of peanut flavor, we didn't leave any. Next we got spicy eggplant with tofu in an oyster sauce. I love eggplant, it was very good. It came out with the Pad Thai noodle with shrimp. Generous helping of peanuts and sprouts are the side, mixed up, it was excellent. The pineapple chicken curry came out and the smell alone was enough to make your mouth water. One bite and I was hooked. Overall a really good meal. This is a little secret tucked away on the southwest side of town. I know we'll be back.
5	Discovered this place via yelp and driving past it almost every day and having the guts to try something new. Had had Thai Noodle Kitchen for the first time a couple days before (which I found to be somewhat bland AND gave me the runs). Cute little place in a non-descript strip mall. Have not dined-in yet, have  only done take-out (now multiple times).  But take-out service has consistently been superb. Stated wait time has never been longer than 10 minutes and food has always been ready by the time I've arrived. Have only had the pad thai chicken, but I think it's the best I've had in Vegas so far (over Archi's, Thai Noodle Kitchen, Panna Thai, and Pin Kaow). The spiciness level is a little higher than my baseline - I always get a zero (on 1 to 10 scale) and it was still a little spicy. My husband got a 2 and found it too much for him to fully enjoy.Nonetheless, I can't wait to try other items on the menu.
5	Good thai place. Thanks fellow yelpers for your reviews. It helped narrow it down since there are like 5 in the local area. Will definitely be going back. Pad thai could have been spicy but still was really good.
3	Decent thai food. I liked the pad see ew and the pad thai. Not the best thai food but it will do. If you feel like thai food and you want it fast this is where you should go.
4	This place is around the corner from my house. Holy closeness, batman. I've been a Archi's loyalist for sometime so it took me awhile to try Surang's. By golly! It's good, real good. I love their spicy eggplant and their pad thai is some of the best around, only second to Archi's. If you like heat, ask for an 8 or higher. Service is friendly when dining in and if you live/work in the area take out couldn't be easier. Delivery is also available with a minimum order.
3	This was the second time here the first time was almost perfect.      This time it was not as good.  pad thai was too sweet for me.      Chicken pineapple curry the star the last time was too thin and also sweet.         Spicy eggplant with tofu was spot on very good.        Beef massaman was pretty good , medium thick sauce nice peanut flavor , nice chunks of potato and beef.       Service was fine.
5	Um hello?  Why did I just barely find out about this place? I should have came here a long time ago because dude, what a deal!  This place looks like a fast eat restaurant but serves sit down quality food.  Yum!1 star = for the quick service.   All of the plates came less than 10 minutes after ordering.2 stars = for the cleanliness of the place.  I wasn't afraid to eat off their plates, and in their clean environment.  People don't normally Yelp about this, but this place was clean man!3 stars = for the Pad See Ew, best I have ever tasted; they are not shady with the Chinese broccoli so it made it all the better!  and the amount of egg, generous!4 stars = Catfish delight.   Catfish isn't for the luxurious type, but i love fish and all kinds, and it's the best I've ever tasted at any Thai restaurant in Vegas5 stars = for the combination seafood green curry.  Like, what other Thai restaurant has this option? No where else!This place is awesome and is the cheapest Thai restaurant I have found in Vegas.  Lucky am I that I Yelped this place.  Thank you Yelp!
5	It's been almost a year since I found this a gem during my last trip to Vegas. On my last trip in August of last year I relied on Yelp to help me find a great Thai restaurant here in Vegas. As usual, Yelp did not let me down. If you are a frequent Yelper you know that it is rare to find a restaurant with a 4.5 star rating with a significant number of reviews. As soon as I saw that Surang's managed to accomplish this rare feat I knew I was in for a great meal. Surang's is  a good distance from the strip but it is definitely worth the drive. It seems to be in a decent part of town also, so no need to worry about your safety while roaming away from the strip. We ordered Chicken Pad Thai, Yellow Chicken Curry (my absolute favorite Thai dish), Orange Chicken, Broccoli Chicken,and Spring Rolls. Every single item was great. We loved the food and ate until we were all stuffed. The owners and servers were very nice and it appears to be a family run operation which is a plus to me. The place was very modern and very clean as well. Not really a fancy place and it is more suited for a family meal than a romantic dinner. It wasn't the cheapest Thai restaurant I have been to and it wasn't the most expensive either. I think it is fairly priced and a great value when you factor in the quality of the meal. So you may be wondering what took me so long to write a review. Well i am back in Vegas and had to look up the location of this place so we can go later today. I figured since I was back on the page and enjoyed the food so much that I owed Surang a review. Since it has been a year, I promise to come back with an update to confirm if this place is holding the quality that I expect.
5	Best Tai joint in SW Vegas!!! Live the crispy pork. And the soups are to die for
3	Blahhhhhh...What is wrong with people on yelp? This place was sooo mediocre. I seriously don't think it deserves 4.5 starts. I went in and expected it to be almost amazing but ended up regretting it because it was not worth the far drive from my hotel. I'm not gonna go into what I ordered because it's just not worth my time. I wrote this review to warn other people of blahhh food.
4	Yummy. There is no better way to end a record hot Vegas day then eating some good spicy Thai curry. It's a nice place to eat, not fancy but clean and a good environment, playing some California dreaming. Ordered a few dishes one to eat there and a couple to go. First up Panang Curry with pork at level 5 spiciness medium heat. Really tasty dish only thing i didn't like about it was the green beans weren't cooked enough. Picked out and ate all of the green beans first and enjoyed the rest. The sauce thick, creamy, and full of the right amount of heat for me. $7.95 The Masaman Curry with chicken was next. The sauce wasn't as thick as the Panang Curry and maybe a bit too watery for me, but there was no under cooked green beans to pick out. Everything about this dish was delightful to me except that I was already full and just sampling the rest. $7.95 The Basil Crispy Pork was last. Really liked the crispy pork pieces, fatty and tender meat with crunchy skin. The sauce was also tasty. $9.95 Their lunch special is a pretty good deal. Starting at $6.95 they have 12 different dishes from pad Thai to curry or noodles, each served with soup, fried egg roll, and fried wonton. Drinks aren't refillable except for the regular ice tea @ $1.50. There's other flavored ice teas or Thai iced coffee for $2.50-$3.00. My server was real nice and friendly and was always checking on me, not too much to be bothering, but enough to feel welcomed and important. I was glad that she brought me a peppermint candy at the end because my mouth was heating up.
4	Take mom's old dining room and throw it in a strip mall restaurant--mom thrown in the back to cook--and that's what we have at Surang's.  Given that my parents aren't Thai, the parents of the girl serving the place (so I assume) cook in the back.  As long as I can hear a foreign language being yelled at from the back of the restaurant, I know the food will be good.I love the seating here, being so cozy, and I love their menu.  Back home we have dried beef that is basically dried meat, like a thick jerky, then it's deep fried.  They do it at Surang's and it is darn good.  Salty, chewy, and served with fish sauce--mm mm mm.Everything that we tried--from the fish to to typical Thai dishes--were all very good.  I will definitely be coming here for their good eats, but especially for the dried  beef appetizer.
5	I'm addicted to Thai food, could probably eat it everyday if I could.  The Pineapple Curry was fantastic!!!
5	I was introduced to this restaurant a few weeks ago & I tried the crispy seafood pancake with combination fried rice. The seafood pancake was pretty good but it had clam or mussel (not a fan of 'em) in it so I'll be sure to just order the shrimp. Can't forget about the Thai tea, it's super sweeeet! The restaurant is clean, quiet, & our waitress was sweet. I will be returning & ready to try different Thai dishes there. :)
3	This place was definitely good but it's not better than Archi's!! I might have to go there again and order something else but I usually order Spicy Eggplant when I get thai food and the Spicy Eggplant at Archi's is way more spicy and flavorful. The sauce at Surang's was pretty watered down while the sauce at Archi's had a thicker consistency. The prices are really good though. It's cheaper than Archi's which is nice. For 3 of us, the bill came out to $25!! The waiter was very nice and attentive. I had a regular entree and my parents each got a lunch special. It was a really good amount of food for the price. After reading the reviews, I will definitely go there again and try something else next time.
5	I ain't gonna lie, the service and food is excellent! had to take the menu home with me
4	Great food, incredible prices...what's not to like?  Spicy basil pork is my choice here.
3	A smidge of a downgrade here. I was sick, lazy and wanted some spicy food. As Surang's is nearby, and Thai Style Noodle House's on-line menu is nearly indecipherable, I opted to order Surang's "chef specialty" of Chinese broccoli and crispy pork ($9.95) and an order of yellow curry with tofu ($7.95). While ordering, I asked if my address was in their free delivery range. I was assured that it was (and it is). My bill, upon delivery, however, was $22.00! Now, I know it's "just" a few dollars, but I found it kind of shady ($9.95+7.95+tax does not equal a round $22.00). At least tell me you're tacking on the delivery fee when I'm ordering! The food, however, was fantastic, so I'm not totally turned off. The Chinese broccoli and crispy pork is my new, favorite Surang's dish. Sooo good and flavorful. But, if you like it hot, I'd suggest ordering at least a nine or ten. I ordered an eight and barely felt a sting. I'll probably return...but likely not for delivery.
5	I have lived over near Surang's for about a year and it was always a treat eating here. A couple months ago I moved to Green Valley and I will still gladly make the drive over to Surang's for their pad thai. My favorite Thai food place in the city!
3	This place is ok.  I have definitely experienced better.  This is a very casual place which is fine.  But the food is only ok, depending on what you order.Avoid the gristle, erh, beef soup.The spicy eggplant with beef is one of their best dishes.  It is kind of a hit and miss place as far as the dishes good.  When it is good, it is good and when not - one wonders what went so wrong.
3	Located at west fort apache near Walmart. The restaurant unassuming once you get into the restaurant the ambiance is simple and very nice. The menu is simple and the pricing is quite reasonable. Home cooked thai food is the best description that I can think of.
5	I think the fact that I went in today to buy three days worth of Tom Yum Soup kind of says it all. I love this place. It's convenient, a bit cheaper than the other nearby Thai places (especially with the 10% off coupon on their site), and the people are always friendly and helpful. The restaurant is clean and cozy. One of my relatives comes here every single time he's in town. Everything I've tried here is wonderful. I usually get their Pad Thai and Combination Seafood Green Curry. I love their fried tofu and their soup too. They're pretty consistent with the spice ratings too; I've been to a lot of places where a two is mild one day and scorching the next. I've never had a bad meal here and I come here a lot.
4	This is a quiet strip mall with a small dinning room, we we're they only ones there for a while, they did have some take out going on while we ate, but not too many coming in to dine, I don't know why, this place is great!As with most asian menus, I let my husband select and the choices he made were excellent.  We started off with chicken curry , spicy eggplant and tofu, beef massaman and pad thai noodles.  I will say, the curry was a little watery, but had good coconut flavor, the eggplant was spot on and the beef was hardy.  The pad thai was good for me, but my partner thought it to be too sweat.It's seems that "Mama" was in the kitchen doing the cooking, I don't know for sure this was mama but it was an elderly women, and while we ate, I kept hearing birds chirping, I guess that's part of the atmosphere.  I enjoy the dinning experience and would go back.
2	It's been a little while since we've ordered take out from Surang's but have been going to Surang's since it opened and tonight will be our last for a while to come, if ever again.The wifey ordered the Pad Kee Mow (beef) and it was excellent and the same as always. I ordered the red curry with beef and I got home to find the curry container half empty. I thought if it had plenty of veggies and beef that I wouldn't sweat it and we'd call it a day. However, there were about 3 tiny pieces of beef in my 1/2 order of curry and I wasn't pleased.I called the restaurant to explain the problem and was told that they measured everything out and it was the correct amount. After telling them I'd ordered it at least 20 times before and it wasn't correct she insisted it was. Well, I guess we'll be headed back down the street to Panna Thai from now on.Here's a big hint for the owners of restaurants. When a repeat customer calls and complains about an easily resolved issue you might want to try to make them happy otherwise they go to the competition which is what we'll be doing from now on.
4	Awesome panang curryGood pad kee maoPad thai was ok, not badCrunchy pork basil wasn't my cup of tea
4	I have never had Tom Kha Soup before.  I've always opted for Tom Yum Goong Soup instead.  However, after hearing my friend raved on and on about Tom Kha, I stopped by Surang to try the Tom Kha there, but only after I have read the reviews and especially when my good friend Debbie N. vouched for the soup here.  I have to agree with everything she has written.  The Tom Kha Soup was indeed creamy and full of flavor.  I can taste the combination of the lemon grass, cilantro, kaffir lime leaves in every sip.  From a scale of 1-10 spiciness, I chose 6.  This heat greatly intensify the soup.The restaurant is simple and small, had 6 tables or so.  Very clean and the staff are very friendly.  I was standing to wait for my to-go order, but the owner pulled out a chair and invite me to sit.I will come again to write about the dining experience.    I wish they had duck curry though...that's one of my most favorite Thai entree.  Other than that, I am a fan!
2	I went here last night and ordered to go.  The waitress was very friendly when I walked in and they had my food ready in 15 minutes from the time I called.  I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai with a spiciness level of 9/10, Spicy Basil Pork 8/10, Thai Fresh Spring Rolls, and Thai Iced Tea.  My basil pork was oily, but had decent flavor.  The spiciness factor in the pad thai and pork dish were lacking.  When I called in my order, I kept mentioning that I preferred it "extra spicy", but they played it safe and it was more like a 2.  I had to douse it in hot sauce when I got home.  I did like that they had brown rice on the menu and the thai iced teas were tasty.  I may try to dine-in next time and order the Tom Yum Soup and a Thai tea to go!
4	I would have given this place 5 stars but my rice came out cold.. My server immediately heated it up, apologized and explained that there was a problem with the electrical input the rice pot was hooked up to.. No biggie ;P. Besides that, everything was AWESOME. I loved the big roomie chairs in the dining room.Por was an excellent server, she asked me if I had any questions and explained the dishes to me very well. I felt like she cared about my dining experience there and was very friendly and personable.The passion fruit tea was good, and the Thai fresh rolls were amazing! Especially the sauce that came with it. I ordered the chef's special- Chinese broccoli with crispy pork at level 4 spicy. The pork skin was perfectly crispy and the broccoli had a nice crunchiness. I loved how the dish got spicier with every bite I took, like a surprise in every bite!I will definitely be coming back for some awesome Thai food. Great service, great food, and very reasonable prices. I'm even going to eat the leftovers I brought back today for dinner tonight! Yummy!
2	One sunny afternoon I decided to not go too far to eat some thai food. Just go around the corner since you have a 4 star yelp restaurant that should do the job right.Unfortunately thats not the case for me. Although the food is good but its way too sweet. Its like the chef dump bunches of sugar in it. I think I might get diabetes coming out of the restaurant. I am sory Surang's Thai, you are not for me. I would drive a little bit further for Thai Food now.
2	Meal was a bit too salty and service was unacceptable.  Had to approach the waiter to both order and pay.  Waiter did not even ask how I was doing in midst of my meal.  Would not recommend it nor would I return.
4	Food is good with reasonable prices.  I enjoyed their coconut ice cream, too.  There was only 1 server the evening we were there and she was great.  I'll defnitely come back to this place.
5	i stop by just to try it out and it was surprising to find it sort of empty , my girlfriend and I order the tom yum soup and to my surprise it was the same or even better than pin kao  , the thai teas are larger and the price is lower , I believe i just fin my new neighborhood thai restaurant
3	Review time, as I've visited this establishment several times now, yet today's experience merits a written commentary.I'll begin by stating that I've never been at all disappointed with the quality of food.  Always fresh ingredients and tasty dishes.  In fact, I had planned on giving them a 4 star review several times now, but never got around to it.Unfortunately, that extra star fell off today.  Our regular lunch party of 4 was in attendance, and we all love Thai food.  Each of us ordered something different from the menu, and all 4 meals, although not all lunch specials, were accompanied by a complementary cup of soup.  The broth was lukewarm, and the centers of the tofu pieces were still cold.  Not very appetizing.The meals came...and I can't understand why in some restaurants the cooks can't plate the meals to be delivered together.  2 of the dishes came out a good 5 minutes before the other 2.  Thankfully, we're all casual enough to discard table mannerisms and begin eating before everyone is served.  This may have been awkward in a business luncheon or dinner with other acquaintances.The 3 who ordered lunch specials all commented on how the food was fine, but the plates were ice cold, which cooled the dish down significantly before they were 1/2 way through.  I ordered larb salad, which was delicious, but the ground meat was also barely warm.  As if they cooked it, then used refrigerated sauce.  I know it's not supposed to be a hot dish, but the contrast in temperatures between the ground seasoned meat and sauce, vs. the cold crisp lettuce or cabbage, makes the dish so much more enjoyable.  Again, tasty, but leaving me someone dissatisfied.Overall, service was as expected, flavors were above average, but little things like timing and temperature deducted from the score.  There are at least 3 other Thai restaurants within the mile or 2 radius that get that extra star, and likely our future business.
4	So I went here and decided to get spicy basil chicken and it was very good but the one complain I do have is that my food was too oily but other then that, the food is good.
4	I had celebrated my birthday here with my family, we were totally of 13 in the group.  I had called earlier in the day to make the dinner reservation and we were accommodated easily. The prices were great for a large party under a budget.  The food came out, our party ordered different dishes and I liked mine (Peppered Steak).  Mine was beef and cooked perfectly , very tender.  Everyone liked their food very much, service was great (even though there was only 1 server), the mango with sticky rice got praises.The only thing that I noticed that needs a little bit of improvement was the temperature of the food.  The rice were not steaming hot and so the other dishes when it came out and served to us.  None of my party noticed it as we were all chatting away while waiting.  But I did noticed it, as I'm very observant one and the foodie in the group.But I will definitely come back here again when in the area.  I had chosen this place as it was closer to my relatives who lives in the Enterprise area.
1	Service was terrible! Soup was just o.k., my boyfriends plate was great, his also looked really good.
4	Very good Thai food. The food is very high quality and is super tasty. The curries are great and the salads are fantastic. I've tried lots of items on the menu and have never been let down. My only complaint is that the portion sizes are a little small if you are really hungry. We've taken friends and family members to this place for fun meals together and have always had a good experience.
5	We are former "Vegan" natives and moved to SoCal. There are many Thai food restaurants here, but nothing beats Surang's! Their spices and textures are just right. Basil chicken and satay are my favorites. My husband loves the pineapple fried rice and Panang beef. I do believe one of the chefs used to work at Archies(our 2nd fav), but this one pays more attention to the quality of the dishes. I notice there are so many good reviews, so I guess it's no longer our best kept secret! It's everybody's! Just make sure when you give them a heat rating, describe how hot as well.
4	Very good Thai food. The food is very high quality and is super tasty. The curries are great and the salads are fantastic. I've tried lots of items on the menu and have never been let down. My only complaint is that the portion sizes are a little small if you are really hungry. We've taken friends and family members to this place and everybody loves it.
4	They do delivery! I love that I can seat at home on a rainy or lazy day and order from home. And their papaya salad and chicken satay is delicious! Most places their chicken satay is dry but at Surang's, it's perfectly cooked and moist. I was disappointed with chicken larb cause it's not authentic but rest was pretty good.
4	Not only was this place amazing, it literally is behind my house. Awesome for me. Not really newsworthy for you. It's a small little joint, probably fits about 40 people? Or maybe less. I don't know. It's just a small, cozy little joint. Doesn't get packed but there is always people there. The service was excellent. Waitress was on point. Making sure to tend to our needs and always will a smile on her face.Food was delightful. It made me so DELIGHTED. Because again, the food was delightful. Had the usual thai fare on there but there was one dish on there I had to try that I had never recognized before: CATFISH DELIGHT. And my first bite into this dish, I was truly delighted. (ENOUGH WITH THE DELIGHTS) Imagine morsels of catfish fillets fried and covered with a red curry paste accented with basil. The fillets didn't lose it's crunch.. A bit of it was taken away from the paste but there was the ever so slight crunch that made this dish perfect for me!!The curry was typical to other thai curries I had but the Pad See Ew was bomb-tastic. We ordered extra egg on it, such a wise decision friends. They cooked the egg in water (like in egg drop soup) and sprinkled it on top of the perfectly cooked rice noodles. SO ONO! I heard they have amazing lunch specials. So try those for me folks, and let me know how it goes. If it's anything like my dinner experience, then the lunch specials will be top notch!
3	Great shrimp Thai green curry! Nice flavor and the sauce isn't too thick or thin...perfect consistency. Just wish they'd add more veggies and shrimp ... Too much sauce.
5	Surang's is one of my favorite Thai places in Vegas.  Their service is always fast and friendly and the food is great.  My favorite dishes are the Cashew Chicken, Masaman Curry, and Pineapple fried rice. The mango and sticky rice for dessert is wonderful as well.
5	Best yellow curry I have tried!
5	Best Thai lunch special in the southwest not to mention right down the street from my house. You know you're a regular when the staff remembers your favorites and your name.  Great staff, great food, great music and for lunch you can't beat the price.
4	I just ate here with my sister. She recommended this Thai restaurant. The server was very friendly and helpful with the menu. We ordered shrimp rolls, chicken panang curry, and fried pork with Chinese broccoli. Everything was delicious and tasted very fresh. The price was reasonable as well. I shall return. Thanks sis for picking the restaurant. :)
3	Gave this restaurant a try based on the reviews I read.  I got pad thai, soup, thai beef salad, and a pork salad.  Price was reasonable, salads were good but a little overdressed.  I thought the flavors were great.   I would eat here again, but still partial to an old favorite thai place which out of respect I won't mention.  Surangs will not let you down for a good thai meal - give it a try. Friendly staff also!
4	Very nice first showing for Surang's.  It's a little far for me to go to from home or work, but I was in the area getting a haircut and didn't hesitate to add another Thai restaurant review to my rapidly expanding "Thai so good you'll Chrai" list.  To be honest I've been a little disappointed in branching out to try new Thai joints lately, so maybe as a result of lowered expectations I was very pleased with their offerings.  I ordered my usual, a Basil Lunch Special with Chicken, spiced at level 7.  I was early showing up to pick it up but it didn't take long to get my food.  The restaurant itself seemed nice inside, though I wasn't a fan of the layout as there are some tables on either side of the front of the counter where I paid.  I felt like I was invading someone's private space while I waited.  Service was very friendly and I was in and out in about 4 minutes.Getting back to the office the first think I noticed which was a change from the norm was instead of coming with an egg-roll it had one of those triangular wonton things.  Yes I was embarrassed even typing that as I don't know their proper name.  It also had a crab rangoon!  The ! is because I've never seen a lunch special that included one, and given that I really shouldn't eat cream cheese with my lactose intolerance, I threw caution to the wind and enjoyed every bite of it.  The Chicken Basil itself was also very good.  It was of the ground up variety, and it was ground up very well.  Anyone who has followed my Thai reviews knows I don't like it when it's only semi ground up, or when there are fatty pieces, so seeing a finely ground version brings a smile to my face.   It actually was very reminiscent of Archi's version, which is a good thing in my book.  If anything I might give it the slightest of edges because it seemed less oily.  The spice level I thought was nearly perfect.  If anything it might not have been spicy enough for my liking of a 7, but it was close.They do offer brown rice for $1 I believe, but naturally I completely forgot to order it so I ended up with normal sticky white rice.  When all is said and done I thoroughly enjoyed Surang's, and I'm sure I'll end up there again during a future haircut (knock on wood that I still have hair for the foreseeable future)
4	Coming from California (most recently Long Beach), I have a picky taste when it comes to my Thai Food, which happens to be amongst my top 3 faves.  That said, coming to Las Vegas, I have tried a few different spots and have not been very impressed.  So when I came in to have a bite at Surang Thai, I was quite happy with my meal.  Food is great.  Particularly, I had spicy shrimp fried rice and Pad Ka Pow (spicy basil and grounded pork).  Customer service is great.  I had recently come back from Thailand, where all the food was amazingly tasty AND cheap.  So I had a friendly conversation with our server.Overall, it passed my taste test and when I have a chance to drive over to that area, Surang Thai is my preferred Thai spot of Las Vegas.
4	Never eaten at restaurant. Been ordering home delivery since July 2012. Ordered Pineapple Curry, OMG, Was out of this world, But anytime I ordered the pineapple curry again, it got watery and watery. I did not give up.Ordered again today (1/10/13), unfortunately the curry was even more watery, no flavored at all..:-(Going to give them another try soon and hoping for my first experience
4	Surang's is in my standard lunch rotation. I've never been here for dinner, so I can only comment on my many lunch experiences.For whatever reason, there are a lot of Thai places close to my office, but Surang's is my favorite. The lunch special is a great deal, which comes with the soup of the day, fried egg roll, and fried won ton. The lunch portions are generous. Service is always very friendly. However, because there's only one server, if you're there during a lunch rush and the restaurant is full, the service may not be as quick as usual. Normally that isn't an issue though.
4	The Yelp party never stops. A long day of drinking and rocking out at a UYE left a few of us stragglers to fend for ourselves. 8 hours after leaving brunch, we were finally sober and starving. Some of our first choices were closed and this area of town boasts a large selection of Thai restaurants.Anthony M. had suggested trying this place, so Jade W. and I filed suit. In Yelp fashion, we got a selection to share, took pictures of it all, and made mental notes on it all.Chicken Tom Yum: Possesses a strong tamarin flavor. It was what we all needed on a cold day.Mussels Crispy Pancake: I won't compare it to a Korean pancake, but it has its similarity. The edges are browned to perfection. The dipping sauce adds so many dimensions to the dish.Country Curry with Tofu: My least favorite dish. It is not like any curry I have ever had. It is more loose and had the consistency closer to a soup or broth. The vegetable components within were nice, but I could have passed on this.Crispy Pork: That was everything it had promised to be. Every open surface of the meat was seared to perfection. It did not matter how long it was sitting in the sauce, it was going to stay crispy. It reminded me of Korean pork belly or crispy patas. I would order it again in a heartbeat. Just hoping my heartbeat doesn't stop from how much I would consume. I am not a huge fan of Thai food, but Surang's was delicious.
4	I ended up at brunch and then spent the day with a few Yelpers until it was dinner time so we settled on grabbing something closeby. Anthony M, David S. and I did family style. Chicken tom yum - this was nice since it was cold outside! The base tamarind, lemongrass and keffir was bold which I appreciated. I don't like mild tom yums so this was happy indeed. Crispy pancake w/ mussels - I've never had a Thai pancake but love all forms of savory. The batter that holds it is chewy in like a mochi like texture and the outside is crispy and eggy. It's served with a sweet and sour type sauce which was good with it. Country curry with tofu - I've never had country curry and neither did they so we figured why not? It wasn't like any curry with sauce, it was a broth. It was plentiful with veggies and tofu but this dish wasn't memorable at all. We also already have a soup and it felt like we had two and this curry broth/sauce wasn't very strong at all. Pass on this. Crispy pork - oh noms! I love crispy pork and the garlicky sauce is great with it and zucchini slices. It's thin sliced and then fried so all the surface is crispy. It's great for fans of crispy pata, chicaron, or any other crispy pork bits. I like a tiny bit with vinegared chilis which kicks it up for me. Service was quiet, but decent and filled out waters and our hot tea. It's pretty obvious I love Thai food and am not normally in this area, but have been meaning to try it. I think it's rather solid and would say to give it a try.(Yelp 100 Challenge 21/100)
4	You can't go wrong at Surang's, good food, good service and decent prices here.
5	Yummmmmmmmmm.......Excellent Thai food, awesome staff & worth the extra drive for the quality of Thai food at Surang's.
5	Great service. Staff are friendly. I have had Lunch, Dinner, To Go and Delivery from this place. I love the casual atmosphere. And they are Vegetarian Friendly!The taste of the food is consistent no matter what time of the day I place an order. Highly Recommend.
4	Small. Friendly. Clean. Great food.
1	Best thing: the Thai egg rolls. Ordered delivery and was it would take 35-40 minutes it took almost an hour! I saw someone parked at my gate I didn't really think about it until 20 minutes pass and they finally call saying they can't get in my gate...I gave them the code twice before they even left their restaurant!!  We ordered the sweet and sour chicken and pad Thai chicken..both had very little flavor and sweet and sour chicken spilled out of the carton while in the bag-it was clear it was carelessly put into the container. They didn't apologize for it being late to offer a discount for this time or future visits. I most definitely will never be ordering from here again and will tell friends to avoid it!
4	Good Pad Thai and Spicy Basil.  I love good Thai and this is good!
4	Good Food.Good Service.It was quiet when i stepped in with my colleagues.Clean Restaurant, seems very down to earth atmosphere.Ordered Pad Thai with Shrimp and Chicken. It tasted great. Good Food Portions. I need to take a box. Dont forget to order there Thai Ice Tea.Will go there again to taste some other food item. i defiantly recommend.4 stars only because this is not the best i have experienced.
4	Surang's has become our fav Thai place in our neighborhood! It's a cute little family owned joint that serves up some yummy food. Every time we've been here we always sit at the same table and there has never been any other parties dining so the food comes out super fast! The food tastes authentic and is a perfect blend of spicy, sour & sweet! Some of our favs include Chicken Larb, Shrimp Panang Curry, Pad See Ewe, Mint Chicken & Chicken Tom Kha Soup! The soup doesn't come with the cool flame warming thing that most places serve theirs in but it's still just as hot and delicious! Service has always been friendly although sometimes there is a slight language barrier~My only gripe with this place are the chairs...I hate how far back the back base is.. I need more support for my back! LOL they should put some cushions on them or something~
4	I think this place just made it to my default lunch spots list.  The lady there today was really nice and attentive not to mention the food was good.  I tried the Chicken Pad Thai lunch special and along with a thai iced tea.  To start off, I love the thai iced tea and it's a pretty large cup compared to some other places I have been to.   The pad thai was also a good portion, at least for me. There are times when I get a chicken pad thai at other locations the chicken can be a bit dry, but not this place.I have tried other restaurants around the area, not just thai but this is the first place that I would say I did not feel like I wasted money on bad food and I left satisfied.
5	This place is the best!!We frequent Surang's very often and have never leave disappointed. There are plenty of other Thai places that are considerably closer to our home, but we like this place so much that we make the 30+ minute drive for a delicious meal. I like the Kung Pao and Cashew Chicken dishes, which like most Thai places offer you a level of spice/heat that seems to fit my fancy if I am looking for an extra kick in my meal. Staff is friendly and the restaurant is clean. Nothing special about the decor, but when the food is that good, there is no need to care about the decor.
3	I love thai food, so this review compared Surang Thai Chicken to my two favorite local thai spots, Lotus of Siam and Le Thai downtown. I think this is a great option for a solid thai dinner that offers home delivery. The green curry had a little too much butter, but the fried rice was great. My friend got the pad thai and said it was okay, but not his favorite.Bottom line is that this should be the go-to thai delivery option for those of us in Summerlin.
2	Very unfulfilled to say the least and we were very hungry. We ordered from the lunch menu. The soup was not very good. Yellow curry was very average and pad thai was lower than average. Their won ton was pretty good. The waitress was nice. Overall I have to say there are much better Thai options available in the area. I wouldn't recommend
5	Best I have ever had I was on vacation in Las Vegas but I always eat off the strip this time I went way off and found a jewel.
4	First time here. Had the lunch specials. Fried rice, pad thai, crab rangoon & some mixed veggie-meat entree. All really good. Prices are very reasonable also. Pretty good amount of serving also. Service was great. Will give 5 stars after a few more visits, make sure its consistent. If only their thai tea was bottomless, wouldve given them a perfect rating right away.
5	Very tasty! I was in the area, and anytime there's an opportunity to try a Thai place, I jump at that opportunity. This place did not disappoint. I had a quick look at the lunch menu and at the very top, Pad Thai, listing its ingredients and right there first on the list was tamarind juice -- an ingredient missing a lot of times I think from the many of the so-called Pad Thai dishes here in Las Vegas. I just had to try it. Again, very tasty. I think I found a top contender in my quest for a good authentic Pad Thai.
2	2 of us for dinner on a Saturday night, it was very quite inside this strip mall location.The waiter/cashier mis-understood our order, and we did not get one of our dishes. I missed out trying the Pad Thai, that could have swayed my experience. Also,I kept hearing the microwave oven turning on throught the kitchen. Not o good sound!I will not be back. Meh meh meh
3	I found this place a year ago & I have never had any problems with eating here. If I'm ever in the mood for Thai food, I usually come here. Their Thai tea is good as well as their customer service & their lunch specials are always a plus.
5	My father introduced me to this place. He often orders the fried tofu, pork jerky, and the lunch special mixed vegetable with beef. I am a fan of Thai food. My favorite is the lunch special spicy basil with ground beef and a fried egg on the side. From the moment I stepped foot in this restaurant, I was greeted with a friendly smile and over the top service. The price fits the portions and for me it is comfort food.
5	Yum! My favorite thai place and it just so happens to be down the street! I messed up once and went to Panna but their food was nowhere near as good. I've lived in Thailand and this is killer.Usually get:Pad Thai w/ pork spicy 5Papaya Salad w/ no dried Shrimp spicy 5Fried spring rollSticky ricePad Kea Mow with pork spicy 5-6Have tried other dishes as well and everything is amazing.Best. Thai. Tea. Perfect level of so iciness and creaminess. Just like in Bangkok ;)
1	Very bad customer service. Unbelievably rude. Don't ever get there delivery service. Because if they mess up on your order they are not going to fix it unless you order more food. Besides the food is not all that good.My advice to the owner of the restaurant is to train your employees on what's acceptable customer service and good hospitality here in The United States.
4	Ordered food to go on Sunday 2/16/14. We got the stuffed chicken which was ok. The spicy basil with ground chicken was delicious, spice level at 4 was just enough heat! Also got chicken satay and green curry at a spice level of 2, both very good as well. The gentleman who helped me was very nice and patient, I wasn't sure about the menu. I would like to come back to try out more items off their menu
1	That's unfortunate. Even without tasting the food I was turned off after hearing about the "bad customer" list.
5	This is my favorite Thai place! I love authentic flavor! No short cuts here. Best Thai tea in Vegas! The staff is friendly. Yen ta-fo is a must have here! The perfect about of sour and mixed with seafood! YUMMY
5	Loved the place.. Very DELICIOUS!!  We had the beef jerky, crispy pork and fried rice crab.. all were very tasty. Highly recommended! The fried rice had actual crab meat! No immitation or any fake crab meat. It was sooo goood.  the server guy is also very nice.
4	Great option for Thai in the southwest. Came because of positive yelp reviews. Definitely a good choice. Go to items: panang curry, papaya salad, pad Thai, pad see ewe. The spice level here isn't too bad so order hotter if you like it spicy. Quick delivery too!
2	BF works nearby, found through the Yelp app to order delivery- arrived in a timely manner, ordered the fish cakes and tom kha soup, $22 with delivery fee.Fishcakes were fine, might even say good.Tom kha was watery instead of creamy. Soup tasted like spicy water.Afterward, got sick. I'll assume it was the "soup". Not going to bother giving this place another try, too many other Thai places in Vegas.
5	Grade A quality food as well as quantity. Always good service. Love the place.Whenever you step in they smile and make you feel welcome. MUST TRY: Spicy fried rice. You pick your level of spicy from 1-10.
3	I've been here over and over again.the food is always delicious and the service is great...I tip well so maybe you 2$-5$ tippers might not get the sand
5	Absolutely delicious food! And service was great, the waitress was kind and patient with us. Definitely going back.
2	I have eaten at the restaurant before and the food was decent. I decided to get delivery from them. What can I say very very disappointed! First time, I ordered I asked everything to be a 10. Yes I love spicy food. It was maybe a 5. I ordered delivery again and told them I wanted it spicier then a 10...what did I get? I got a 0. No spice in anything. Bland central! The girl on the phone said she was going to pack extra chili sauce and there was none...all the food was a 0 on the spice level. Very very disappointed. I guess I will be going back to Thai Noodle House down the street from them where they do make it spicy when u request it.
5	Came here for lunch and was happy with their lunch special. The lunch came with tofu soup, crab rangoon and a fried wonton. Portions were nice and food wasn't too greasy or salty. Service was good and staff was friendly
5	Love the lunch specials here! Tasty food, decent portions, great service, plenty of parking. Would recommend to anyone in the mood for Thai food.
5	This place is absolutely incredible. INCREDIBLE. The service is top notch - the servers recognize us the moment we walk in the door and are so warm and friendly. The food is authentic and reminds me so much of a good home cooked meal that I get homesick for Asia. I think the only bad thing is that we live outside of their delivery area...orrrrrr maybe that's a GOOD thing because I wouldn't have any money left after trying to force them to take my entire paycheck!!
1	I haven't had their Thai food for a few years, so I decided to order take out from this place.  Never again!  They have now raised their price significantly and their yellow curry with chicken is now over $10.  What do you get?  Only about 5-6 pieces of chicken meat and 3 pieces of potato.  The rest is just liquid curry.  I expected the curry to be thicker with some substance to it, but it wasn't.  It was like watered down curry. Not at all what it should be like. It wasn't until I was about to throw away the styrofoam container that it came in that I saw that the container had deteriorated.  I think the curry sauce or liquid was actually eating away at the container.  They use very cheap containers and now I remember why I stopped coming here.  The curry I ordered last time was funny tasting because of the same issue.  The container had melted away into the curry sauce.  I remember bringing this issue up with them last time and obviously nothing was done about it.  NOT GOOD!!  Bottom line, don't order any curry to take out!!!
5	Ordered the Pad thai w chicken and beef jerky to go.   Both were amazing!!!  Service was quick and server was polite and inviting.  Everything looked very clean and I am looking forward to coming back and eating into enjoy with some drinks.  Very close to our home so we are within delivery range.   Yes!!!  Portions were large enough to have left overs and they were yummy too!!!
1	Bad service..waitress made mistake about our order and another waitress blamed on us...WHAT??!! However, the younger waitress is nice......Meat and seafood is not fresh.... the food is more at sour side.....we r the only customer in the lunch time....wrong wrong decision to eat here...the thai style noodle house is much more better (which is within 2 minutes walk way)...
4	We came here on a Saturday evening and ordered1. Pad thai beef, 9.952. Spicy eggplant with tofu, 8.953. Yellow curry chicken, 9.95 for 35- Seated and ordered quickly. Food came fresh to us within 10 minutes. - Friendly and attentive service. Clean restaurant. - white rice not in a single portion but in a family style rice bowl. plus! - Medium tasted like a mild. Good thing they gave a spice rack. - Flavoring was robust but I think it's because they added too much fish sauce. Started to taste like Filipino food. Haha. - Eggplant was soft and cooked thoroughly. A bit too oily. - Yellow curry tasted great. Potato and carrot slices had nice ridges and cut very well. Onion slices too big. - Beef in pad thai was tender. Noodles were a bit chewy. Average.
5	Surang's has never let me down. The food quality is high, the taste is fantastic, they consistently provide delicious and authentic Thai food. My usual picks are chicken green curry, beef Pad Se Ew, or masaman curry- all very tasty. The Thai beef jersey is delicious
5	Absolutely delish!  The silver noodle soup and shrimp fried rice are excellent! The soup had lots of veggies and the rice has a great flavor. My new favorite lunch spot.
4	The dining room is never particularly busy here, but they are always fulfilling a ton of to-go orders for their regulars. We've somehow ended up here after making big life decisions, e.g. finding a house, finding our wedding venue. Kind of an odd place to end up, but my husband and I like the quietness of the restaurant. Their Thai tea is strong for a non-coffee drinker like me and kept me up all night, but my brother really enjoyed it. My go-to dishes are the papaya salad, chicken pad thai and thai toasted (yummy appetizer). They can accommodate all different types of spiciness levels, so just let them know if you have a preference. Servers are always very hospitable and attentive, so nothing to ever really complain about. Parking is super easy in this large strip mall area that doesn't really have any other businesses attracting many people during dinnertime. I'm afraid this place may succumb to closure due to it's location, so if you are looking for a solid Thai option on the westside, look no further!
5	Nice clean restaurant. Food was delicious, we had fried won tons & beef jerk for appetizers (serving size was perfect) Shrimp fried rice, and Tom Yum soup was so flavorful and plenty for two to share. Will definitiely return,  customer service was great!
4	Had several dishes from here last night and they were real good. Crab Rangoon was a nice appetizer, but no real crab taste. Green curry with chicken was as good as any I've had (5 on spice scale)   Pad Thai was ok could have had a little more moisture   Pad lee mow was excellent. Crisp fresh vegetables. Stay away from the Basil Crispy Pork !!!!!!Maybe that was an off night for that dish.
3	I really liked this place before, but it seems as though they haven't been on their game lately.  Not as much meat in their items as I've gotten in the past.  Also, the last couple of times I've called orders in for pick up, I've been given chicken instead of beef.  Get it together Surang!  I have closer Thai options, but have always been loyal to you.  I guess I'm going to give some of the other Thai spots a shot...maybe I'll be back, maybe I won't?
4	I have been eating Pad Thai TakeOut for lunch at least once a week for the last few months. Ive tried, Archies, Pin Know and a few others. Today I gave Surongs a shot and I was SO impressed. The portion size was HUGE! I still have enough for dinner leftovers. The noodles weren't over cooked and sticky like other places. I ordered a 7 spicy which was the perfect amount of kick. The order also came out piping HOT, which is unusual for take out. They were also very fast. I ordered over the phone and they had it ready in 8 minutes. The only reason I gave 4/5 stars was the noodles were kind of oily and they charge a $.50 fee for card purchases below $15. My chicken pad thai came to $9.10 including the fee.
