4	Good place for soft tofu soup.  The side dishes are good but always the same every time.  Prices are a little high but the place is spotless and portions large.   Take any friends scared of Korean food to ease into it here.
5	Food overall was good (Tofu soup, grilled meat, etc.).  There wasn't really any dish I could knock.  Serving size for lunch dishes was still pretty large.  The wait staff was pretty helpful in helping me pick something good that I've never had before.  Hell, I even think the water they serve there is bottled, not tap!
4	Probably this is the best Korean restaurant around Phoenix area. Personally i think it is better than Kodori. At least the waiter/waitress are bit nicer :). The qualify of the food is good but the price is a bit high.
2	WHAT THE HELL?? We're regulars no more after our last visit.  Thoroughly ignored by the wait staff and nary an apology.  We will not go back!
4	We visit Chodang on a regular basis!  Food is always consistent and hot!  Love the tofu soup and seafood pancake.  And of course, the kimchee is excellent.  Service is always great!
4	Closest thing to excellent Korea food in PHX (that I've tried).I've been to 4 other Korean restaurants around town and this is the only one that I have been back to more than once.  I'd say we've hit this place 6 times since they opened.  This is comparable to some of the Korean we've had in Japan (yes I know, weird, but the Japanese love Korean food), New york and Seattle (big Korean community). First of all, this place hits a chord with me because it is not a cook-it-yourself barbeque place.  While the grill on the table is fun and all, I'd rather spend my time chatting with family/friends, downing Soju and Hite and chomping on spicy squid, bi bim bap and seafood pancake.Killer dishes include the aforementioned dolsot bi bim bap (google it if you don't know it), spicy squid with pork, seafood pancake, dumplings, all manner of tofu soup (with egg of course), the standard bbq (bulgogi/kalbi, etc) and of course the lovely, lovely refillable sides (kimchee, seaweed, apple salad, I could go on...).Cold Hite (beer), not a bad selection of soju (sweet-potato liquor), and refillable drinks for the kids.  In my mind, you just can't go wrong.Service was lacking.  They were understaffed on the last two visits and had a help wanted sign up.  Still, the food made the wait and lack of attention worth it.  They are 1 waiter away from making it really work.Cons - Its cold in here.  My kids always want to wear their fleeces or a sweater (even in the summer).  Not that cheap.. especially if you like to hit multiple dishes.  For a family of 4, we usually do 3 dishes with beers and we're out the door at $80+.  Not crazy, but its not cheap.  Service.  Last few times, they needed 1 or 2 more staff to make it shine.Pros - The food, the food, the food.  Need I say more?
3	Showed up here to eat with about 10 co-workers.  Initial service was prompt with our order taken in about 2 mintues.  Drinks arrived shortly after.  I ordered the spicy pork dish which is accompanied by a small bowl of rice and the requisite Korean side dishes.  The pork was tasty, and a bit spicy, but on the fatty side.  The sides were mostly un-remarkable.  All in all, it was fun to try something new, but there was nothing here that I experienced that would bring me back.I did read the other reviews that talked about the soups, so I might have to give it another shot ... so many places to try, so little time/money.
4	We loved it! Spicy, hot, flavourful and the "side dishes" are quite a treat. This is one of our favorite lunch spots with the folks from work. The prices are low, the people are very friendly, and the food is great!  What more could you ask for?And when we go for lunch it is never a problem to get back to work on time, the service is so quick. You just have to remember that if you need a server they will not just be strolling by, you need to press the call button located on the wall by each table, then they are right there.They are not open on Tuesdays, don't know why
3	Not that I know what good or real Korean is...but I am a fan of any good asian-type cuisine. Simple decor and we were attended to quickly (I think we were the second table). The table ordered the Korean BBQ ribs and I got the dolsot (I think). The meat was greasy, fatty with very light sweet sauce - just the way it's supposed to be. The dolsot came served in a huge stone smoking hot bowl. You have to stir it with your spoon to get all the rice, veggies and meat mixed up and a little crispy hot. Not  a lot of flavor but an interesting option for something new.The sides were good though maybe uninspired. Who knew that Koreans ate appleas and mayonnaise just like I did in the midwest! It was a good sweetness to counter the spicy kim-chee!A good option in downtown Chandler when you want to eat outside the box.
4	I haven't ever had the BBQ meats here because the other Korean dishes Chodang offers are really good.  The ba bim bop is has really fresh ingredients and comes in a normal temp dish or a stone pot.  I recommend getting the one that comes in the stone pot.  I normally eat the spicy pork soup or tofu soup and both of these dishes are offered in a varying degree of spicy between 1 and 5.  They're supposed to be served relatively spicy so go with a 3 or higher if you can handle it.  Also he soups come piping hot to your granite table and the server will ask if you want an egg added - if you're "ok" with eggs but not sure if it'll taste good with your soup- just say "yes".  Trust me.The pun chun  (the small dishes of food they bring to you before the meal) is pretty good.  The kimchee is hit and miss but often times it tastes good.  The other dishes seem to vary depending on what they have available but for the most part it's all quite tasty.I've only eaten here for dinner but I've eaten here often and know that the food is consistently good.  Everyone I've brought with me to this place loves it.  Special note: Slow down and approach at an angle when you drive into the parking lot - it's kinda steep and bumpy.
5	This is one of our favorite places to eat here in Chandler.  Delicious, well-presented foods, great variety, awesome side dishes, and a quiet, well-lit dining room.  The portions are enormous, so plan to bring some home, or share a meal with someone.  My only complaint would be about the background music (Kenny G? Really?).
3	Visiting Arizona for a work related thing.. my cousin and her family decided to pick me up and let me hang out with for the day before the busy training course begins.We check into my room.. hang out in the room for a bit.. then we head out for some dinner..Korean always sounds good.. so they take me here..Their warning was that the outside didn't look all that great.. but the interior and the food was really good.I had the bimbimbap (sp?) in the stone pot and it was really good.  It came with a side of the hot sauce so I could put it to my liking.  There wasn't much meat and it was more full of vegetables but it was still really good.My cousin had the beef bbq and that was good..The service wasn't really great.. they got busy and we felt like they forgot us.. they forgot to refill our waters.. and then they forgot to give the bill to our table and we had to go up to the front.It was good.. and if I were to come back into town.. I'd come back to try some of their soups..
3	I hate giving Chodang 3 stars when I know I'm going to become a regular, but I've had truly outstanding Korean food in my lifetime in Seattle, San Jose, and Flushing and just can't pull 4 stars out of my hat this time.The tofu soup was exactly right.  The Kalbi could have been a little more tender, but the flavor was perfect.  And I really enjoyed the generous side dishes.  I do hope they expand their menu to include more of the traditional Korean casseroles.
4	This is the best Korean restaurant I have ever tried.  I didn't think I cared much for Korean food before eating here.  The server was a male college student and he was very helpful and attentive.  I ordered the tofu soup and really liked it.  I also thought the complimentary side dishes were fun and liked all but one or two of them.  I am glad I tried this place.
2	This place has been open fro awhile now and I finally got to try it out. I was in the area with a friend of mine who constantly talked about how breat this places side dishes were. When we pulled up I was surprised to see the exterior of the building. Not so appealing from the outside, neither was the area it is in. The inside was much better but nothing like some of the places in LA this restaurant is based off of. The waitress that day seemed a gloomy and unwelcoming with her blank expressions and straight to the point service. I would have enjoyed the service a bit more if she was a bit more  enthusiastic. It wasn't till the end of our meal when we engaged conversation with her that she cracked a smile. We ordered the tofu stew, since this is their specialty. I got the kimchee beef and my friend got the mushroom and beef. I like that they have the stone pots for the rice since no one else here in AZ does it. The rice came out a bit on the wet side but I was so hungry at this point it didn't matter. The sides that were presented to us was not very exciting. I don't know what all the hype was about the sides, it was just like any other place but a lot less. We only got 4 sides and one of them being roasted seaweed. Come on now, anyone can cut that up and serve it, I want something that I can't do at home. The stew was ok at best and did have a good amount of meat which is good. All in all the service was ok, could have been better if my water was ever refilled. The food was ok nothing too exciting. A good place to go if you live in the area but like most of us who do not, not worth the drive. Possibly a harsh review since there are only a few Korean places in town but wouldn't you think since there are only a handful here and for some reason they all do tofu stew and a specialty that one would get it right. or at least enough for AZ but not this one to say the least.
4	We went here last night for the first time.  It is true that the exterior of the building is a tiny bit shady but it's not as bad as I thought.  I think the problem is horrible lighting since there aren't many building around that area.  The place is really clean and and welcoming.  The servers were nice and the food was way better than Hodori...both in Mesa and L.A.  We are totally glad that we tried this place and will be regulars from now on.   *Food = very good.  -Beef and Seafood Sundubu actually had oyster in it-Chodang Galbi = it was marinated very well-Side dishes = 6 totally YUMMY sides-Rice = STONE pot!*Ambiance = friendly, comfortable and very clean*Service = pretty good*Price = average for AZ One thing though...I miss the sundubu and meat combination at BCD Tofu House in L.A.  If Chodang start offering combinations, oh I would so be there at least once a week!
4	There is a time and a place for everything. Ice cream on warm days, hearty stews in the dead of winter, hot dogs on the 4th of July and hot bubbling soup in the cool evenings. This past weekend the weather was mild and cool, moisture still in the air from the rain which brought out the craving for Soon Tofu. If you're unfamiliar with Soon Tofu, to be warned, it's all about the drama, the taste and the satisfaction that not many soups can bring. Essentially its spicy Korean soft tofu soup, though could also be considered a stew since its so hearty and rib sticking. After nosing around a bit Ive found that not only do we lack the ethnic eateries like those found in LA, but also lack a dedicated Soon Tofu establishments. That is until I heard about Chodang Tofu and B.B.Q..Located in an extremely plain and unassuming building you'll be completely surprised when you walk in. Gorgeous hardwood floors and wood work through out with a friendly staff that immediately helps you to feel welcome and relaxed. Chodang offers your usual suspects of Korean B.B.Q., but has an arsenal of cold noodle salads and of course Soon Tofu. As soon as your order is placed they bring out whats called banchan which are several different side dishes in varying tastes and interest. Bean sprouts drizzled with sesame seed oil, kimchi, pickled sea weed and sometimes odd items like potato salad, or in our case a apple and cucumber Waldforf type salad. Now there is no need for this but we started with one of the noodles salads, #63, Chik Bibim Nyung-Myun ($9.95). So cool and refreshing this would be the perfect summer evening dish. Shredded cabbage mixed with long stretchy black arrowroot noodles all layered in a slightly spicy and pungent dressing. The arrowroot noodles are like those you've never tried before, Id lovingly call them edible rubber bands, they have plenty of pull spring and snap. The Soon Tofu comes in 11 different variations ranging from seafood to fish roe as well as pork, beef and dumpling. With such an interesting range of set ups, it's simply about what you're in the mood for. On this visit #9 was calling ($9.25), a spicy red broth, with garlic, chili, silken tofu with a handful of perfectly cooked vegetable dumplings. When they bring out your Soon Tofu, this is where the drama starts, its wheeled on a stainless steel cart and when you see the soup you'll know why. Its served in an earthenware pot that's been heated in the oven and is blazing hot, its literally boiling. Then the server cracks a raw egg into the boiling soup which cooks amongst the scalding broth. What drama, what showmanship, how often can you say you had dinner and a show? Also with the show comes a bowl steamed rice. Korean rice is generally wetter then those found elsewhere which only adds to the sticky texture. Since each diner get their own bowl of rice, you simply spoon small amounts of tofu soup onto the rice and eat away.No matter what the time of the year, know that Chodang Tofu can satisfy your inner cravings.
5	Chodang GOOD!! If on the cusp of starvation this is the place because not only do you obtain a grip of tasty food; but it is also served in a desired, rumble-of-the-stomach, friendly pace. Moreover, it is the closest one could get to authentic Korean cuisine in AZ; although, Chodang might seem little expensive, the quality and the quantity is definitely worth your time and your mouth. We recommend the jap chae (fried glass noodles with beef and veggies), the daeji bulgogi (spicy bbq pork with rice) and the tofu soup with spicy bean paste--the little side dishes are amazing. As a little side note to the wise, the dried seaweed sheets are supposed to be used as a wrap: perfect for a little rice and a tender piece of daeji bulgogi.
5	I love Cho Dang and have had a good meal every time I have been there.  The first time we were there the server spoke perfect english (not always a guarantee here) and was able to explain to us what was popular and some of her favorites.  If we didn't have this help we may not have had as good of an experience.  With this in mind, let me suggest a first time meal for those that want to try this place out.  I go with my girlfriend and we usually get 2 meals and split them.  Order 1 tofu soup (dumpling and mushroom are our favorites) and order the Beef Bulgogi (Korean BBQ).  They will ask if you want an egg in your soup, go for it!  Rice made in a stone bowl comes with soup and regular rice comes with the Bulgogi.  The sides that come with it are great too.  You do not get to choose, they come with the meal so don't review the place and complain about not having a choice.  They give you 6 and they will fill them up if you need more.  They are very fresh too.If you enjoy the first meal and want to go back I suggest always ordering one new item and one you know is good.  That way you can experiment but not ruin the experience with 2 new dishes you may not enjoy.  There are a few soup-type dishes I really enjoy as well as a dumpling dish.  The staff is friendly, attentive and if they aren't there is a button at the table to summon them!  I see what I assume are Koreans there all the time and we are often the only ones that aren't.  We are kind of regulars and they know of us as the ones who love the seaweed.  By seaweed I mean the side that is wet and in a mild vinegar-y liquid.  I order extra when I get take-out because it is so yummy.  Sometimes they make a sesame flavored seaweed for the side that isn't as tasty.Either way, I have been here no less than 30 times and I enjoy myself every time.  I leave satisfied, stuffed, and with a healthy portion of leftovers.  And for how much?  Usually in the $20-30 range for 2 meals, 2 iced teas, and the included sides.  From the location and the outside it isn't anything special.  But it is a nice little oasis in the middle of El Chandlero.
5	This is my benchmark for Bulgogi even after I moved back to Silicon Valley, where there are a ton of Korean restaurants. They also serve excellent tofu soup and cold noodles.
5	Great Korean FOOD!i just love the korean bbq therethere's not alot of korean resturaunts herebut when i went to Chodang i was amazed on how great there service was...All i want to say is this place is the SHIT!
3	It had been awhile since we had Korean food, so yesterday we headed over to Chodang. Had it not been for Yelp, I would not have known it was there. I'm glad to find it. It's a fairly small place compared to other restaurants like Takamatsu in Chandler, but not too small. Kinda cozy I guess. Anyway, we ordered the bulgogi dinner plate (about $14.00), the bulgogi lunch plate ($8.50) and bibimbap. They messed up our order a little though, and the bulgogi lunch plate ended up being kalbi, but that was okay. Actually, the kalbi was better than the bulgogi. The portions were a decent size, at least average with the dinner plate being above average. Other reviewers have said this is the best Korean food in Phoenix. I cannot agree with that. I have had better. However, this was pretty darn good. The bulgogi was about average, but the kalbi was very good. My wife also enjoyed the bibimbap. As is customary, they brought out the usual assortment of kim chi and other side dishes, and that was all great. We discovered that our 2 year old loves kim/nori! He ended up eating three servings of the stuff! Other than messing up our order, which was a blessing in disguise, the service was very good and friendly. Even though this is not the best Korean food in town, it was good enough. We'll be back.
4	Chodang is probably the best Korean restaurant in Southern Phoenix.It is clean and food is delicious. However, I think the price is bit high. I guess may be it is because of the free cold dishes they offer?
5	Everytime I think of Chodang my mouth waters. I love the spicy tofu soup they serve here along with their korean style dumplings. Their portions are just right. If you don't like spicy foods you can tell them to not make it spicy. I also love the condiments they serve before the meal. Love it!I like their decor. The tables and walls really go together and you definitely feel like you're at an asian restaurant. Everything is neat and clean (even the bathrooms).
3	I first tried Chodang when it first opened and I thought it was great. Although the area was run down, the interior was new and clean. Over time it seems like the quality of their food has gotten worse. The tofu soup has became more bland and the seafood tofu soup barely has any seafood. The only thing I go back for now is the bimbimbop, which is still the best in the east valley. The beef and veggie served in a sizzling pot with a raw egg on top is delicious. If you want good tofu soup then go to Hodori, but if you want a good bimbimbap then head down to Chodang.
5	Chodang, je t'aime. I at least have to come here every couple of weeks or else I start talking in my sleep about Korean food. :)I've been here so many times, I've had #41, #23, #24, and the Udon noodle. SOOO good! The only thing I wish they would do different is play some Korean-pop music or some Korean music. The food is magnificent and the kimchi is delightful. I will definitely come back here whenever I have Korean cravings. Till next time...
4	My wife and I went to Chodang on Friday for lunch.  They were pretty darn crowded, but service was good and fast -- I was pleasantly surprised.  As some other posters have said, the menu is limited but their tofu soups are excellent.  My wife ordered her favorite seafood tofu soup and I had mandoo tofu soup.  Both were excellent with the stone bowl of rice.  Since I knew we were going to still be hungry with only soup, I order a lunch portion of Tonkatsu (pork cutlet).  I was pleasantly surprised that the lunch portion was two good sized cutlets, a green salad, with a side order of potato salad.  It also came with soup and the standard banchans.  We were satisfied with both the price, quality, and amount of food.  We still will go back again and I have not noticed a drop-off of quality like some other poster may have mentioned.
4	It's good, authentic Korean food. I had the BBQ pork.  Spicy, but in a good way. The place looks kinda sketchy from the outside.  Inside it's simple, but what matters is the food, and it delivers.  Will go back again.
4	Chodang Chodang, I am back again!Just got back from a friend's bday dinner at Chodang, and the food just made me smile. I shared #5 (Kimchi Tofu Soup with Beef), #21 (Calbi), and some of Gyoza with a friend. Delish! I especially like the Calbi (baby ribs), the sauce was a bit sweet, but well accompanied with our spicy tofu soup. The soup was loaded with kimchi, tofu, and beef, we had it in spicy, which means you will sweat!!! I have tried many other dishes here too, and I don't remember anyone to be not good... definitely my first choice whenever I'm craving for Korean food.
5	Chodang is right down the street from our house, I have no idea why I've never seen the place.  At first glance it looks like it might not be open, I think the sunlight hits the windows so you can't see the OPEN sign.  At any rate it was an amazing find.  The staff was really pleasant and prompt.  The food was great.  We had the Sea-food soup (with an egg)  and the Bulgoki and both were supreme.  They serve everything with a bunch of side dishes, most of which I've never had before.  Their Kimchi was also excellent and I really enjoyed the flat seaweed wafer thingies, basically all the sides were tasty, tho a couple were too spicy for me to handle.  It's not one of those Korean restaurants where you get to grill your own food, but for me that's okay too since I also like to sit back and relax sometimes instead of be grill-master.  Also I wouldn't consider myself to be an expert on Korean cuisine, though I've been to a handful of other establishments.   Still, this one was very enjoyable, affordable, and had a good vibe.We definitely have plans to walk there sometime (when it's not sweltering hot) and get our drink on with their collection of Soju.  (Kinda like Korea's version of Sake but sweeter)
5	Chodang is definitely the best Korean restaurant on the East side.  I just wish they didn't situate themselves in the middle of nowhere. Chodang serves the kind of food that you can only find in Los Angeles.  Not only is their food delicious, they're open 24/7!    The decor of the place is really nice and it's a nice clean place.  Definitely give this place a try!
4	I love this place.  It's rare that here in the Valley you can find very good Korean food.  Here it is!
4	Great place! I've never really been a fan of trying new things. If I find something I like, I get it over and over and over. The girlfriends birthday came around and she told me that all she wanted was to try something different...so we went to Chodang. Different is definitely the word I would use, but in a good way. They start the meal by bringing out 6 small appetizers (we weren't sure what to do with them the first time we went there. do we put mix it with the food, do we eat it separately?) The entrees arrived promptly and were delicious. Service was excellent. We took my parents there a second time as well and they seemed to enjoy it as well. Anytime you're in the mood to try something a little different and alot tasty I would recommend Chodang.
5	I didn't know anything about Korean food before first visiting Chodang Tofu & BBQ, but the food here inspired me to start making kimchi and grilling bulgogi at home. My wife loves tofu, so she gets a different type of tofu soup each time we go. The grilled dishes and the hot stone-bowl rice/egg dish (bibimbap) come from the kitchen sizzling violently, so there's a bit of theater when these dishes are served. We love the little appetizers, like kimchi and marinated bean sprouts, that accompany the meal. You get the full set of six even if you just order a lunch bowl, and it's more food than I can finish.The atmosphere is surprisingly pleasant inside given the seedy nature of the exterior and neighborhood (I always wonder why they picked that location; I get nervous leaving my car in back). The interior is clean and orderly with a spare, Asian look that's very appealing. It's easy to imagine you're in a peaceful little family restaurant in Seoul, never mind the potential for gun violence outside.This is a great place for lunch and groups, just be aware that they are closed on Tuesdays (I learned that lesson the hard way and ended up consoling myself at Elmer's Tacos). Eating here is a must if you live around Chandler and like to try new things (assuming you're not Korean, in which case, try Elmer's).
5	I love this place!!I miss my Chodang dearly. It's been approximately 4 months since my last chow-down. Now I can come back every other week and enjoy some great Korean food once again. I really should try everything on the menu. Today's order was #8 the one before that was #21. I did enjoy the octopus dish... I'm salivating thinking about it.
5	this place is pretty legit. they have dol sot bi bim bop WITH A REAL RAW EGG. mmm tasty goodness. i love when that egg cooks perfectly in the hot mixture of rice, veggies, and beef. so delicious.service here is great. very attentive even though they have 1 or 2 waitresses max on any given night. they definitely hustle and make sure that you have everything you need. atmosphere of the place is comfortable and clean. you feel welcome to spend your time enjoying your food and relaxing.try the dol sot bi bim bop or the short ribs. both dishes are absolutely delicious and come with all the tasty korean sides (kimchi, sprouts, potato salad, spinach and so on). you'll feel like your stomach will explode with tastiness at the end of your meal. they also have the hot tofu soup too which i havent tried yet, but i'm definitely coming back a ton so i'm sure i'll pretty much figure out the menu for ya :).
5	I love Cho Dang!  The tofu kimchi soup was perfectly seasoned, just spicy enough, and had the perfect texture.  Good flavor also in the bulgogi and jap chae.  The kimchi tasted housemade and not from a bottle and all of the panchan was fresh. Excellent and friendly service and more reasonably priced than other Phoenix area Korean fare. A new fave!
2	Food is still good. However, the service sucks. We went there about one hour before closing. The waitress was trying to rush us out so that she could go clubbing.Not thinking about going back there unless it got a new waitress.
4	Being half Korean, I should know by now that I will never receive perfect service from a Korean restaurant, but one can only hope.  Unless you are extra Asian, the lady will ask you what number you want on the menu.  Regardless, I rarely visit Asian restaurants for their superb customer service, but I go for the food.My favorite dish is their Dol Sot Bi Bim Bop for the flavor and the price.  It's $5.00 cheaper than Hodori in Mesa and the portion is just as big.  As far as the Bulgogi or KalBi....eh.  Bulgogi is on the chewy side and the Kalbi is a little too sweet for my liking.  They do come out with some pretty good bapchan (side dishes).  I just don't know if they make them all from scratch or buy from Asiana Market in Mesa.  It's clean, its nommy, and I'm so glad that it's across the street from my house.
5	I love Chodang!!!  Craving it now just writing this review. I go there regularly, and have also gotten take out a few times as well.  I usually go with the dol sot bibimbop, which I love.  It's authentic (well, at least to me, but I'm not Korean), and comes in the hot bowl with the raw egg.  Yum!!!  Also gotten the bibimbop take out and the portions are very generous.  I feel like with the take out, I end up with 2 full meals, but eating in, I end up with 1.5 meals.I LOVE their sides as well.  So good!  And they include several with the takeout as well.This restaurant is always consistent, and the food always comes out very fast.  It can get busy, but it's worth it.As for the lack of the personal grills, I actually think that's a bonus here!  Yes, it's fun to cook your own food, but then you smell like it and have to wash your hair and clothes.  At Chodang, you dont' have to take your coat to the dry cleaners after eating there.  It's nice to be a place that's not smoky, and is clean and free of lingering smells.
3	The side dishes was not bad, although could use some fish cakes.We ordered Bulgolgi ($14.95) and Seafood Tofu soup ($9.95). I like that they cracked 2 eggs into the soup. The soup was okay, could use a bit more seafood in it. I was disappointed with the presentation when the bulgogi when it came out. The color doesn't look appealing and there wasn't smoking like it should. It look like it has been heat up. The taste is just okay.Also, I didn't like how their rice was kind of soggy instead of sticky. The price may be pricier compared to what you can get in California.
4	Delicious!  I'm so happy I tried this place, will definitely be going back.
5	Finally brought the Wife here for lunch. I had the Bulgogi Special. And wife had a Tofu Soup that she loved.. She is usually very picky when it comes to Asian cuisine. We will definitely be back. All the food we have tried so far has been consistent and Very good quality. Prices are a tad bit high, but well worth the quality of food. Each time I have been there, the service is great as well.
4	Went on a Monday and the place was pretty empty.Service was excellent and the people who served me were friendly and more than willing to spend the time happily describing the dishes to someone like me not familiar with Korean cuisine.Ordered the Bulgolgi.  Good flavor. A bit too much of the same food for one person but would have been great to share.The happy service kicked them to 4 stars.Would go back
4	okay, come here for their tofu soups.  best one in the valley if u like them hot and thick and spicy.  a plus too that they serve their rice in a hot stone pot separately.i won't come here for their korean bbq as its good but there are 2 other places i know that does better.  but their tofu soup and their other soup items are all very good to excellent.   but dun get me wrong, i am not saying i won't eat or order their korean bbq, but just that its not their strong point, but if we come in a group, for sure we will order it along with some tofu soup for sharing too.
4	Perfectly acceptable Korean food.  We've been pretty disappointed with most of the Korean food around town, which has ranged from mediocre and expensive (Hodori) to awful and expensive (Red Kimchi/Korean Restaurant) to just generally mediocre (Takematsu).Chodang was reasonably priced and not bad at all.  Make no mistake - this ain't LA's Koreatown - but it's the only place we've found that's at all acceptable.We had six panchan to start which were decent if not inspired then a pretty big portion of galbi, a nice seafood soon dobu and a seafood pajeon.  The galbi was quite nice, the soon dobu was perfect and the pajeon was good, but a bit odd, more like a 2 inch thick frittata than a traditional pajeon.About $50 for a big meal for three people. Service was friendly and quick.
4	DELICIOUS!! Don't run away from the exterior...its rather nice inside!Price:Its reasonable price for the amount of food that is given. If it was cheaper that would make my day! They offer a cheaper menu for lunch but of course the amount of food is lessen too.Service:The service is so so, nothing amazing. I would say average, they take your order, serve, drop your check. The usual.Food:The food is absolutely amazing. Bulgogi and Galbi are perfectly seasoned and the complimentary sides are a nice. We shared a piping hot, clam tofu soup along with the two dishes for all four and left satisfied. One dish would be good for sharing! I would recommend this place to everyone, including families with kids. Best korean restaurants in AZ so far for me.
4	Delicious dolsot bim bim bap and decent selection of panchan- they have most of the standard type you will find at a Korean restaurant (kimchee, bean sprouts, etc).  The bim bim bap had a very wide selection of veggies in it, neatly and beautifully arranged, with the marinated beef, and a raw egg in the middle.  The hot stone bowl it was served in helped to crisp up the rice along the sides which added a very nice texture to the rest of the dish.  I'd like to come here again to try out their soups and maybe some bbq.
3	good service, but food was just mediocre. tried the seafood tofu soup, the yook gae jjang, and the dol sot bi bim bap. all were decent, but just nothing extraordinary. the "extra spicy" tofu soup was not spicy enough and the bi bim bap lacked in some of the traditional ingredients. side dishes were good, but once at this place was enough for me.
2	Wife and I went for lunch again on Monday, 4/25/11.  Was rather disappointed.  They have new waitresses who provided mediocre customer service at best.  Something must be causing the high turnover with the wait staff.  Been there at least six times over the last couple of years and everytime, there is new wait staff.  The menu is the same and still the food is "not bad" but we noticed a couple of things -- the banchan ("small, side dishes") was rather skimpy this time and not very good.  Further I ordered the tonkatsu lunch (which I have had three times before) and this time the pork cutlets were very, very thin.  This creates very dry and leather-like fried cutlets.  My wife had the tofu soup again and said that it was pretty much the same.  It is still a "not bad" place to eat, but they are losing their edge over other dining choices.
4	For Korean food in Arizona, I was pleased with Chodang :)We had a large party, and the service wasn't so great. They forgot one of my friend's orders and only came by once to refill water, and never came by to offer us more small dishes: Dried Seaweed (Kim), Pickled seaweed, Apple/potato salad mix, kimchi (napa cabbage wasn't ripe though), another type of kimchi, and bean sprouts. Pretty good array of small dishes.My friend and I shared a Kimchi beef tofu soup ($9.75). and then 6 of us shared the Seafood Pancake ($16.95). The tofu soup was great, but the seafood pancake, I definitely don't think it's worth the price. A couple pieces were burnt, and it just wasn't that amazing + super pricey.I would definitely come back for the tofu soup though!
3	They're supposed to be a soon tofu place and that's they're specialty.  The soon tofu is OK at best.  Their hot stone bibimbop is pretty to look at, but has almost no beef in it.  Bibimbop is supposed to have a descent amount of beef along with variety of vegetables.  Kalbi, or Korean BBQ is pretty good, but if you can't make that right in any Korean restaurant, you should close down the business.  Service is ok, and none of the servers speak any Korean which's a minus in my opinion.  If you're craving for Korean and must have it and happen to be in the area, it's a descent place to eat it, but I prefer Hodori Restaurant.
3	It's not the best Korean in town, but it's the closest for me. It's good not WOW!
4	Pretty decent Korean food in the middle of Arizona.Service is okay but not super attentive as what I was used to and a little pricer also for the amount of food they offered. What I did like was the seafood pancake and the bulgogi. Tofu soup was just okay and I would not recommend the nyeng-myun. There wasn't a lot of variety of side dishes either and no tea, which is rather odd for me. I would probably come back just because this is Arizona. Or, I'ld need to wait to get my Korean fix in LA.
4	A solid 3.5 stars (I'm Korean and was raised in L.A.,  so my standards are pretty high).  Like Mexican and Chinese food, good Korean food is another thing that is hard to come by in the Valley (near Tempe).  The only places that I think are even worth mentioning are: Chodang, Hodori, and Takamatsu.  All three have their pros and cons. I go to Chodang for their great banchan (side dishes). Always fresh and very tasty.  Their atmosphere is also the best of the three.  Other than those factors I think all three pretty much rank the same in terms of the quality and taste of their food.  Oh, except one more thing, Takamatsu has the best gopchang jigae (intestine hotpot) compared to Hodori's (Chodang does not offer it on their menu), and Chodang has the most limited menu compared to the three.
4	I've been to Chodang multiple times which is kinda funny because for years I drove by and laughed at the sign "Tofu BBQ" thinking "who the hell would ever eat there". As a friend and I were searching for Korean food I found it on Yelp. I usually get the Bulgogi and the Bibimbap. The flavors are so unique and delicious. I love the side dishes especially the kimchi. Don't de frightened by the outside or the sign the inside is very nice and clean the staff is very friendly. Me likey!
4	Daaaaaaang! Actually...Chodang! That is going to be the most creative part of my review because I am in a ridiculous food coma right now. Chodang really came through.Tonight, I joined Lindsey, Gabi, Dolores, Jared and Mayo for dinner at the second meeting of the International Supper Club. On the docket for this month....Korean.My LA friends know that I LOVE Korean food, so this was a welcome visit for me.Chodang is a really cool little restaurant in Chandler. It's not your typical K-BBQ joint. There are no grills on the table. Instead, the bulgogi #22 and such comes to the table sizzling hot. Still delicious and awesome.The banchan (side dishes) are flavorful and delicious. Seaweed salad, a nice selection of kim chi, and this apple/potato salad. Mmm.Normally, this would be a three star business. Everything was A-ok. The extra star comes in for the music they played in the background. Earth, Wind and Fire. Michael Jackson. Diana Ross. All winners. Make sure you try the spicy chili sauce. Pour it over your rice and meat. It will dance on your palate like Michael Flatley in Lord of the Dance. Yeah. All in all....this is a solid place for Korean BBQ. I am still sad that I was unable to grill the meat at the table, but the quality of the food made up for the novelty. I would come back, but before I do, I'd still venture out to see what else the valley has to offer as far as Korean BBQ joints go.
4	This was my first experience eating Korean BBQ and I can say that I'm a fan. I went into the meal not really knowing quite what to expect, but luckily I was amongst some pros (like Dave N, Dolores G, Gabi M and Mayo B), so I let them lead me through the menu. As Dave N mentioned, some classic tunes played over the speakers and although I don't typically associate Korean BBQ with Michael Jackson, it seemed to work out. Moving on to the food though, I had some menu anxiety when I saw 75 options to choose from, but I decided to go for the classic Koren BBQ, #22: teriyaki beef. I enjoyed it along with the "banchan" known as sides it came with. The beef was marinated nicely and I suggest adding some of the Korean hot sauce to the rice and beef for an added kick. I'm not very chop stick inclined, so the use of metal chop sticks was a little rough for me, but I managed to get through it. All-in-all, this was a great Korean BBQ experience in a very low key setting. The restaurant is about the food without the frills and they seem to be doing an awesome job on the food so they should change a thing!
3	I am by no means a Korean food connoisseur.  In fact, I can probably count the number of authentic Korean meals I've had on my fingers... and maybe a few toes.Chodang was such a fun experience.  I enjoyed the food and the company.  After all, I was there with a group of yelpers!  I thought the service was decent and so was the atmosphere... gotta love the music they play!  The portions are large and the prices are affordable, but nothing about my experience blew me away.  I did appreciate that upon my request, the put a fried egg on my bi bim bop.  (I highly recommend doing this!)  I shared the BBB and a jop chi noodle dish with my husband... we also tried some of the meat dishes and ribs, and of course we chowed on the traditional Korean side dishes such as kim chi, bean sprouts, seaweed, etc...  We left with full bellies and leftovers, which was great.But would I drive 30 minutes out of my way to return?  I'm not sure... However, if you are in the Chandler area and craving Korean, stop by Chodang and enjoy!
3	[Right at about 3.5 stars for food and service.] Finding myself here as the first to join of group of Yelpers at their international supper, the restaurant was ready for the 15 or so that had said they were "IN" .  They were anxiously awaiting our arrival.  Slowly a few more wander in 6 in all.  They were ready, releaved yet slightly disapointed that more didn't show.  I found the sides/banchan to be good and plentiful, the kimchee and the dakon radish were very good as was an apple salad that tasted much like a waldorf salad with a mayo dressing.  This was the first time I had been presented with roasted seaweed/nori at the table, which I enjoy. Ordering the Kalbi, I didn't stray far from what I love.  But I did try some of Lindsey's Bulgogi.  Quite tasty as well.  The prices were comprable to Hoodori and I would have to say the atmosphere is about the same. Clean and simple cafe style.  If your are looking for quality Korean fare...this is a worthy stop!
5	I've come here many times and always enjoyed my bowl of hot tofu soup. I came here initially because I was craving something similar to Tofu House in San Diego. I also went to Takamatsu and Hodori  because these 3 were in a way in competition for best Korean food-faire. This was the first I tried and the one I have continued to come back to. They have a decent selection of hot tofu soups  which is served with stone pot rice, which I love, especially at the end when the rice gets crunchy as the end. Their selection of kimchi sides is extensive and tasty. I don't think half of them are really authentic but they taste good so I won't hold that against them. Also, the price is good as well.
2	Had the bibim nangmyun and kalbi.  The kalbi was too sweet.  The nangmyun was ok.  I liked the decor a lot and the side dishes were good (kimchi was too salty though).  Their pricing kind of gets me though - its pretty much $10 for everything from dumplings (which is usually considered an appetizer) to soondubu.  If they're pricing premium, all the food better be perfect - and it wasn't.  Also, its kind of weird that they drop off the check and then you have to go up and pay at the register.  I've seen this at Ihop, but never really at a korean restaurant.  Weird...I think I'll stick with Hodori..
3	Just moved to AZ not too long ago and was craving some Korean food.  Decided to try this place out since it had the best Yelp ratings.  In the few months that I have been in the area, I have learned that Phoenix generally does not have very good Asian food, especially when compared to California or Las Vegas even.  With the lowered expectation in mind, this place wasn't half bad, but obviously not the best in the world.The interior decoration of this restaurant was nice.  Very clean and traditional to a typical Korean shop.  Don't let the exterior, and random location, psych you out.  It'll feel much more homey once you step foot inside their facility.The service was great as long as the place doesn't get too busy.  We got there a little early and the waiters were great to us in the beginning, but as soon as the tables started filling up, they stopped checking in on us so it took a little longer than we would have liked to get our waters refilled and to pay for the meal.  If you time your trips right, this shouldn't really be a problem at all.The food was good enough to satisfy a craving, but I definitely miss Korean food from home.  The dishes here seem kind of generic.  It felt as if they just cut up some ingredients and threw it in pre-packaged store-bought seasoning and called it a day.  Definitely did not feel like a meal that the chef poured his/her heart into preparing for the guests.  As such, you would expect the pricing to be a little more reasonable than what they're charging.  $16 for so-so bubulgi.. come on!  I do give them props for the individualized clay pot rice bowls though.  Not too many places serve white rice that way, and I love fresh crunchy rice! :-DIn conclusion, would try this place again some day, but probably after I try some other places for comparison's sake.  If this place truly is the best of Phoenix, then I wouldn't mind making additional trips out here to satisfy my random Korean food cravings from time to time. :-)
4	Tried a few more dishes, and was most impressed with the tofu soup which spicy, flavorful, and filled with a good amount of meat and tofu.  The bbq items were all too sweet (kalbi and beef bulgolgi), while the jap chae was decent and came in a gigantic bowl for everyone to share.
3	Chodang501 N. Arizona AvenueChandler, AZ  85225Companion and I have enjoyed Korean food in several venues, and this is the latest one. We arrive at 5:30 on a Saturday evening. The place was mildly busy. By the time we left however, every table was taken.We were two of the only 3 Caucasians in the restaurant, which is usually a good sign. We were seated quickly, and sat for a while. We finally received menus, but no one took our drink orders.Companion ordered Dol Sot Bibim Bap ($10.50). This is a dish that is served in a very hot stone bowl. It has assorted veggies over rice along with pieces of beef. A squeeze bottle of red pepper paste is served on the side for you to mix in as you like it. One of the highlights of Bibim Bap is the rice that gets caramelized by it's contact with the hot bowl. Companion pronounced the dish up to her standards and meeting all her expectations. Unfortunately, no on ever asked companion if she wanted anything to drink with her meal. She finally stopped a waitress and asked for a glass of water.I ordered the Dak Bulgogi ($13.95) which is marinated pieces of (usually) dark meat chicken, sauteed in a sauce and served over slivered onions. The portion size was big enough for any eater, but I felt the sauce was a bit on the sweet side. Having eaten eaten this dish many times in various places, I was pretty sure that it should not have been as sweet as it was. I too, had to stop a waitress to ask for a soft drink. Another problem which I had with my dish is that part of a chore girl scrubbing pad was mixed in with my food! When I brought it to the attention of one of the waitresses, she immediately took it to the kitchen and offered to replace my dish. On the positive side, the Banchan (side dishes) were excellent, especially the nori seasoned with salt, and the bean sprouts marinated in sesame. Perhaps the most unusual was the ultra thin sliced apple with cucumber and onion mixed with what seemed to be mayonnaise. Not something I've eaten before, but not bad either. Their Kimchi was very good, and thankfully had been cut into smaller sized pieces which many placed fail to do. Other dishes available include Bulgogi (Korean BBQ Beef - $14.95), Assorted Tofu Soups ($9.75) and Jap-Chae (Rice noodles with Beef and Rice ($14.95). Strangely, Galbi (Marinated Short Ribs) which are a staple of Korean eating, are only available at lunch time.Sanitation seemed good with the exception of the pieces of scrubbing pad in my main course.Had the service been better, I might have opted to give them 4 stars, but a lot of the meal ambiance involves service, and it was sorely lacking this night.
3	Went for lunch again with my wife and SIL yesterday.  Was pretty disappointed and they are losing a Star each of the last two times.  We ordered four entrees --  A combo Nam Yeung Noodle salad (I forgot the Korean name), Pork Tonkatsu, Seafood Tofu Soup, and a dinner portion of Kalbi.  We got there at 2:00 pm and we were immediately told that they plan to close at 2:30 pm even though their lunch hours are until 3:00 PM -- WTF??  So we ordered quickly.  Within a minute the tonkatsu order came out and it was cold; probably premade or something, and the meat used was very, very thin (again) so it was very dry.  The Seafood tofu soup and buckwheat noodle salad were OK.  The order of kalbi came out last, but not on a sizzling, cast iron plate, so the onions on the bottom were raw and not "grilled and caramelized".  Don't know what is going on here, but each time we go, it seems that they are slowly going downhill.  So we have decided to look for another restaurant option for Korean food in our area.Sorry for this seemingly negative update, but I want all yelpers to know of my opinions and observations.  We used to be big fans of this place.
4	I've visited several times and never had a bad meal here. I've tried the Bulgogi and BBQ korean ribs, the spicy seafood soup, Dolsot Bibimbop(vegies with cracked egg mixed into a hot rice bowl) and a really interesting Spicy pork and squid dish with a name I don't recall. I definitely never leave hungry and will continue to drop by when i'm in the area!
5	Since I married my wife, who is Korean, I can only go so long without Korean food.  I, of course, judge all Korean restaurants against my mother-in-law and wife's cooking.   Since I am in Phoenix for work I looked up Korean places and found this, I have friends who live out here so we went.  I ordered a ton of food of them to try, it was their first time eating Korean.  I was upset when we got the Goyza and I wouldn't get them again, but everything after that was amazing.We ordered Dolsot Bibimbap, Daeji Bulgogi, Dak Bulgogi, Japchae and a few other things.  Everything was fantastic!  My favorite was the Daeji Bulgogi, which is close to my mother-in-laws.  I will be going back before I leave Phoenix.
4	So, the sign says "tofu and bbq", which always made me wonder...Finally, a group of us went in to try it out.Food = amazing! So delicious, great flavors! I had #35, which was a thick stew type dish with lots of meat. Everything else looked delectable too! Sides include apples with a coleslaw sauce (not bad), some spicy cabbage type stuff (not so great), some seaweed, and bean sprouts. Also comes with a side of rice.Service = terrible. Everybody's very friendly, but once your food gets dropped off at your table, that's the last you'll see of a server.Can't wait to go back and try some more!
5	Awesome Korean! Tofu Soups are the best! Bulgogi is amazing. Highly recommended
2	I went here for dinner... wasn't too impressed. The service was horrible, it took 10 minutes just for us to get water.. and for being a Korean restaurant, they don't even have barley tea..which woahhh..whattt...pretty sure a Korean restaurant should have that? Anyways.. the food wasn't even that great, I know so many people who love this place..but come on, really? Hidori tops this place by a long shot..even Takamatsu. The sides they provided weren't even that fresh, perhaps I came in on an off day....what even pisses me off more is that a server blatantly ignored a husband and his wife that was waiting for 15 minutes for a server (okay seriously, that is really REALLY rude, especially when you look at them and roll your eyes..whoever you are nameless server). Either way, I was very disappointed in this place, I will never come back here again.
5	Excellent food I was not disappointed at all.
5	Chodang...I've been to Chodang several times.  All my experiences here are great.  I usually get the Bugolgi which is very similar to their teriyaki beef.  All their side dishes are always great which usually comes with some dried seaweed, fresh seaweed, radish kimchi, cabbage kimchi, sweet apples, and bean sprouts.  Awesome place if you like Korean Food!  This place is also friendly and is very neat and clean.   Always come here with the co-workers.
5	I'm finally reviewing Chodang - my favorite Korean restaurant :) I can never get enough seafood tofu soup and galbi, but our stomachs are always bursting when we leave!
4	The service is really fast. The prices are good. Tofu soups run around $9. The bipimbap and the bbq is a deal compared to other Korean places as it is around $11 and $13. The side dishes are good. I don't care for the apple mayo thing they got going on. Korean restaurants should stick with Korean side dishes. I love how their rice comes in stone pots.
4	Pretty good place.. decided to come here a couple months ago after reading reviews from yelp for a long time now..  tofu soups are yummy.. galbi ribs were also pretty good.. kimchee was average.. jap chae was very well portioned.. overall a great experience..  a little pricey for lunch.. but I think al korean restaurants are overpriced.. guess that's my chinese side.. lol, will def be back?? Love the music!
3	Alright - I boarded the helicopter from North Scottsdale and rolled into Chodang for lunch today. My wife was insisting that we expand our horizons and try different foods.This was the first time eating Korean food for me so I'm definitely no expert but I can tell what tastes good. There were three of us so we ordered the #23 which was BBQ Pork. The pork was excellent but a little light on the portion size when you're paying $14.95 for that plate. We also ordered #31 which was like the filipino glass noodles with a hint of beef and broccoli in the dish. This dish was huge and tasty and priced at about $14.95 as well. The sides consisted of dry seaweed which was ok and wet seaweed which was ok for me as well. My son gobbled up the Tofu so I'm guessing that was good as well. The thinly sliced apple dish was sweet and helped balanced out the more spicer dishes. The Kim-che was excellent and there was a radish side dish that looked like thick spaghetti which I really enjoyed. Also, it goes without saying that rice was served for each main dish that was ordered.The service was a little spotty, you had to flag someone down if you needed your water refilled or some extra napkins. Although the young man did a great job in explaining the menu.I would rate the food 3.5 stars but the price kind of knocks this place down to a 3 star place in my book. There were about 10 tables that were occupied when we were there and 9 of them were Koreans. So I'm guessing Chodang is the real deal. I got to fly, see you later.
5	I. Love. Korean. Tofu. Soup. A lot. And obviously, I've eaten a ton of it in my lifetime. I hate admitting this (because I live so far away from here), but I think this place might beat them all.I think my love for this place started when I saw that you can adjust the spice level of your tofu soup. Only a select few tofu places I've been to have let me do this, which is unfortunate because I am an avid spice enthusiast. Obviously, I got the max level, and it blew my mind. I'm kind of salivating at the thought of it right now, actually.I miss this place too much :( I will be sure to return when I'm in Arizona next, whenever that is!
5	We went in for the 1st time the other day with a toddler and it was wonderful. The outside look and the inside feel is completely different. It's much better inside.The food is delicious, especially their BBQ's. I also like their bibimbob and the little plates before the meal (appetizers?!). It was also our 1st time trying Korean beer and it's also good.They have good atmosphere and good price. Chodang is a kid friendly family restaurant.
4	Hard to hold this up in comparison with korean food in Southern California, but there is no doubt to the quality and authenticity of the food here. Definitely a drive from Scottsdale, but well worth it. By their menu, they specialize in soup dishes, particularly their tofu soups, but their other dishes seemed to be promising as well. Will be back to definitely try more.
4	This is probably the best Korean food in the area- not as good as SoCal or my Korean Aunt- but whenever we get a craving for Korean we head to Chodang!
4	Definitely a hidden gem in south chandler! This place never lets me down they have the best Korean food in town. While small and quaint it certainly doesn't lack in quality! I am a huge fan of the kalbi short ribs its a good portion and the meat is always tender. My Fiance loves the tofu soup which he orders extra spicy and then they top it with a fresh egg. Overall this place is definitely worth stopping by regardless of its bleak look from the street.
5	So when I have a craving for naengmyun thisis the place I found to be the best in the metroarea to satisfy it. And no - not because of that goofy KPOP naengmyun song stuck in my head or anything. I just get a craving for it every now and then.  They do the usual cutting of naengmyun noodles with scissors and you can add vinegar and mustard to taste. They have a decent spread of banchan and service is pretty good. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside but it's pretty nice inside. Don't freak if there's no parking on the Arizona Avenue side. Just go around the corner and you will find a lot more parking.
5	Fan-friggin-tastic!
5	Officially on the rotation.  Excellent Korean BBQ. My wife had bi bim bop, she has never had that dish before and loved it. Service was quick and friendly. There appeared to be mostly a Korean clientele, which is a good sign when visiting a Korean restaurant. We will definitely be back.
5	So yummy in my tummy. My sister and I went here for dinner and the food was as always-- very yummy. We had the marinated BBQ pork and the seafood hot pot at hot. We finished half the of the plates because they give you a lot. It would be better of the price wasn't as pricey. But overall, awesome service and yummy food! We will be back!!They first serve you lil condiment plates from seaweed to kimchi (spicy marinated cabbage that has been fermentated). When they serve you your food, they will ask if you want egg in the soup-- of course!!! They crack it in front of you in the sizzling hot soup...drools. Serving you some extra rice for the soup and pork. We had to pack to go boxes because it was a lot of food. Today, we went again for Father's Day and our family agreed this was so yummy. We had the BBQ pork again with Dumpling Tofu soup ("Yum-O" Rachael Ray) and Bibimbap with rice! The Bibimbap was okay but everything was excellent. Our family of five finished nearly everything. :D so GOOOOOD! Going to come back soon! Check this place out!
4	If you love Korean food, you will not be disappointed! The hot tofu soups are so good and served piping hot with your choice of spiciness. Their galbi ribs and bulgogi are authentic and as good as it gets. My son loves their pork katsu, which is served with rice, salad, and potato salad; and the servings are huge!We are regulars and bring visiting family and friends frequently. Great place!
4	Best Korean BBQ in town.  Good spicy Korean tofu dish.  Rice cake soup is very tasty.The only down side is the small number of side dishes.  Only 6-7.  They are all quite tasty though.Price range is about $20 pp for dinner.
4	Excellent  Korean restaurant.Met some work folks here because it was recommended by one of the guys.First off all lots of great dishes to choose from. We ended up eating family style and ordered a bunch of dishes.- We ordered Bolgogi Shortribs- Bolgogi squid and pork- Soup and another dish that had beef with some noodles.Rice came with all the dishes and the usual side dishes when you eat at Korean places.  Kimchee, veggies etc...Each dish has it unique flavors.  All of the dishes were delicious and had enough food for 4 adults.  Actually we really didn't need to order an extra dish and still had plenty of left overs. We all said we would eat here again.  Thumbs up!
4	I'm a big fan of Korean BBQ and Korean food in general. However, I was expecting the table top stove and was a little disappointed to find out that it was not one of those places. Needless to say, this restaurant has some pretty good tofu soup and kalbi. I was pretty drunk of the soju as well which just intensified the flavors. Definitely staying in my rotation.
4	My great-grandmother was Korean and my grandmother still passes on her cooking and recipes.  I'd have to say this place is very yummy and authentic.  I love their Bulgogi beef and chicken, the flavor is spicy and smoky.  My favorite item is the Spicy Tofu Soup - it comes in a huge bowl, steaming hot, spicy and they crack an egg in it and it's served with rice.  Amazing for the cooler fall and winter months!  Restaurant is always very clean as well.
5	Best Korean food outside Korea.I lived in the Cheolla provinces in Korea, home to Korea's best food (and spiciest).  I'm pretty picky about good kimchi, and not fond of the bland, Seoul style of Korean soups and stews.  This is one of the few places I've seen in the US that puts out an OK amount of side dishes (usually you get six here, the average place in Korea gives 3-4 these days).  Better yet, the side dishes are excellent.  The Kimchi is incredible, and the dishes are all fantastic.If you are an American, and have never tried Korean, this is the best place to test it out.  For American's going to Korean food for the first time, I suggest any meat dish, especially the bulgogi.  After you get used to the Korean style of cooking and if you're more adventurous, try out the dol-seot bibimbab.  You won't regret it.
1	I had such high expectaions after reading reviews but I was so disappointed.  The food was not good, the service was awful.  They got all of our orders mixed upo. Will never go back and cannot recommend this place.  PS  one dish was good and some enjoyed the soup.  There are 100 places I will visit before returning to this place.
3	Went with friends. Saw lots, tasted lots. I was sad to be disappointed. The seafood tofu soup was good, per a nearby taster. Short ribs were stringy. My bulgogi was too mushy, almost stewed, but tasted okay. The condiments were nice, tried em all no complaints. Dumplings were dry, overcooked with little stuffing. Bim Bam Bop went over big as did the soups. I like lettuce with my bulgogi, none to be seen, Service was bad, missed orders, etc. So, I guess, SOUP FOR YOU! Skip the rest. I like others better....
4	We came here for a birthday celebration recently and had a great time!Over the past twenty-five years, we as a family have eaten in quite a few Korean restaurants.  Chodang ranks up there with some of the best.  Yes, there was some unevenness with our service, but everything we ate was good.  Very good in fact.Like good Mexican restaurants, the outside can be deceiving.  Chodang doesn't have a large presence on Arizona Avenue.  In fact we drove past it, even with our car Nav system telling us to stop.  I have taken a picture of the signage and have posted it for easy reference.One difference with Chodang, as compared with other Korean restaurants is that they do all the cooking.  So, if you are use to grilling your Blugogie on the table stove, you cannot do that here.  But this is not a big deal, because they do a very nice job.  Btw, I would highly recommend the tofu dishes.  It's a house specialty.  That's because Chodang's is more of a tofu restaurant, then a BBQ place   As a meat lover, I was surprised at how delicious it was (see photo).   Try the tofu soup with and egg on top, and remember it's boiling hot!!!  The Kalgooksoo was good, too.Another surprise at Chodang was the beer.  Normally I always order OB, but instead tried Hite for the first time  It's a lager, very much like Asahi Dry and very good.Our bill for three came to $79.00, including tip and taxes.  That's more than fair given all the delicious food we had.  Also, while you're in the area, consider going to Lee Lee's Market.  If only to look for some Hite beer.Enjoy!
5	If I lived in AZ I would be a repeat offender for sure!Thanks to YELP :) I found this amazing gem!Came here for dinner otw to the airport to fly back to Las Vegas.I ordered to bulgogi and kalbi!I'm in love! Delicious!!!!Would love to come back and try their tofu soup.If you're in AZ and looking for fantastic Korean food! Chodang is worth the visit!Good quality food, about $20 a person.I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2012
4	The Tofu Soup is amazing.. that alone carries this restaurant to the four stars.  If you love food as much as i do, it will help you overlook the extremely overbearing AC vents that sometimes pound down upon you all year long, or the service that is catered towards the more "ethnic" (cough korean cough) patrons.  example : i walked in with my party, and they told me to wait because they have to clean some tables, a group of ethnic individuals walked in.. waited behind us for a little bit, then walked over and spoke in korean to the other staff member and were sat down before us.  so yeah.. i was upset but did not mind after i had the taste of their yummy soup again.
4	My full review with photos can be found at: http://forkvsfood.com/chodang-review/My overall thoughts about Chodang are that it's a great "all-around" Korean dining experience. The Seafood Tofu soup really knocks it out of the park and holds it's own against any other in the valley. The grilled meats are good, but it can't compete with other restaurants that have the burner in the center of the table where you can really char the meat up. I consider Chodang a sure-thing for Korean dining, where most of the other restaurants really shine in one dish over another.
4	According to the soya.be website the earliest recorded reference to Tofu is in the poem Ode to Tofu, written at the end of the 15th century, in 1500 AD. Well, a bit over 500 years later, I have to say that my experience at Chodang makes me also want to wax eloquent on the joys of solidified bean curd, or what we know as the humble tofu.I've had Tofu before, and tofu in miso soup but never Korean style Miso soup. I'd given blood and decided I needed something to invigorate my depleted blood supply and some Kim-Chee soup with beef seemed just the ticket. The nice thing about Chodang, it follows the Korean meal practice of setting out a number of small savory dishes, often with a mix of pickled vegies, and then bringing out the main course, which in this case was a bubbling hot bowl of soup, which the wait person will happily crack a raw egg into, which I recommend, and a side of rice. I ordered the soup a four on a  four out of five scale as my one time having truly Thai hot Thai food has made me wary of going for the top of the scale the first time in a restaurant. In  this case, if you like spicy, for four a 5 out of 5 level as the 4 out of 5 didn't seem all that spicey. However, I did love the tofu in the soup, they seemed to use a soft tofu which sort of breaks off in ragged chunks and was wonderful in the soup which was thick with kim-chee and had a number of thin slices of beef included. I do hope to come back again and follow the advice of Lester C (excellent reviewer of all things Asian, he has never steered my wrong so a shout out to my fellow elite Yelper) and try the Korean BBQ. I saw a plate of Korean short rips go by and they ,looked, as they say in Hawaii, Ono! It is a bit out of the way from where I live but only a few miles from the United Blood bank in Chandler so go do some good, give some blood and then reward yourself with a visit to this lovely Korean restaurant.P.S. - only weird thing, they serve the hot tea, which is more like warm team, in a large, plastic water glass, blah. Spif it up a bit Chodang and provide a teapot and a small cup for green tea. It won't cost much and adds to the experience.:-)
4	Korean short ribs, unbelievable tofu soups. First rate Korean food. A must try.
4	Pretty good korean food overall.  They don't let you cook at your own table, but the barbecue is good quality.  There are limited items though- only a bugolgi, kalbi, spicy chicken, and spicy pork.  No sam gyup sal with the sesame/salt dressing which is a little disappointing because that's our favorite.  The tofu soup is probably the best thing they have here- be careful that you don't order it too spicy (most places we order "hot" and here we order "medium" because the "hot" is too much heat for us to really enjoy it).They're great with kids- our toddler spills stuff everywhere and they are always quick/gracious to help us clean things up.Fast service, clean restaurant.  Wish they expanded the menu a little bit!
4	Awesomeness and delicious! Food is on authentic Korean and on point. Feels like a taste of home.
4	Week day lunch specials 9.25 kalbi or bulgogi
4	Very good cold noodle soup. Great  lunch experience.
5	The bibimbap in a stone bowl - my favorite Korean food dish - was easily the best I have had in the Valley.  The little kimchi and related appetizer bowls were fresh and tasty, and my family enjoyed the bulgogi and tonkatsu.  It was a busy night, so the wait staff was somewhat harried, but they did not try to rush us out.  Indeed, they might have lost customers for not being speedier in bringing and settling the tab.
4	Chodang, my favorite Korean place in greater phoenix area. Definitely not the world. When i am craving korean food this is my place of preference. Dolsot Bibimbap is good here. They don't skimp on their food.The spiciness is on the lower end of my spice preference. Their hot is under the level of a jalapeno (in my opinion). This IS nice though because you are eating out of joy, not pain of spice. Anyways soondubu (i spelled that wrong i am sure) is good...again i am saying not the best ever, just my favorite in the greater phoenix area.
5	I've been here twice and I'll go again. Go with someone else and share dishes. That way you can try  more! I have had the tofu soup, the tofu mushroom and no. 72 and they were all so good. The small dishes they serve before your meal are all so good. Can't wait to go back and try more new dishes!
3	When you first pull up to the restaurant it doesn't look very appealing and it looks closed. However when we went inside the place was nice and clean. My friend loves coming here and it's close by where we live so we decided to give this place a try. I really liked how fast their service was. We came in got seated, the lady took our order and our food arrived shortly after. I got the Dumpling Tofu soup which was good but a little disappointed that I only got two dumplings. My boyfriend and roommate got the Korean kogi dish and they both really enjoyed it. The reason why I have this place 3 stars was because everything was great until we got our food and after that they kinda of just forget about you. Nobody came around to give us refills or refill our side dishes and nobody came around to give us our check. I had to wave them down to get our bill.
5	The spicy soup (with your choice of meat) and bulgogi are amazing. Everything comes with standard sides: seaweed. Apple slaw, kimchi, etc. I absolutely love this place. It's easily the best Korean restaurant in the Phoenix area
4	Agreed with the review before mine: not the best Korean I've ever eaten (I grew up with a Korean mom and grandma) but absolutely the best in Arizona. Don't let the exterior fool you; the interior looks super similar to a restaurant in Korea. Sundubu, bibimbap, bulgogi are all tasty. Be careful: many of the dishes come out a little on the spicy side, even if you order medium heat. Side dishes are a little salty, but still tasty. Coming here is a real treat and I leave full and happy each time.
5	Best Korean food in Arizona, PERIOD.Great staff, great customers, we were drinking soju and being all loud, other people joined us and we had a giant party with the whole restaurant.
5	Simple hole in the wall place.  We ordered Bibimbap, Fried Dumpings and Tofu & KimChi Soup.  Soup was hands down the best part.  Served in a stone cauldron - bubbling hot and spicy with a fresh egg cracked into it table-side.  Fantastic!
4	Way betta then thee Hodori 5 miles away.They have good banchan (sides) as well as overall goodness with the usual Sundubu and Jaeyuk Bokkeum. (Pork Stir Fry)I'd say Cafe /Ga-Hyang and Chodang are the 2 best Korean restaurants in K-Restaurant Deprived Phoenix. ~ (Sadly the two best also demand a bit of a premium in terms of price point esp. compared to LA )
4	Of course, Korean food in AZ doesn't compare to CA but this place satisfied my craving. Galbi marinade was good but could have used a bit more char. The seafood pancake was tasty but could have stayed 30s longer each side for a more perfect crisp.  Side dishes were good except cabbage kim chi, which I thought was too bitter. And drinking makgeolli out of a tall beer glass just felt weird. Food can be about $20/person without drinks or tip but you'll leave full.
4	Been looking for a tofu soup place and was excited to find this on Yelp.  The restaurant is a little hard to spot on Arizona Ave, and would have easily driven by it if I wasn't looking for it.  There weren't many people there when I walked in (just before lunch time on a Saturday), but by the end of my meal the place was packed.Service was quick at first, but got a little slow once they got busy.  Still overall, good, attentive service.I had the seafood tofu soup, very tasty.  I will try the mushroom tofu soup next time.  I was a little disappointed that they didn't serve the hot cucumbers as one of the side dishes, but all the sides they did serve were very good.Wanted to take my family here on a Tuesday night and glad I checked their hours because they're CLOSED on Tuesdays.  Bummer.  Looking forward to going back!
4	Great Korean in the valley of the sun! If you're looking for authentic Korean stews and BBQ Korean short ribs, this place is the place to be. I recommend the soon tofu soup with mixes seafood, so bomb!
4	Decent korean food for the area.Soondobu  was decent, the side dishes that they gave were decent.They have horrible hours of operation (but looks like business is good enough during those hours), and they are a bit over priced ($17 for hwaemool pajun?!?! Thats the seafood pancake).
4	The service was very quick and the seafood tofu soup was delicious! I just thought it was a bit rude for them to hand me the check before I was even done with my meal.
5	Very good short ribs and tofu soup... Great korean food in Phoenix! Will definitely be back for more!
4	(Lyrics - The Lumineers - Ho Hey)Cho! Dang!Cho! Dang!(Cho!) I've been trying Bo Bite it right(Dang!) I've been trying to eat right(Cho!) I've been craving here instead(Dang!) I've been craving tofu soup(Cho!) I've been craving tofu soup(Dang!)(Cho!)(Cho!) So show me a Korean dish(Dang!) All the food that I will eat(Cho!) I don't know where to start(Dang!) I don't know where I went hungry(Cho!) But I can write a song (& Review)(Dang!)1, 2, 3I will Chodang with you, you Chodang with me, in my sweet belly!I Chodang with you, you Chodang with me, in my sweet!(Cho!)Cho!  Dang, has been a staple Korean restaurant for some time for many Chandler folks.  I've never lived in Chandler, but I never mind making my journey south to come here.  I generally wait till the weather gets a little cooler before coming to Chodangs because I always order their Tofu Soup.  They used to serve their rice in a stone bowl, but not particularly sure why they stopped.  Probably because some idiot kept burning themselves (thanks for ruining it for all of us!)  Anyways, I totally recommend this traditional dish if you haven't tried it yet!  Especially, on a "cold winter" day in the valley.  I would go with the #2 which has oysters, shrimp, and beef all in one.  Plus, I recommend including the egg when they as if you want them to add it for you!  Nice hot broth cooking the egg with a bowl of steaming white rice!  Perfect for any winters day!  It would kick any cold out of the way!In the end, Chodangs great if you can handle some spice and pungent smell of Korean food.  I would consider this place one of the best in town! - Enjoy!
5	My friend brought me here and I couldn't be happier.  The prices seem a little expensive at first but for the portion sizes and all the sides it is well worth it.  We shared the Dolsot Bibimbap and the Korean BBQ beef lettuce wraps.  What a wonderful mean and we were both stuffed by the end.  Highly recommend.
5	This place was great! The service was really speedy, and all of the food was really tasty. We will definitely be returning!
4	I finally got my korean tofu soup (sundubu) cravings satisfied today! I came here after church with a group of friends and we were seated quickly. It did start getting busy around 12:45 though. The waiter was very friendly and got all of our orders right! He even repeated what we ordered to make sure he got all the spicy levels down on each dish.They gave each of our 2 tables 5 small dishes (banchan) with potatoes, bean sprouts, crispy seaweed, kimchi, and apple slices. The potato side/small dish was my favorite. I enjoyed the seafood sundubu (tofu soup) I ordered but it wasn't quite as flavorful as some other sundubu I've tried elsewhere; it might've been because I ordered the "Light" spicy level. My sister ordered a kimchi and pork sundubu in "Hot" spicy level and it was a lot more flavorful than mine. Still, I liked the clams and shrimp in my tofu soup and the steaming bowl of hot rice that accompanied it. Most of my other friends got sundubu as well. We all wanted a raw egg placed in our sundubu which the waiter added for free for us. If you push the egg to the bottom of your bowl and cover it with steaming tofu, the soup ends up poaching the egg perfectly.They made it easy to pay separately among the 7 people there by just having us all stop by the cash register on our way out so that they could charge each amount on our individual credit cards, which I appreciated because it isn't always easy to eat together in large groups. The only thing was that service did get a little slower towards the end of the meal and we waited awhile for our check because the restaurant was filling up. Good place for Korean food!
5	Yelp!!! This is my favorite place for korean food. Their service is okay, but their food is really good. The tofu soup and Galbi are really good. You can save a couple buck by coming at lunch to get the lunch special.
4	It's a great place, authentic taste from Korea...
4	Food was great. Place was packed which made it difficult because we were kinda left on our own. We definitely needed more little plates of Kimchi. The service leaves much to be desired but the food is unparalleled. I love the way it comes out super hot and fast. The menu could use better descriptions of the dishes or pictures. It was difficult to tell exactly what you are ordering if you are not a speaker of Korean or familiar with their foods.
5	Decided to come here after craving something warm for the cold weather.  We have been to a few other korean places where I was disappointed in the tofu and bbq.  This place is as good as it gets for korean tofu in AZ! We got a soon tofu and spicy pork.  Pan chan (sides)- Yummy kimchi and potatoes Seafood&beef tofu-  Amazing flavor and lots of clams!! Spicy pork-  So flavorful and amazing ! Come here for the best korean food in the east valley! I'm pretty sure I will soon become a regular even though its quite a drive.
2	Been here couple of times. Food is decent. My issue is the rude servers especially one old Korean lady. We asked for something so simple that every other Korean place I have been ro has on the menu (pork kim chi soup) and for the second time were here she disappeared and five mins latter a white guy took our order.. So rude from ehen we walked in till ignoring us. Wont be back!
4	Pork was well seasoned and marinated. Presentation was good and taste was good.Prices where great and the quantity could have been more.Service was polite and quick.
5	If you are a asian, you must try this restaurant. The tofu soup with seafood is so good! And there will be a long line if you get there too late
4	My boyfriend picked up some random dishes on his way over one day. Everything was delicious! I didn't care for one of the sides, but seriously, I LOVED everything else. I will definitely be going there again, maybe this time I will go in person. I would highly recommend the spicy tofu soup, it was delectable. I can't stop craving it!!
2	I brought my coworkers here once because they wanted to try Korean food, and this is the first place the came to my mind! The food is good but for some reason it just happened to be horrible. We weren't seated for at least 20 minutes and they didn't even greet us.Then when we were finally seated, it just so happened that one of my friends got a call that she needed to get her son from her mom's house so we decided it would be best that we all just get takeout.  When we told our waiter who came to ask us what we wanted to drink 15 minutes after we were seated, she for some unknown reason could not understand what takeout was!!!!! After I explained she just told us "go wait in the front so other people can sit" which is understandable but she was RUDE. Fast forward we get our food and get home and my daeji bulgogi for some reason tastes like BBQ sauce... not Korean BBQ sauce just BBQ sauce that you would have on ribs..... WHY?!?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!?! Other food was fine but overall disappointed with this place :/The food is overpriced here... 12 dollars for a bowl of soup and then 10 dollars for like 5 pieces of dumpling, 22 dollars for kalbi??  No thanks
4	Great place to get your Korean cravings satisfied in southern Arizona.  The place was busy and they carry your standard Korean dishes.  The side dishes were alright but better than none.
4	Food was good.  Service was pretty quick.  Place was busy when I got there around 1800 and got busier.  Not a lot of Korean restaurants around so if you looking for Korean food this would be a good choice.
2	Sigh, I had really high expectations coming into this place. Korean bbq is one of my favorite dinner adventures and I've been spoiled growing up close to Koreatown in Los Angeles. The banchans are adequate, nothing spectacular but they definitely calibrated and increased the prices of their entrees so take advantage of the refills. You don't get to grill your own meats, which eliminates half the fun of the KBBQ experience. We ordered a galbi, bulgogi, and kimchi tofu soup. The bulgogi was missing the sweet marinated flavor that I was looking for, and although the meat was tender, it was a bit over-cooked. The galbi was a lot better in comparison, but again, nothing special. The tofu soup was probably the best part of the meal, but not even as good as BCD.It's an Asian restaurant, so the service will be lacking...but really I'm disappointed in making such a far trek and don't see myself coming back
5	Loved this so much I asked to be taken back for mothers day!!  The bibimbap (am I spelling that correctly??) was GREAT!  I've been craving it!  Love the egg that gets cooked as it is mixed in.  We also had kalbi and the sides were great.  Fun date night and affordable.  We also had dumplings (which I can take or leave, but spouse likes 'em!).  This was a huge amount of food, it was affordable and best, it wasn't too crowded and it was really tasty!!
4	Love this place.  Always neat and tidy.  Good service.   All the sides are fantastic.  My personal favorite is the radish kimchi.  They don't have grills at the tables but the bbq is still good.  The soups are amazing.  And don't forget the soju!    : )
4	This is the definition of "hole in the wall" ethnic cuisine.  It is a most unassuming exterior in the middle of Arizona Avenue, surrounded by other small shops and restaurants.  Mind the sign offering "more parking 'round back!" as the front has very limited space.Walking in, we were greeted by a strong aroma of Korean food and the friendly buzz of several families enjoying their dinner.  The menu had Korean and English translations; this was helpful since I've never had the pleasure of trying Korean food.  Upon first glance, the meals looked pretty pricey but we soon found out that they are large portions.  Our group of three split an entree of Bulgogi and an order of fried dumplings and had plenty of food.  The entrees come with rice and side orders, which included Kimchee, sprouts, sliced apples, spicy potatoes, radishes and seaweed.  There were familiar flavors and new ones, and most of them were quite good.  The Kimchee was a little spicy but I'm a wimp about it, I'm sure you'll be fine.  The apples were probably my favorite part, with the Bulgogi (BBQ beef) coming in a close second.I love the small, family style feeling of this place.  Next time I'm ready to expand my palate I'll be back to try something new!
5	Chodang is a really authentic Korean restaurant located in downtown Chandler.  I have lunch there a couple of times a month. I am not an expert on Korean food but enjoy all types of Asian food.  My favorites are the Bulgogi beef and the Don-Katsu pork.  Both excellent.  Both come with all of the interesting pickled vegetables that make Korean food so different.  If you would like to be a little more adventurous than Chow Mien or Chop Sui give Chodang a try for lunch.  You will not be disappointed.
4	First time here tonight. The service was prompt, friendly and fast.The food was good.  We had  Spicy pork, Bulgogi, fried and boiled mandoo and kimchee tofu soup.  The kids, hubby and I liked it. It was family style with large portions. No BBQ (cook your own style) but Im not complaining.I think we will come back when we are passing through Chandler.
5	Bomb.comIf you like Korean you will be very impressed with this place.Pretty much everything we had here was absolutely fantastic as well as the service. Do not let the outside for you. This is a very nice restaurant inside. Try the Dol Cet Bim Bim Bap with egg and a plate of spicy pork. Ask for the hot sauce and be prepared to enjoy the hell out of yourself.Keep in mind these foods are all best when mixed together!!!
4	if you are a bbq fan then this is worthy for you but the price wasn't that cheap but it's worth it. I keep coming back here. food always great here..
4	First off, I love Korean food and have had a lot of it especially since I lived near Koreatown in LA for a while.  Ever since moving to Mesa, I have looked for a Korean place that resembles what I had in LA and Chodang is it! It's not everything you would find in Koreatown, but the soondubu is really good along with the rest of the menu items.  I typically order the spicy pork bulgogi (#23), which I love, and the seafood soondubu (#1).  I've also had the duk mandoo-guk (#54), a dumpling and rice cake soup, also very delicious and a very big portion, as is the yook gaejang mandoo (#42) a spicy red soup with beef and clear noodles.  So far I haven't had a single dish that I haven't liked and have even brought Korean friends from out of town that have complimented the place.  Service is always excellent and fast, and the apple salad that comes as the japchae is amazing!
4	We tried this place a few months ago and the food was excellent!  The service was not all that impressive.  I would describe the service as clinical if that makes sense.  The atmosphere was very casual with music playing a little on the loud side. I can't remember what we had other than the short ribs, but all of our food was terrific!  The food was definitely five star food, but they can improve on ambience, service, and also food presentation.
4	My first time in an authentic Korean restaurant. Food was excellent with healthy size portions
4	Lets start by saying when you walk in, you get a real good feeling this is going to be good.Went at lunch time with a few coworkers and ordered from the specials. Korean bbq, with steamed white rice. The table is serves a few side disahes, kimchi etc.Tried the fried dumplings and they were ok, will get the steamed next time.Service was great and fast. The food was delicious.
4	Having a Korean mom and experiencing her cooking my whole life, I'm always pretty skeptical going to any korean restaurant. I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. Since it is Phoenix summer I opted out of the hot stone dishes and went for Galbi and spicy squid. The squid had lots of zucchini and other veggies mixed in, which we really enjoyed. The Galbi was really well marinated I just wish it had some char that comes with grilling at home or a restaurant with table grills. But, it was still really delicious. The sides were good too.My one complaint is it was severely understaffed and the owner and 2 servers were super overwhelmed. We weren't greeted for about 15 minutes while awkwardly waiting by the door. I won't hold it against them though.All in all friendly staff and good food.
4	Hard to find really authentic Korean food that is really good, but Chodangs finds a way to do it!
5	The only place to go for Korean in the area.  If you can do the gangnam style dance, you get 20% off. :)
5	Arriving around 4:30pm, there were 2 cars parked in front of a flat store front, windows were filtered black. I was a bit nervous and was curious about the high ratings for the restaurant. Once My mom and I stepped inside, it was well lit, well decorated and super comfortable. On top of that, the restaurant was half full with 20 people. I was puzzled as there was only 2 cars and how the patrons got here. We ordered the 2) Soft Tofu Soup with seafood and beef and 72) Dolsot Bibimbap. It was 100+ degrees out at and was delicious.  The tofu soups come in 5 levels of hotness. The Bibimbap stayed hot and was very yummy.  The ingredients were fresh and seemed of good quality. The side dishes were chilled and not over seasoned.We sat down and spent 1.5 hours there. I will definitely be back.
5	Fresh, great quality ingredients. Each side dish had a distinct flavor. Although nothing was "vegetarian" on the menu, they were able to alter a few dishes to make them vegetarian. I truly enjoyed my stone pot bibimbap!
5	My friends and I decided not to eat here because we wanted to self cook the food, and didn't realize until we got there that they didn't have that. I apologized to the waiter and they were so friendly about it, I will definitely go back though just because of that!
4	not bad. their banchan was mediocre. needs to be fresher. the tofu bowl was filling but could be better.
5	Delicious and authentic... We had a great lunch though came out like $20 per person. 4 soups, jap chae, bulgogi and kalbi.
5	Absolutely loved it! Which is surprising because nothing can compare to SoCal kbbq, but this will keep me happy until the next time I can take a trip next door to LA. Service was great and food was brought out quickly! Ban chan was delicious. They were quick to refill them as well. Menu is simple enough and have amazing bbq lunch specials. Bulgogi is marinated well and the Dwaeji bulgogi has just the right kick! Will definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu!
5	Chodang is so good! Kimchi Tofu Soup and Spicy Pork are AMAZING!!!
5	One of the best Korean places in town!The tofu soup is amazing (I tried the mushroom +tofu on mild). I've heard from others the Clam+Tofu with spicy is great!definitely a must try!
4	First let me say Chodangs food is authentic and amazing!  The side dishes that accompany the entrees are fresh and flavorful as is everything I have ever had here. The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is that they are always short staffed. Two servers run the entire restaurant on a packed Saturday night and it's just not enough. When they can get to you they provide great service but waiting to order and get your check take away from the amazing food.
3	The restaurant is in a beat up neighborhood, but the inside is cozy. We had the seafood and tofu soup which was alright, not as good as other places. We also had the pork wraps and the pork was too sweet and not lean, not my favorite. Service was alright. We enjoyed the side dishes though, the best part of eating Korean food.
4	I highly recommend Chodang since it is one of the most authentic restaurants in the valley, recommend BBQ beef, cold noodles. You would love it for sure.
5	This place is really good. Really good. I don't know anything about Korean food, but a friend suggested we go here, and it was incredible. I had the spicy beef, which wasn't very spicy, but was very delicious. It was served with these six little dishes of various things I couldn't exactly identify, like some apples in a white sauce, and some kind of noodles, and some kind of cabbage, and a couple sauces, and then some seaweed paper. I don't know what they were, but trying them all made the experience really fun.Don't let the exterior dissuade you - this is a great place to eat, with some really awesome options on the menu. I don't know if I'd suggest it for a date since the atmosphere isn't very romantic, but it'd probably be fun for a family dinner, or eating some some friends.
5	This stuff tastes good. Plain and simple. Helpful staff. Good stuff.
4	I have taken colleagues from Korea here and they believe it to be high quality Korean food. One guy said it was the best Korean food he has found outside of Korea (and he travels a lot). I have traveled to Korea extensively and I always go here when craving Korean food.
5	We come here often after having lived in Korea for over a year. I love the yu kei chong and the bulgogi. In wife gets dolsot and bipimbop. The Kimchi is excellent. They've got the Korean OB beer. Highly recommend.
5	I must say this place is like a hole in the wall. The food is abosolutely good. 3 items and paid $52. I enjoyed the side dishes. Highly recommended.
